award received	Herbert Menges was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 1963.	Herbert Menges	Officer of the Order of the British Empire
award received	Oleh Krysa (Ukrainian: Олег Криса; born June 1, 1942) is a Ukrainian American violinist, Merited Artist of Ukraine.	Oleh Krysa	Merited Artist of Ukraine
cast member	They Killed Sister Dorothy is a 2008 documentary film about American-born Brazilian nun Dorothy Stang, who was murdered on February 12, 2005, in Anapu, a city located in the Amazon Rainforest.	They Killed Sister Dorothy	Dorothy Stang
cast member	Prothom Kadam Phool (Bengali: প্রথম কদম ফুল) is a 1969 Bengali film directed by Inder Sen. It stars Tanuja and Soumitra Chatterjee in the lead.	Prothom Kadam Phool	Soumitra Chatterjee
conflict	Private James Pym (1852 -- November 29, 1893) was a British-born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 7th U.S. Cavalry during the Great Sioux War of 1876-77.	James Pym	Great Sioux War of 1876
conflict	Leutnant Helmut Dilthey IC (9 February 1894 - 9 July 1918) was a German pilot who became a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.	Helmut Dilthey	World War I
conflict	Wilburn Chandler Hamilton was a veteran of World War II who decided in 1957 to settle on the island of Saipan.	Wilburn Chandler Hamilton	World War II
conflict	Robert Martin Patterson (born April 16, 1948) is a retired United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration--the Medal of Honor--for his actions in the Vietnam War.	Robert Martin Patterson	Vietnam War
conflict	Edwin T. Woodward (March 8, 1843 -- February 22, 1894), was a naval officer during and after the American Civil War.	Edwin T. Woodward	American Civil War
conflict	George Dashiell Bayard (December 18, 1835 -- December 14, 1862) was a career soldier in the United States Army and a general in the Union Army in the American Civil War.	George Dashiell Bayard	American Civil War
conflict	The T-26 was the most important tank of the Spanish Civil War and played a significant role during the Battle of Lake Khasan in 1938 as well as in the Winter War in 1939--40.	T-26	Spanish Civil War
conflict	General Edward Braddock (January 1695 -- 13 July 1755) was a British officer and commander-in-chief for the 13 colonies during the actions at the start of the French and Indian War (1754--1765) which is also known in Europe as the Seven Years' War (1756--1763).	Edward Braddock	French and Indian War
conflict	Hermann Lichtenberger (20 August 1892 -- 15 January 1959) was a highly decorated Generalmajor in the Luftwaffe during World War II who commanded the Flak-Brigade IV. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Hermann Lichtenberger	World War II
conflict	Max Immelmann (21 September 1890 -- 18 June 1916) PLM was the first German World War I flying ace.	Max Immelmann	World War I
conflict	Sergeant Thomas Frederick Stephenson DCM (1894 -- 20 November 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with five aerial victories.	Thomas Frederick Stephenson	World War I
conflict	Arnaldo Mussolini, like his brother Benito Mussolini, took part in World War I, attaining the rank of lieutenant, and in 1919 after the war's end, he moved to Milan.	Arnaldo Mussolini	World War I
conflict	Flight Sergeant Frank Sumner, was a British RAF air gunner during World War II and flew combat missions during the Battle of Britain.	Frank Sumner	World War II
conflict	Jean Pierre François Bonet, Count of Bonet (born 8 August 1768 in Alençon; † 23 November 1857 Alençon) was a French military commander during the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars.	Jean Pierre François Bonet	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Wing Commander Douglas Arthur Davies DFC (12 January 1896 -- 1992) was an officer of the British Royal Air Force, who was credited with 10 aerial victories in World War I, and also served during World War II.	Douglas Arthur Davies	World War I
conflict	Ferdinand, Graf Bubna von Littitz (26 November 1768 -- 5 June 1825) was a Major-General (Feldmarschalleutnant) of Imperial Austrian Army during the Napoleonic Wars and also an Austrian Privy Councillor.	Ferdinand, Graf Bubna von Littitz	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Lieutenant James Alfred Keating was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories, including four triumphs during a running battle on 9 August 1918.	James Alfred Keating	World War I
conflict	Philippe de Culant (1413 -- December 1454) was a French nobleman and soldier of the Hundred Years' War.	Philippe de Culant	Hundred Years' War
conflict	John Lorimer Worden (March 12, 1818 -- October 19, 1897) was a U.S. Navy officer in the American Civil War, who took part in the Battle of Hampton Roads, the first-ever engagement between ironclad steamships at Hampton Roads, Virginia, on 9 March 1862.	John Lorimer Worden	American Civil War
conflict	Moses Orr (1847 -- May 10, 1897) was an Irish-born soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 1st U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars.	Moses Orr	Apache Wars
conflict	Robert Strahan (born 21 March 1838) was an American sailor who received the Medal of Honor for valor in action during the American Civil War.	Robert Strahan	American Civil War
conflict	Karl-Wilhelm von Schlieben (30 October 1894 -- 18 June 1964) was a German officer in World War I and World War II.	Karl-Wilhelm von Schlieben	World War I
conflict	Juan Guilloto León, usually referred to as Modesto or Juan Modesto, (1906 -- 1969) was a Republican army officer during the Spanish Civil War.	Juan Modesto	Spanish Civil War
conflict	Konstantinos Kallaris (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Καλλάρης, 1858--1940) was a senior Greek Army officer who distinguished himself in the Balkan Wars of 1912--1913.	Konstantinos Kallaris	Balkan Wars
conflict	The M1917 bayonet was used first during World War I by American soldiers on the Western Front.	M1917 bayonet	World War I
conflict	Vice Admiral Phillips Cosby (1729--1808) was a Royal Navy officer who fought in the American Revolutionary War.	Phillips Cosby	American Revolutionary War
conflict	Edgar Jadwin, C.E. (August 7, 1865 -- March 2, 1931) was a U.S. Army officer who fought in the Spanish-- American War and World War I, before serving as Chief of Engineers from 1926 to 1929.	Edgar Jadwin	Spanish-- American War
conflict	James Takemori (February 3, 1926 -- May 15, 2015) was an American judoka and World War II veteran.	James Takemori	World War II
conflict	Hans Teusen (26 July 1917 -- 11 February 2011) was a highly decorated Major in the Fallschirmjäger during World War II and a Generalmajor in the Bundeswehr.	Hans Teusen	World War II
conflict	General George Wesley Griner, Jr. (1895-1975) was an American soldier who as Major General commanded the 27th Division in the Battle of Saipan (from 10:30 on 28 June 1944).	George Wesley Griner, Jr.	Battle of Saipan
conflict	Henry Burbeck (June 10, 1754--October 2, 1848) was a long-time artillery officer in the United States Army who served from the early days of the American Revolutionary War through the War of 1812.	Henry Burbeck	American Revolutionary War	War of 1812
conflict	Günther Müller-Stöckheim (17 December 1913 in Klein Stöckheim, district of Braunschweig -- 16 July 1943 in the Atlantic Ocean) was a German U-boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes).	Günther Müller-Stöckheim	World War II
conflict	Pierre-Joseph Habert (22 December 1773 -- 19 May 1825) enlisted in the French army at the beginning of the French Revolutionary Wars and led a division during the Napoleonic Wars.	Pierre-Joseph Habert	French Revolutionary Wars	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Daniel Woodall was an American Union army officer during the period of the American Civil War.	Daniel Woodall	American Civil War
conflict	Baron Eberhardt Otto George von Bock (died 1814), was a Hanoverian born major-general in the British army during the Napoleonic Wars.	Eberhardt Otto George von Bock	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Raup Miller served as California State Assemblyman for the 28th District and during World War II he served in the United States Coast Guard.	Raup Miller	World War II
conflict	General Baron Hugh Halkett, GCH, CB, (30 August 1783 Musselburgh; 26 July 1863 in Hanover, Germany) was a British soldier during the Napoleonic Wars and later a general of infantry in the Hanoverian service.	Hugh Halkett	Napoleonic Wars
conflict	Jerónimo Siller Gómez (San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León; September 30, 1880 - Monterrey, Nuevo León; March 14, 1962) was an inventor, politician and Mexican military man who participated in the Mexican Revolution.	Jerónimo Siller	Mexican Revolution
constellation	HD 27894 is a 9th magnitude star located approximately 138 light years away in the constellation of Reticulum.	HD 27894	Reticulum
constellation	Ross 614 (V577 Monocerotis) is a red dwarf UV Cetiflare star and it is the primary member of a nearby binary star system in the constellation of Monoceros.	Ross 614	Monoceros
country	The Apolobamba Integrated Management Natural Area (Área Natural de Manejo Integrado Apolobamba) is a protected area in the La Paz Department, Bolivia, situated in the Bautista Saavedra, Franz Tamayo and Larecaja provinces.	Apolobamba Integrated Management Natural Area	Bolivia
country	The Valley of the Statues is a valley in the Andean Region of Colombia, containing more than 500 statues of unknown origin.	Valley of the Statues	Colombia
country	Coronation Glacier is a glacier on southeastern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Coronation Glacier	Canada
country	Arraia-Maeztu (Spanish: Arraya-Maestu) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.	Arraia-Maeztu	Spain
country	The historic range of Setomaa is located on territories of present-day Estonia and Russia.	Setomaa	Estonia	Russia
country	Kupise (kuˈpisɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mała Wieś, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kupise	Poland
country	Bralos (Greek: Μπράλος) is a town in Phthiotis, Greece.	Bralos	Greece
country	Zamalka (Arabic: زملكا‎) is a suburb of Damascus in Syria, located 3.5 kilometers (2.2 mi) east-northeast of Old Damascus.	Zamalka	Syria
country	Moonee Colliery was a coal mine located at Catherine Hill Bay, New South Wales, Australia.	Moonee Colliery	Australia
country	The St. Gallen Symposium, formerly known as the Internationales Management Symposium and the ISC-Symposium, is an annual conference taking place at the University of St. Gallen in St. Gallen, Switzerland, aimed at fostering intergenerational and intercultural dialogue between the decision makers of today and tomorrow.	St. Gallen Symposium	Switzerland
country	Mizo National Front (MNF) is a regional political party in Mizoram, India.	Mizo National Front	India
country	The Agly River (Catalan: Aglí, Occitan: Aglin)is a river of southwestern France.	Agly	France
country	Rodeløkka is a neighborhood in Grünerløkka in Oslo, Norway.	Rodeløkka	Norway
country	Hospital Universitario de Canarias or University Hospital of the Canary Islands is an advanced hospital in Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain).	Hospital Universitario de Canarias	Spain
country	Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology (VJIT) is a college in Hyderabad, India, established in 1999 by A.P. Jithender Reddy and V. Purushottam Reddy.	Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology	India
country	Zakriž (pronounced (zaˈkɾiːʃ)) is a settlement northwest of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zakriž	Slovenia
country	The Brampton Centennial Secondary School shooting was a school shooting that occurred at Brampton Centennial Secondary School in Brampton, Ontario, Canada on Wednesday May 28, 1975 at 11:35 a.m. The incident began when 16-year-old Michael Slobodian brought two rifles to school in a guitar case .	Brampton Centennial Secondary School shooting	Canada
country	Nymanbolagen (aka Nymans AB or just Nymans) was a Swedish bicycle, moped, and motorcycle manufacturing company in Uppsala, Sweden.	Nymanbolagen	Sweden
country	Dhoondigan is an administrative division of Fuvahmulah, Maldives.	Dhoondigan	Maldives
country	Umeå University Library is one of the seven libraries in Sweden that by law is directly supplied by printers in Sweden with one copy of every book printed (``pliktbibliotek'').	Umeå University Library	Sweden
country	Mazraeh-ye Barani (Persian: مزرعه باراني‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Bārānī) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 252, in 54 families.	Mazraeh-ye Barani	Iran
country	Qaleh-ye Kartilabad (Persian: قلعه كرتيل اباد‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Kartīlābād; also known as Ghal''eh Kartil Abad) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qaleh-ye Kartilabad	Iran
country	Nameh Shir (Persian: نمه شير‎‎, also Romanized as Nameh Shīr; also known as Namashīr and Namshīr) is a village in Nameh Shir Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Nameh Shir	Iran
country	Santalla de Rei is a parish in the municipality of A Pobra do Brollón, in the Province of Lugo in Galicia, region of north-west Spain.	Santalla de Rei	Spain
country	Montmaneu (Catalan pronunciation: (mumːəˈnɛw)) is a municipality in the comarca of the Anoia in Catalonia, Spain.	Montmaneu	Spain
country	Sjuøyane (English: Seven Islands) is the northernmost part of the Svalbard archipelago north of Norway, and some 20 km north of Nordaustlandet.	Sjuøyane	Norway
country	Lake Khasan or Lake Hassan (Russian: озеро Хасан; Chinese: 哈桑湖; pinyin: Hāsāng Hú) is a small lake in Khasansky District, Primorsky Krai of Russia, located southeast of Posyet Bay, on the border with North Korea and China, 130 km southwest of Vladivostok.	Lake Khasan	Russia
country	Pontoetoe is a village in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname, situated on the banks of the Tapanahony River.	Pontoetoe	Suriname
country	Wopławki (vɔˈpwafki) (German Woplauken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wopławki	Poland
country	Lyrkeia (Greek: Λυρκεία) is a village and a former municipality in Argolis, Peloponnese, Greece.	Lyrkeia	Greece
country	Glasin is a municipality in the Nordwestmecklenburg district, Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.	Glasin	Germany
country	Hanö is an island off Listerlandet peninsula, western Blekinge, Sweden.	Hanö	Sweden
country	Goli otok (pronounced (ɡôliː ǒtok); meaning ``barren island'', literally: ``naked island''; Italian: Isola Calva) is a barren, uninhabited island that was the site of a political prison in use when Croatia was part of Yugoslavia.	Goli otok	Croatia
country	Ploug House (Danish Plougs Gård)) is a listed Neoclassical property on the corner of Højbro Plads and Ved Stranden in central Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ploug House	Denmark
country	Nobel/Sawdust Bay Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNT2), is located 2.1 nautical miles (3.9 km; 2.4 mi) southwest of Nobel, Ontario, Canada.	Nobel/Sawdust Bay Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Böda socken is a former socken of Åkerbo Hundred on Öland, Sweden.	Böda socken	Sweden
country	US Mondorf-les-Bains is a football club, based in Mondorf-les-Bains, in south-eastern Luxembourg.	US Mondorf-les-Bains	Luxembourg
country	Auce Castle is a castle in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.	Auce Castle	Latvia
country	Shoghakn (Armenian: Շողակն) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia.	Shoghakn	Armenia
country	Khun Phawo National Park (Thai: อุทยานแห่งชาติขุนพะวอ) is a national park in the Mae Ramat District, Tak Province, Thailand.	Khun Phawo National Park	Thailand
country	Spjelkavik Church (Norwegian: Spjelkavik kyrkje) is a parish church in Ålesund Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Spjelkavik Church	Norway
country	The Ahobiryong Mountains are a mountain range stretching from north to south in central North Korea.	Ahobiryong Mountains	North Korea
country	Seini (German: Leuchtenburg; Hungarian: Szinérváralja) is a town in Maramureş County, northern Transylvania, Romania.	Seini	Romania
country	Patkhor Peak (also Patkhur, Tajik: Паххор) is a mountain in Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province.	Patkhor Peak	Tajikistan
country	Wierzbka (ˈvjɛʂpka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogoria, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wierzbka	Poland
country	Lekh Castle (Azerbaijani: Löh qalası), sometimes named Lev Castle is located west of the abandoned Qanlıkənd village of Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Lekh Castle	Azerbaijan
country	Causse Méjean is a limestone plateau in the Lozère department, in southern France.	Causse Méjean	France
country	The Gimli Glider is the nickname of an Air Canada aircraft that was involved in an unusual aviation incident.	Gimli Glider	Canada
country	Akramabad-e Kianpur (Persian: اكرم ابادكيانپور‎, also Romanized as Akramābād-e Kīānpūr) is a village in Akhtarabad Rural District, in the Central District of Malard County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Akramabad-e Kianpur	Iran
country	Freemans Bay is the name of a former bay and now inner city suburb of Auckland, in the North Island of New Zealand.	Freemans Bay	New Zealand
country	Dowshi or Dushi is a town and seat of Dushi District in Baghlan Province in north-eastern Afghanistan.	Dowshi	Afghanistan
country	L'Albagés (pronounced: (ɫəɫbəˈʒes)) is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	L'Albagés	Spain
country	The National Union of Plantation Workers (NUPW) is the largest union in Malaysia and one of the largest in Asia.	National Union of Plantation Workers	Malaysia
country	Abbas-e Aliabad (Persian: عباسعلي اباد‎, also Romanized as ʿAbbās-e ʿAlīābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Abbas-e Aliabad	Iran
country	In May 2009, Esquel twinned with Aberystwyth in Wales; with representatives of the Welsh town traveling to Argentina to participate in the signing of a charter formalising the link.	Esquel	Argentina
country	Likewise, it is expected that Pontevedra will benefit from the high-speed train connecting Galicia and central Spain.	Pontevedra	Spain
country	Lal Bangla are two imperial late-Mughal mausoleums located in Delhi, India, that are that protected monument under the Archaeological Survey of India.	Lal Bangla	India
country	Cheiron Studios was a recording studio located on Kungsholmen, Stockholm, Sweden, founded in 1992 by Denniz PoP and Tom Talomaa, most famous for producing popular music acts of the late 1990s, such as Backstreet Boys, Robyn, Boyzone, NSYNC, and Britney Spears.	Cheiron Studios	Sweden
country	Millerhof (Russian: Миллергоф) is a folk name of a residence-style palace built on the Istra Reservoir near Berezhki village, Moscow Region, Russia.	Millerhof	Russia
country	The Autovía CA-34 is an autovía in the province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain, providing a link between the Autovía A-7 and Gibraltar.	Autovía CA-34	Spain
country	Chania Power Station is a natural gas power plant located in Chania on Crete island, Greece.	Chania Power Station	Greece
country	Carrigagulla is a megalithic complex 2.9 km north-east of Ballinagree, County Cork, Ireland.	Carrigagulla	Ireland
country	Leverano is a town and comune in the Italian province of Lecce in the southeastern part of the Apulia region of south-east Italy.	Leverano	Italy
country	Abish Ahmad Rural District (Persian: دهستان آبش احمد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abish Ahmad Rural District	Iran
country	The Damtshaa diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Botswana about 220 kilometers (140 mi) west of the city of Francistown.	Damtshaa diamond mine	Botswana
country	The Sengkang Hockey Stadium serves the residents of Sengkang, a new suburb in the north-eastern part of Singapore.	Sengkang Hockey Stadium	Singapore
country	On July 16, 2012, in time of its parochial feast day, San Salvador del Mundo Church was declared a national historical site by the National Historical Commission of the Philippines (NHCP).	San Salvador del Mundo Church	Philippines
country	Hålogaland Bridge (Norwegian: Hålogalandsbrua) is a suspension bridge under construction which will cross the Rombaksfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county, Norway.	Hålogaland Bridge	Norway
country	The Aspropyrgos Refinery is an oil refining complex located near Aspropyrgos, a suburb of Athens, in Greece.	Aspropyrgos Refinery	Greece
country	Sanlúcar de Guadiana is a localidad in the province of Huelva, Andalusia, Spain, situated 55 km from the city of Huelva.	Sanlúcar de Guadiana	Spain
country	Meghradzor (Armenian: Մեղրաձոր), meaning, valley of honey; formerly known as Taycharukh), is a village in the Kotayk Province of Armenia, 15 kilometers northwest of Hrazdan.	Meghradzor	Armenia
country	Plasy (Czech pronunciation: (ˈplasɪ); German: Plass) is a small town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Plasy	Czech Republic
country	Schloss Weimar is a Schloss (palace) in Weimar, Thuringia, Germany.	Schloss Weimar	Germany
country	The Scottish Labour Party (Scottish Gaelic: Pàrtaidh Làbarach na h-Alba, Scots: Scots Labour Pairty; branded Scottish Labour) is the section of the Labour Party which operates in Scotland.	Scottish Labour Party	Scotland
country	The Concordat of 1940 was an agreement between Portugal and the Holy See of the Catholic Church signed in Vatican City on 7 May 1940 under António de Oliveira Salazar´s Estado Novo.	Concordat of 1940	Vatican City
country	The Udi-Nsukka Plateau is a pair of nearly connected plateaus located in south central Nigeria.	Udi-Nsukka Plateau	Nigeria
country	Fiduyeh (Persian: فيدويه‎, also Romanized as Fīdūyeh; also known as Fadooyeh) is a village in Baghan Rural District, Mahmeleh District, Khonj County, Fars Province, Iran.	Fiduyeh	Iran
country	Sri Aurobindo's Rourkela School (A Unit of Sri Aurobindo Yoga Mandir) is a school located in Sector-5 , Rourkela - 769002, Odisha, India.	Sri Aurobindo's Rourkela School	India
country	Al-Jiza (Arabic: الجيزة‎, also spelled el-Jeza) is a town in southern Syria, administratively part of the Daraa Governorate, located east of Daraa.	Al-Jiza	Syria
country	Ambalappuzha is a small town in the Alappuzha district of Kerala state, south India.	Ambalappuzha	India
country	The Endeavour Strait is a strait running between the Australian mainland Cape York Peninsula and Prince of Wales Island in the extreme south of the Torres Strait, in northern Queensland, Australia.	Endeavour Strait	Australia
country	Shah Khail Garhi is the name of village located in the historical city Mansehra of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Shah Khail Garhi	Pakistan
country	Émerainville (pronounced: (emʁɛ̃vil)) is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne département in the Île-de-France region in north-central France.	Émerainville	France
country	Kvernesfjorden or Kvernesfjord is a fjord between the municipalities of Gjemnes, Kristiansund, Averøy, and Eide in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Kvernesfjord	Norway
country	Sukkur , formerly Aror (ərōr) (Sindhi: اروڙ‎, Urdu: اروڑ) and Bakhar, is the 14th largest city of Pakistan and third largest city of Sindh province, situated on the west bank of Indus River in Pakistan in Sukkur District.	Sukkur	Pakistan
country	Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer Airfield is a former World War II airfield, located 1 km northwest of Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer in the Basse-Normandie region, France.	Sainte-Croix-sur-Mer Airfield	France
country	Hagley Gap is a settlement in Saint Thomas parish in southeastern Jamaica.	Hagley Gap	Jamaica
country	Kritsa Gorge (Greek Φαράγγι Κριτσάς (fa'ragi kri'tsas)) is a narrow gorge not far from the town of Kritsa, in Crete, Greece, west of Agios Nikolaos.	Kritsa Gorge	Greece
country	Croke Park (Irish: Páirc an Chrócaigh, IPA: (ˈpaːɾʲc ən̪ˠ ˈxɾˠoːkˠə)) is a GAA stadium located in Dublin, Ireland.	Croke Park	Ireland
country	Koodal is a village in Pathanamthitta District, located in Kerala state, India.	Koodal	India
country	Koške Poljane (pronounced (ˈkoːʃkɛ pɔˈljaːnɛ)) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Koške Poljane	Slovenia
country	Gornje Vrbno (Serbian Cyrillic: Горње Врбно) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornje Vrbno	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Canton of Betton is a canton of France, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département.	Canton of Betton	France
country	Baro Kunda is a town in central-southern Gambia.	Baro Kunda	Gambia
country	Pomare is an unofficial suburb of Lower Hutt City, New Zealand.	Pomare	New Zealand
country	The Adelaide Film Festival (AFF) is a biennial international film festival held over two weeks in mid October, in Adelaide, South Australia.	Adelaide Film Festival	Australia
country	Miesbach is a town in Bavaria, Germany, and is the capital of the Miesbach district.	Miesbach	Germany
country	Golden Ears Provincial Park is a Provincial Park in British Columbia, Canada at 555.9 km².	Golden Ears Provincial Park	Canada
country	Dhebar Lake (also known as Jaisamand Lake) is Asia's second-largest artificial lake (is considered largest now, since the Upper lake in Bhopal, India 's largest artificial lake in Asia, but is almost dried up due to lack of rainfall).	Dhebar Lake	India
country	Chichakli (Armenian: Չիչակլի); formerly known as Kizilvank, is an abandoned village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia, located near the village of Makenis.	Chichakli	Armenia
country	The Zabarwan Range is a short (20 mi (32 km) long) sub-mountain range of the Zanskar Range in the central part of the Kashmir Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir in India.	Zabarwan Range	India
country	THSR Hsinchu Station (Chinese: 高鐵新竹站; pinyin: Gāotiě Xīnzhú Zhàn) is an elevated station of Taiwan High Speed Rail located in Zhubei, Hsinchu County, Taiwan.	THSR Hsinchu Station	Taiwan
country	Pichlinger See is a lake of Upper Austria.	Pichlinger See	Austria
country	Aspahi Kola (Persian: اسپاهيكلا‎, also Romanized as Aspāhī Kolā; also known as Esbāykolā) is a village in Dabuy-ye Jonubi Rural District, Dabudasht District, Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Aspahi Kola	Iran
country	Lake Johnson is a small lake near the suburb of Frankton in Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand.	Lake Johnson	New Zealand
country	The Stadio Rino Mercante is a multi-use sports stadium in Bassano del Grappa, Italy.	Stadio Rino Mercante	Italy
country	Nizhyn Gogol State University (Ukrainian: Ніжинський державний університет ім. Миколи Гоголя) is an academic institution in Ukraine, located in Nizhyn, Chernihiv Oblast.	Nizhyn Gogol State University	Ukraine
country	Horodniany (xɔrɔdˈɲanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Horodniany	Poland
country	Piazzetta dei Leoncini is a city square in Venice, Italy.	Piazzetta dei Leoncini	Italy
country	Shahverdi (Persian: شاه وردي‎, also Romanized as Shāhverdī; also known as Qeshlāq, Qeshlāq-e Shāhverdī, Qeshlāq-e Shāverdī, Qishlāq, and Shāverdī) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shahverdi	Iran
country	Chelyabinsk Metro (Russian: Челябинский метрополитен, Chelyabinskiy metropoliten) is an underground rapid transit system being constructed in Chelyabinsk, Russia.	Chelyabinsk Metro	Russia
country	WD & HO Wills Holdings Limited is an Australian tobacco manufacturer controlled by BAT Australia Pty Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of British American Tobacco PLC. Its cigarette brands include:	WD & HO Wills Holdings	Australia
country	Durankulak (Bulgarian: Дуранкулак) is a village in northeastern Bulgaria, part of Shabla Municipality, Dobrich Province.	Durankulak	Bulgaria
country	Diakonissestiftelsen is a large site in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark, owned by the Danish Deaconess Community and used for various social and healthcare-related activities, including a home for the elderly and training of nurses.	Diakonissestiftelsen	Denmark
country	Jaghdan (Persian: جغدان‎, also Romanized as Jaghdān and Joghdan; also known as Jaqdān) is a village in Naghan Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Jaghdan	Iran
country	Souani (Arabic: السواني‎) is a town and commune in Tlemcen Province in north-western Algeria.	Souani	Algeria
country	The Church of Saint Demetrius, or Hagios Demetrios (Greek: Άγιος Δημήτριος), is the main sanctuary dedicated to Saint Demetrius, the patron saint of Thessaloniki (in Central Macedonia, Greece), dating from a time when it was the second largest city of the Byzantine Empire.	Hagios Demetrios	Greece
country	Penfolds is an Australian wine producer that was founded in Adelaide in 1844 by Christopher Rawson Penfold, an English physician who emigrated to Australia, and his wife Mary Penfold.	Penfolds	Australia
country	The Jardin botanique de Bayeux (2.6 hectares), also called the Jardin public de Bayeux, is a botanical garden and municipal park located at 53, route de Port-en-Bessin, Bayeux, Calvados, Basse-Normandie, France.	Jardin botanique de Bayeux	France
country	St. Kitts and Nevis Olympic Committee (IOC code: SKN) is the National Olympic Committee representing Saint Kitts and Nevis.	St. Kitts and Nevis Olympic Committee	Saint Kitts and Nevis
country	Sankt Georgen an der Gusen (also St. Georgen an der Gusen, lit.: Saint George's Town on the Gusen River) is a small market town in Upper Austria, Austria, between the municipalities of Luftenberg and Langenstein.	Sankt Georgen an der Gusen	Austria
country	Sabha Governorate (Sebha Governorate) was one of the governorates (muhafazah) of Libya from 1963 to 1983.	Sabha Governorate	Libya
country	Polla is a town and comune of the province of Salerno in the Campania region of south-west Italy.	Polla	Italy
country	Le Rouget-Pers is a commune in the Cantal department of southern France.	Le Rouget-Pers	France
country	Mekarbaru is a district located in the Tangerang Regency of Banten in Java, Indonesia.	Mekarbaru	Indonesia
country	Barrenjoey High School is a co-educational high school located in the Sydney suburb of Avalon, in the Northern Beaches of Sydney, Australia.	Barrenjoey High School	Australia
country	Dąbrówka Polska-Osada (dɔmˈbrufka ˈpɔlska ɔˈsada) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Dąbrówka Polska-Osada	Poland
country	Qalangeh (Persian: قلانگه‎, also Romanized as Qalāngeh) is a village in Bazan Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qalangeh	Iran
country	The Yorke Highway is the main road from Adelaide to the southern parts of the Yorke Peninsula in South Australia.	Yorke Highway	Australia
country	Łowicz (ˈwɔvʲit͡ʂ) is a town in central Poland with 30,383 inhabitants (2004).	Łowicz	Poland
country	Feltre (Venetian: Fèltre) is a town and comune of the province of Belluno in Veneto, northern Italy.	Feltre	Italy
country	Rębowola (rɛmbɔˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rębowola	Poland
country	Gredine (Serbian: Гредине) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gredine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Rajah Sikatuna Protected Landscape is a protected landscape area of forested limestone hills, grasslands and natural springs in the island province of Bohol in the Central Visayas region of the Philippines.	Rajah Sikatuna Protected Landscape	Philippines
country	RUM Racquetball Courts are a Racquetball center on UPRM in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico.	RUM Racquetball Courts	Puerto Rico
country	Ali Pur Noon is a historic village near Bhera in Sargodha District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Ali Pur Noon	Pakistan
country	The Taipei Fine Arts Museum (TFAM; Chinese: 台北市立美術館; pinyin: Táiběi Shìlì Měishùguǎn) is a museum in Zhongshan District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Taipei Fine Arts Museum	Taiwan
country	Capilano Mall is a 360,000 square foot shopping mall in the City of North Vancouver in British Columbia, Canada.	Capilano Mall	Canada
country	St Patrick's Cathedral, Killala is one of two cathedral churches (the other is St Mary's Cathedral, Tuam) in the Diocese of Tuam, Killala and Achonry of the Church of Ireland.	St Patrick's Cathedral, Killala	Ireland
country	Gargždai ( pronunciation ) is a city in western Lithuania located in Klaipėda County.	Gargždai	Lithuania
country	San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca (Spanish pronunciation: (sam feɾˈnando ðel ˈβaʝe ðe kataˈmaɾka)) is a city in northwestern Argentina and capital of Catamarca Province, on the Río Valle River, at the feet of the Cerro Ambato.	San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca	Argentina
country	Žukovo (pronounced (ˈʒuːkɔʋɔ)) is a settlement in the hills north of Velike Poljane in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia.	Žukovo	Slovenia
country	Pandalur is a small town in the Gudalur, Nilgiris of Tamil Nadu, India.	Pandalur	India
country	Middle Franconia (German: Mittelfranken) is one of the three administrative regions of Franconia in Bavaria, Germany.	Middle Franconia	Germany
country	Paniai Regency is one of the regencies (kabupaten) in Papua province of Indonesia.	Paniai Regency	Indonesia
country	Zavaritski Caldera (Russian: Вулкан Заварицкого, Vulkan Zavaritskogo) is a caldera located in the central part of Simushir Island, Kuril Islands, Russia.	Zavaritski Caldera	Russia
country	The Café Anglais (French pronunciation: ​(kafe ɑ̃ɡlɛ), English café) was a famous French restaurant located at the corner of the Boulevard des Italiens (n° 13) and the Rue de Marivaux in Paris, France.	Café Anglais	France
country	Neugebäude Palace (German: Schloss Neugebäude) is a large Mannerist castle complex in the Simmering dictrict of Vienna, Austria.	Neugebäude Palace	Austria
country	Lamen Bay Airport (IATA: LNB, ICAO: NVSM) is an airport in Lamen Bay on Epi, Vanuatu.	Lamen Bay Airport	Vanuatu
country	Barnik (Serbian: Барник) is a village in the municipality of Sokolac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Barnik	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bergstadt Lößnitz (``Mining Town of Lößnitz'', also spelt Lössnitz), sometimes also called Muhme (``Aunt'') for its age, is a town in the district of Erzgebirgskreis, Saxony, Germany, and belongs to the Town League of Silberberg (Städtebund Silberberg).	Lößnitz	Germany
country	The Frankfurter Engel (German for Frankfurt angel) is a memorial in the city of Frankfurt am Main in southwestern Germany; it is dedicated to homosexual people who were persecuted under Nazi rule, and as well as under Paragraph /Section 175 of the German Criminal Code during the 1950s and 1960s.	Frankfurter Engel	Germany
country	The Brazilian Military Cemetery of Pistoia is a former WW II memorial cemetery located in Pistoia, Toscana, Italy.	Brazilian Military Cemetery of Pistoia	Italy
country	Cooma is a town in the south of New South Wales, Australia.	Cooma	Australia
country	Sarnath is a city located 13 kilometres north-east of Varanasi near the confluence of the Ganges and the Gomati rivers in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Sarnath	India
country	Thula is one of five towns in Yemen on the tentative UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List.	Thula	Yemen
country	Caruaru also hosts one of the biggest open-air traditional handicrafts markets of Brazil, the Feira de Caruaru.	Caruaru	Brazil
country	Las Villas is a natural region and comarca in Andalusia, southern Spain.	Las Villas	Spain
country	Metro Lázaro Cárdenas (Spanish: Estación Lázaro Cárdenas) is on Line 9 of the Mexico City Metro System between Metro Centro Médico and Metro Chabacano at the intersection of Eje Central and Eje 3 Sur.	Metro Lázaro Cárdenas	Mexico
country	Lewis Road East Falls is an 8 metre high terraced classic cascade waterfall found on private property, (private with permission to access), in Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Lewis Road East Falls	Canada
country	The Matalag River is a river in the Philippines flowing from the town of Kabugao in Apayao province to Rizal town in Cagayan province.	Matalag River	Philippines
country	Harang (Persian: هرنگ‎‎, also Romanized as Herang; also known as Hurnak) is a village in Harang Rural District, Kukherd District, Bastak County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Harang	Iran
country	Holmestrand Private Station (Norwegian: Holmestrand privatstasjon) was a railway station located in Holmestrand, Norway.	Holmestrand Private Station	Norway
country	El Mosquito was an independent weekly satire newspaper published in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	El Mosquito	Argentina
country	Bilashi is a historical village located in Sangli district, Maharashtra in India.	Bilashi	India
country	Atra Chal (Persian: اتراچال‎, also Romanized as Atrā Chāl) is a village in Estarabad-e Shomali Rural District, Baharan District, Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Atra Chal	Iran
country	Imperia Tower in Moscow, Russia, is a 60-floor building complex that includes offices, a business center, a hotel and private apartments.	Imperia Tower	Russia
country	Villeneuve les Vertus Aerodrome, was a temporary World War I airfield in France.	Villeneuve les Vertus Aerodrome	France
country	The Raipur Municipal Corporation was ranked 6th out of 21 Cities for best governance & administrative practices in India in 2014.	Raipur	India
country	In 2005 a commemorative coin (3 ruble, silver) was issued by the Central Bank of Russia, featuring the Rusakov Workers' Club building.	Rusakov Workers' Club	Russia
country	Dunshah (Persian: دونشاه‎, also Romanized as Dūnshāh) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dunshah	Iran
country	'Abadilah is a settlement in Fujairah, United Arab Emirates.	'Abadilah	United Arab Emirates
country	Noordoewer is a town in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia.	Noordoewer	Namibia
country	Divzand (Persian: ديوزند‎, also Romanized as Dīvzand; also known as Dīwāzān) is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Divzand	Iran
country	The North Luzon East Expressway is a proposed 4-lane, 92.1-kilometer long limited-access toll expressway on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.	North Luzon East Expressway	Philippines
country	According to the Annual Report of Four Music GmbH of fiscal year 2009 to 2010, Sony Music Entertainment Germany GmbH has acquired all the shares of Four Music GmbH.	Four Music	Germany
country	Downtown Tijuana, officially colonia Zona Centro, is an official neighborhood of Tijuana, Mexico.	Downtown Tijuana	Mexico
country	Bissoe (Cornish: Besow, meaning birch trees) is a hamlet in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bissoe	United Kingdom
country	Kutugertsi is a village in Kyustendil Municipality, Kyustendil Province, south-western Bulgaria.	Kutugertsi	Bulgaria
country	Parolise is a village and comune of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.	Parolise	Italy
country	Lake Lacha (Russian: Ла́ча, Ла́че) is a freshwater lake, located in the south of Kargopolsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia, 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the town of Kargopol.	Lake Lacha	Russia
country	Għajnsielem, meaning ``Peaceful Spring'', is a municipality on the southeastern coast of the island of Gozo in Malta, including the entire island of Comino.	Għajnsielem	Malta
country	Cape Esperance (9°15′S 159°42′E) is the northernmost point on Guadalcanal, Solomon Islands.	Cape Esperance	Solomon Islands
country	Lasikin Airport (IATA: WITG) is an airport in Sinabang, Simeulue island, Aceh, Indonesia.	Lasikin Airport	Indonesia
country	Bratislava fortifications usually refers to the medieval city fortifications of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia, of which one gate and two sections of walls remain today.	Bratislava fortifications	Slovakia
country	UIML College, established in 1998, is part of a chain of language colleges in Punjab, Pakistan, with centres in Jhelum and Kharian.	UIML College	Pakistan
country	Zakmur (Serbian Cyrillic: Закмур) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zakmur	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Chwałszyce (xfau̯ˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nekla, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chwałszyce	Poland
country	Los Furios is a six-piece band from Vancouver, British Columbia which has performed across Western Canada since 2000.	Los Furios	Canada
country	Ntangki National Park is a wildlife park located in Peren district of Nagaland, India.	Ntangki National Park	India
country	The Chakhil-i-Ghoundi Stupa, also code-named ``Stupa C1'', is a small limestone stupa from the Chakhil-i-Ghoundi monastery, at the archeological site of Hadda in eastern Afghanistan.	Chakhil-i-Ghoundi Stupa	Afghanistan
country	Government Azizul Haque College in Bogra is a public college under the National University of Bangladesh.	Government Azizul Haque College	Bangladesh
country	Żardyny (ʐarˈdɨnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Żardyny	Poland
country	Antichasia (Greek: Αντιχάσια) is a forested mountain range in the northern Trikala and Larissa regional units in Thessaly, Greece.	Antichasia	Greece
country	Dera Ghazi Khan (Urdu: ڈيره غازي خان‎), abbreviated as D. G. Khan or locally as دیرہ غازی خان in nastaʿlīq script, is a geographically central city of Pakistan at the junction of all four provinces of Pakistan.	Dera Ghazi Khan	Pakistan
country	The Gulf of Manfredonia (Italian: Golfo di Manfredonia) is a gulf on the east coast of Italy.	Gulf of Manfredonia	Italy
country	The Dar es Salaam University College of Education (DUCE) is a constituent college of the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania.	Dar es Salaam University College of Education	Tanzania
country	Orewa, a town in New Zealand's North Island, lies on the Hibiscus Coast, just north of the base of the Whangaparaoa Peninsula and 40 kilometres north of central Auckland.	Orewa	New Zealand
country	Brahe Church (Swedish: Brakekyrkan) is a church building on the island of Visingsö in the lake of Vättern in Sweden.	Brahe Church	Sweden
country	The Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok) (Thai: โรงเรียนพระหฤทัยคอนแวนต์) is a private, Catholic college preparatory school in Khlong Toei District, Bangkok, Thailand.	Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok)	Thailand
country	Udon Thani (Thai: อุดรธานี, pronounced (ʔudɔːn tʰaːniː)) is one of the four major cities (Khorat, Ubon Ratchathani, Udon Thani, and Khon Kaen) of the Isan region, Thailand, (known as the ``big four of Isan'').	Udon Thani	Thailand
country	Kaluyi (Persian: كلويي‎, also Romanized as Kalūyī) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kaluyi	Iran
country	Nowy Wiączemin (ˈnɔvɨ vjɔnˈt͡ʂɛmin) (German: Deutsch Gensemin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słubice, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Wiączemin	Poland
country	Sokoligóra (sɔkɔliˈɡura) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golub-Dobrzyń, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sokoligóra	Poland
country	The Canal des houillères de la Sarre, sometimes simply known as the Canal de la Sarre, connects the Canal de la Marne au Rhin in Gondrexange to the Saar river in Sarreguemines in northeastern France.	Canal des houillères de la Sarre	France
country	Lanfains (Breton: Lanfeun) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Lanfains	France
country	The Okutataragi Pumped Storage Power Station (奥多々良木発電所) is a large pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in Asago, in the Hyōgo Prefecture of Japan.	Okutataragi Pumped Storage Power Station	Japan
country	Adria Cathedral (or the New Cathedral; Italian: Duomo di Adria, Cattedrale Nuova dei Santi Pietro i Paulo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in the city of Adria, in the province of Rovigo and the region of Veneto, Italy.	Adria Cathedral	Italy
country	La Vera is a comarca (county, but with no administrative role) in Extremadura, western Spain.	La Vera	Spain
country	The Wehra Valley Railway (German: Wehratalbahn) was a 19.7 km long branch line from Schopfheim to Bad Säckingen in southwestern Germany, that was electrified in 1913 at the same time as the Wiesen Valley Railway.	Wehra Valley Railway	Germany
country	Boss Media AB, with its main headquarters in Växjö, Sweden, was a developer of software and systems for digitally distributed gambling entertainment.	Boss Media	Sweden
country	The Mauria Pass (Italian: Passo della Mauria) (1298 m) is a high mountain pass between the regions of Veneto and Friuli in Italy.	Mauria Pass	Italy
country	The Bełchatów Power Station is a large 5,420 MW lignite-fired power station situated near Bełchatów in Łódź Voivodeship, Poland.	Bełchatów Power Station	Poland
country	Afragola (afraˈɡoːla) (Neapolitan: Afravóla; Afragolese dialect: Afraóra) is a city and comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples, in Italy.	Afragola	Italy
country	Metro Bellas Artes is a station along Line 2 and Line 8 of the Mexico City Metro system.	Metro Bellas Artes	Mexico
country	Zubrzyca Dolna (zuˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈdɔlna), (Slovak: Nižná Zubrica) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonka, within Nowy Targ County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Zubrzyca Dolna	Poland
country	The Edgar Centre is a large multi-purpose indoor sports venue in South Dunedin, New Zealand, on the shore of Otago Harbour close to Andersons Bay Inlet.	Edgar Centre	New Zealand
country	Carmo do Rio Claro is a municipality located in the south-west of Minas Gerais state, Brazil.	Carmo do Rio Claro	Brazil
country	Lipa pri Frankolovem (pronounced (ˈliːpa pɾi fɾaŋkɔˈloːvɛm)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Lipa pri Frankolovem	Slovenia
country	Þórólfsfell is a basaltic tuya in southern Iceland, east of Fljótshlíð.	Þórólfsfell	Iceland
country	Kaisariani (Greek: Καισαριανή) is a suburban town and a municipality in the eastern part of the Athens agglomeration, Greece.	Kaisariani	Greece
country	Kuntur Jipiña (Aymara kunturi condor, jipiña squatting of animals, 'where the condor crouches', hispanicized spelling Condor Jipina) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia, about 5,260 metres (17,257 ft) high.	Kuntur Jipiña	Bolivia
country	The Yukon Hotel is a National Historic Site of Canada and part of the Dawson Historical Complex.	Yukon Hotel	Canada
country	Užventis ( pronunciation , Samogitian: Ožvėntis) is a city in the Kelmė district municipality, Lithuania.	Užventis	Lithuania
country	The Rama Government is the cabinet of Albania after being confirmed in September 2013.	Rama Government	Albania
country	Sarmast (Persian: سرمست‎‎) is a city in and the capital of Govar District, in Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarmast	Iran
country	Pattathanam is a residential area in the city of Kollam in Kerala, south west India.	Pattathanam	India
country	Rapljevo (pronounced (ˈɾaːpljɛʋɔ)) is a settlement in the southern part of the Municipality of Dobrepolje in Slovenia.	Rapljevo	Slovenia
country	Zemné (Hungarian: Szímő) is a village and municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-western Slovakia.	Zemné	Slovakia
country	Rajpur Sonarpur (Bengali: রাজপুর সোনারপুর), popularly known as Sonarpur (Bengali: সোনারপুর), is a southern neighbourhood of Kolkata, India and a municipality under Sonarpur police station.	Rajpur Sonarpur	India
country	Kitakawachi Dam is a dam in the Ishikawa Prefecture of Japan, completed in 2010.	Kitakawachi Dam	Japan
country	Batawa is a small community in southeastern Ontario, Canada in the city of Quinte West.	Batawa	Canada
country	Hwange National Park Airport (IATA: HWN, ICAO: FVWN) is an airport in Zimbabwe that serves the Hwange National Park and the town of Hwange.	Hwange National Park Airport	Zimbabwe
country	Viinijärvi is a rather large lake in Northern Karelia region in Finland.	Viinijärvi	Finland
country	Olievenhoutbosch is a township in Centurion in Gauteng, South Africa, close to Midrand on the R55 route, which was established in the 1990s.	Olievenhoutbosch	South Africa
country	Dek Island (Dek Deset in Amharic) is the biggest island (approximately 16 square kilometers in size) on Lake Tana in Ethiopia.	Dek Island	Ethiopia
country	Plavecký Mikuláš (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈplaʋetskiː ˈmikulaːʃ)) is a village and municipality in western Slovakia in Malacky District in the Bratislava region.	Plavecký Mikuláš	Slovakia
country	Uman (Ukrainian: Умань, Polish: Humań) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast (province) in central Ukraine, to the east of Vinnytsia.	Uman	Ukraine
country	S.V. RAP is a Dutch football (soccer) club based in Amsterdam, Netherlands, that plays in the Vijfde Klasse, the eight tier of football in the Netherlands, and the sixth tier of Dutch amateur football.	S.V. RAP	Netherlands
country	Hasanabad-e Etemad (Persian: حسن اباداعتماد‎, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād-e E``temād; also known as Ḩasanābād) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 13 families.	Hasanabad-e Etemad	Iran
country	Makresh Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Макреш) is a municipality (obshtina) in Vidin Province, Northwestern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain about 12 km southwest of Danube river.	Makresh Municipality	Bulgaria
country	The Three Arms Zone is a district of Abuja, the capital of Nigeria, so named because it contains the headquarters of the Three Arms of Government.	Three Arms Zone	Nigeria
country	Burgos (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈburɣos), UK /ˈbʊərɡɒs/, US /ˈbʊərɡoʊs/) is a city in northern Spain and the historic capital of Castile.	Burgos	Spain
country	The Rideau Canoe Club (RCC) is a canoe club located on the Rideau River in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Rideau Canoe Club	Canada
country	The Brauroneion was the sanctuary of Artemis Brauronia on the Athenian Acropolis, located in the southwest corner of the Acropolis plateau, between the Chalkotheke and the Propylaia in Greece.	Brauroneion	Greece
country	Kolashlu (Persian: كلشلو‎, also Romanized as Kolashlū; also known as Golashlū) is a village in Misheh Pareh Rural District, in the Central District of Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kolashlu	Iran
country	Rågsved is a district of Stockholm, Sweden which historically belonged to Bandhagen.	Rågsved	Sweden
country	Baruntse is a mountain in the Khumbu region of eastern Nepal, crowned by four peaks and bounded on the south by the Hunku Glacier, on the east by the Barun Glacier, and on the northwest by the Imja Glacier.	Baruntse	Nepal
country	Buddha Goraya / Budha Goraya / Budha Guraya / Urdu: بڈھاگورائیہ Hindi: बुढ्ढा गोराया is a developing village in Gujranwala District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Buddha Goraya	Pakistan
country	Druya (Друя, Polish: Druja) is a historic townlet in Vitebsk Region, Belarus, about 30 km northeast of Braslaw, located on the left bank of the Daugava River, at the mouth of the Drujka River, opposite the Latvian parish of Piedruja (former Pridruysk).	Druya	Belarus
country	Markuszowa (markuˈʂɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Markuszowa	Poland
country	Hamilton City Hall is located in downtown Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.	Hamilton City Hall	Canada
country	Presidente Roque Sáenz Peña is a neighbourhood of the barrio of Saavedra, in the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina, named after President of Argentina, Roque Sáenz Peña.	Presidente Roque Sáenz Peña	Argentina
country	Iža (Hungarian: Izsa, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈiʒɒ)) is a village in south-western Slovakia.	Iža	Slovakia
country	The Mejía Lagoons National Sanctuary (Santuario Nacional Lagunas de Mejía) is a protected area in Peru on the coastal Mejía District in Arequipa, in the mouth of the Tambo River.	Mejía Lagoons National Sanctuary	Peru
country	Bangkok Christian College (Thai: โรงเรียนกรุงเทพคริสเตียนวิทยาลัย) is a private boys' school in Bangkok and the oldest school in Thailand.	Bangkok Christian College	Thailand
country	Wustermark is a municipality of the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany.	Wustermark	Germany
country	Olipa is an uninhabited islet in Croatia, part of the Elaphiti Islands archipelago off the coast of southern Dalmatia.	Olipa	Croatia
country	Pakur (Hindi: पाकुड़; previously known as Pakaur) is the district headquarters of Pakur District (पाकुड़ जिला), Jharkhand state, India.	Pakur	India
country	Radio Monte Carlo Network is an Italian-speaking station, broadcasting in Italy and Monaco from both Monaco and Milan.	Radio Monte Carlo	Italy
country	Trojaczek (trɔˈjat͡ʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piotrków Kujawski, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Trojaczek	Poland
country	Notre-Dame-de-Ham, Quebec is an municipality in Centre-du-Québec, Quebec, Canada.	Notre-Dame-de-Ham, Quebec	Canada
country	Katete District with headquarters at Katete in Eastern Province, Zambia, includes woodland in the north sloping down into the Luangwa Valley, good farmland amid rocky hills in the centre, and deforested plateau exposed to soil erosion and degradation in the south along the border with Mozambique.	Katete District	Zambia
country	Osakücə (also Osaküçə, Asakyudzha, Osakudzha, or Osakyudzha) is a village and municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Osakücə	Azerbaijan
country	The history of Madhepura can be traced back to the reign of Kushan Dynasty of Ancient India.	Madhepura	India
country	Ryn Reszelski (ˈrɨn rɛˈʂɛlski) (German: Schellen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ryn Reszelski	Poland
country	Drzeczkowo (dʐɛt͡ʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osieczna, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drzeczkowo	Poland
country	Velachery (Tamil: வேளச்சேரி) is a residential area in South Chennai, a metropolitan city in Tamil Nadu, India.	Velachery	India
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 541 or U 541 is the Rundata catalog listing for a Viking Age memorial runestone which is located at the Husby-Sjuhundra church, which is five kilometers west of Norrtälje, Stockholm County, Sweden, and in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 541	Sweden
country	Zimica (pronounced (ziˈmiːtsa)) is a village in the Municipality of Duplek in northeastern Slovenia.	Zimica	Slovenia
country	Qeydu (Persian: قيدو‎, also Romanized as Qeydū; also known as Ghidoo, Kaidu, Kāydū, Key Dū, and Qedu) is a village in Galehzan Rural District, in the Central District of Khomeyn County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qeydu	Iran
country	Mostaganem (Arabic: مستغانم‎) is a port city in and capital of Mostaganem province, in the northwest of Algeria.	Mostaganem	Algeria
country	Aghlian (Persian: اغليان‎, also Romanized as Āghlīān) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aghlian	Iran
country	The Bazaruto National Park (BANP) is a protected area in the Inhambane Province of Mozambique on the Bazaruto Archipelago.	Bazaruto National Park	Mozambique
country	Lake Omodeo (Italian: Lago Omodeo) is an artificial lake, in central west Sardinia, Italy.	Lake Omodeo	Italy
country	The Man's Rights in the Family Party (Hebrew: מפלגת זכויות הגבר במשפחה - רע``ש‎, Miflega Zkhuyot HaGever BeMishpaha - Ra'ash) was a minor political party in Israel headed by Yaakov Schlusser.	Man's Rights in the Family Party	Israel
country	Farkadona (Greek: Φαρκαδόνα, before 1955: Τσιότι - Tsioti) is a municipality in the southeastern Trikala regional unit, part of Thessaly in Greece.	Farkadona	Greece
country	Wymokłe (vɨˈmɔkwɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wymokłe	Poland
country	Syangboche Airport also known as Syangboche Airstrip (IATA: SYH, ICAO: VNSB) is an unpaved airstrip serving the village of Namche Bazaar, in Solukhumbu district, Nepal.	Syangboche Airport	Nepal
country	Title 49 of the United States Code is a code that regards the role of transportation in the United States of America.	Title 49 of the United States Code	United States of America
country	Manapullikavu is in the Palakkad district in the Kerala State of India.	Manapullikavu	India
country	NK Zvijezda Gradačac, or commonly referred to as just Zvijezda is a football club from Bosnia and Herzegovina, based in the town of Gradačac.	NK Zvijezda Gradačac	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Wonju is the most populous city in Gangwon province, South Korea.	Wonju	South Korea
country	Lweeza, sometimes spelled as Lweza is a neighborhood in Central Uganda.	Lweeza	Uganda
country	Royan (French pronunciation: ​(ʁwa.jɑ̃) ; locally (ʁwe.jɑ̃) in Saintongeais dialect) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department, along the Atlantic Ocean, in southwestern France.	Royan	France
country	Tokat Province (Turkish: Tokat ili) is a province in northern Turkey.	Tokat Province	Turkey
country	The Château de Langoiran is located in the district of Bordeaux in Gironde, in Langoiran, Aquitaine, France.	Château de Langoiran	France
country	Johannesgränd (Swedish: ``Alley of (Saint) John'') is an alley in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, connecting Skeppsbron to Österlånggatan.	Johannesgränd	Sweden
country	Fardeqan (Persian: فردقان‎, also Romanized as Fardeqān and Fardaqān; also known as Fardaghān and Phardogan) is a village in Khenejin Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Fardeqan	Iran
country	Milligan Hills Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 150 km (93 mi) northeast of Fort St. John near the border with Alberta.	Milligan Hills Provincial Park	Canada
country	As of 2001 India census, Thokur-62 had a population of 6166.	Thokur-62	India
country	Buriram (Thai: บุรีรัมย์ - ``City of Happiness'') is a town (thesaban mueang) in Thailand, capital of Buriram Province, about 410 km northeast of Bangkok.	Buriram	Thailand
country	The Vorderseespitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps, Tyrol, Austria.	Vorderseespitze	Austria
country	The McMahon Government refers to the period of federal Executive Government of Australia led by Prime Minister William McMahon.	McMahon Government	Australia
country	Selje Church (Norwegian: Selje kyrkje) is a parish church in Selje Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Selje Church	Norway
country	Bélapátfalva is a town in Heves county, in Hungary, located north of the city of Eger.	Bélapátfalva	Hungary
country	Bourg-de-Péage is a commune in the Drôme department and in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.	Bourg-de-Péage	France
country	Katta Belisynyk Pass is a pass in the Belisynyk Range of the Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan.	Katta Belisynyk Pass	Kyrgyzstan
country	Včelince (Hungarian: Méhi) is a village and municipality in the Rimavská Sobota District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Včelince	Slovakia
country	Nahandar (Persian: نهندر‎, also Romanized as Nehendar and Nohendar) is a village in Kamazan-e Olya Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Nahandar	Iran
country	Przechlewo (pʂɛˈxlɛvɔ) (German: Prechlau) is a village in Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Przechlewo	Poland
country	Xurama (also, Khurama) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Xurama	Azerbaijan
country	Shalilvand (Persian: شليلوند‎, also Romanized as Shalīlvand; also known as Shalīvand and Shīlūneh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalilvand	Iran
country	Hawulti-Melazo is an Aksumite and pre-Aksumite archaeological site in Tigray Region, northern Ethiopia.	Hawulti-Melazo	Ethiopia
country	Piz Morteratsch (3,751 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland.	Piz Morteratsch	Switzerland
country	Bennett Island is part of the Sakha Republic administrative division of Russia.	Bennett Island	Russia
country	Vauvert is a commune in the far south of the Gard department in southern France.	Vauvert	France
country	Gornje Prapreče (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ); in older sources also Gorenje Prapreče, German: Oberprapretsche) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia.	Gornje Prapreče	Slovenia
country	Borazjan (Persian: برازجان‎; also Romanized as Borāzjān ; also known as Borazdjan and Borāzjūn) is a city in and the capital of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Borazjan	Iran
country	Apollonioi (Greek: Απολλώνιοι) is a former municipality on the island of Lefkada, Ionian Islands, Greece.	Apollonioi	Greece
country	Rubinówka (rubiˈnufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rubinówka	Poland
country	Pechiparai Reservoir is a reservoir located 43 kilometres (27 mi) from the town of Nagercoil, near the village of Pechiparai in Kanyakumari District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Pechiparai Reservoir	India
country	Matkunda is a village in the Thalisain tehsil of Bironkhal block in Pauri Garhwal district, Uttarakhand, India.	Matkunda	India
country	The A43 autoroute, also known as l'autoroute de la Maurienne, is a motorway in France.	A43 autoroute	France
country	Kalahari Constituency is an electoral constituency in Omaheke Region, Namibia.	Kalahari Constituency	Namibia
country	Sława (ˈswava) (German: Schlawa, 1937-1945 Schlesiersee) is a town in Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland, with 3,960 inhabitants (2004).	Sława	Poland
country	The Mountains of the Moon University (MMU), is a private, non-profit university in Uganda.	Mountains of the Moon University	Uganda
country	Garshakurthy is located in Andhra Pradesh, India, it is about 25 km west of Karimnagar, the nearest town.	Garshakurthy	India
country	The Wakhan Corridor (alternatively Vakhan Corridor, or Wakhan) is the narrow strip of territory in northeastern Afghanistan that extends to China and separates Tajikistan from Pakistan.	Wakhan Corridor	Afghanistan
country	Mazraeh-ye Ruy Deh (Persian: مزرعه روي ده‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Rūy Deh; also known as Rūy Deh) is a village in Neyasar Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 42, in 12 families.	Mazraeh-ye Ruy Deh	Iran
country	Rudovci (Serbian Cyrillic: Рудовци) is a suburban settlement of Belgrade, the capital of Serbia.	Rudovci	Serbia
country	Mehrabad-e Qods (Persian: مهرابادقدس‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Qods) is a village in Bajestan Rural District, in the Central District of Bajestan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Qods	Iran
country	The Sopo River is a river in South Sudan's state of Northern Bahr el Ghazal.	Sopo River	South Sudan
country	Mehriz (Persian: مهريز‎, also Romanized as Mehrīz) is a city in and the capital of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Mehriz	Iran
country	Mort's Dock is a former dry dock, slipway, and shipyard in Balmain, New South Wales, Australia.	Mort's Dock	Australia
country	Yeniseysk Governorate (Russian: Енисе́йская губе́рния) was a governorate (guberniya) of the Russian Empire and later of the Russian Socialist Federative Soviet Republic.	Yeniseysk Governorate	Russian Empire
country	Padre Sergio Eamiguel is a barangay of Naval, Biliran, Philippines P.S. Eamiguel is politically subdivided into five sitios.	Padre Sergio Eamiguel	Philippines
country	Maovice is a small village in Split-Dalmatia county, Croatia.	Maovice	Croatia
country	Świerzowa Ruska (ɕfʲɛˈʐɔva ˈruska) (Ukrainian: Свіржова Руська, Svirzhova Rus’ka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Świerzowa Ruska	Poland
country	Paipra (near Pezhakkappilly) is a small village in Muvattupuzha Taluka of Ernakulam district of Kerala state, south India.	Paipra	India
country	Azawad (Tuareg: ⴰⵣⴰⵡⴰⴷ Azawad; Arabic: أزواد ‎ Azawād) is a territory in northern Mali as well as a former short-lived unrecognised state.	Azawad	Mali
country	The Mine Service (Mijnendienst) is the wing of the Royal Netherlands Navy dealing with mine-laying and minesweeping.	Mine Service	Netherlands
country	Lernagog (Armenian: Լեռնագոգ), is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Lernagog	Armenia
country	The Federatie Nederlandse Vakbeweging (English: Dutch Federation of Trade Unions; FNV) is a federation of trade unions of the Netherlands.	Federatie Nederlandse Vakbeweging	Netherlands
country	Krásnovce (Hungarian: Krasznócz) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.	Krásnovce	Slovakia
country	Palmela (Portuguese pronunciation: (pɐɫˈmɛlɐ)) is a town and a municipality in Portugal.	Palmela	Portugal
country	The Rocca Sanvitale, or Sanvitale Castle, is a fortress residence located in the centre of the town of Fontanellato, near Parma, northern Italy.	Rocca Sanvitale	Italy
country	Noertzange (Luxembourgish: Näerzéng, German: Nörtzingen) is a small town in the commune of Bettembourg, in southern Luxembourg.	Noertzange	Luxembourg
country	Idršek (pronounced (ˈiːdəɾʃək)) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills northeast of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Idršek	Slovenia
country	The Vandellòs Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station in Vandellòs located close to the Coll de Balaguer pass (Baix Camp comarca) in Catalonia, Spain.	Vandellòs Nuclear Power Plant	Spain
country	Eliki (Greek: Ελίκη, before 1917: Ζευγολατιό - Zevgolatio), is a village in the municipal unit of Diakopto, Achaea, Greece.	Eliki	Greece
country	The Municipality of Brezovica (Slovene: Občina Brezovica) is a municipality in central Slovenia, just south of its capital Ljubljana.	Municipality of Brezovica	Slovenia
country	Baakleen (or Baakline) is a city located in Mount Lebanon, Chouf District, 45 kilometers southeast of Beirut.	Baakleen	Lebanon
country	Çomaxtur (also, Chomakhtur) is a village and municipality in the Sharur District of Nakhchivan Autonomous Republic, Azerbaijan.	Çomaxtur	Azerbaijan
country	Engelberger Aa (or Engelbergeraa) is a river in Switzerland.	Engelberger Aa	Switzerland
country	Mesdaraq (Persian: مسدرق‎) is a village in Naqdi Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Mesdaraq	Iran
country	Omazići (Serbian: Омазићи) is a village in the municipality of Banovići, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Omazići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Salvadoran Army (Spanish: Ejército Salvadoreño) is the land branch and largest of the Armed Forces of El Salvador.	Salvadoran Army	El Salvador
country	Filiatra (Greek: Φιλιατρά), is a town and a former municipality in Messenia, Peloponnese, Greece.	Filiatra	Greece
country	Kallio Rolling Rainbow (KRR) is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Helsinki in Finland.	Kallio Rolling Rainbow	Finland
country	Baciki Bliższe (baˈt͡ɕʲikʲi ˈblʲiʂːɛ) (Ukrainian: Батики Передні, Batyky Peredni) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Baciki Bliższe	Poland
country	Masaka Regional Referral Hospital, commonly known as Masaka Hospital is a hospital in the city of Masaka, in south-central Uganda.	Masaka Hospital	Uganda
country	Ciuruleasa (German: Arileis; Hungarian: Csurulyásza) is a commune located in Alba County, Romania.	Ciuruleasa	Romania
country	Paul's Island or Paul Island is an island off the coast of Labrador, near the town of Nain in Canada.	Paul's Island	Canada
country	Revdanda is a village near Alibaug, India.	Revdanda	India
country	Jemiołów (jɛˈmjɔwuf) (formerly German Petersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łagów, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Jemiołów	Poland
country	Berlin European UK is a defunct regional UK airline based at Tegel Airport in what used to be West Berlin in the days prior to Germany's (re-)unification.	Berlin European UK	Germany
country	The Right Opposition (Russian: Правая оппозиция, Pravaya oppozitsiya) was the name given to the tendency made up of Nikolai Bukharin, Alexei Rykov, Mikhail Tomsky and their supporters within the Soviet Union in the late 1920s.	Right Opposition	Soviet Union
country	Hamraia (Arabic: ﺮاﻳﺔﺣ‎) is a town and commune in Reguiba District, El Oued Province, Algeria.	Hamraia	Algeria
country	Santiago de Compostela Airport (Galician: Aeroporto de Santiago de Compostela, Spanish: Aeropuerto de Santiago de Compostela) (IATA: SCQ, ICAO: LEST) is an international airport serving the autonomous community and historical region of Galicia in Spain.	Santiago de Compostela Airport	Spain
country	Idanha-a-Nova (Portuguese pronunciation: (iˈðɐɲa ˈnɔvɐ)) is a municipality in the district of Castelo Branco in east-central Portugal.	Idanha-a-Nova	Portugal
country	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Ahmad (Persian: مزرعه حاجي احمد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ḩājjī Aḩmad) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Hajji Ahmad	Iran
country	The Sydney Polo Club is a polo club in Richmond, New South Wales, Australia.	Sydney Polo Club	Australia
country	Shatjrek (Armenian: Շատջրեք, also Romanized as Shatjreq; formerly, Koshabulakh, Koshabulag, and Ghoshabulagh) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Shatjrek	Armenia
country	Călimănești, often known as Călimănești-Căciulata, is a town in Vâlcea County, southern Romania.	Călimănești	Romania
country	The Caves of Barać (Croatian: Baraćeve špilje) are located near the village of Nova Kršlja in the municipality of Rakovica, Croatia.	Caves of Barać	Croatia
country	Ladushkin (Russian: Ла́душкин), formerly known as Ludwigsort in German (Polish: Ludwinów; Lithuanian: Liudvigsortas), is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia, located between Kaliningrad and the Polish border.	Ladushkin	Russia
country	Tønder County (Danish: Tønder Amt) is a former province in Denmark, located the south-western part of Southern Jutland.	Tønder County	Denmark
country	The Drevviken Party (Swedish: Drevvikenpartiet) is a local political party in Huddinge Municipality, Sweden.	Drevviken Party	Sweden
country	The Tenterfield Intercolonial Courier and Fairfield and Wallangarra Advocate was a newspaper published in Tenterfield, New South Wales, Australia from 1891 to 1914.	Tenterfield Intercolonial Courier and Fairfield and Wallangarra Advocate	Australia
country	Lewella (the name means ``blood sand'') is a village and northeastern suburb of Kandy, in Central Province, Sri Lanka.	Lewella	Sri Lanka
country	Hibberdene is a small coastal town on the KwaZulu-Natal south coast in South Africa.	Hibberdene	South Africa
country	Százhalombatta (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈsaːzhɒlombɒtːɒ); Croatian: Bata, Serbian: Bata, Бата) is a town in Pest county, Hungary.	Százhalombatta	Hungary
country	The Luan Gallery is an publicly owned art gallery in Athlone, Westmeath, Ireland.	Luan Gallery	Ireland
country	Yuzbashlu (Persian: يوزباشلو‎, also Romanized as Yūzbāshlū) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yuzbashlu	Iran
country	The Millennium University (Bengali: মিলেনিয়াম বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়) or TMU is a non governmental university located at Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Millennium University	Bangladesh
country	Papatoetoe High School (PHS) is a secondary school (years 9--13) in Papatoetoe suburb of Auckland City, New Zealand.	Papatoetoe High School	New Zealand
country	Du Toit's Pan, now usually Dutoitspan, refers to one of the earliest diamond mining camps at what is now Kimberley, South Africa.	Du Toit's Pan	South Africa
country	Przystajnia (pʂɨsˈtai̯ɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeziny, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Przystajnia	Poland
country	Asian Highway 63 (AH63) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 2500 km from Samara, Russia to G``uzor, Uzbekistan connecting AH6 to AH62. The route is also numbered European route E121 and European route E40. The route is as follows:	AH63	Russia	Uzbekistan
country	Domalapenta is a village on the left side of Srisailam Project, situated in Nallamala Hills of Mahabubnagar district, Telangana, India.	Domalapenta	India
country	Diky Greben (Russian: Дикий гребень) is a lava dome complex located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula, Russia.	Diky Greben	Russia
country	Nushan-e Olya (Persian: نوشان عليا‎, also Romanized as Nūshān-e ``Olyā; also kown as Nūshān) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 37 families.	Nushan-e Olya	Iran
country	Dolenje Poljane (pronounced (doˈleːnjɛ pɔˈljaːnɛ)) is a settlement in the hills southeast of Stari Trg pri Ložu in the Municipality of Loška Dolina in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Dolenje Poljane	Slovenia
country	Judeir-jo-daro, also known as Damb Judeir, is an archaeological site dating back to the Harappan period in Balochistan, Pakistan.	Judeir-jo-daro	Pakistan
country	Viale Aventino is a street that links Piazza di Porta Capena and Piazza Albania in Rome (Italy).	Viale Aventino	Italy
country	Lake Abitibi (French: Lac Abitibi) is a lake in northeastern Ontario and western Quebec, Canada.	Lake Abitibi	Canada
country	Piaszczyce (pjaʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Piaszczyce	Poland
country	Amealco de Bonfil Municipality is a municipality in Querétaro in central Mexico.	Amealco de Bonfil Municipality	Mexico
country	Holy Trinity University is a dynamic center of Catholic education in Palawan, Philippines.	Holy Trinity University	Philippines
country	Addi Remets or Adi Ramets (Amharic ``Village of the Hot Sands'') is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Addi Remets	Ethiopia
country	The Museum of Photography, Seoul is a photography museum in Bangi-dong, Songpa-gu, Seoul, South Korea.	Museum of Photography, Seoul	South Korea
country	Fuquan Olympic School (traditional Chinese: 福泉奧林匹克學校; simplified Chinese: 福泉奥林匹克学校) is a co-educational, private school, located in the town of Duruan in Jiangmen, Guangdong Province, People's Republic of China.	Fuquan Olympic School	People's Republic of China
country	Jijad (Persian: جيجاد‎, also Romanized as Jījād) is a village in Banaft Rural District, Dodangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jijad	Iran
country	Khajan-e Chahar Dang (Persian: خاجان چهاردانگ‎, also Romanized as Khājān-e Chahār Dāng) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khajan-e Chahar Dang	Iran
country	Bátorová (Hungarian: Bátorfalu) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia.	Bátorová	Slovakia
country	Between 1504 and 1492 BC Thutmosis I campaigned north into Syria against the Mitanni, a vassal of the Hittites and, along with Aram, an ally of Kadesh.	Kadesh	Syria
country	China CITIC Bank Mansion (Chinese: 中信银行大厦), formerly Zhong Tian Plaza (Chinese: 中天广场) is a 59-floor/229-meter tall skyscraper in Urumqi, Xinjiang, People's Republic of China.	Zhong Tian Plaza	People's Republic of China
country	The Canadian Air Transport Security Authority (CATSA) (French: Administration canadienne de la sûreté du transport aérien, or ACSTA) is a Canadian Crown corporation responsible for the security screening at the 89 designated airports in Canada.	Canadian Air Transport Security Authority	Canada
country	The Free-thinking Democratic League (Dutch: Vrijzinnig Democratische Bond, VDB) was a progressive liberal political party in the Netherlands.	Free-thinking Democratic League	Netherlands
country	Children's University (Hindi: चिल्ड्रेन्स यूनिवर्सिटी), is a State university in the city of Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India.	Children's University	India
country	Bernouilli Conservation Reserve is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia near the headland of Cape Jaffa about 21 kilometres (13 mi) south west of the township of Kingston SE.	Bernouilli Conservation Reserve	Australia
country	Silfiac (Breton: Silieg) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Silfiac	France
country	Lozova (Ukrainian: Лозова́) or Lozovaya (Russian: Лозова́я) is a city in the Kharkiv Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Lozova	Ukraine
country	Jebchit (in Arabic جبشيت) is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River.	Jebchit	Lebanon
country	Dongan-gu is a district of the city of Anyang in Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Dongan-gu	South Korea
country	Celada de Roblecedo (Spanish: Celada de Roblecedo) is a town located in the province of Palencia, in the Palencia, northern Spain.	Celada de Roblecedo	Spain
country	Lac-des-Écorces Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CTV2), is located on Lac-des-Écorces, Quebec, Canada and is open from May until the middle of November.	Lac-des-Écorces Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Nowe Resko (ˈnɔvɛ ˈrɛskɔ) (formerly German Ritzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nowe Resko	Poland
country	RusLine (Russian: Авиакомпания ``РусЛайн'') is a regional airline from Russia, which operates mostly domestic regional flights, as well as holiday charters.	RusLine	Russia
country	Linda Vista University (Spanish: Universidad Linda Vista) is a private university in the state of Chiapas in southern Mexico.	Linda Vista University	Mexico
country	Mont Aigoual (Occitan: Mont Augal, elevation 1567m / 5141 ft) is the highest point of the Gard département, France.	Mont Aigoual	France
country	SMK Seri Kembangan is a school located in Seri Kembangan, Selangor, Malaysia, on top of a hill in Bukit Serdang.	SMK Seri Kembangan	Malaysia
country	The Uhaitxa or Gave de Sainte-Engrâce, is a torrential river of the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques), in the Southwest of France.	Uhaitxa	France
country	Sodevci (pronounced (sɔˈdeːu̯tsi); in older sources also Sodevce, German: Schöpfenlag) is a settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River south of Stari Trg ob Kolpi in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Sodevci	Slovenia
country	The Thune Dam is a dam on the Thune River in Botswana that was under construction in 2012.	Thune Dam	Botswana
country	Irsina Cathedral (Italian: Cattedrale di Santa Maria Assunta, Duomo di Irsina), formerly Montepeloso Cathedral, is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, located in Irsina in the region of Basilicata, Italy.	Irsina Cathedral	Italy
country	Beneixama (Valencian pronunciation: (benejˈʃama), locally: (beniˈʃama). Spanish: Benejama) is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Vinalopó in the north of Alicante province, Valencian Community, Spain.	Beneixama	Spain
country	Dehdez (Persian: حسينيه‎, also Romanized as Dehdaz and Deh-e Dez; also known as Deh Diz) is a city in and the capital of Dehdez District, in Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dehdez	Iran
country	Cascade Beverages is a non-alcoholic range of drinks that are manufactured and sold in Australia.	Cascade Beverages	Australia
country	Korsze (ˈkɔrʂɛ) (German: Korschen, Lithuanian: Kuršiai) is a town in Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland, with 4,724 inhabitants (2004).	Korsze	Poland
country	Bezdružice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈbɛzdruʒɪtsɛ); German: Weseritz) is a town in Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Bezdružice	Czech Republic
country	Moghestan-e Akbar (Persian: مغستان اكبر‎, also Romanized as Moghestān-e Akbar; also known as Moghestān) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Moghestan-e Akbar	Iran
country	The Federal Foreign Office (German: Auswärtiges Amt ), abbreviated AA, is the foreign ministry of the Federal Republic of Germany, a federal agency responsible for both the country's foreign politics and its relationship with the European Union.	Federal Foreign Office	Germany
country	Athinaio (Greek: Αθήναιο, before 1928: Αλήκα - Alika) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece.	Athinaio	Greece
country	The Plaza de Toros de El Bibio is a bullring located in Gijón, Asturias, Spain.	Plaza de Toros de El Bibio	Spain
country	Étang d'Araing is a lake in Couserans, Ariège department, France.	Étang d'Araing	France
country	Lady Alice Falls is a tall waterfall in Fiordland, New Zealand.	Lady Alice Falls	New Zealand
country	Rudbar (Persian: رودبار‎‎, rudbâr) (Tati: روبار, rubâr) is a city in and the capital of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rudbar	Iran
country	The Humber Keel was a type of sail craft used for inshore and inland cargo transport around Hull and the Humber Estuary, in the United Kingdom, particularly through the late 19th and early 20th centuries.	Humber Keel	United Kingdom
country	The Kėdainiai minaret is the only free-standing minaret in Lithuania.	Kėdainiai minaret	Lithuania
country	The Sandy Hollow Landfill or Barrie Landfill is a landfill located near Barrie, Ontario in Canada.	Sandy Hollow Landfill	Canada
country	Låsby is a small town in the province of Jutland in Denmark with a population of 1,910 (1 January 2014).	Låsby	Denmark
country	Regensburg Hauptbahnhof is the main railway station in the city of Regensburg in southern Germany.	Regensburg Hauptbahnhof	Germany
country	Wahlern is a former municipality of the canton of Bern in Switzerland and seat of the Bern-Mittelland administrative district.	Wahlern	Switzerland
country	Tucks Reef is a small rocky island, with an area of 1.14 ha, in south-eastern Australia.	Tucks Reef	Australia
country	Kaluga (Grabtsevo) Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Калуга ``Грабцево'') (IATA: KLF, ICAO: UUBC) is an international airport, located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northeast of Kaluga, Russia.	Kaluga (Grabtsevo) Airport	Russia
country	Brežec pri Divači (pronounced (ˈbɾeːʒəts pɾi diˈʋaːtʃi); Italian: Brese) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Brežec pri Divači	Slovenia
country	Loukrounou (Greek: Λουκρούνου) is an abandoned village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 3 km north of Miliou.	Loukrounou	Cyprus
country	Popradské pleso (once called Rybie pleso) is a mountain lake of glacial origin located in the High Tatras, Slovakia.	Popradské pleso	Slovakia
country	Diven (Persian: ديون‎, also Romanized as Dīven) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Diven	Iran
country	Đa Nhim River (also Krong Pha or Song Pha) is a river in huyện Lạc Dương, Lâm Đồng Province, Vietnam.	Đa Nhim River	Vietnam
country	Réal (Catalan: Real) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Réal	France
country	Pakuranga College is a co-educational secondary school in east Auckland, New Zealand.	Pakuranga College	New Zealand
country	Château-du-Loir is a commune in the Sarthe département in the Pays de la Loire region in north-western France.	Château-du-Loir	France
country	Stara Syniava (Ukrainian: Стара Синява) is an urban-type settlement in Khmelnytskyi Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Stara Syniava	Ukraine
country	Istgah-e Neqab (Persian: ايستگاه نقاب‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Neqāb) is a village in Bala Jowayin Rural District, in the Central District of Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Neqab	Iran
country	Molango (officially Molango de Escamilla ) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Molango	Mexico
country	Eupen-Malmedy or Eupen-Malmédy, also known as the East Cantons (German: Ostkantone; French: Cantons de l'Est; Dutch: Oostkantons) within Belgium, is a geographical area and group of cantons in eastern Belgium.	Eupen-Malmedy	Belgium
country	The Bank of England, formally the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, is the central bank of the United Kingdom and the model on which most modern central banks have been based.	Bank of England	United Kingdom
country	Karlobag (Italian: Carlopago) is a historic and picturesque seaside municipality on the Adriatic coast in Croatia, located underneath Velebit overlooking the island of Pag, west of Gospić and south of Senj.	Karlobag	Croatia
country	Mustafaağalı (also, Mustafaagaly) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Mustafaağalı	Azerbaijan
country	The Croatian Democratic Union 1990 (Croatian: Hrvatska demokratska zajednica 1990, HDZ 1990) is a political party of Croats in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Croatian Democratic Union 1990	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Gibelacher is a town close to Merligen in Berner Oberland, Switzerland.	Gibelacher	Switzerland
country	Uzarići (Serbian: Узарићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Uzarići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Swiss Information Centre for Cultural Heritage Conservation (Nationale Informationsstelle für Kulturgüter-Erhaltung, abbreviated ``NIKE''), is a Swiss association that advocates cultural heritage conservation in Switzerland.	Swiss Information Centre for Cultural Heritage Conservation	Switzerland
country	Pachyammos (Greek: Παχύαμμος) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located just west of the Kokkina exclave.	Pachyammos	Cyprus
country	Beffe (Walloon: Bêfe) is a village in the municipality of Rendeux, in the province of Luxembourg, Belgium.	Beffe	Belgium
country	Rasząg (ˈraʂɔnk) (German Raschung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rasząg	Poland
country	Mâcon Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Vincent de Mâcon) is a Roman Catholic church and former cathedral in Mâcon, Burgundy, France.	Mâcon Cathedral	France
country	Līdumnieki parish (Latvian: Līdumnieku pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Cibla Municipality, Latvia.	Līdumnieki parish	Latvia
country	Nyköpingsbro is a rest area with restaurant, located near the E4 motorway southwest of the town Nyköping in Sweden.	Nyköpingsbro	Sweden
country	Colera is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain, on the Costa Brava.	Colera	Spain
country	Kampong Sungai Teraban is a village (kampong) in Brunei.	Kampong Sungai Teraban	Brunei
country	Achna (Greek: Άχνα; Turkish: Düzce) is an abandoned village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus.	Achna	Cyprus
country	Əvilə (also, Avelya and Avilya) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Əvilə	Azerbaijan
country	Its publisher was Klassa Bulgaria EAD.	Klassa	Bulgaria
country	Montbonnot-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France and a suburb of Grenoble.	Montbonnot-Saint-Martin	France
country	Villanueva de las Peras (Spanish pronunciation: (biʎaˈnweβa ðe las ˈpeɾas)) is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain.	Villanueva de las Peras	Spain
country	Hamarkənd (also, Amarkend) is a village and municipality in the Yardymli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Hamarkənd	Azerbaijan
country	The Los Pelambres mine is a large copper mine located in the central-northern of Chile in Coquimbo Region.	Los Pelambres mine	Chile
country	Bayram Qalehsi (Persian: بايرام قلعه سي‎, also Romanized as Bāyrām Qal``ehsī; also known as Bīrām Qal``ehsī) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 37, in 8 families.	Bayram Qalehsi	Iran
country	Kounina (Greek: Κουνινά) is a village in the municipal unit of Aigio, Achaea, Greece.	Kounina	Greece
country	Xirivella (Valencian pronunciation: (tʃiɾiˈveʎa)) is a municipality in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Xirivella	Spain
country	Pameče (pronounced (ˈpaːmɛtʃɛ)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia.	Pameče	Slovenia
country	Acapella Audio Arts is a German manufacturer of loudspeakers, and one of the oldest hi-fi manufactures in Germany.	Acapella Audio Arts	Germany
country	The Canton of Avesnes-le-Comte is a canton situated in the department of the Pas-de-Calais and in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais-Picardie region of northern France.	Canton of Avesnes-le-Comte	France
country	The Kolomna Speed Skating Center (Russian: Коломенский центр конькобежного спорта) is an 6,150-seat indoor speed skating oval in Kolomna, Russia, also known as the Kometa Ice Rink.	Kolomna Speed Skating Center	Russia
country	The Haddas River (alt. Hadas River) is a seasonal river in Eritrea.	Haddas River	Eritrea
country	Lake Tengrela is a small lake near Banfora in Burkina Faso.	Lake Tengrela	Burkina Faso
country	Tizi N'Tacheddirt is a small village high up (2314 m) in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco.	Tizi N'Tacheddirt	Morocco
country	During the Second World War Defence Regulations were a fundamental aspect of everyday life in the United Kingdom.	Defence Regulations	United Kingdom
country	Jish (Arabic: الجش‎; Hebrew: גִ'שׁ, גּוּשׁ חָלָב‎, Gush Halav) is a town in Upper Galilee, located on the northeastern slopes of Mount Meron, 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north of Safed, in Israel's North District.	Jish	Israel
country	Nkpor is a town in Idemili North local government area of Anambra state, southeastern Nigeria.	Nkpor	Nigeria
country	Loma Plata is a city in the district, distrito, of Department of Boquerón, Paraguay.	Loma Plata	Paraguay
country	Ilonggo Grill is a fast food chain in the Philippines serving food originating mostly from the Ilonggo region.	Ilonggo Grill	Philippines
country	The National Concert Hall (NCH) (Irish: An Ceoláras Náisiúnta) is a concert hall located on Earlsfort Terrace in Dublin, Ireland, close to St. Stephen's Green, and is the principal national venue for classical music concerts in Ireland.	National Concert Hall	Ireland
country	Sanghar Taluka is an administrative subdivision (taluka) of Sanghar District in the Sindh province of Pakistan, the city of Sanghar is the district headquarter of district Sanghar.	Sanghar Taluka	Pakistan
country	The Ottawa and District Labour Council or ODLC (French name Conseil du Travail d’Ottawa et du District or CTOD) is the central labour body for Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Ottawa and District Labour Council	Canada
country	Byszewo-Wygoda (bɨˈʂɛvɔ vɨˈɡɔda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Byszewo-Wygoda	Poland
country	Paška Vas (Slovene: Paška vas) is a settlement on the right bank of the Paka River in the Municipality of Šmartno ob Paki in northern Slovenia.	Paška Vas	Slovenia
country	Transylvania (Romanian: Transilvania or Ardeal, Hungarian: Erdély, German: Siebenbürgen or Transsilvanien, Polish: Siedmiogród, Latin: Transsilvania, Turkish: Erdel) is a historical region in the central part of Romania.	Transylvania	Romania
country	Balarbisheh (Persian: بلربيشه‎, also Romanized as Balarbīsheh) is a village in Dehdasht-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Balarbisheh	Iran
country	Seongdong market is the largest traditional market in Gyeongju, North Gyeongsang province, South Korea.	Seongdong market	South Korea
country	Ekwulumili is a town in the Nnewi South Local Government Area of the Nnewi county of Anambra State, Nigeria.	Ekwulumili	Nigeria
country	The Louwman Museum is a museum for historic cars, coaches, and motorcycles in The Hague, Netherlands.	Louwman Museum	Netherlands
country	Karw (karf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Malechowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Karw	Poland
country	Nelspruit Airport is an airport in Nelspruit, South Africa (IATA: NLP, ICAO: FANS).	Nelspruit Airport	South Africa
country	Jask (Persian: جاسک‎, also Romanized as Jāsk; also Bandar-e Jask (Persian: بَندَرِ جاسک‎), also Romanized as Bandar-e Jāsk) is a city in and the capital of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Jask	Iran
country	``Hatikvah'' (Hebrew: הַתִּקְוָה, pronounced (hatikˈva), lit. English: ``The Hope'') is the national anthem of Israel.	Hatikvah	Israel
country	Nuestra Señora de las Fuentes is a Carthusian monastery in Sariñena, province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain.	Nuestra Señora de las Fuentes	Spain
country	Elim Aboriginal Mission, Queensland was an Aboriginal mission in Queensland, Australia.	Elim Aboriginal Mission, Queensland	Australia
country	Lac du Jotty is a reservoir at La Baume in Haute-Savoie, France.	Lac du Jotty	France
country	Aguaruto (Spanish pronunciation: (aɣwaˈɾuto)) is a small town just west of the larger city of Culiacán, Sinaloa, Mexico.	Aguaruto	Mexico
country	As of 9 February 2010, the US 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit was rotating out of Haiti, having been replaced by the US 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit, in their position on USS Bataan and Carrefour, Léogâne, Petit-Goâve, and Grand-Goâve.	Léogâne	Haiti
country	The Maria Gugging Psychiatric Clinic, known as Gugging, is a psychiatric institution located on the outskirts of Vienna, Austria.	Gugging	Austria
country	Central Kings Rural High School (CKRHS) is a secondary school located in Cambridge, Kings County, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Central Kings Rural High School	Canada
country	Proczki (ˈprɔt͡ʂki) (German: Ludwigsthal) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Proczki	Poland
country	Trim Castle (Irish: Caisleán Bhaile Atha Troim) is a Norman castle on the south bank of the River Boyne in Trim, County Meath, Ireland.	Trim Castle	Ireland
country	Bergslagen is a historically, culturally, and linguistically distinct mining district located north of Lake Mälaren in northern Svealand, Sweden.	Bergslagen	Sweden
country	Gorenji Suhadol (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji suxaˈdoːu̯) or (ɡɔˈɾeːnji suˈhaːdɔu̯)) is a settlement in the foothills of the Gorjanci Range in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Gorenji Suhadol	Slovenia
country	Biała Podlaska (ˈbʲawa pɔdˈlaska) (Ukrainian: Біла Bila, Latin: Alba Ducalis), is a city in eastern Poland with 58,047 inhabitants (2005).	Biała Podlaska	Poland
country	Tynda (Russian: Ты́нда) is a town in Amur Oblast, Russia, located 568 kilometers (353 mi) northwest of Blagoveshchensk.	Tynda	Russia
country	Aristotelous Square (Greek: Πλατεία Αριστοτέλους, IPA: (plaˈtia aristoˈtelus), Aristotle Square) is the main city square of Thessaloniki, Greece and is located on Nikis avenue (on the city's waterfront), in the city center.	Aristotelous Square	Greece
country	Sangyab Sar (Persian: سنگ يابسر‎, also Romanized as Sangyāb Sar; also known as Sang Kīāb Sar) is a village in Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District, Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sangyab Sar	Iran
country	Wienpietschseen is a group of lakes in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Wienpietschseen	Germany
country	Czchów (t͡ʂxuf) (Yiddish: טשיכוב-Chekhoiv) is a town in Brzesko County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, Poland, with 2,205 inhabitants (2004).	Czchów	Poland
country	Greater San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca is an urban agglomeration around the city of San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca in Catamarca Province, Argentina.	Greater San Fernando del Valle de Catamarca	Argentina
country	The Bonis Peninsula is a narrow peninsula located on Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea, at the north of the island.	Bonis Peninsula	Papua New Guinea
country	Lukov Castle is a large ruin of a Gothic royal castle located in the southwest of Hostýnské Vrchy, near Zlín, Czech Republic.	Lukov Castle	Czech Republic
country	Slonim (Belarusian: Сло́нім, Russian: Сло́ним, Polish: Słonim, Yiddish: סלאנים‎, Slonim) is a city in Grodno Region, Belarus, capital of the Slonim district.	Slonim	Belarus
country	The Route nationale 4 is a trunk road (nationale) in France between Paris and the frontier with Germany.	Route nationale 4	France
country	Tskhenistsqali (Georgian: ცხენისწყალი) is a river in northern Georgia.	Tskhenistsqali	Georgia
country	Āne is a large village in Ozolnieki Municipality, Latvia.	Āne	Latvia
country	Mado Hot Spring National Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in barangay Awang in the municipality of Datu Odin Sinsuat, Maguindanao in Mindanao Island.	Mado Hot Spring National Park	Philippines
country	Law and Justice (Polish: Prawo i Sprawiedliwość ), abbreviated to PiS, is a right-wing conservative political party in Poland.	Law and Justice	Poland
country	The Tjärnö Marine Biological Laboratory is a marine biology field station in Sweden.	Tjärnö Marine Biological Laboratory	Sweden
country	AEK Arena was a football stadium project in West Attica, Greece.	AEK Arena	Greece
country	Marwałd (ˈmarvau̯t) (German Marwalde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrówno, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marwałd	Poland
country	Chinatola Bazaar is a large bazaar and important business hub in Manirampur Upazila, Bangladesh.	Chinatola Bazaar	Bangladesh
country	Khairkhan (Mongolian: Хайрхан, mountain) is a sum (district) of Arkhangai Province in central Mongolia.	Khairkhan	Mongolia
country	Elk Haus (UCI Team Code: ELK) was a professional continental cycling team based in Austria and participates in UCI Europe Tour and when selected as a wildcard to UCI ProTour events.	Elk Haus	Austria
country	Fogliano Redipuglia lies at the eastern end of the shifting front of the Italian Campaign against Austria-Hungary (and Germany) in World War I, and today is home to Italy's largest war memorial on Monte Sei Busi in Redipuglia.	Fogliano Redipuglia	Italy
country	Celendín is a town in northern Peru, capital of the province Celendín in the region Cajamarca.	Celendín	Peru
country	Largo di Torre Argentina is a square in Rome, Italy, that hosts four Republican Roman temples, and the remains of Pompey's Theatre.	Largo di Torre Argentina	Italy
country	Paine Mansel Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto de Paine Mansel, ICAO: SCMN) is a public use airport located 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-southwest of Paine, Santiago Metropolitan, Chile.	Paine Mansel Airport	Chile
country	Krousa (Greek: Κρούσα) is a settlement in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece.	Krousa	Greece
country	The Conjunto Urbano Nonoalco Tlatelolco is the largest apartment complex in Mexico, and second largest in North America, after New York's Co-op City.	Conjunto Urbano Nonoalco Tlatelolco	Mexico
country	Igboland (Standard Igbo: Àlà Ị̀gbò), also known as Southeastern Nigeria is a non-governmental cultural region and a linguistic area in Nigeria that is defined by the Igbo culture and language.	Igboland	Nigeria
country	The Hunnestad Monument (Swedish: Hunnestadsmonumentet), listed as DR 282 through 286 in the Rundata catalog, was once located at Hunnestad in Marsvinsholm north-west of Ystad, Sweden.	Hunnestad Monument	Sweden
country	The Moree Champion, previously published as the North West Champion, is a bi-weekly English language newspaper published in the Shire of Moree, New South Wales, Australia.	Moree Champion	Australia
country	Lliçà de Vall (Spanish: Llissá de Vall) is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain in the province of Barcelona in the comarca, Valles Oriental.	Lliçà de Vall	Spain
country	Kisar, also known as Yotowawa, is a small island in the Southwestern Moluccas in Indonesia.	Kisar	Indonesia
country	Bârgăuani (Hungarian: Bargován) is a commune in Neamţ County, Romania.	Bârgăuani	Romania
country	Sibisa Airport (IATA: SIW, ICAO: WIMP) is an airport located in Ajibata, Toba Samosir, North Sumatra, Indonesia.	Sibisa Airport	Indonesia
country	Vidovo Selo (Serbian: Видово Село) is a village in the municipality of Drvar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Vidovo Selo	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Musée de Montmartre is located in Montmartre, at 8-14 rue Cortot in the XVIII arrondissement of Paris, France.	Musée de Montmartre	France
country	Adān is a residential area of Mubarak Al-Kabeer Governorate in Kuwait.	Adān	Kuwait
country	Mazraeh-ye Sadeqiyeh (Persian: مزرعه صادقيه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Şādeqīyeh) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 28, in 6 families.	Mazraeh-ye Sadeqiyeh	Iran
country	Mabalingwe Nature Reserve, is located 38 km west of Bela Bela, in the Limpopo province of South Africa, and is about 12,000 hectare in area.	Mabalingwe Nature Reserve	South Africa
country	On 22 August 2009, Ugo Verni (49), a player from Bagnone won an estimated €146.9 million (£128 million / US$211 million) in Italy's SuperEnalotto.	Bagnone	Italy
country	Evangelos & Liza is a classical guitar duo from Greece consisting of Evangelos Assimakopoulos, born in Agrinion, Greece on 10 September 1940 and Liza Zoe, born in Missolonghi, Greece on 8 August 1940.	Evangelos & Liza	Greece
country	Bujakowszczyzna (bujakɔfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) (Ukrainian: Буяківщина, Buyakivshchyna) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Bujakowszczyzna	Poland
country	The Heian Palace was the original imperial palace of Heian-kyō (present-day Kyoto), the capital of Japan, from 794 to 1227.	Heian Palace	Japan
country	The Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works (German: Dampflokwerk Meiningen) is a railway repair shop in Meiningen, Germany.	Meiningen Steam Locomotive Works	Germany
country	Hlaponci (pronounced (ˈxlaːpɔntsi)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Juršinci in northeastern Slovenia.	Hlaponci	Slovenia
country	The 100 Mile House Wranglers are a junior 'B' ice hockey team based in 100 Mile House, British Columbia, Canada.	100 Mile House Wranglers	Canada
country	Telemark University College (TUC, Norwegian: Høgskolen i Telemark, HiT) was the fourth largest university college in Norway.	Telemark University College	Norway
country	Kolenkit District (Dutch: Kolenkitbuurt) is a neighbourhood in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Kolenkit District	Netherlands
country	Kateh Kareh (Persian: كته كره‎) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kateh Kareh	Iran
country	Dwejra Tower (Maltese: Torri tad-Dwejra), sometimes known as Qawra Tower (Maltese: Torri tal-Qawra), is a small watchtower in Dwejra Bay, limits of San Lawrenz on the island of Gozo in Malta.	Dwejra Tower	Malta
country	Sæle Church (Norwegian: Sæle kyrkje) is a parish church in Balestrand Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Sæle Church	Norway
country	Saint-Goazec (Sant-Wazeg in Breton ) in commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Saint-Goazec	France
country	Nietrzanowo (ɲetʂaˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Nietrzanowo	Poland
country	San Sebastián Airport (IATA: EAS, ICAO: LESO) is the airport serving San Sebastián in Basque Country, Spain.	San Sebastián Airport	Spain
country	Halluin (French pronunciation: ​(alɥɛ̃); Dutch: Halewijn) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.	Halluin	France
country	Wujek Coal Mine (Polish: Kopalnia Wujek) is a coal mine in Katowice, Poland.	Wujek Coal Mine	Poland
country	The Berserker Range is a mountainous region located on the eastern and northeastern boundary of the city of Rockhampton in Central Queensland, Australia.	Berserker Range	Australia
country	The Berekum Municipal District is one of the twenty-two (22) districts of the Brong Ahafo Region of Ghana.	Berekum Municipal District	Ghana
country	The Arrondissement of Ath (French: Arrondissement d'Ath; Dutch: Arrondissement Aat) is one of the seven administrative arrondissements in the Province of Hainaut, Belgium.	Arrondissement of Ath	Belgium
country	Neculăieuca is a commune in Orhei district, Moldova.	Neculăieuca	Moldova
country	Firuzkuh County (Persian: شهرستان فیروزکوه‎) is a county in Tehran Province in Iran.	Firuzkuh County	Iran
country	Islamic Center of Daejeon (ICD; Hangul: 대전 이슬람 센터) was established in December 2006 and located in Yuseong-gu, Daejeon, South Korea.	Islamic Center of Daejeon	South Korea
country	Šentjanž nad Štorami (pronounced (ʃɛnˈtjaːnʃ nat ˈʃtoːɾami) or (ʃənˈtjaːnʃ nat ˈʃtoːɾami)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Štore in eastern Slovenia.	Šentjanž nad Štorami	Slovenia
country	Lillestrøm is a town located some 18 km east-northeast of Oslo, the capital city of Norway.	Lillestrøm	Norway
country	The People's National Movement (PNM) is the present-day governing political party in Trinidad and Tobago.	People's National Movement	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Maene is a piano and harpsichord manufacturer based in Ruiselede, Belgium.	Maene	Belgium
country	Lesko Synagogue is a synagogue in Lesko, Poland.	Lesko Synagogue	Poland
country	Newcastle West (Irish: an Caisleán Nua Thiar) or simply Newcastle (an Caisleán Nua, formerly anglicized Castlenoe) is a town in west County Limerick, Ireland.	Newcastle West	Ireland
country	Égat (Catalan: Èguet) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Égat	France
country	Abarjes (Persian: ابرجس‎, also Romanized as Abarjas and Abarjīs; also known as Abrjish) is a village in Kahak Rural District, Kahak District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Abarjes	Iran
country	University of Isfahan (UI) (Persian: دانشگاه اصفهان Dāneshgāh-e Esfāhān) is a state-operated university in Isfahan and among the top 10 comprehensive universities of Iran.	University of Isfahan	Iran
country	Old Dongola (Old Nubian: Tungul; Arabic: Dunqulah al-ʿAjūz‎) is a deserted town in Sudan located on the east bank of the Nile opposite the Wadi Al-Malik.	Old Dongola	Sudan
country	Siteki Airfield (ICAO: FDST ) is an airstrip serving Siteki, in Swaziland.	Siteki Airfield	Swaziland
country	The Buccaneer Archipelago is a group of islands off the coast of Western Australia near the town of Derby in the Kimberley region.	Buccaneer Archipelago	Australia
country	Aganoa Beach is situated on the east coast of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Aganoa Beach	Samoa
country	Moretele is a town in Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.	Moretele	South Africa
country	Mount Goodall is a mountain in east-central British Columbia, Canada, located near the headwaters of the Clearwater River.	Mount Goodall	Canada
country	Aghavoher (from Irish: Achadh an Mhothair, meaning ``field of the trees or mound'') is a townland in the civil parish of Tomregan, County Cavan, Ireland.	Aghavoher	Ireland
country	The E10 European long distance path or E10 path is one of the European long-distance paths, running from Finland through Germany, the Czech Republic, Austria, Italy and France to finish at Tarifa on the south coast of Spain.	E10 European long distance path	Austria	Italy	France	Spain
country	Tutha Llipiña (Aymara tutha moth, llipiña to catch birds with a trap, also spelled Tutallipina) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru, about 5,200 metres (17,060 ft) high.	Tutha Llipiña	Peru
country	The Korea Central Zoo, also referred to as the Pyongyang Central Zoo, is the national zoo of North Korea.	Korea Central Zoo	North Korea
country	Biljača (Cyrillic: Биљача) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Biljača	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Ikuta Dam (Japanese: 生田ダム ) is a dam in Nagano Prefecture, Japan.	Ikuta Dam	Japan
country	Dovlići (Serbian: Довлићи) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Dovlići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Deh Kohneh-ye Halu Saad (Persian: ده كهنه هلو سعد‎, also Romanized as Deh Kohneh-ye Halū Saʿad; also known as Deh Kohneh) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Deh Kohneh-ye Halu Saad	Iran
country	Surf Snowdonia is an artificial wave pool at Dolgarrog in the Conwy valley, north Wales, owned by Conwy Adventure Leisure Ltd. It is the world's first commercial artificial surfing lake and the United Kingdom's only artificial surfing lake.	Surf Snowdonia	United Kingdom
country	Dobry Brat (ˈdɔbrɨ ˈbrat) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dobry Brat	Poland
country	The West Cornwall Bryophytes Site of Special Scientific Interest is a group of seven locations of former mining activity, that form a single SSSI and Important Plant Area in western Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	West Cornwall Bryophytes Site of Special Scientific Interest	United Kingdom
country	Urodan (Russian: Уродан; Sakha: Уродан) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of two settlements in Berezovsky National Nomadic Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Berezovka, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug.	Urodan	Russia
country	Ahmadabad-e Atayi (Persian: احمدابادعطائي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e ʿAṭāyī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Atayi	Iran
country	Zadlog (pronounced (ˈzaːdlɔk) or (zaˈdloːk)) is a settlement northwest of Črni Vrh in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Zadlog	Slovenia
country	Matihetihe is a community in the Hokianga area of Northland, New Zealand.	Matihetihe	New Zealand
country	Rockefeller Music Hall, ordinarily referred to simply as Rockefeller, is a concert venue in downtown Oslo, Norway.	Rockefeller Music Hall	Norway
country	Lacs de Clairvaux are two lakes at Clairvaux-les-Lacs in the Jura department of France.	Lacs de Clairvaux	France
country	Derebeyli (also, Derebegly) is a village in the Goygol Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Derebeyli	Azerbaijan
country	Kristianstad Airport (IATA: KID, ICAO: ESMK) is situated outside Kristianstad in Scania, Sweden.	Kristianstad Airport	Sweden
country	Chactunx is a settlement in the municipality of Maxcanú in Yucatán state, Mexico.	Chactunx	Mexico
country	Kolpashevo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Колпашево) (ICAO: UNLL) is an airport in Russia located 3 km northeast of Kolpashevo.	Kolpashevo Airport	Russia
country	Arrenes (Greek: Αρρένες) is a former community in Kastoria regional unit, West Macedonia, Greece.	Arrenes	Greece
country	Stockholm (/ˈstɒkhoʊm, -hoʊlm/; Swedish pronunciation: (ˈstɔkːˈɔlm, ˈstɔkˈhɔlm) ( pronunciation)) is the capital of Sweden and the most populous city in the Nordic region, with 921,504 people living in the municipality, approximately 1.4 million in the urban area, and 2.2 million in the metropolitan area.	Stockholm	Sweden
country	The Snoldelev Stone, listed as DR 248 in the Rundata catalog, is a 9th-century runestone that was originally located at Snoldelev, Ramsø, Denmark.	Snoldelev Stone	Denmark
country	Bechencha (Russian: Беченча) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Bechenchinsky Rural Okrug of Lensky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 49 kilometers (30 mi) from Lensk, the administrative center of the district.	Bechencha	Russia
country	Schiavi di Abruzzo is a hill town in the Apennine Mountains, in central part of the Italian Peninsula, in Italy.	Schiavi di Abruzzo	Italy
country	Nyakibale Hospital, is a private, non-profit, community hospital, in Nyakibale, in the town of Rukungiri, in Rukungiri District, in Uganda's Western Region.	Nyakibale Hospital	Uganda
country	Tasek Gelugor is the Bertam highway town that is located in North Seberang Perai, Penang, Malaysia.	Tasek Gelugor	Malaysia
country	The Botanischer Garten Kaiserberg (2 hectares) is a botanical garden located at Schweizer Straße 24, Duisburg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Botanischer Garten Kaiserberg	Germany
country	Dusatlat (Persian: دوست لات‎, also Romanized as Dūsatlāt; also known as Doselāt, Dūzārāt, and Dūzelāt) is a village in Khara Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dusatlat	Iran
country	Dəmirçidam (also, Dəmirçidamı and Demirchidam) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Dəmirçidam	Azerbaijan
country	The Gulf of Gonâve (French: Golfe de la Gonâve) is a large gulf along the western coast of Haiti.	Gulf of Gonâve	Haiti
country	Sar Kalandan (Persian: سركلاندن‎, also Romanized as Sar Kalāndan) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sar Kalandan	Iran
country	Sashegy (aka Sas-hegy, German: Adlerberg; lit. ``Eagle Hill'') is a hill and neighbourhood in Budapest, Hungary.	Sashegy	Hungary
country	Historic Masonic Temple of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, is a masonic temple located in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Canary Islands, Spain), on San Lucas street.	Masonic Temple of Santa Cruz de Tenerife	Spain
country	Pan Club Copenhagen (often just referred to as Pan) was a gay club in central Copenhagen, Denmark which closed in 2007 after having been in operation on various locations in Copenhagen since 1970.	Pan Club Copenhagen	Denmark
country	Gare Maritime de Dieppe was a railway station in the town of Dieppe, Seine-Maritime, France and was built by CF de l'Ouest in 1874.	Gare Maritime de Dieppe	France
country	The Rewanui Branch, sometimes referred to as the Rewanui Incline and known as the Point Elizabeth Branch in its early years, was a branch line railway located in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.	Rewanui Branch	New Zealand
country	Ciénega de Flores is a city and surrounding municipality located in Nuevo Leon, Mexico near Monterrey.	Ciénega de Flores	Mexico
country	The New Tivoli Theatre, Sydney, previously known as the Adelphi Theatre and the Grand Opera House, was a theatre and music hall at 329, Castlereagh Street, Sydney, Australia, which was long at the heart of the Tivoli circuit.	New Tivoli Theatre, Sydney	Australia
country	San Miguel Panán (Spanish pronunciation: (san miˈɣel paˈnan)) is a municipality in the Suchitepéquez department of Guatemala.	San Miguel Panán	Guatemala
country	Byala Slatina (Bulgarian: Бяла Слатина) is a town in Northwestern Bulgaria.	Byala Slatina	Bulgaria
country	The Great Melbourne Telescope was built by Thomas Grubb in Dublin, Ireland in 1868, and installed at the Melbourne Observatory in Melbourne, Australia in 1869.	Great Melbourne Telescope	Australia
country	The Autopista AP-51 (also known as Autopista Ávila - Villacastín and Conexión Ávila) is an autopista in the community of Castile and León, Spain.	Autopista AP-51	Spain
country	Budzieszowce (bud͡ʑɛˈʂɔft͡sɛ) (German: Korkenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Maszewo, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Budzieszowce	Poland
country	Ice Records is a record label based in Barbados owned by musician Eddy Grant.	Ice Records	Barbados
country	Tabbaya, Tobbaya, طبايا (Arabic: طبايا‎) is a town in the South Governorate in Lebanon.	Tabbaya	Lebanon
country	Ammeldingen an der Our (English: Ammeldingen on the Our) is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	Ammeldingen an der Our	Germany
country	Bourseul (Breton: Boursaout, Gallo: Bórsoeut) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in north-western France.	Bourseul	France
country	Posillipo is a residential quarter of Naples, southern Italy, located along the northern coast of the Gulf of Naples; it is called Pusilleco in the Neapolitan language.	Posillipo	Italy
country	The Kiewa Hydroelectric Scheme is the largest hydro-electric scheme in Victoria and the second largest in mainland Australia after the Snowy Mountains Scheme.	Kiewa Hydroelectric Scheme	Australia
country	Troldkirken is a Stone Age long barrow, situated near the village of Sønderholm, Denmark.	Troldkirken	Denmark
country	Łabapa (waˈbapa) (German: Labab) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Łabapa	Poland
country	Aj Bogd (Mongolian: Аж богд, lit. ``way of life the saint''), is a mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains and located in the Govi-Altai Province in Mongolia.	Aj Bogd	Mongolia
country	Bratków Górny (ˈbratkuf ˈɡurnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zadzim, within Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bratków Górny	Poland
country	Oeumsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Hoengseong, Gangwon-do in South Korea.	Oeumsan	South Korea
country	Castlehill (Irish: Caorthannán) is a townland and village near the west coast of Lough Conn in County Mayo, Ireland.	Castlehill	Ireland
country	Yau Tong Estate (Chinese: 油塘邨) is a public housing estate in Yau Tong, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, located near Yau Tong Station of the MTR.	Yau Tong Estate	Hong Kong
country	Mazraeh-ye Gachi Lik (Persian: مزرعه گچي ليك‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Gachī Līk) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Gachi Lik	Iran
country	Shahpur Jehanian is a town in Sindh, Pakistan between Daulatpur and Moro on the main N-5 National Highway.	Shahpur Jehanian	Pakistan
country	Mexican Federal Highway 35 (Carretera Federal 35) is the name given to two distinct highways in Mexico.	Mexican Federal Highway 35	Mexico
country	Wowetta is an indigenous village in the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region in Guyana inhabited by mostly Macushi people.	Wowetta	Guyana
country	Serishabad District (Persian: بخش سریش‌آباد‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Serishabad District	Iran
country	The World Pastry Cup (French:Coupe du Monde de la Pâtisserie) is an international pastry contest taking place every two years in Lyon, France.	World Pastry Cup	France
country	Pont-Rouge is a city along the Jacques-Cartier River in southern Quebec, Canada.	Pont-Rouge	Canada
country	Golyam Kupen (Bulgarian: Голям Купен) is a peak rising to 1,930 m in Vitosha Mountain, Bulgaria.	Golyam Kupen	Bulgaria
country	Pelathousa (Greek: Πελαθούσα) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus, located 5 km east of Polis Chrysochous.	Pelathousa	Cyprus
country	Nordhavnen, or Nordhavn, is a harbour area at the coast of the Øresund, founded at the end of the 19th century in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Nordhavnen	Denmark
country	Ydre Østerbro (lit. English: Outer Østerbro) is an area in Copenhagen, Denmark.	Ydre Østerbro	Denmark
country	Abhaypura is a village in Nawa tehsil of Nagaur District of Rajasthan state in India, named after Maharaja Abhay Singh of Marwar.	Abhaypura	India
country	Miniatürk is a miniature park situated at the north-eastern shore of Golden Horn in Istanbul, Turkey.	Miniatürk	Turkey
country	Turaida (Livonian: Toreida, German: Treiden; Treyden) is a part of Sigulda in the Vidzeme Region of Latvia.	Turaida	Latvia
country	Ahmadabad-e Kalateh (Persian: احمدابادكلاته‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Kalāteh) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Kalateh	Iran
country	Mingte Dam (Chinese: 明德水壩; pinyin: Míngdé Shuǐbà) is a rockfill dam across the Laotianliao River in central Touwu Township, Miaoli County, Taiwan.	Mingte Dam	Taiwan
country	Bengkalis Regency is a regency of Indonesia in the Riau province.	Bengkalis Regency	Indonesia
country	Unyanyembe is a town in Tanzania (formerly German East Africa).	Unyanyembe	Tanzania
country	Pandebu-Tokpombu is the eighth largest town of Sierra Leone and the second largest in the Kenema District, after its capital Kenema.	Pandebu-Tokpombu	Sierra Leone
country	Bogor Cathedral, formally the Cathedral of the Blessed Virgin Mary (Indonesian: Gereja Santa Perawan Maria), is a historic church building in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bogor in Bogor, Java, Indonesia.	Bogor Cathedral	Indonesia
country	Glion Institute of Higher Education is a hospitality business school with two campuses in Switzerland and a Glion London campus in the UK.	Glion Institute of Higher Education	Switzerland
country	Mau, now known as Maunath Bhanjan, is an industrial town in Uttar Pradesh, India, located nearly 120 km from Varanasi on the banks of Tamsa (Choti Saryu).	Mau	India
country	Mančiagirė is a village in Varėna district municipality, in Alytus County, in southeastern Lithuania.	Mančiagirė	Lithuania
country	Cautín Province was the last area to be occupied by Chile during the occupation of the Araucanía.	Cautín Province	Chile
country	The indigenous community of San Juan Soconusco (also spelled Xoconusco), is located in the municipality of Donato Guerra, in the State of Mexico.	San Juan Soconusco	Mexico
country	Eridu (Cuneiform: NUN.KI 𒉣𒆠; Sumerian: eriduki; Akkadian: irîtu modern Arabic: Tell Abu Shahrain) is an archaeological site in southern Mesopotamia (modern Dhi Qar Governorate, Iraq).	Eridu	Iraq
country	Wetan Island (or Wetang Island) is an island, part of the Babar Islands, in the Moluccas, Indonesia.	Wetan Island	Indonesia
country	Gourin (Breton: Gourin) is a commune in the Morbihan département of Brittany in north-western France.	Gourin	France
country	Sheykh Zaharav (Persian: شيخ زهراو‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Zaharāv) is a village in Karkheh Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sheykh Zaharav	Iran
country	The mud-fort of Kuchesar tells of the chequered history of the Jats who vied with the Sikhs, Marathas, Rohillas & Rajputs, as well as with French adventurers and the British East India Company, to fill the vacuum created by the decline of the Mughal empire.	Kuchesar	India
country	The Kan-irag Nature Park is a newly opened watershed and nature park in the uplands of Cebu City, Philippines.	Kan-irag Nature Park	Philippines
country	Roquebrune-Cap-Martin (Ròcabruna Caup Martin in Occitan, Roccabruna-Capo Martino in Italian) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France between Monaco and Menton.	Roquebrune-Cap-Martin	France
country	N'Guelbély (also: Nguel Bely, N'Guelbeyli, N'Guel Beyli) is a village and rural commune in Niger.	N'Guelbély	Niger
country	The Chott el Hodna (Arabic: شط الحضنة‎) is a very shallow saline lake in Algeria.	Chott el Hodna	Algeria
country	Tisiyeh (Persian: تيسيه‎, also Romanized as Tīsīyeh; also known as Tasīyeh, Teseyeh, and Tesīh) is a village in Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tisiyeh	Iran
country	The German Speleological Federation (German: Verband der deutschen Höhlen- und Karstforscher or VdHK) is an umbrella organisation for speleologists in Germany and a point of contact for the issues connected with caves and karst landscapes.	German Speleological Federation	Germany
country	Villa O'Higgins is a small town in the Aysén Region of southern Chile, located 220 km south of Cochrane and 550 km south of Coyhaique.	Villa O'Higgins	Chile
country	The Gothenburg School of Business, Economics and Law at the University of Gothenburg (Swedish: Handelshögskolan vid Göteborgs universitet) is a business school in Gothenburg, Sweden.	School of Business, Economics and Law	Sweden
country	Zbrui (Ukrainian: Збруї) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Zbrui	Ukraine
country	Pobiel (ˈpɔbjɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Pobiel	Poland
country	RandstadRail is a public transportation rapid transit network in the southern part of the Randstad conurbation in the west of the Netherlands, connecting The Hague, Zoetermeer and Rotterdam.	RandstadRail	Netherlands
country	Lillgrund Wind Farm is located about 10 km off the coast of southern Sweden, just south of the Öresund Bridge, where average wind speeds are 8 to 10 metres per second (26 to 33 ft/s).	Lillgrund Wind Farm	Sweden
country	Weather data has been recorded at Parks Canada in Ingonish Beach since 1950.	Ingonish	Canada
country	Bakhmach (Ukrainian: Бахмач) is a city located in the Chernihiv Oblast (province), in northern Ukraine.	Bakhmach	Ukraine
country	Cham Seyl (Persian: چم سيل‎; also known as Sorkheh Mehr and Sorkheh Mehrī) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Seyl	Iran
country	Guatavita is a municipality and town of Colombia in the Guavio Province of the Cundinamarca department.	Guatavita	Colombia
country	Since 2008 Bassivity Music is transformed in to Bassivity Music Group operating as international company with two branches Bassivity Digital - record label and production based in Belgrade, Serbia.	Bassivity Music	Serbia
country	Pucking is a small town in the Linz-Land district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Pucking	Austria
country	The Feldalphorn, also known as the Feldalpenhorn, is a 1,923 m above sea level (AA) high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Tyrol, Austria.	Feldalphorn	Austria
country	Mayerling is a small village (pop: 200) in Lower Austria belonging to the municipality of Alland in the district of Baden.	Mayerling	Austria
country	El Calabozo cove is a coastal accident located at northern tip of South America, at western Gulf of Venezuela, the country's namesake.	El Calabozo cove	Venezuela
country	Dasht-e Ban (Persian: دشت بن‎) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Ban	Iran
country	Kouloudiengué is village and principal settlement (chef-lieu) of the commune of Gomitradougou in the Cercle of Diéma in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali.	Kouloudiengué	Mali
country	Moose Lake (Lodge) Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBE8), is located on Moose Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Moose Lake (Lodge) Water Aerodrome	Canada
country	Bildirçinli (also, Bildirchinli) is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Bildirçinli	Azerbaijan
country	Gera Midirna Keya Gebriel (``Gera Midir and Keya Gebriel'') was one of the 105 woredas in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia.	Gera Midirna Keya Gebriel	Ethiopia
country	The State Duma (Russian: Госуда́рственная ду́ма (Gosudarstvennaya Duma), common abbreviation: Госду́ма (Gosduma)) in the Russian Federation is the lower house of the Federal Assembly of Russia (legislature), the upper house being the Federation Council of Russia.	State Duma	Russia
country	Nowa Brzeźnica (ˈnɔva bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa) is a village in Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowa Brzeźnica	Poland
country	Prężynka (prɛ̃ˈʐɨnka) (German: Klein Pramsen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Prężynka	Poland
country	Nofaroj is a town and jamoat in north-western Tajikistan.	Nofaroj	Tajikistan
country	Nguruman Escarpment is an escarpment in southern Kenya.	Nguruman Escarpment	Kenya
country	Mielec County (Polish: powiat mielecki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Mielec County	Poland
country	Greek National Road 27 (Greek: Εθνική Οδός 27, abbreviated as EO27) is a single carriageway road in central Greece.	Greek National Road 27	Greece
country	Ahelaid is a small uninhabited islet in Estonia.	Ahelaid	Estonia
country	Bad Wurzach is a small town in southern Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg.	Bad Wurzach	Germany
country	Morombe (murumˈbe) is a coastal city (commune urbaine) in Atsimo-Andrefana Region, Madagascar.	Morombe	Madagascar
country	Peterborough City Hospital in the United Kingdom is the new acute general district hospital serving the city of Peterborough and north Cambridgeshire, areas of east Northamptonshire and Rutland run by Peterborough and Stamford Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust.	Peterborough City Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Hipodromo do Cristal (Cristal Racecourse) is the most important center of horse racing in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	Hipodromo do Cristal	Brazil
country	Galuanta (Georgian: გულუანთა) is a settlement in the Gori district of Georgia.	Galuanta	Georgia
country	Haute Vallée de Chevreuse Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional de la haute vallée de Chevreuse) is a protected area in the Île-de-France region of northern France.	Haute Vallée de Chevreuse Regional Natural Park	France
country	The Biografisch Portaal (Biography Portal) is an initiative based at the Huygens Institute for Dutch History in The Hague, with the aim of making biographical texts of the Netherlands more accessible.	Biografisch Portaal	Netherlands
country	Telkwa is a village located along British Columbia Highway 16, nearly 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of the town of Smithers and 350 kilometres (220 mi) west of the city of Prince George, in northwest British Columbia, Canada.	Telkwa	Canada
country	Visby Airport (IATA: VBY, ICAO: ESSV), is located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of Visby, Gotland, Sweden.	Visby Airport	Sweden
country	Valpaços (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˌvaɫˈpasuʃ)) is a municipality in northern Portugal.	Valpaços	Portugal
country	The Buchanan Highway, Northern Territory, Australia runs west from Dunmarra on the Stuart Highway crossing the Buntine Highway at Top Springs and eventually connecting with the Victoria Highway near Timber Creek.	Buchanan Highway	Australia
country	Lake Pohorile (Ukrainian: озеро Погоріле, means 'burn lake') is a lake in the south-western Ukraine, in the delta of the Dniester River.	Lake Pohorile	Ukraine
country	Stefanów Barczewski Drugi (stɛˈfanuf barˈt͡ʂɛfski ˈdruɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stefanów Barczewski Drugi	Poland
country	Kolonia Przerośl (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈpʂɛrɔɕl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przerośl, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kolonia Przerośl	Poland
country	San Antonio La Paz (Spanish pronunciation: (san anˈtonjo la pas)) is a municipality in the El Progreso department of Guatemala.	San Antonio La Paz	Guatemala
country	Kadijan (Persian: كاديجان‎, also Romanized as Kādījān) is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kadijan	Iran
country	Diario Democracia is a Spanish daily newspaper published from Junin, Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Diario Democracia	Argentina
country	San Francisco El Alto (Spanish pronunciation: (sam fɾanˈsisko el ˈalto)) is a municipality in the Totonicapán department of Guatemala.	San Francisco El Alto	Guatemala
country	Tell Ezou is a prehistoric, Neolithic tell, about 2 hectares (220,000 sq ft) in size, located between Krak des Chevaliers and Homs, in Syria.	Tell Ezou	Syria
country	Klonówiec (klɔˈnuvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Klonówiec	Poland
country	New North Klang Straits Bypass is an expressway in Klang, Selangor, Malaysia.	New North Klang Straits Bypass	Malaysia
country	University Hill Secondary School, generally known as U-Hill or Uhill, is a public secondary school located in the University Endowment Lands, just west of the city limits of Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	University Hill Secondary School	Canada
country	The Ludus Magnus or The Great Gladiatorial Training School is the largest of the gladiatorial arenas in Rome, Italy.	Ludus Magnus	Italy
country	Drøno (also spelled Drøna or Drøni) is an island in Austevoll municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Drøno	Norway
country	The Chalky, Big Green and Badger Island Groups Important Bird Area lies in eastern Bass Strait west of Flinders in the Furneaux Group of Tasmania, Australia.	Chalky, Big Green and Badger Island Groups Important Bird Area	Australia
country	Jangikhu (Persian: جنگيخو‎, also Romanized as Jangīkhū; also known as Jangī Khūn and Jangīkhūn) is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jangikhu	Iran
country	Pojejena (Romanian: Pojejena, pronounced (poʒeʒena); Serbian: Пожежена or Požežena; Hungarian: Alsópozsgás) is a commune in Caraş-Severin County, Romania.	Pojejena	Romania
country	During the Soviet occupation of Estonia, Klooga training area was one of the Soviet Army motorized rifle divisions military campus with the area of 1373 ha.	Klooga training area	Estonia
country	Sierra de Albarracín Comarca is a comarca in the Province of Teruel, Aragon region, northeastern Spain.	Sierra de Albarracín Comarca	Spain
country	Ineši parish (Latvian: Inešu pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Vecpiebalga Municipality, Latvia.	Ineši parish	Latvia
country	Yuxarı Uzunoba (also, Uzun-Oba-Yukhari and Yukhary Uzunoba) is a village and municipality in the Babek Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Uzunoba	Azerbaijan
country	Cilən (Armenian: Սարալանջ, Saralanj) (also, Dgilan, Dzhilan, and Jilan) is a village in the Khojavend Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cilən	Azerbaijan
country	The New National Agenda (NNA) is a set of policies and objectives devised by the ruling party of Malaysia, UMNO, as a fresh means to continue the Malaysian New Economic Policy under prime minister Abdullah Badawi.	New National Agenda	Malaysia
country	The Vrijzinnige Geloofsgemeenschap NPB (English: Liberal Community of Faith NBP) is a Christian denomination in the Netherlands, a member of the Dutch Raad van Kerken (English: Council of Churches) and the International Association for Religious Freedom.	Vrijzinnige Geloofsgemeenschap NPB	Netherlands
country	Rydzewo-Świątki (rɨˈd͡zɛvɔ ˈɕfjɔntki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Rydzewo-Świątki	Poland
country	Hengsberg is a municipality in the district of Leibnitz in Styria, in southeast Austria.	Hengsberg	Austria
country	Imja Glacier (Nepali: इम्जा हिमनदी) is located in the Himalayas, in the Solukhumbu District of Nepal.	Imja Glacier	Nepal
country	Bamako is the capital and largest city of Mali, with a population of 1.8 million (2009 census, provisional).	Bamako	Mali
country	The ruin of Madenburg Castle is one of the biggest and oldest castle complexes in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Madenburg Castle	Germany
country	Hoseyniyeh-ye Khazir (Persian: حسينيه خضير‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Khazīr and Ḩoseynīyeh-ye Kheẕayer) is a village in Azadeh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hoseyniyeh-ye Khazir	Iran
country	Trapene Parish (Latvian: Trapenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Ape Municipality, Latvia.	Trapene Parish	Latvia
country	The Pontifical University of John Paul II (Polish: Uniwersytet Papieski Jana Pawła II w Krakowie) is an academic institution located in Kraków, Poland, that offers graduate degrees in theology, philosophy, and church history.	Pontifical University of John Paul II	Poland
country	Binondo Church, also known as Minor Basilica of Saint Lorenzo Ruiz and Our Lady of the Most Holy Rosary Parish (Spanish: Parroquia Basílica de San Lorenzo Ruiz y Nuestra Señora del Santísimo Rosario), is located in the District of Binondo, Manila fronting Plaza San Lorenzo Ruiz, in the Philippines.	Binondo Church	Philippines
country	Santa Maria del Soccorso a Capodimonte is a Neoclassic-style Roman Catholic church in the Capodimonte Neighborhood of Naples, Italy.	Santa Maria del Soccorso a Capodimonte	Italy
country	Aisonia (Greek: Αισωνία) is a former municipality in Magnesia, Thessaly, Greece.	Aisonia	Greece
country	Alexandria University (Arabic: جامعة الإسكندرية‎) is a public research university in Alexandria, Egypt.	Alexandria University	Egypt
country	Río Colorado Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Río Colorado, IATA: COL, ICAO: SAZQ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres (2 mi) west of Río Colorado, Río Negro, Argentina.	Río Colorado Airport	Argentina
country	Miłochowice (miwɔxɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz, within Milicz County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Miłochowice	Poland
country	Tiergartenstraße is a street in the Tiergarten district in central Berlin, the capital of Germany.	Tiergartenstraße	Germany
country	Gampola (Sinhala:ගම්පොල, Tamil:கம்பளை) is a town located in Kandy District, Central Province, Sri Lanka, governed by an Urban Council.	Gampola	Sri Lanka
country	Leskovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лесковац, pronounced (lě̞skɔ̝v̞at͡s)) is a city in southern Serbia.	Leskovac	Serbia
country	Jędrychówko (jɛndrɨˈxufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jędrychówko	Poland
country	Rdzuchów (ˈrd͡zuxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potworów, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rdzuchów	Poland
country	Nikozi is a village in central Georgia (shida kartli) near the Russian and south Ossetian military forces' check-point.	Nikozi	Georgia
country	Shalem College (Hebrew: המרכז האקדמי שלם‎, ha-Merkaz ha-Akademi Shalem) is Israel's first liberal arts college, located in Jerusalem, Israel.	Shalem College	Israel
country	Shirah Choqa-ye Chalanchi (Persian: شيره چقاچالانچي‎, also Romanized as Shīrah Choqā-ye Chālānchī; also known as Shīrah Choqā) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Eyvan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Shirah Choqa-ye Chalanchi	Iran
country	Pagėgiai ( pronunciation , German: Pogegen) is a city in the south western Lithuania.	Pagėgiai	Lithuania
country	Madingley is a village near Coton and Dry Drayton on the western outskirts of Cambridge in the United Kingdom.	Madingley	United Kingdom
country	Malekan (Turkish: melik kendi; also Romanized as Malekān; formerly, Malik Kandi (ترکی آذربایجانی: مَلِك كَندی), also Romanized as Malek Kandī and Malikkand) is a city in and the capital of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Malekan	Iran
country	Medupi Power Station is a dry-cooled coal-fired power station being built by Eskom near Lephalale in Limpopo province, South Africa.	Medupi Power Station	South Africa
country	New Scene (Slovak: Nová scéna, abr. ND) is a theatre located in Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.	New Scene	Slovakia
country	Bruatorpsån or Torsåsån is a river in Sweden.	Bruatorpsån	Sweden
country	The Lojsta Lakes (Swedish: Lojstasjöarna) (sometimes referred to as the Lojsta Lake) (Gutnish: Lojsta träsk) are five lakes in Lojsta and Stånga sockens, Gotland, Sweden.	Lojsta Lakes	Sweden
country	Nové Hony (Hungarian: Kétkeresztúr) is a village and municipality in Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Nové Hony	Slovakia
country	Farsan (Persian: فارسان‎, also Romanized as Fārsān; also known as Fārsā, Fārsīān, and Farsūn) is a city in and the capital of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Farsan	Iran
country	The Canton of Angers-Centre is a former French canton located in the Maine-et-Loire département of France, in the arrondissement of Angers.	Canton of Angers-Centre	France
country	Stopnica (stɔpˈnit͡sa) is a town in Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Stopnica	Poland
country	Nea Krini (Greek: Νέα Κρήνη, English: Νew Crene) is a district of the municipality of Kalamaria, Thessaloniki regional unit, Greece.	Nea Krini	Greece
country	The Buila-Vânturarița National Park (Romanian: Parcul Naţional Buila-Vânturariţa) (national park category II IUCN) is a protected area situated in Romania, in the central-northern part of Vâlcea County, in administrative territory of localities Costeşti, Bărbăteşti and Băile Olăneşti.	Buila-Vânturarița National Park	Romania
country	Chiradzulu Mountain is located approximately 20 km to the north-east of Blantyre, Malawi's main commercial centre.	Chiradzulu Mountain	Malawi
country	The Pontifical Gregorian University (Italian: Pontificia Università Gregoriana; also known as the Gregorianum, or the PUG, or Greg) is a pontifical university located in Rome, Italy.	Pontifical Gregorian University	Italy
country	Kundasang is a town in the district of Ranau in Sabah, Malaysia that lies along the bank of Kundasang Valley.	Kundasang	Malaysia
country	Zardui (Persian: زردويي‎, also Romanized as Zardū’ī; also known as Ravān, Ravān-e Zardowī, Ravān-e Zardū’ī, Ravān Zardū’ī, Ravān Zardū’ī, and Rawān Zarūdeh) is a village in Makvan Rural District, Bayangan District, Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Zardui	Iran
country	Red Beach Base Area (also known as Camp JJ Books, Camp Haskins, Camp Viking, Paddock Compound or Red Beach Camp) is a complex of former U.S. Marines, Navy and Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) logistics and support bases northwest of Danang.	Red Beach Base Area	Vietnam
country	KK Women's and Children's Hospital (abbreviation: KKH; Chinese: 竹脚妇幼医院; Malay: Hospital Wanita dan Kanak-kanak Kandang Kerbau), formerly known as ``Kandang Kerbau Hospital'', is the largest hospital specialising in healthcare for women and children in Singapore.	KK Women's and Children's Hospital	Singapore
country	Miranda Dam (Portuguese: Barragem de Miranda) is a concrete buttress dam on the Douro, where the river forms the national border line between Spain and Portugal.	Miranda Dam	Portugal
country	The Statue of Lenin in Kharkiv was a sculpture monument to Vladimir Lenin, located in the Freedom Square, Kharkiv, Ukraine.	Statue of Lenin in Kharkiv	Ukraine
country	Redbank Power Station is located near Singleton, in the Hunter Region, New South Wales, Australia.	Redbank Power Station	Australia
country	Pyasina River (Russian: Пясина) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Pyasina River	Russia
country	Central Moravia (Střední Morava) is an area of the Czech Republic defined by the Republic's Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics, level NUTS 2.	Central Moravia	Czech Republic
country	The Tisza Dam, also known as the Kisköre Dam is a gravity dam on the Tisza River near Kisköre in Heves county, Hungary.	Tisza Dam	Hungary
country	The Stadium of Domitian (Italian: Stadio di Domiziano), also known as the Circus Agonalis, was located to the north of the Campus Martius in Rome, Italy.	Stadium of Domitian	Italy
country	Caucasia, Antioquia is a municipality located in the subregion of Bajo Cauca Antioquia department, in Colombia.	Caucasia, Antioquia	Colombia
country	Buenavista Station is a passenger rail station in Mexico City.	Buenavista Station	Mexico
country	Tonggu County (simplified Chinese: 铜鼓县; traditional Chinese: 銅鼓縣; pinyin: Tónggǔ Xiàn) is a county of Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China.	Tonggu County	People's Republic of China
country	Tekirdağ (pronounced (tekiɾdaɣ); see also its other names), is a city in Turkey.	Tekirdağ	Turkey
country	Todi is a town and comune (municipality) of the province of Perugia (region of Umbria) in central Italy.	Todi	Italy
country	Rumunki Głodowskie (ruˈmuŋki ɡwɔˈdɔfskʲɛ) (German: Loden-Räumung) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Rumunki Głodowskie	Poland
country	The Taipei Metro Hongshulin Station is located in the sea-side district of Tamsui in New Taipei, Taiwan.	Hongshulin Station	Taiwan
country	Kauntrila (sometimes spelled Kuntrila) (Urdu:کونتريله) is the name of a village and union council of Gujar Khan Tehsil in Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Kauntrila	Pakistan
country	Aftabru (Persian: افتابرو‎, also Romanized as Āftābrū) is a village in Alvir Rural District, Kharqan District, Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Aftabru	Iran
country	The Gover Stream (Cornish: Gover, meaning stream) is an approximately 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) long stream located in mid south Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Gover Stream	United Kingdom
country	Padmapuram Gardens is a tourist attraction in the Araku valley in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Padmapuram Gardens	India
country	Nanchari Madur is one of the villages in thorrur mandal, and a town in Warangal district of Telangana, India.	Nanchari Madur	India
country	Krnjak (Serbian Cyrillic: Крњак) is a village and a municipality in Karlovac County, Croatia.	Krnjak	Croatia
country	Montbard (French: (mɔ̃.baʁ)) is a commune and subprefecture of the Côte-d'Or department in the Bourgogne region in eastern France.	Montbard	France
country	Hillsong Brisbane Campus (formerly Garden City Christian Church) is an interstate campus of Sydney based Hillsong Church, a Pentecostal Christian church affiliated with Australian Christian Churches, the Assemblies of God in Australia.	Hillsong Brisbane Campus	Australia
country	In 2007 the Port of Naples handled 20,269,163 tonnes of cargo and 460,812 TEU's making it one of the busiest cargo ports in Italy and one of the largest container ports in the country.	Port of Naples	Italy
country	Nea Ionia (Greek: Νέα Ιωνία, meaning New Ionia) is a northern suburb of Athens, Greece, and a municipality of the Attica region.	Nea Ionia	Greece
country	Erebato River is a river of Venezuela, tributary of the Caura River.	Erebato River	Venezuela
country	Mataqucha (Quechua mata united, qucha lake, ``united lake'', hispanicized spellings Matacocha, Matacochas) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 5,000 metres (16,404 ft) high, at a small lake of the same name.	Mataqucha	Peru
country	Jardines de Pando is a suburb of the city of Pando in the Canelones Department of southern Uruguay.	Jardines de Pando	Uruguay
country	The University of Karbala is a university located in the city of Karbala, Iraq.	University of Karbala	Iraq
country	Deh Barin (Persian: ده برين‎, also Romanized as Deh Barīn and Dehbarīn) is a village in Qatruyeh Rural District, Qatruyeh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Deh Barin	Iran
country	Séd is a river in western Hungary, north of Lake Balaton.	Séd	Hungary
country	Dhulikhel is the administrative centre of Kavrepalanchowk District, Nepal.	Dhulikhel	Nepal
country	Marijina Vas (pronounced (maˈɾiːjina ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Marijina vas) is a settlement in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Marijina Vas	Slovenia
country	The Kirchlispitzen (2,552 m) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps, located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.	Kirchlispitzen	Austria	Switzerland
country	Bruzual is a city in Apure State in Venezuela, and the shire town of Muñoz Municipality.	Bruzual	Venezuela
country	Karanji Lake (Kannada: ಕಾರಂಜಿ ಕೆರೆ) is a lake located in the city of Mysore in the state of Karnataka, India.	Karanji Lake	India
country	The Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences (previously known as the Fachhochschule Frankfurt am Main) is a public University of Applied Sciences in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Frankfurt University of Applied Sciences	Germany
country	J. Percy Page High School is a high school located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in the southern neighbourhood of Mill Woods.	J. Percy Page High School	Canada
country	The Chang-Gu World Trade Center (Chinese: 長谷世貿聯合國大樓; pinyin: Zhǎnggǔ Shìmào Liánhéguó Dàlóu), also known as Grand 50 Tower, is a 222 metres (728 ft) tall skyscraper in Sanmin District of Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Chang-Gu World Trade Center	Taiwan
country	The Orinoco Delta is a vast river delta of the Orinoco River, located in eastern Venezuela.	Orinoco Delta	Venezuela
country	The Angitis (Greek: Αγγίτης), also known as Angista and Dramatitsa is a tributary of the River Strymonas in Northern Greece.	Angitis	Greece
country	Kavaruiyeh (Persian: كواروئيه‎, also Romanized as Kavārū’īyeh) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kavaruiyeh	Iran
country	Harambašići (Serbian: Харамбашићи) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Harambašići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Vremski Britof (pronounced (ˈwreːmski ˈbriːtɔf); Italian: Cave Auremiane) is a village on an elevation above the banks of the Reka River in the Municipality of Divača in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Vremski Britof	Slovenia
country	The 2011 India census reported that Dum Dum had a population of 117,637.	Dum Dum	India
country	A vital industrial centre of Soviet Ukraine, Dnipropetrovsk was one of the key centres of the nuclear, arms, and space industries of the Soviet Union.	Dnipropetrovsk	Soviet Union
country	S. M. Dedicated High School (commonly known as SMD High School and SMD School) is a private K-12, co-educational school located in Srinagar city at Munawar-abad, India.	SMD High School	India
country	Stupné (Hungarian: Osztopna) is a village and municipality in Považská Bystrica District in the Trenčín Region of north-western Slovakia in Považie region.	Stupné	Slovakia
country	The Mannheim School of Social Sciences (MSSS) is the among the oldest of the five schools comprising the University of Mannheim, located in Mannheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Mannheim School of Social Sciences	Germany
country	Ratanska Vas (Slovene: Ratanska vas) is a settlement immediately north of Rogaška Slatina in eastern Slovenia.	Ratanska Vas	Slovenia
country	RAF Amarda Road is a former wartime Royal Air Force (RAF) airfield located near Rasgovindpur village in Mayurbhanj district of Odisha, India.	RAF Amarda Road	India
country	The Corowa Chronicle was an English language newspaper published in Corowa, New South Wales, Australia from 1905-1928.	The Corowa Chronicle	Australia
country	Glückstadt (Danish: Lykstad) is a town in the Steinburg district of Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Glückstadt	Germany
country	Bahmer is a town in the Sahara Desert of Southern central Algeria, the Adrar Province.	Bahmer	Algeria
country	Luxettipet or Lakshettipet is a village and a Mandal in Adilabad district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Luxettipet	India
country	Malahide Community School (MCS; Irish: Pobalscoil Íosa) is a co-educational, inclusive secondary school located in Malahide, County Dublin, Ireland that welcomes pupils of all religious denominations.	Malahide Community School	Ireland
country	B Plus is a Belgian non profit organization which promotes tolerance and solidarity between the communities of Belgium.	B Plus	Belgium
country	Kolluk (Persian: كلوك‎, also Romanized as Kollūk) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kolluk	Iran
country	Scapoli is a town and comune located in province of Isernia, which is part of the region of Molise, southern Italy.	Scapoli	Italy
country	Gayanjeh (Persian: گاينجه‎, also Romanized as Gāyanjeh) is a village in Behi Dehbokri Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gayanjeh	Iran
country	The Lamington Party (TLP), a political party in Queensland, Australia, was formed in December 2012.	Lamington Party	Australia
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad (Persian: مزرعه محمد‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad) is a village in Jabal Rural District, Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad	Iran
country	The German Communist Party (German: Deutsche Kommunistische Partei, DKP) is a minor communist party in Germany.	German Communist Party	Germany
country	Karlskrona (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈkɑːɭsˌkruːna)) is a locality and the seat of Karlskrona Municipality, Blekinge County, Sweden with 35,212 inhabitants in 2010.	Karlskrona	Sweden
country	The Buxton Memorial Fountain is a memorial and drinking fountain in London, the United Kingdom, that commemorates the emancipation of slaves in the British Empire in 1834.	Buxton Memorial Fountain	United Kingdom
country	Rancagua (Spanish pronunciation: (raŋˈkaɣwa)) is a city and commune in central Chile and part of the Rancagua conurbation.	Rancagua	Chile
country	The Horezu Monastery or Hurezi Monastery was founded in 1690 by Prince Constantin Brâncoveanu in the town of Horezu, Wallachia, Romania.	Horezu Monastery	Romania
country	A village, Karaundi, about 40 km from Sihora, near the village of Paan Umaria is considered to be centre point of post-partition India (pre-partition centre point is at Nagpur).	Sihora	India
country	The Wittekindsberg is a hill, 281.48 m above sea level (NN), which forms the easternmost peak of the Wiehen Hills (German: Wiehengebirge) and is also the western guardian of the Weser gorge, the Porta Westfalica, in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany).	Wittekindsberg	Germany
country	Sutanuti (Bengali: সুতানুটি) was one of the three villages which were merged to form the city of Kolkata (formerly Calcutta) in India.	Sutanuti	India
country	Ilharre (Basque: Ilharre) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ilharre	France
country	The Diocese of Oulu (Finnish: Oulun hiippakunta) is a diocese within the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.	Diocese of Oulu	Finland
country	Termas del Arapey (which means Hot Springs of Arapey) is a resort village in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay.	Termas del Arapey	Uruguay
country	Sahneh County (Persian: شهرستان صحنه‎) is a county in Kermanshah Province in Iran.	Sahneh County	Iran
country	Puvirnituq (Inuktitut: ᐳᕕᕐᓂᑐᖅ) is a northern village (Inuit community) in Nunavik on the Povungnituk River near its mouth on the Hudson Bay in northern Quebec, Canada.	Puvirnituq	Canada
country	Sakété I is an arrondissement in the Plateau department of Benin.	Sakété I	Benin
country	Nainwan is a tehsil of district Bundi) and a municipality in the Hadoti region of Rajasthan state in northwest India.	Nainwa	India
country	Dar Chenarak (Persian: درچنارك‎, also Romanized as Dar Chenārak) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Dar Chenarak	Iran
country	The Kvikne Copper Works at Kvikne in Hedmark, Norway were operated from 1630, and were the largest copper works in Norway in the mid-17th century.	Kvikne Copper Works	Norway
country	The Rathaus Spandau is the town hall of the borough of Spandau in the western suburbs of Berlin, the capital city of Germany.	Rathaus Spandau	Germany
country	Darreh Sir (Persian: دره سير‎, also Romanized as Darreh Sīr and Darrahsīr) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Darreh Sir	Iran
country	Giah Dowran (Persian: گياه دوران‎, also Romanized as Gīāh Darvān, Gīāh Dowrān, and Gīyāh Dowrān) is a village in Mangur-e Sharqi Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Giah Dowran	Iran
country	Évriguet (Evriged in Breton) is a commune in the Morbihan department of Brittany in north-western France.	Évriguet	France
country	Shoshanat HaAmakim (Hebrew: שׁוֹשַׁנַּת הָעֲמָקִים, lit. Lily of the Valleys) is a communal settlement in central Israel.	Shoshanat HaAmakim	Israel
country	Pinneberg (German pronunciation: (ˈpʰɪnəbɛɐ̯k)) is a town in Schleswig-Holstein, capital of the district Pinneberg in Germany.	Pinneberg	Germany
country	Emirates Hills (Arabic: تلال الإمارات‎) is a gated community located in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Emirates Hills	United Arab Emirates
country	Avenches District is a former district of the Canton of Vaud, Switzerland.	Avenches District	Switzerland
country	Pera Pedi (Greek: Πέρα Πεδί) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 4 km south-east of Pano Platres.	Pera Pedi	Cyprus
country	The La Viña Dam, officially known as the Antonio Medina Allende Dam, is an arch dam on the Los Sauces River in San Alberto Department of Córdoba Province, Argentina.	La Viña Dam	Argentina
country	The Aboriginal Justice Implementation Commission was created by the Government of Manitoba, Canada in November, 1999, and issued its final report on June 29, 2001.	Aboriginal Justice Implementation Commission	Canada
country	Fuhua Secondary School (abbreviation: FHSS; Simplified Chinese: 辅华中学) is a secondary school located in Jurong West, in the western part of Singapore.	Fuhua Secondary School	Singapore
country	Mount Hutt rises to the west of the Canterbury Plains in the South Island of New Zealand, above the braided upper reaches of the Rakaia River, and 80 kilometres west of Christchurch.	Mount Hutt	New Zealand
country	Giesecke Glacier (Danish: Giesecke brær) is a glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Giesecke Glacier	Greenland
country	Alija del Infantado (Spanish pronunciation: (aˈlixa ðel imfanˈtaðo)) is a municipality which is part of Tierra de La Bañeza comarca, autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Alija del Infantado	Spain
country	Trzy Korony (English: Three Crowns, Slovak: Tri koruny) is the summit of the Three Crowns Massif, an independent portion of a range called Pieniny Mountains in the south of Poland.	Trzy Korony	Poland
country	Bakharz County (Persian: شهرستان باخزر‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Bakharz County	Iran
country	Brvanci (Cyrillic: Брванци) is a village in the municipality of Jajce, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Brvanci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Tovata is one of three confederacies comprising the Fijian House of Chiefs, to which all of Fiji's chiefs belong.	Tovata	Fiji
country	Darb-e Anarestan (Persian: درب انارستان‎, also Romanized as 'Darb-e Anārestān) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District, in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Darb-e Anarestan	Iran
country	Cristo del Pacífico, ``the Christ of the Pacific'', is a 37 metre high statue of Jesus erected in Lima, Peru, in 2011.	Cristo del Pacífico	Peru
country	Kartik Swami is the former name of the Village Development Committee of Jumla, a market center in Chandannath Municipality in Jumla District in the Karnali Zone of north-western Nepal.	Kartik Swami	Nepal
country	Czerwięcice (t͡ʂɛrvjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudnik, within Racibórz County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Czerwięcice	Poland
country	Saussemesnil or Sauxemesnil or Sauxemesnil-Ruffosses is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.	Saussemesnil	France
country	Vierraden is known for growing tobacco, the area of the Eastern Uckermark is one of the few places in Germany to do so.	Vierraden	Germany
country	Ragdaf (Persian: رگ دف‎, also Romanized as Rag Daf) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District, Sarbuk District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Ragdaf	Iran
country	The 1974 FIFA World Cup, the tenth staging of the World Cup, was held in West Germany (including West Berlin) from 13 June to 7 July.	1974 FIFA World Cup	Germany
country	The Mauritshuis (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈmʌurɪtsɦœys); English: Maurice House) is an art museum in The Hague in the Netherlands.	Mauritshuis	Netherlands
country	After this controversial merger a consortium of Professors and Directors of Research Centres (at ICU) in South Korea founded The Information and Communications University (ICU) to perpetuate the legacy and continuity of the Information and Communications University through international training and distance education, with its subsidiary in Zambia (ICU Zambia).	Information and Communications University	South Korea
country	Higab (previously Higabgruppen; English: Higab Group) is a municipal company wholly owned by Gothenburg Municipality in Sweden.	Higab	Sweden
country	Métlaoui (Tunisian Arabic: متلوي‎ mitlawī) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate, Tunisia.	Métlaoui	Tunisia
country	Sonnjoch (2,457 m) is a mountain of the Karwendel range in the Northern Limestone Alps in Tyrol, Austria.	Sonnjoch	Austria
country	Przeginia Duchowna (pʂɛˈɡiɲa duˈxɔvna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernichów, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Przeginia Duchowna	Poland
country	Rancho Dolores is a village in Belize District, Belize about 45 miles from Belize City.	Rancho Dolores	Belize
country	The Kawerau Power Station is a 100-megawatt geothermal power plant located just outside the town of Kawerau in the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand.	Kawerau Power Station	New Zealand
country	Spira Footwear Inc., best known as simply Spira, is an American footwear manufacturer based in the El Paso, Texas, United States of America.	Spira Footwear Inc.	United States of America
country	Woodroofe (often shortened to Woodies) is a brand of soft drinks in South Australia.	Woodroofe	Australia
country	Bischbrunn is a community with around 1,800 (2013) inhabitants in the Main-Spessart district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany and a member of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (Administrative Community) of Marktheidenfeld.	Bischbrunn	Germany
country	Semifonte was a fortified city in Tuscany, Italy, built during the late 12th century and destroyed after a siege by Florence in 1202.	Semifonte	Italy
country	Pesan (Persian: پسان‎, also Romanized as Pesān; also known as Yesān) is a village in Targavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Pesan	Iran
country	Iglunga (previously: Iglungayut) was an Inuit settlement, now uninhabited, in Qikiqtaaluk Region, Nunavut, Canada.	Iglunga	Canada
country	The Ribble Steam Railway is a standard gauge preserved railway in Lancashire, in the United Kingdom.	Ribble Steam Railway	United Kingdom
country	Nasrabad-e Malek (Persian: ناصرابادملك‎, also Romanized as Nāṣrābād-e Malek; also known as Dehnow-e Khān (Persian: دهنوخان)) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nasrabad-e Malek	Iran
country	Ziarlu (Persian: زيارلو‎, also Romanized as Zīārlū) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ziarlu	Iran
country	Rodynske (Ukrainian: Родинське, Russian: Родинское) is a city in Krasnoarmiisk Municipality, Donetsk Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Rodynske	Ukraine
country	Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute (K.C.V.I.) is a secondary school in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Kingston Collegiate and Vocational Institute	Canada
country	Wrzeszczyn (ˈvʐɛʂt͡ʂɨn) (German: Boberullersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wrzeszczyn	Poland
country	Querétaro Intercontinental Airport, Aeropuerto Intercontinental de Querétaro (IATA: QRO, ICAO: MMQT), is an international airport located in the Municipalities of Colón and El Marqués, Querétaro, Mexico.	Querétaro Intercontinental Airport	Mexico
country	The Mariupol Shipyard (Ukrainian: Маріупольський морський торговельний порт) is located in Mariupol, Ukraine and is the largest repair facility of its class on the Sea of Azov.	Mariupol Shipyard	Ukraine
country	Kimanis is a fully integrated township and also a parliamentary constituency in the West Coast Division of Sabah, Malaysia.	Kimanis	Malaysia
country	Stochov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈstoxof); German: Stochau) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Stochov	Czech Republic
country	Tarinkot Airport (IATA: TII, ICAO: OATN) is a domestic airport located in southeastern Afghanistan, one mile (2 km) south of Tarinkot, the capital city of the province of Urozgan.	Tarinkot Airport	Afghanistan
country	Bessów (ˈbɛssuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bochnia, within Bochnia County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Bessów	Poland
country	Mišji Dol (pronounced (ˈmiːʃji ˈdoːu̯); German: Mausthal) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia.	Mišji Dol	Slovenia
country	The Tour Majunga is a building under interior completion in La Défense, near Paris, in France.	Tour Majunga	France
country	The Polidor remains a popular restaurant on the Left Bank, particularly among students at the nearby University of Paris (Sorbonne) and Collège de France.	Polidor	France
country	Ternitz is a town and municipality (14,823 inhabitants end 2014) in the district of Neunkirchen in the Austrian state of Lower Austria, situated at the confluence of the Sierning stream and the River Schwarza, at the western end of the Steinfeld plain.	Ternitz	Austria
country	Börde Wanzleben was a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft (``collective municipality'') in the district of Börde (district), in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Börde Wanzleben	Germany
country	The Atherton Tableland is a fertile plateau which is part of the Great Dividing Range in Queensland, Australia.	Atherton Tableland	Australia
country	Palatrussardi was an indoor arena located in Milan, Italy.	Palatrussardi	Italy
country	Teatro Stabile d'Abruzzo (TSA) is a theatre based in L'Aquila, Abruzzo, Italy which was formed in 2000.	Teatro Stabile d'Abruzzo	Italy
country	Shigar River (Urdu: دریائے شگر‎) is located in Baltistan, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Shigar River	Pakistan
country	Yokkaichi Dome is a multi-purpose indoor sporting arena located in Yokkaichi, Mie Prefecture, Japan.	Yokkaichi Dome	Japan
country	Golub-Dobrzyń County (Polish: powiat golubsko-dobrzyński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-central Poland.	Golub-Dobrzyń County	Poland
country	Podkamennaya Tunguska Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Подкаменная Тунгуска) (IATA: TGP, ICAO: UNIP) is an airport serving the Podkamennaya Tunguska and Bor villages in Turukhansky District, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia.	Podkamennaya Tunguska Airport	Russia
country	Sant Joan d'Alacant (Valencian pronunciation: (saɲ dʒuˈan dalaˈkant), Spanish: San Juan de Alicante) is a municipality belonging to Alicante metropolitan area, in the southeast of Valencian Community, Spain.	Sant Joan d'Alacant	Spain
country	Jüdischer Friedhof Köln-Bocklemünd is a cemetery in Cologne, Germany.	Jüdischer Friedhof Köln-Bocklemünd	Germany
country	Villa General Belgrano, a small mountain village of 6,260 inhabitants is named after the creator of the Argentine flag Manuel Belgrano and located in a lush green valley of Calamuchita in the hills in the Province of Córdoba in central Argentina.	Villa General Belgrano	Argentina
country	Ružica Church (Serbian: Црква Ружица, Little Rose Church) is a Serbian Orthodox church located in the Kalemegdan Fortress, in Belgrade, Serbia.	Ružica Church	Serbia
country	Medulin (Italian: Medolino) is a small town and municipality in the southern part of the Istrian peninsula in Croatia.	Medulin	Croatia
country	Bom Jesus da Lapa Airport (IATA: LAZ, ICAO: SBLP) is the airport serving Bom Jesus da Lapa, Brazil.	Bom Jesus da Lapa Airport	Brazil
country	The necropolis of Sheikh Abd el-Qurna (Arabic: شيخ عبدالقرنة‎) is located on the West Bank at Thebes in Upper Egypt.	Sheikh Abd el-Qurna	Egypt
country	Harbord Collegiate Institute (H.C.I. or Harbord) is a public secondary school located in downtown Toronto, Canada.	Harbord Collegiate Institute	Canada
country	The Dall River is a river in northern British Columbia, Canada, flowing northwest into the Turnagain River, a tributary of the Kechika, to the west of Mount Skook Davidson.	Dall River	Canada
country	Zürich Airport (German: Flughafen Zürich, IATA: ZRH, ICAO: LSZH), also known as Kloten Airport, is the largest international airport of Switzerland and the principal hub of Swiss International Air Lines.	Zürich Airport	Switzerland
country	Namrole Airport (IATA: NRE, ICAO: WAPG) is an airport on Buru island, which is one of the Maluku Islands in Indonesia.	Namrole Airport	Indonesia
country	Sedrata (Arabic: سدراتة‎) is a municipality and large city in Souk Ahras Province, Algeria, capital of Sedrata District.	Sedrata	Algeria
country	Jiangle County (simplified Chinese: 将乐县; traditional Chinese: 將樂縣; pinyin: Jiānglè Xiàn) is a county of western Fujian province, People's Republic of China.	Jiangle County	People's Republic of China
country	The Château de Keriolet is a castle built in the 19th century in Concarneau (France).	Château de Keriolet	France
country	Hovtun (Armenian: Հովտուն; formerly, Baytar and Alakilisa)) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Hovtun	Armenia
country	Rousínov (German: Neu Raußnitz (Neu Rausnitz, Neu-Raußnitz, Neu-Rausnitz), Neurausnitz) is a town in the South Moravian Region, Czech Republic.	Rousínov	Czech Republic
country	Wojnachy (vɔi̯ˈnaxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Wojnachy	Poland
country	Arganda del Rey (Spanish pronunciation: (arˈɣanda ðel rei)) is a municipality in the autonomous community of Madrid in central Spain.	Arganda del Rey	Spain
country	Kotorów (kɔˈtɔruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Werbkowice, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kotorów	Poland
country	The Laxardal is a region in northwestern Iceland.	Laxardal	Iceland
country	The MacArthur Landing Memorial National Park (also known as the Leyte Landing Memorial Park and MacArthur Park) is a protected area of the Philippines that commemorates the historic landing of General Douglas MacArthur in Leyte Gulf at the start of the campaign to recapture and liberate the Philippines from Japanese occupation on 20 October 1944.	MacArthur Landing Memorial National Park	Philippines
country	Las Khorey (Somali: Laasqoray, Arabic: لاسقُرَى‎ Lāsqoray) is an ancient coastal city in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia.	Las Khorey	Somalia
country	Jomfrubråten is a residential area of Nordstrand in Oslo, Norway.	Jomfrubråten	Norway
country	Hasan Kusej (Persian: حسن كوسج‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Kūsej, Hasan Koosej, and Ḩasan Kūsaj) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hasan Kusej	Iran
country	Baron Swansea, of Singleton in the County of Glamorgan, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom and held by a branch of the Vivian family.	Baron Swansea	United Kingdom
country	Imeni Babushkina (Russian: имени Бабушкина), formerly Ledengskoye (Russian: Леденгское), is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Babushkinsky District of Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on the banks of the Ledenga River.	Imeni Babushkina	Russia
country	Clonoulty-Rossmore GAA is a Gaelic Athletic Association club located in the parish of Clonoulty and Rossmore, and Ballagh and Goolds Cross and half of the rest of West Tipperary eleven miles from Cashel, County Tipperary in Ireland.	Clonoulty-Rossmore GAA	Ireland
country	Nové Bránice, until 1947 Německé Bránice (German: Deutsch Branitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	Nové Bránice	Czech Republic
country	Allahiabad (Persian: الهي اباد‎, also Romanized as Allahīābād) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Allahiabad	Iran
country	Isonyin is a small town in Ogun State, Nigeria located about 8 kilometers from Ijebu Ode.	Isonyin	Nigeria
country	Novodruzhesk (Ukrainian: Новодружеськ, Russian: Новодружеск) is a city in Lysychansk Municipality, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Novodruzhesk	Ukraine
country	Shusef Rural District (Persian: دهستان شوسف‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shusef Rural District	Iran
country	Qarasüleymanlı (also, Karasuleymanly) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qarasüleymanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Sheriff Street (Irish: Sráid an tSirriam), known by locals as ``Sheriffer,'' or ``The Street'' is a small area in the north inner city of Dublin, Ireland, lying between East Wall and North Wall and often considered to be part of the latter.	Sheriff Street	Ireland
country	Qomik-e Bozorg (Persian: قميك بزرگ‎, also Romanized as Qomīk-e Bozorg; also known as Qomīk and Qom Yek) is a village in Qaqazan-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Takestan County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qomik-e Bozorg	Iran
country	Birinci Şordəhnə (also, Shordakhna Pervoye, Shordekhna Pervoye, and Shordekhne) is a village in the Agdash Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Birinci Şordəhnə	Azerbaijan
country	Norfolk Air was an airline based on Norfolk Island, it was operating department of the Administration of Norfolk Island, flights were operated by Our Airline (formerly Air Nauru) and operating under an Australia Airline Operators Certificate.	Norfolk Air	Australia
country	Tutoran Dap (Persian: توتراندپ‎, also Romanized as Tūtorān Dap; also known as Tūtorān, Tūtrūn, and Tūţūrān) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tutoran Dap	Iran
country	Sierra de las Nieves is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province, Andalusia, Spain.	Sierra de las Nieves	Spain
country	Kao Yuan University (KYU; Chinese: 高苑科技大學) is a university in Lujhu District, Kaohsiung, Taiwan.	Kao Yuan University	Taiwan
country	The Fitzroy Gardens are 26 hectares (64 acres) located on the southeastern edge of the Melbourne Central Business District in East Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Fitzroy Gardens	Australia
country	Misrod is a suburb of southern region of Bhopal, India.	Misrod	India
country	Mekavci (Serbian Cyrillic: Мекавци) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Mekavci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Bitterfeld (German pronunciation: (ˈbɪtɐfɛlt)) is a town in the district Anhalt-Bitterfeld, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Bitterfeld	Germany
country	İkinci İpək (also İpək-2) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İkinci İpək	Azerbaijan
country	Anna Paulowna ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Anna Paulowna	Netherlands
country	Veryan is a coastal civil parish and a village on the Roseland Peninsula in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Veryan	United Kingdom
country	Zerkalʹnaya struya (Russian: Зеркальная струя) or Dzerkalʹnyi struminʹ (Ukrainian: Дзеркальний струмінь) is a fountain in Kharkiv, Ukraine.	Zerkalʹnaya struya	Ukraine
country	The Drechttunnel is an underground motorway tunnel in Netherlands.	Drechttunnel	Netherlands
country	The Temiscaming Titans (French: Les Titans de Témiscaming) are a Canadian Junior ice hockey team based in Témiscaming, Quebec, Canada.	Temiscaming Titans	Canada
country	Ali Mohammad Zeytun (Persian: عليمحمد زيتون‎, also Romanized as ʿAlī Moḥammad Zeytūn) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Ali Mohammad Zeytun	Iran
country	Inishtrahull (Irish: Inis Trá Tholl, meaning ``island of the hollow/empty beach'') is the most northerly island of Ireland.	Inishtrahull	Ireland
country	Krzypnica (kʂɨpˈnit͡sa) (formerly German Kranzfelde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Krzypnica	Poland
country	Wat Lok Moli (Thai: วัดโลกโมฬี, sometimes also seen written as Wat Lok Molee) is a Buddhist temple (Thai language:Wat) in Chiang Mai, northern Thailand.	Wat Lok Moli	Thailand
country	Kviteseid Church (Norwegian: Kviteseid kirke or Kviteseid kyrkje), also known as Kviteseid New Church, is a church in Kviteseid in Telemark, Norway.	Kviteseid Church	Norway
country	Stadio del Ghiaccio Gianmario Scola is an indoor sporting arena in Canazei, Italy.	Stadio del Ghiaccio Gianmario Scola	Italy
country	The Chiaia Funicular (Italian: Funicolare Chiaia) is a funicular railway line that forms part of the public transport system for the city of Naples, Italy.	Chiaia Funicular	Italy
country	Herføl is a populated island in the municipality of Hvaler, Norway.	Herføl	Norway
country	Boronów (bɔˈrɔnuf) is a village in Lubliniec County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Boronów	Poland
country	Raiymbek District (Kazakh: Райымбек ауданы) is a district of Almaty Region in Kazakhstan.	Raiymbek District	Kazakhstan
country	Kinabatangan is a district and town located in Sandakan Division, in the east of Sabah, Malaysia on the island of Borneo.	Kinabatangan	Malaysia
country	Przekop (Polish pronunciation: (ˈpʂɛkɔp)), (German: Weichseldurchstich) located in Poland, is a branch of the Vistula river in its delta.	Przekop	Poland
country	Farmakas (Greek: Φαρμακάς) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located around 5 km east of Palaichori.	Farmakas	Cyprus
country	In 1684, a council led by Enrique Enriquez de Guzmán, the then governor of Guatemala, decided upon the reduction of San Mateo Ixtatán and nearby Santa Eulalia, both within the colonial administrative district of the Corregimiento of Huehuetenango.	San Mateo Ixtatán	Guatemala
country	Kurdistan Province or Kordestan Province or Kurdestan Province (Persian: استان کردستان‎‎, Kurdish: کوردستان Kurdistan) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran, not to be confused with the greater geographical area of Iranian Kurdistan.	Kurdistan Province	Iran
country	The Moor Express or Moorexpress is a heritage railway in the northern part of Lower Saxony in Germany.	Moor Express	Germany
country	Sky Regional Airlines is an airline whose corporate headquarters is on the property of Billy Bishop Toronto City Airport in Toronto, Canada.	Sky Regional Airlines	Canada
country	Rosbercon (Irish: Ros Bearrcon) is a village in Ireland, on the opposite side of the River Barrow from New Ross, County Wexford.	Rosbercon	Ireland
country	Havarlı, also Gavarly (Armenian: Հավարիք or Հավարիկ Havarikʿ or Havarik) is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Havarlı	Azerbaijan
country	The Shire of Cohuna was a local government area on the Murray River, about 265 kilometres (165 mi) north-northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Cohuna	Australia
country	Champagne hillsides, houses and cellars is the name given to several sites in the Champagne region of France inscribed to the list of World Heritage Sites in 2015 for their historical ties to the production and sale of champagne.	Champagne hillsides, houses and cellars	France
country	Sorø Museum is a local history museum is Sorø, Denmark.	Sorø Museum	Denmark
country	CentralPlaza Chonburi is a shopping and entertainment complex located on Sukhumvit Rd., in the city of Chonburi, Thailand.	CentralPlaza Chonburi	Thailand
country	Heping Road (和平東路/和平西路, also known as 1st Avenue) is a major east-west arterial in Taipei, Taiwan.	Heping Road	Taiwan
country	The Château de Montreuil-Bellay is a historical building in the town of Montreuil-Bellay, département of Maine-et-Loire, France, first built on the site of a Gallo-Roman village high on a hill on the banks of the Thouet River.	Château de Montreuil-Bellay	France
country	Arudy (Gascon: Arudi) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south-western France.	Arudy	France
country	Allah Nur (Persian: اله نور‎, also Romanized as Allāh Nūr; also known as Qareh Meshk) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Allah Nur	Iran
country	Hirmentaz (pronounced irminte) is a mountain in eastern France, belonging to the Chablais Alps, and located in the communes of Bellevaux, Habère-Poche, Habère-Lullin and Mégevette.	Hirmentaz	France
country	Lisbjerg is a village and suburb 7 km north of the city center of Aarhus, Denmark.	Lisbjerg	Denmark
country	Mowtowr-e Gol Zaman (Persian: موتورگل زمان‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Gol Zamān) is a village in Nazil Rural District, Nukabad District, Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Gol Zaman	Iran
country	Taï is a town in southwestern Ivory Coast.	Taï	Ivory Coast
country	The Campaign Against Political Correctness is a non-partisan organisation in the United Kingdom created to oppose what its founders describe as political correctness.	Campaign Against Political Correctness	United Kingdom
country	Awatoto is a coastal suburb area located near Napier, Hawke's Bay, New Zealand.	Awatoto	New Zealand
country	Sibudu Cave is a rock shelter in a sandstone cliff in northern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Sibudu Cave	South Africa
country	Geghamavan (Armenian: Գեղամավան), also Romanized as Gegamavan; until 1946, Shagriz and Shahriz) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Geghamavan	Armenia
country	Lower Babur is a village in the Arghandab District of Kandahar Province in southern Afghanistan that was destroyed by American military forces in October and November 2010.	Lower Babur	Afghanistan
country	Mullingstorp is an institute for psychotherapy situated in Sweden and started by Bengt Stern in 1985.	Mullingstorp	Sweden
country	Nettancourt ((netɑ̃kuʁ)) is a commune in the Meuse department in Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Nettancourt	France
country	Lilleheden halt is a railway halt serving the eastern part of the town of Hirtshals, Denmark, as well as the nearby public aquarium Nordsøen Oceanarium.	Lilleheden halt	Denmark
country	Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu is a territorial electoral district(riding) for the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut, Canada.	Iqaluit-Niaqunnguu	Canada
country	Whitecourt crater is a meteorite impact crater in central Alberta, Canada.	Whitecourt crater	Canada
country	Kohinoor Asiana Hotel is a five-star hotel located on Old Mahabalipuram Road in Semmencherry, Chennai, India.	Kohinoor Asiana Hotel	India
country	Forio (known also as Forio of Ischia) is a town and comune of c. 17,000 inhabitants in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Italy, situated on the island of Ischia.	Forio	Italy
country	Tomterna is a small village, with about 20 inhabitants, in Hälsingland in the north of Sweden.	Tomterna	Sweden
country	Pawłowice Kopana (pavwɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈpana) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pawłowice Kopana	Poland
country	Baisari High School is an educational institution of Baisari in Banaripara Upazila, Bangladesh.	Baisari High School	Bangladesh
country	Cahir (/ˈkɛər/; Irish: an Chathair / Cathair Dún Iascaigh) is a town in County Tipperary in Ireland.	Cahir	Ireland
country	The Epsom by-election, 1947 was a parliamentary by-election held in the United Kingdom on 4 December 1947 to fill the vacant House of Commons seat of Epsom in Surrey.	Epsom by-election, 1947	United Kingdom
country	Helaba short for Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen Helaba, short for Landesbank Hessen-Thüringen, is a commercial bank with core regions in Hesse and Thuringia, Germany offering financial services to companies, banks, institutional investors and the public sector, both within Germany and internationally.	Helaba	Germany
country	Chah-e Azim, Zahedan (Persian: چاه عظیم‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Azim, Zahedan	Iran
country	Scarborough Board of Education (SBE, commonly known as School District 16) is the former public-secular school district serving Scarborough, Ontario, Canada from 1954 when it was established to 1998 it was merged into the Toronto District School Board.	Scarborough Board of Education	Canada
country	The Walhalla Goldfields Railway is a 2 ft 6 in (762 mm) narrow gauge tourist railway located in the Thomson River and Stringers Creek valleys in Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, near the former gold-mining town and tourist destination of Walhalla.	Walhalla Goldfields Railway	Australia
country	Bay d'Est is an unincorporated community in Fortune Bay District in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Bay d'Est	Canada
country	Mud Islands Game Reserve is a protected area covering ten islands at the southern side of Lake Alexandrina in South Australia about 19 kilometres (12 mi) south-east of Goolwa.	Mud Islands Game Reserve	Australia
country	The Fair of Albacete (Spanish: Feria de Albacete) is a fair located in Albacete, Spain.	Fair of Albacete	Spain
country	Donji Kukuruzari (Serbian Cyrillic: Доњи Кукурузари) is a village and a municipality in Croatia in the Sisak-Moslavina County.	Donji Kukuruzari	Croatia
country	RCAF Station Edgar was part of the Pinetree Line of radar stations and was located at Edgar, Ontario Canada, about 20 kilometres northeast of Barrie.	RCAF Station Edgar	Canada
country	Kuchesfahan District (Persian: بخش کوچصفهان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kuchesfahan District	Iran
country	Dragomelj (pronounced (dɾaˈɡoːməl); German: Dragomel) is a settlement northeast of Ljubljana in Slovenia.	Dragomelj	Slovenia
country	Falak Deh (Persian: فلكده‎; also known as Falak Deh-e Pā’īn Maḩalleh) is a village in Lakan Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Falak Deh	Iran
country	St Ervan is a rural civil parish and hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Ervan	United Kingdom
country	Khulo (Georgian: ხულო) is a townlet (daba) in Adjara, an autonomous republic in southwest Georgia, 88 km east of the regional capital Batumi, in the upper valley of Adjaris-tsqali.	Khulo	Georgia
country	Jämtland (Swedish pronunciation: (ˈjɛmtˌland)) (Latin: Iemptia) or Jamtland (Jamtish: (ˈjamtˌlanː)) is a historical province (landskap) in the center of Sweden in northern Europe.	Jämtland	Sweden
country	Topovlje (pronounced (tɔˈpoːu̯ljɛ)) is a settlement on the right bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Braslovče in Slovenia.	Topovlje	Slovenia
country	Krahule (German: Blaufuss; Hungarian: Kékellő, till 1899: Blaufusz) is a village in Žiar nad Hronom District in the Banská Bystrica Region of central Slovakia.	Krahule	Slovakia
country	Montortal is a pedania of l'Alcúdia in the province of Valencia, Spain, situated about two kilometres south of the centre of the town.	Montortal	Spain
country	Makomanai Park (真駒内公園) is a city park in Minami-ku, Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan.	Makomanai Park	Japan
country	Olympic Spirit Toronto was an Olympic-themed attraction featuring the moments of high drama and emotion experienced by Olympians and fans throughout Canada's history with the Olympic Games.	Olympic Spirit Toronto	Canada
country	Plácido Rosas is a village or populated centre in the Cerro Largo Department of eastern Uruguay.	Plácido Rosas	Uruguay
country	Znamianka (Ukrainian: Знам'янка) is a city in Kirovohrad Oblast (province) of Ukraine.	Znamianka	Ukraine
country	Shekarkash Mahalleh (Persian: شكركش محله‎, also Romanized as Shekarkash Maḩalleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shekarkash Mahalleh	Iran
country	The Tang Chung Ling Ancestral Hall (Chinese: 鄧松嶺祠堂) is the main ancestral hall of the Tang Clan of Lung Yeuk Tau and one of the largest ancestral halls in Hong Kong.	Tang Chung Ling Ancestral Hall	Hong Kong
country	Černá v Pošumaví (German: Schwarzbach) is a village in Český Krumlov District, South Bohemian Region, Czech Republic.	Černá v Pošumaví	Czech Republic
country	Hanul cu Tei (``The Linden tree Inn'') is one of the few still standing old inns in central Bucharest, Romania.	Hanul cu Tei	Romania
country	Antanandranto, also Ankilibory, is a small town in southwest Madagascar.	Antanandranto	Madagascar
country	The Hindu Raj is a mountain range in northern Pakistan, between the Hindu Kush and the Karakoram ranges.	Hindu Raj	Pakistan
country	Manuel L. Quezon Avenue, more often called as Quezon Avenue, is a 7.1-kilometer (4.4 mi), 6-14 lane major thoroughfare in Metro Manila named after President Manuel Luis Quezon, the second president of the Philippines.	Quezon Avenue	Philippines
country	Sanga-Sanga Airport (Filipino: Paliparan ng Sanga-Sanga) (IATA: TWT, ICAO: RPMN), also known as Tawi-Tawi Airport, is an airport serving the general area of Bongao, the capital of the province of Tawi-Tawi in the Philippines.	Sanga-Sanga Airport	Philippines
country	The 1951 German football championship was the culmination of the football season in the West Germany in 1950--51.	1951 German football championship	Germany
country	Drayton Valley-Calmar was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Alberta, Canada.	Drayton Valley-Calmar	Canada
country	The Springbrook National Park is a protected national park that is located in the Gold Coast hinterland of Queensland, Australia.	Springbrook National Park	Australia
country	Port Bell is a small industrial centre in the greater metropolitan Kampala area, in Uganda.	Port Bell	Uganda
country	The Maimonides Synagogue (Hebrew: בית כנסת הרמב``ם‎, translit: Beit Knesset ha-Rambam; Arabic: كنيس ابن ميمون‎), also known as the Rav Moshe Synagogue, is a historic synagogue located in Cairo, Egypt.	Maimonides Synagogue	Egypt
country	The Karangahake Gorge lies between the Coromandel and Kaimai ranges, at the southern end of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island.	Karangahake Gorge	New Zealand
country	Robat Karim (Persian: رباطكريم‎, also Romanized as Robāţ Karīm; formerly known as Shahriar and Shahryār) is a city in and capital of Robat Karim County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Robat Karim	Iran
country	Polevskoy (Russian: Полевско́й) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia, located 50 kilometers (31 mi) southwest of Yekaterinburg, the administrative center of the oblast.	Polevskoy	Russia
country	Hedmarken (local pronunciation ('he(ɪ̯)'marça), known as Hedemarken until 2003) is a traditional district in the county of Hedmark in Eastern Norway.	Hedmarken	Norway
country	The Matapedia River (French: Rivière Matapédia) is a river in the Matapedia Valley in the province of Quebec, Canada.	Matapedia River	Canada
country	The Herøyfjorden or Herøyfjord is a fjord which bisects the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Herøyfjord	Norway
country	Celanova is a village and municipality located in the province of Ourense, Galicia, Northern Spain.	Celanova	Spain
country	The Vapi railway station on the Mumbai-Vadodara rail link of Western Railway (India) has become the direct beneficiary in terms of revenues due to daily commuters.	Vapi	India
country	Fort Edmonton (also named Edmonton House) was the name of a series of trading posts of the Hudson's Bay Company from 1795 to 1891, all of which were located in central Alberta, Canada.	Fort Edmonton	Canada
country	Drenkovo is a sparsely populated and dispersed village in Blagoevgrad Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Drenkovo	Bulgaria
country	Groix (French: Île de Groix, Breton: Enez Groe) is an island and a commune in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north-western France.	Groix	France
country	Skowronków (skɔˈvrɔnkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Skowronków	Poland
country	Casino da Póvoa (English: Póvoa Casino) is a casino located in Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal.	Casino da Póvoa	Portugal
country	Booster Juice Ltd is Canada's largest chain of fresh juice and smoothie bars.	Booster Juice	Canada
country	Centretown United Church is an historic church located in Ottawa, Canada at 507 Bank Street at Argyle in the Centretown area.	Centretown United Church	Canada
country	The Afrikaanse Hoër Seunskool (Afrikaans Boys' High School) also known as Affies, is a public high school for boys situated in the city of Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa.	Afrikaanse Hoër Seunskool	South Africa
country	Muna Regency (Kabupaten Muna) is a regency of Southeast Sulawesi Province of Indonesia, covering the island of Muna.	Muna Regency	Indonesia
country	Prads-Haute-Bléone (Prats Auta Blèuna in Vivaro-Alpine) is a commune in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department and in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in southeastern France.	Prads-Haute-Bléone	France
country	The name was also used for the earldom of Caithness and the Caithness constituency of the Parliament of the United Kingdom (1708 to 1918).	Caithness	United Kingdom
country	Hazelhatch and Celbridge railway station serves the village of Hazelhatch and the neighbouring large town of Celbridge in County Kildare, Ireland.	Hazelhatch and Celbridge railway station	Ireland
country	Jaunsvirlauka parish (Latvian: Jaunsvirlaukas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Jelgava Municipality, Latvia.	Jaunsvirlauka parish	Latvia
country	The Noguera Ribagorçana (Catalan: (nuˈɣeɾə riβəɣurˈsanə) locally: (noˈɣeɾa riβaɣoɾˈsana)) or Noguera Ribagorzana (Spanish: (noˈɣeɾa riβaɣorˈθana)) is a river in northern Spain.	Noguera Ribagorçana	Spain
country	Hambergfjellet is a mountain at the island of Bjørnøya of the Svalbard archipelago, Norway.	Hambergfjellet	Norway
country	Ādaži Airfield (Latvian: Ādažu lidlauks) (ICAO: EVAD) is an airfield in Latvia.	Ādaži Airfield	Latvia
country	Ishëm is a former municipality in the Durrës County, western Albania.	Ishëm	Albania
country	No'am (Hebrew: נֹעַם, נועם, lit. Pleasantness) is a religious moshav in south-central Israel and named after the Biblical book Proverbs 3:17:	No'am	Israel
country	Birnin Kudu is a town and a Local Government Area in the south of Jigawa State, Nigeria some 120 kilometres south-east of Kano.	Birnin Kudu	Nigeria
country	Trebisht (Macedonian: Требиште, Bulgarian: Требище or Требища) is a former municipality in the Dibër County, eastern Albania.	Trebisht	Albania
country	Arctic Bay Airport, (IATA: YAB, ICAO: CYAB, TC LID: CJX7), is an airport located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) southeast of Arctic Bay, Nunavut, Canada.	Arctic Bay Airport	Canada
country	Wijewo (viˈjɛvɔ) is a village in Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wijewo	Poland
country	Gogavan (Armenian: Գոգավան; formerly, Demurchilar) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Gogavan	Armenia
country	Bügsiin River (Mongolian: Бүгсийн Гол) is a river in the Khövsgöl aimag in Mongolia.	Bügsiin River	Mongolia
country	Hashmonaim is located two kilometers east of Modi'in-Maccabim-Re'ut, midway between Jerusalem and Tel Aviv and is under the jurisdiction of the Mateh Binyamin Regional Council of Israel.	Hashmonaim	Israel
country	La Tapoa is a town on the Niger River in the Tillabéri Region of south-western Niger.	La Tapoa	Niger
country	Odra-Pisuerga is a comarca (county, but without administrative roles) located in the west of the province of Burgos, in the autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Odra-Pisuerga	Spain
country	Klenovo (pronounced (klɛˈnɔːʋɔ) or (klɛˈnoːʋɔ)) is a settlement northwest of Rimske Toplice in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia.	Klenovo	Slovenia
country	Ćuprija (Serbian Cyrillic: Ћуприја, pronounced (tɕǔprija), see names in other languages) is a town and administrative district in Serbia, at 43.93° North, 21.38° East.	Ćuprija	Serbia
country	Kaij is a tehsil in Beed District, Maharashtra, India.	Kaij	India
country	Alegranza (Spanish pronunciation: (aleˈɣɾanθa), locally: (aleˈɣɾansa)) is an island in the Atlantic Ocean, located off the coast of Africa and is in the province of Las Palmas in the Canary Islands, Spain.	Alegranza	Spain
country	Ceutí is a municipality in the autonomous region of Murcia in southeastern Spain.	Ceutí	Spain
country	The Roe Plains is a plain in the southeastern corner of Western Australia.	Roe Plains	Australia
country	Gandah Khalu (Persian: گنده خالو‎, also Romanized as Gandah Khālū; also known as Gandakhālū) is a village in Mian Jam Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gandah Khalu	Iran
country	Rehoboth Specialist Hospital, also known simply as Rehoboth Hospital, is a private medical facility in Rivers State, Nigeria.	Rehoboth Specialist Hospital	Nigeria
country	Birinci Meyniman (also, Meyniman Pervoye) is a village and municipality in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Birinci Meyniman	Azerbaijan
country	The Royal Thai Government Gazette (Thai: ราชกิจจานุเบกษา; rtgs: Ratchakitchanubeksa), frequently abbreviated Government Gazette (GG) or Royal Gazette (RG), is the public journal and newspaper of record of Thailand.	Royal Thai Government Gazette	Thailand
country	The Ijen volcano complex is a group of stratovolcanoes in the Banyuwangi Regency of East Java, Indonesia.	Ijen	Indonesia
country	Żelewo (ʐɛˈlɛvɔ) (German: Seelow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Żelewo	Poland
country	Port Bonython is the location of a deepwater port and proposed minerals precinct adjacent to Point Lowly in the Upper Spencer Gulf region of South Australia.	Port Bonython	Australia
country	Eversberg is a town with about 2000 inhabitants in the county of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Eversberg	Germany
country	Degnepollvatnet or Deknepollvatnet, known locally as Polljavatnet, is a 0.0697-square-kilometre (17.2-acre) lake in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Degnepollvatnet	Norway
country	The Faculty of General Dental Practice (FGDP(UK)) was formed in 1992 as the academic home for general dental practitioners in the United Kingdom.	Faculty of General Dental Practice	United Kingdom
country	Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Mingli Sar	Pakistan
country	The Cauca Valley dry forests is a tropical dry broadleaf forest ecoregion in Colombia.	Cauca Valley dry forests	Colombia
country	Saint Olaf's chapel is a chapel in Kumla, Närke, Svealand in Sweden.	Saint Olaf's chapel	Sweden
country	Dow Sari (Persian: دوساري‎, also Romanized as Dow Sārī, Do Sārī, and Dūsāri; also known as Ḩaşārī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dow Sari	Iran
country	The Diawling National Park lies in south west Mauritania around the Senegal River delta.	Diawling National Park	Mauritania
country	Located next to Sengkang MRT/LRT Station, Sengkang Bus Interchange is the second bus interchange in Singapore and the first bus interchange along the North East Line to be air conditioned.	Sengkang Bus Interchange	Singapore
country	Qaracalar (also, Karalar, Karaliar and Karadzhalar) is a village and municipality in the Saatly Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaracalar	Azerbaijan
country	Armenia Dam is a dam in the Leeu River, near Hobhouse, Free State province, South Africa.	Armenia Dam	South Africa
country	The Clérette is a river of Normandy, France, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) in length, flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime.	Clérette	France
country	The El Carrizal Dam (in Spanish, Embalse El Carrizal) is a dam on the upper-middle course of the Tunuyán River, in the center-north of the province of Mendoza, Argentina upstream from the city of Rivadavia.	El Carrizal Dam	Argentina
country	Barro Colorado Island (BCI) is located in the man-made Gatun Lake in the middle of the Panama Canal.	Barro Colorado Island	Panama
country	Mont Turia is a shoulder on the north ridge of Mont Pourri in Savoie, France.	Mont Turia	France
country	Haft Asiab (Persian: هفت اسياب‎, also Romanized as Haft Āsīāb and Haft Āsyāb) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Haft Asiab	Iran
country	Begovo Brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Бегово Брдо) is a village in Kruševac, Rasina district, Serbia.	Begovo Brdo	Serbia
country	Bagabag Airport (IATA: BGN, ICAO: RPUZ) is an airport serving the area of the town of Bagabag, located in Nueva Vizcaya in the Philippines.	Bagabag Airport	Philippines
country	Alvarlu (Persian: الوارلو‎, also Romanized as Alvārlū and Ālvārlū; also known as Alwari and Gūzī Raj``īn) is a village in Zanjanrud-e Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 21 families.	Alvarlu	Iran
country	Schloss Elmau, built by Carl Sattler in the style of Reformarchitektur during WW1 between 1914 and 1916, is a two-story listed monument with hipped roof, tower and porch, situated between Garmisch-Partenkirchen and Mittenwald in Bavaria, Germany.	Schloss Elmau	Germany
country	The Ardière (also Ardières) is a river in the Rhône department of France.	Ardière	France
country	Mehrabpur Junction railway station (Urdu: محراب پور جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎) is located in Mehrabpur city, Naushahro Feroze district of Sindh province of the Pakistan.	Mehrabpur Junction railway station	Pakistan
country	The Solo Batik Carnival or SBC (Indonesian Karnaval Batik Solo) is an annual carnival held in Solo City (Surakarta City), Indonesia.	Solo Batik Carnival	Indonesia
country	Tambov Donskoye Airport (IATA: TBW, ICAO: UUOT) is an airport serving city of Tambov, located in Donskoye, 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of Tambov, in the Tambov Oblast of Russia.	Tambov Donskoye Airport	Russia
country	Flow Energy is an energy company in the United Kingdom.	Flow Energy	United Kingdom
country	The palatial Late Antique Roman villa at La Olmeda is situated in Pedrosa de la Vega in the province of Palencia (Castile and León, Spain), near the banks of the Carrión.	La Olmeda	Spain
country	Sefid Khani-ye Jadid (Persian: سفيدخاني جديد‎, also Romanized as Sefīd Khānī-ye Jadīd; also known as Sefīd Khānī and Qaryeh-ye Sefīd Khānī) is a village in Suri Rural District, Suri District, Rumeshkhan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sefid Khani-ye Jadid	Iran
country	Soltaniyeh Hajjiabad (Persian: سلطانيه حاجي اباد‎, also Romanized as Solṭānīyeh Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Agahan Rural District, Kolyai District, Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Soltaniyeh Hajjiabad	Iran
country	Karosta (War Port) is a neighbourhood in the north of Liepāja in western Latvia by the Baltic sea.	Karosta	Latvia
country	Molla Basak (Persian: ملاباسك‎, also Romanized as Mollā Bāsak; also known as Mollā Bāstak) is a village in Margavar Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Molla Basak	Iran
country	Södra Bankohuset (Swedish: ``The Southern (National) Bank Building'') or Gamla Riksbanken (``The Old National Bank'') is a building in Gamla stan, the old town of Stockholm, Sweden, together with Norra Bankohuset the location of the Bank of Sweden until 1906.	Södra Bankohuset	Sweden
country	Foro Italico University of Rome (Italian: Università degli Studi di Roma ``Foro italico''), formerly known as the University Institute of Motor Sciences (Italian: Istituto Universitario di Scienze Motorie, IUSM) is a public research university located in Rome, Italy.	Foro Italico University of Rome	Italy
country	Deutsch-Französisches Institut or dFi (as per homepage) is an institute offering cultural exchange between Germany and France in Erlangen.	Deutsch-Französisches Institut	Germany
country	The Rathen Open Air Stage (German: Felsenbühne Rathen) is a natural stage in Saxon Switzerland in East Germany.	Rathen Open Air Stage	Germany
country	Qaratağlar (also, Karataglar) is a village in the Dashkasan Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Qaratağlar	Azerbaijan
country	Aqa Mohammad (Persian: اقامحمد‎, also Romanized as Āqā Moḥammad) is a village in Mamulan Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Aqa Mohammad	Iran
country	Pijana Gora (pronounced (piˈjaːna ˈɡɔːɾa)) is a remote settlement north of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Pijana Gora	Slovenia
country	Holåbreen is a glacier in the municipalities Skjåk and Luster, Norway.	Holåbreen	Norway
country	Malni (pronounced (ˈmaːlni)) is a small settlement north of Velike Bloke in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.	Malni	Slovenia
country	Wrocław County (Polish: powiat wrocławski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship, south-western Poland.	Wrocław County	Poland
country	Tel Keppe District (Syriac: ܬܠ ܟܐܦܐ‎) is a district in Ninawa Governorate, Iraq.	Tel Keppe District	Iraq
country	The University of Manitoba (U of M) is a public university in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	University of Manitoba	Canada
country	Machaire Rabhartaigh (formerly anglicized as Magheraroarty), meaning ``plane of the spring tide/plane of roarty'', is a Gaeltacht village and townland on the north-west coast of County Donegal, Ireland.	Machaire Rabhartaigh	Ireland
country	The City of Sunshine was a local government area about 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	City of Sunshine	Australia
country	Sauga (German: Sauck) is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Pärnu County, southwestern Estonia.	Sauga	Estonia
country	Mashare is a settlement in the Kavango East Region of Namibia, just east of Rundu, the regional capital.	Mashare	Namibia
country	The Remarkables are a mountain range and skifield in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand.	The Remarkables	New Zealand
country	Qinarjeh-ye Sofla (Persian: قينرجه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qīnarjeh-ye Soflá; also known as Qanīzjeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qinarjeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Detwoc is a Shilluk village in the state of Upper Nile in South Sudan, and is situated on the western bank of the Nile river, 16 kilometres (10 mi) from the town of Kodok, which is approximately two hours by boat north of the state capital Malakal.	Detwoc	South Sudan
country	La Cabeza de Béjar is a mountainous village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile and León.	La Cabeza de Béjar	Spain
country	The Bangulzai Hills are a low mountain range located in the Kalat District of Balochistan Province, in southwestern Pakistan.	Bangulzai Hills	Pakistan
country	İsalar is a village in the municipality of Əfətli in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan.	İsalar	Azerbaijan
country	St. Anthony Airport (IATA: YAY, ICAO: CYAY) is located 19 nautical miles (35 km; 22 mi) west northwest of St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	St. Anthony Airport	Canada
country	The Rajdhani Express is a series of express passenger train services in India operated by Indian Railways connecting New Delhi with other important destinations (mostly capital cities of other states).	Rajdhani Express	India
country	The Parliament of Scotland, officially the Estates of Parliament, was the legislature of the Kingdom of Scotland.	Parliament of Scotland	Kingdom of Scotland
country	Caye Chapel is a small, privately owned island in Belize, 16 miles (26 km) north-northeast of Belize City and 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Caye Caulker.	Caye Chapel	Belize
country	The Casa de Murillo is a historical house in Seville, Andalusia, Spain, at number 8, calle Santa Teresa, in the historic Barrio de Santa Cruz.	Casa de Murillo	Spain
country	The Floarea River or Pârâul Floarei is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania	Floarea River	Romania
country	The Tully Falls, a horsetail chute waterfall on the Tully River, is located in the UNESCO World Heritage--listed Wet Tropics in the Far North region of Queensland, Australia.	Tully Falls	Australia
country	The Boix House, also known as Teotico-Crespo House or Casa Boix, is a heritage house located in Quiapo, Manila, Philippines.	Boix House	Philippines
country	Semyonovsky Bridge or Semenovsky Bridge (Russian: Семёновский Мост) is a bridge across the Fontanka River in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Semyonovsky Bridge	Russia
country	Qıvraq (also, Givrakh, Kivrag, Kivrakh, Kyvrak, and Kyvrakh) is a village and municipality in, and is the administrative center of, the Kangarli Rayon of Nakhchivan, Azerbaijan.	Qıvraq	Azerbaijan
country	Niżowa (niˈʐɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Niżowa	Poland
country	Brookby School is a primary school in New Zealand.	Brookby School	New Zealand
country	Khatt is a mountainous village south-east of the city of Ras Al Khaimah, United Arab Emirates.	Khatt	United Arab Emirates
country	Leer County is an administrative division of Unity State (or Western Upper Nile) in South Sudan.	Leer County	South Sudan
country	El Mirador is a large pre-Columbian Mayan settlement, located in the north of the modern department of El Petén, Guatemala.	El Mirador	Guatemala
country	The Decorative Arts Society (DAS) is a charitable society based in the United Kingdom.	The Decorative Arts Society	United Kingdom
country	Royal Arena is an upcoming multi-use indoor arena in Ørestad Syd, a new development in the city of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Royal Arena	Denmark
country	Mendata is a village and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Mendata	Spain
country	The Chiesa di San Leonardo in Arcetri is a Roman Catholic church in Florence, Italy.	San Leonardo in Arcetri	Italy
country	Bergenhausen is an Ortsgemeinde -- a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality -- in the Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis (district) in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Bergenhausen	Germany
country	The Queensway is a major street in the municipalities of Toronto and Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	The Queensway	Canada
country	Kiswarani (Aymara kiswara Buddleja incana, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with kiswara'', hispanicized spelling Quisuarani) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru.	Kiswarani	Peru
country	The Stentoften Runestone, listed in the Rundata catalog as DR 357, is a runestone which contains a curse in Proto-Norse that was discovered in Stentoften, Blekinge, Sweden.	Stentoften Runestone	Sweden
country	Kokhav Michael (Hebrew: כּוֹכַב מִיכָאֵל, lit. Star of Michael) is a moshav in southern Israel.	Kokhav Michael	Israel
country	Hakgala Strict Nature Reserve is one of the three strict nature reserves in Sri Lanka, the only one in the wet zone.	Hakgala Strict Nature Reserve	Sri Lanka
country	The Abbey DLD Colleges Group is a group of independent sixth form colleges based in the United Kingdom, in London, Manchester, Birmingham and Cambridge.	Abbey DLD Colleges Group	United Kingdom
country	Skydive Empuriabrava is the brand that has been commercially operating Empuriabrava Aerodrome (on the Empuriabrava residential estate of the town of Castelló d'Empúries, Costa Brava, Girona province, Catalonia, Spain) since 1985.	Skydive Empuriabrava	Spain
country	Palur is a small village in Kanchipuram district in India.	Palur	India
country	Zámutov (Hungarian: Opálhegy) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia.	Zámutov	Slovakia
country	The Union for Trentino (Italian: Unione per il Trentino, UpT) is a regionalist and Christian-democratic political party active in Trentino, Italy.	Union for Trentino	Italy
country	Khlong Yai is a town (thesaban mueang) in Trat Province in southeast Thailand, capital of the Khlong Yai District, of which it covers part of the tambon Khlong Yai.	Khlong Yai	Thailand
country	Yellicə (also, Yellidzha) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yellicə	Azerbaijan
country	Ogrody Królewskie na Wawelu is a botanical garden and museum in Kraków, Poland.	Ogrody Królewskie na Wawelu	Poland
country	Shkumbin (definite Albanian form: Shkumbini, Latin: Genusus) is a river in central Albania, flowing into the Adriatic Sea.	Shkumbin	Albania
country	St Ignatius' Church, Richmond is a Catholic Church located in the Melbourne suburb of Richmond, Victoria, Australia.	St Ignatius' Church, Richmond	Australia
country	La Malahá is a municipality located in the province of Granada, Spain.	La Malahá	Spain
country	Angoche is a city of Nampula Province in Mozambique.	Angoche	Mozambique
country	Rožanec (pronounced (ɾɔˈʒaːnəts)) is a settlement north of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Rožanec	Slovenia
country	Santa Maria dell’Aiuto or Holy Mary of Succour is a Baroque-style church, located at Vico S Maria dell'Aiuto number 10, near the church of Santa Maria la Nova in Naples, Italy	Santa Maria dell’Aiuto	Italy
country	Col d'Allos (elevation 2,250 m (7,380 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France.	Col d'Allos	France
country	Las Palas (37°39′N 1°09′W) is a village, situated in the autonomous region of Murcia in South East Spain.	Las Palas	Spain
country	The Burroughes Building was built in Toronto, Canada, in 1907 with an addition in 1910, as the flagship department store for the F.C. Burroughes Furniture Company Limited.	Burroughes Building	Canada
country	The Port of Klaipėda is a seaport located in Klaipėda, Lithuania.	Port of Klaipėda	Lithuania
country	The Bekily District is a district in the Androy Region, located in southeastern Madagascar.	Bekily District	Madagascar
country	Yuxarı Tala (also, Birindzhi-Tala and Yukhary-Tala; Avar: Эхеди Тала) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yuxarı Tala	Azerbaijan
country	Stare Marzy (ˈstarɛ ˈmaʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dragacz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Stare Marzy	Poland
country	Kani Kowtar (Persian: كاني كوتر‎, also Romanized as Kānī Kowtar) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kani Kowtar	Iran
country	Kalidas Rangalaya is one of Bihar's well-known theatres and a center for cultural performances in Patna, India.	Kalidas Rangalaya	India
country	The Gumyoshevsky mine (Russian: Гумёшевский рудник, tr. Gumjoshevskij rudnik), also called Gumeshki, Gumeshevsky or Gumishevskoye mine is a copper mine located in in the town of Polevskoy, in Sverdlovsk Oblast of Russia.	Gumyoshevsky mine	Russia
country	Gulf International Bank (GIB) was established in 1975 during the first oil boom and is incorporated in the Kingdom of Bahrain as a conventional wholesale bank.	Gulf International Bank	Bahrain
country	Chogolisa (or Bride Peak) is a mountain in the Karakoram region of Pakistan.	Chogolisa	Pakistan
country	Poprad Landscape Park (Popradzki Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in southern Poland, named after the Poprad river running through it.	Poprad Landscape Park	Poland
country	Kirateshwar Mahadev Temple is a Hindu temple, identified to be a Hindu pilgrimage site which is located in Legship, West Sikkim, India along the banks of River Rangeet, which has many mythological episodes of the Mahabharata attached to it.	Legship	India
country	Miłaki (miˈwaki) (German: Müngen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Miłaki	Poland
country	Galu Salar (Persian: گلوسالار‎, also Romanized as Galū Sālār and Golūsālār; also known as Gulu Sālār and Kalū Sālār) is a village in Khenaman Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Galu Salar	Iran
country	Qeshlaq-e Chatameh Gholam (Persian: قشلاق چتمه غلام‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Chatameh Gholām) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Chatameh Gholam	Iran
country	Sénart (formerly Melun-Sénart) is a new town in southern Île-de-France, covering parts of the departments of Seine-et-Marne and Essonne.	Sénart	France
country	Dantewada (also known as Dantewara) is a town and a nagar panchayat in the Dantewada district in the state of Chhattisgarh, India.	Dantewada	India
country	Przydroże Małe (pʂɨˈdrɔʐɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Przydroże Małe	Poland
country	Omsk Metro (Russian: О́мский метрополите́н, Omsky metropoliten) is a rapid transit line that has been in various phases of construction since 1992 in Omsk, Russia.	Omsk Metro	Russia
country	Pljevlja Power Station situated in Pljevlja is the only coal-fired power station in Montenegro.	Pljevlja Power Station	Montenegro
country	The Baja California Peninsula (English: Lower California Peninsula, Spanish: Península de Baja California) is a peninsula in Northwestern Mexico.	Baja California Peninsula	Mexico
country	Vahdatiyeh (Persian: وحدتيه‎; also Romanized as Vaḩdattīyeh) is a city in Sadabad District, in Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Vahdatiyeh	Iran
country	Tsuen Wan Plaza (Chinese: 荃灣廣場) is a private housing estate and shopping mall in Tsuen Wan, New Territories, Hong Kong, located near the MTR Tsuen Wan West Station, Tsuen Wan Ferry Pier, Nina Tower, Skyline Plaza, Citywalk and Citywalk 2.	Tsuen Wan Plaza	Hong Kong
country	Qal'eh Dokhtar, Ghale Dokhtar , Dezh Dokhtar (Persian: دژ دختر‎, ``The Maiden Castle''), is a castle made by Ardashir I, in present day Kerman, Iran, in 209 AD.	Qal'eh Dokhtar	Iran
country	Ponte Nova da Cava da Velha is an old Roman bridge in Portugal.	Ponte Nova da Cava da Velha	Portugal
country	Sohraj (Persian: سهرج‎, also Romanized as Sohrej) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sohraj	Iran
country	Eyserheide (English: Eys heathland, Limburgish: Ezerhei) is a hamlet in the southeastern Netherlands.	Eyserheide	Netherlands
country	Kilraghtis (Irish: Cill Reachtais) is a civil parish of County Clare, Ireland.	Kilraghtis	Ireland
country	Llers is a municipality in the comarca of Alt Empordà, Girona, Catalonia, Spain	Llers	Spain
country	The island of Makira (also known as San Cristóbal) is the largest island of Makira-Ulawa Province in the Solomon Islands.	Makira	Solomon Islands
country	Ngataki is a community on the Aupouri Peninsula in Northland, New Zealand.	Ngataki	New Zealand
country	Nuussuup Nuua (old spelling: Nûgssûp Nûa) is a cape in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Nuussuup Nuua	Greenland
country	The Château de Tournoël is a medieval fortified castle partly in ruins in the commune of Volvic, in the Puy-de-Dôme département of France.	Château de Tournoël	France
country	Tud (Persian: تود‎, also Romanized as Tūd; also known as Tūt) is a village in Zaboli Rural District, in the Central District of Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Tud	Iran
country	Latur Taluka (लातूर तहसिल) is a taluka (an administrative subdivision) of Latur District in Maharashtra, India.	Latur Taluka	India
country	Łańcut County (Polish: powiat łańcucki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Łańcut County	Poland
country	Wybranówko (vɨbraˈnufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wybranówko	Poland
country	Fiumicino (Italian: (fjumiˈtʃiːno)) is a town and comune in the province of Rome, Lazio, central Italy.	Fiumicino	Italy
country	Neqab (Persian: نقاب‎, also Romanized as Neqāb) is a city in and the capital of Jowayin County, in Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Neqab	Iran
country	Grey Lynn is an inner residential suburb of Auckland City, New Zealand, located three kilometres to the west of the city centre.	Grey Lynn	New Zealand
country	Tomsk Avia, LLC (Russian: ООО ``Авиакомпания ``Томск Авиа'') was an airline based in Tomsk, Russia. It operate domestic passenger and cargo services and charters until 04.2015.	Tomsk Avia	Russia
country	Phú Quý is a small island located about 100 km from Phan Thiết city, Vietnam.	Phú Quý	Vietnam
country	The 2010 Mindanao earthquakes occurred in the Southern Philippines in the Moro Gulf.	2010 Mindanao earthquakes	Philippines
country	Nalook is a barangay of Kalibo, Aklan, Philippines.	Nalook	Philippines
country	The German Alpine Club (German: Deutscher Alpenverein, DAV) is the world's largest climbing association and the eighth largest sports union in Germany.	German Alpine Club	Germany
country	The Penghu or Pescadores Islands are an archipelago of 64 islands and islets in the Taiwan Strait.	Penghu	Taiwan
country	Slottsbron is a locality situated in Grums Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 1,039 inhabitants in 2010.	Slottsbron	Sweden
country	Barczewo Castle (Polish: Zamek w Barczewie) was a castle in Barczewo, Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, Poland.	Barczewo Castle	Poland
country	Sultan Mahmud Ghaznavi Mosque (Odigram) is one of the oldest in northern Pakistan, discovered by the Italian Archaeological Mission in Pakistan in 1985.	Mahmud Ghaznavi Mosque (Odigram)	Pakistan
country	North Kynouria or Vóreia Kynouría (Greek: Βόρεια Κυνουρία) is a municipality in Arcadia, Greece.	North Kynouria	Greece
country	Club Real América is a football club from Santa Cruz, Bolivia currently playing at Santa Cruz Primera A, one of the first division regional leagues.	Club Real América	Bolivia
country	Gornje Laze (pronounced (ˈɡoːɾnjɛ ˈlaːzɛ); German: Oberlase) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southeastern Slovenia.	Gornje Laze	Slovenia
country	The Château de Belœil is a château situated in the municipality of Belœil in the province of Hainaut, Belgium.	Château de Belœil	Belgium
country	Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies (Arabic: كلية ابن سينا الأهلية للعلوم الطبية‎) is the First private medical college of higher education under the supervision of the Ministry of higher Education, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Ibn Sina National College for Medical Studies	Saudi Arabia
country	Det Nødvendige Seminarium (DNS) (English: The Necessary Teacher Training College) is a private teacher training college located in Denmark.	Det Nødvendige Seminarium	Denmark
country	Banff Upper Hot Springs are commercially developed hot springs located in Banff National Park in Canada, near the Banff townsite.	Banff Upper Hot Springs	Canada
country	Soberanía National Park (Parque Nacional Soberanía) is a national park in Panama near the banks of the Panama Canal in the provinces of Panamá and Colón, some 25 kilometres (16 mi) from Panama City.	Soberanía National Park	Panama
country	The Batwing Spaceshot is a thrill ride located at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast, Australia.	Batwing Spaceshot	Australia
country	Welikanda is a small town on the Baticallo Polonnaruwa main road located in and developing cityPolonnaruwa District in North Central Province, Sri Lanka.	Welikanda	Sri Lanka
country	Imbros and Tenedos, also known by their official names since 1970 of Gökçeada and Bozcaada, are two are neighboring North Aegean islands which belong to Turkey.	Imbros and Tenedos	Turkey
country	Prosotsani (Greek: Προσοτσάνη, formerly Πυρσόπολις - Pyrsopolis, Bulgarian: Просечен, Prosechen, Turkish: Pürsıçan) is a municipality and town within the municipality located in the western part of the Drama regional unit in Greece.	Prosotsani	Greece
country	The Mount Nimba mine is a large iron mine located in southern Guinea in the Nzérékoré Region.	Mount Nimba mine	Guinea
country	Bartovice (Polish: Bartowice, German: Bartelsdorf) is a part of the city of Ostrava, Moravian-Silesian Region in the Czech Republic.	Bartovice	Czech Republic
country	Bojacá is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.	Bojacá	Colombia
country	Vembarpatti is small urban town which is located Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu, India.	Vembarpatti	India
country	Breg pri Sinjem Vrhu (pronounced (ˈbɾeːk pɾi ˈsiːnjɛm ˈʋəɾxu)) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Kolpa River in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia.	Breg pri Sinjem Vrhu	Slovenia
country	Tauragė County (Lithuanian: Tauragės apskritis) is one of ten counties in Lithuania.	Tauragė County	Lithuania
country	Ab Shib (Persian: اب شيب‎, also Romanized as Āb Shīb; also known as Ābshi) is a village in Hashivar Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Shib	Iran
country	Anageia (Greek: Αναγεια) is a village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, adjacent to the village of Deftera.	Anageia	Cyprus
country	Male Češnjice (pronounced (ˈmaːlɛ ˈtʃeːnjitsɛ); in older sources also Male Črešnjice, German: Kleintscheschenze) is a small settlement just north of Šentvid pri Stični in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Male Češnjice	Slovenia
country	Devín Gate or Hainburger Gate (Slovak: Devínska brána, German: Hainburger Pforte) is a natural gate in the Danube valley at the border of Slovakia and Austria.	Devín Gate	Slovakia
country	Koshkuiyeh (Persian: كشكوئيه‎, also Romanized as Koshkū’īyeh and Kashkū’īyeh; also known as Qūshk, and Kūshku) is a city in and the capital of Koshkuiyeh District, in Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Koshkuiyeh	Iran
country	Temyan (Russian: Темьянь) is a village in Zaoksky District of Tula Oblast, Russia.	Temyan	Russia
country	Coster Diamonds is one of the oldest still operating diamond polishing factories in Amsterdam, The Netherlands.	Coster Diamonds	Netherlands
country	The Batangas Province Science High School (Mataas na Paaralang Pang-Agham ng Lalawigan ng Batangas) is a public residential science high school system located in Dacanlao, Calaca, Batangas, Philippines that focuses on the intensive study of science, mathematics and technology.	Batangas Province Science High School	Philippines
country	Arnaiz Avenue, also known by its former names Libertad Road and Pasay Road, is a major east-west collector road that links Makati and Pasay in the Philippines.	Arnaiz Avenue	Philippines
country	The Metrotranvía Mendoza (Spanish for Mendoza Light Rail or fast tramway) is a public light rail transport system for the city of Mendoza, Argentina, served by articulated light rail cars operating on newly relaid tracks in former-General San Martín Railway mainline right-of-way.	Metrotranvía Mendoza	Argentina
country	Karuiyeh (Persian: كروئيه‎, also Romanized as Karū``īyeh; also known as Kerūyeh and Kīrū) is a village in Ruydar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,167, in 318 families.	Karuiyeh	Iran
country	Termessos (Greek Τερμησσός) was a Pisidian city built at an altitude of more than 1000 metres at the south-west side of the mountain Solymos (modern-day Güllük Dağı) in the Taurus Mountains (modern-day Antalya province, Turkey).	Termessos	Turkey
country	Alberobello (Italian: (ˌalberoˈbɛllo); literally ``beautiful tree'') is a small town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia, southern Italy.	Alberobello	Italy
country	Čvrsnica is a mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina, located in northern Herzegovina, most of the mountain is located in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton municipalities of Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of the mountain, around 10% is located in the municipality of Posušje.	Čvrsnica	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Abronamoué is a village in eastern Ivory Coast.	Abronamoué	Ivory Coast
country	The Cahill Expressway is an urban freeway in Sydney and was the first freeway constructed in Australia, opening to traffic in 1958.	Cahill Expressway	Australia
country	Netolice (Czech pronunciation: (ˈnɛtolɪtsɛ); German: Netolitz) is a town in the South Bohemian Region, the Czech Republic.	Netolice	Czech Republic
country	Rancho Santa Inés Airstrip (ICAO: MM23), also known as Cataviña Airstrip, is a public airstrip located South of Cataviña, Municipality of Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico, just in the middle of the Cataviña Desert National Reserve.	Rancho Santa Inés Airstrip	Mexico
country	The Kangaroo Hoppet is a long distance cross-country skiing race in Australia.	Kangaroo Hoppet	Australia
country	Petit Piton is one of two mountains overlooking Soufrière Bay in the southwest of Saint Lucia.	Petit Piton	Saint Lucia
country	Kfar Aviv (Hebrew: כְּפַר אָבִיב, lit. Village of Spring) is a moshav in the South District of Israel, near Ashdod.	Kfar Aviv	Israel
country	Paiania (Greek: Παιανία, before 1915: Λιόπεσι - Liopesi, Arvanitika: Liopësi) is a town and a municipality in East Attica, Greece.	Paiania	Greece
country	The Jason Islands (Spanish: Islas Sebaldes) are an archipelago in the Falkland Islands, lying to the far north-west of West Falkland.	Jason Islands	Falkland Islands
country	Sanaroa Island is an island, part of D'Entrecasteaux Islands in Papua New Guinea, located east of Fergusson Island in Milne Bay Province, at 9.6166667°S 151°E.	Sanaroa Island	Papua New Guinea
country	J. S. Woodsworth Secondary School was a high school in the Borden Farm neighborhood of Ottawa (formerly Nepean), Ontario, Canada from 1973-2005.	J. S. Woodsworth Secondary School	Canada
country	Wólka Czepowa (ˈvulka t͡ʂɛˈpɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłodawa, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wólka Czepowa	Poland
country	Paloznak is a village in the region of Balatonfüred, Veszprém county, Hungary.	Paloznak	Hungary
country	Barriles Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Barriles, IATA: TOQ, ICAO: SCBE) is a public use airport located 15 kilometres (9 mi) east-southeast of Tocopilla, Antofagasta, Chile.	Barriles Airport	Chile
country	Maja e Gurit të Topit is a mountain peak in the Valamara range, in eastern Albania.	Maja e Gurit të Topit	Albania
country	Tark-e Viran (Persian: ترك ويران‎, also Romanized as Tark-e Vīrān) is a village in Hulasu Rural District, in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tark-e Viran	Iran
country	The Jusa Mountains are a minor range in southeastern South Korea.	Jusa Mountains	South Korea
country	The Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame, located at the Canada Science and Technology Museum in Ottawa, Ontario, honours Canadians who have made outstanding contributions to society in science and engineering.	Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame	Canada
country	Chat Warin Waterfall (Thai: น้ำตกฉัตรวาริน) is a waterfall in Tambon To Teng, near Narathiwat, Thailand.	Chat Warin Waterfall	Thailand
country	Medio Atrato (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmeðjo aˈtɾato)) is a municipality and town in the Chocó Department, Colombia.	Medio Atrato	Colombia
country	Toronto Life is a monthly Canadian magazine about entertainment, politics and life in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Toronto Life	Canada
country	Wischhafen (low German Wischhoben) is a municipality in the district of Stade, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Wischhafen	Germany
country	Tasbandi (Persian: طاسبندي‎, also Romanized as Ţāsbandī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tasbandi	Iran
country	Sheregesh (Russian: Шерегеш) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Tashtagolsky District of Kemerovo Oblast, Russia.	Sheregesh	Russia
country	Finnish national road 29 (Finnish: Valtatie 29; Swedish: Riksväg 29) is a highway in Finland between Keminmaa and Tornio.	Finnish national road 29	Finland
country	Sato'alepai is a village situated on the central north coast of the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Sato'alepai	Samoa
country	The Nádasdy Mansion is a neo-gothic style manor house designed by István Linzbauer and Alajos Hauszmann situated on 24 hectares in Nádasdladány, Hungary.	Nádasdy Mansion	Hungary
country	The Col d'Èze is a mountain pass in the Alpes-Maritimes department of France.	Col d'Èze	France
country	Semberija (Cyrillic: Семберија, pronounced (sɛ̌mbɛːrija)) is a geographical region in north-eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Semberija	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Breiðá is a river on the island of Vágar in the Faroe Islands.	Breiðá	Faroe Islands
country	Vestiena parish (Latvian: Vestienas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality, Latvia.	Vestiena parish	Latvia
country	Tambao Airport (IATA: TMQ, ICAO: DFEM) is an airstrip serving the manganese mining site of Tambao in the Oudalan Province, part of the Sahel Region of Burkina Faso.	Tambao Airport	Burkina Faso
country	Ampa Skywalk, is a shopping mall in Chennai, India.	Ampa Skywalk	India
country	Dorre Island is one of three islands that make up the Bernier and Dorre Island Nature Reserve in the Shark Bay World Heritage area in Western Australia.	Dorre Island	Australia
country	Asghari is a town of Sahiwal District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Asghari	Pakistan
country	Tehuacalco is an archeological site located near the city of Chilpancingo, Guerrero, Mexico.	Tehuacalco	Mexico
country	Lesce (pronounced (lɛˈstsɛ)) is a town in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Lesce	Slovenia
country	The Party of the Democratic Revolution (Spanish: Partido de la Revolución Democrática, PRD) is a social democratic political party in Mexico that champions democracy.	Party of the Democratic Revolution	Mexico
country	Chandahandi is a town and Block in Nabarangpur District in Odisha State in India.	Chandahandi	India
country	The African Museum of Lyon (Musée Africain de Lyon) is the oldest museum in France dedicated to Africa, and one of the oldest museums in Lyon.	African Museum of Lyon	France
country	Klępiny (klɛmˈpinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klępiny	Poland
country	Qarayi (Persian: قرایی‎, also Romanized as Qarāyī; also known as Qareh Evlī) is a village in Dasht Rural District, Silvaneh District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarayi	Iran
country	The Torre di Moravola is a 10th-century medieval watch tower built in Umbria, central Italy, to guard the southern approaches of Montone by the Fortebraccio, a condottieri family of the Renaissance.	Torre di Moravola	Italy
country	The Yixian Formation (simplified Chinese: 义县组; traditional Chinese: 義縣組; pinyin: Yìxiàn zǔ) is a geological formation in Jinzhou, Liaoning, People's Republic of China, that spans 11 million years during the early Cretaceous period.	Yixian Formation	People's Republic of China
country	Nousiainen (Finnish pronunciation: (ˈnousiˌɑinen); Swedish: Nousis) is a municipality of Finland.	Nousiainen	Finland
country	Al Muteena (Arabic: المطينة‎) is a locality in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE).	Al Muteena	United Arab Emirates
country	Mowtowr-e Kandal (Persian: موتوركندل‎) is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Kandal	Iran
country	The Graz International Bilingual School (GIBS) is an Austrian bilingual (English/German)university preparatory semi-independent charter school Gymnasium in Graz, Austria.	Graz International Bilingual School	Austria
country	Bulgurca was a village about 20 km south of Izmir, Turkey.	Bulgurca	Turkey
country	Cunud (also, Cunut and Dzhunut) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Cunut	Azerbaijan
country	Touat-Cheikh Sidi Mohamed Belkebir Airport (IATA: AZR, ICAO: DAUA) is a public airport located 6 nm (11 km) southeast of Adrar, the capital of the Adrar province (wilaya) in Algeria.	Touat-Cheikh Sidi Mohamed Belkebir Airport	Algeria
country	Sidi Mahdi Airport (IATA: TGR, ICAO: DAUK) is an airport serving Touggourt, a city in the Ouargla Province of eastern Algeria.	Sidi Mahdi Airport	Algeria
country	Bardkandeh (Persian: بركنده‎; also known as Bardkandi) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bardkandeh	Iran
country	Peygodar-e Chah-e Huz (Persian: پيگدارچاه حوض‎, also Romanized as Peygodār-e Chāh-e Ḩūz̤; also known as Peygodār) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Peygodar-e Chah-e Huz	Iran
country	Cave of the Crystals or Giant Crystal Cave (Spanish: Cueva de los Cristales) is a cave connected to the Naica Mine 300 metres (980 ft) below the surface in Naica, Chihuahua, Mexico.	Cave of the Crystals	Mexico
country	Berne eXchange (BX) is the stock exchange of Bern, Switzerland.	Berne eXchange	Switzerland
country	Europos Parkas (the ``Park of Europe'') is a 50-hectare open-air museum located 17 km from Vilnius, Lithuania.	Europos Parkas	Lithuania
country	The Ochkhamuri river (Georgian: ოჩხამური) is a river in Adjara, Georgia, a left tributary to the Choloki.	Ochkhamuri river	Georgia
country	Rajouri Garden is an upscale market and residential neighbourhood in West Delhi, India.	Rajouri Garden	India
country	The 2012 UEFA Champions League Final was a football match which took place on Saturday, 19 May 2012 between Bayern Munich of Germany and Chelsea of England at the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany.	2012 UEFA Champions League Final	Germany
country	Flying High Bird Sanctuary (formerly Flying High Bird Habitat) is the largest free-flight aviary in Australia and has over 2000 birds.	Flying High Bird Sanctuary	Australia
country	Čimerno (pronounced (ˈtʃiːmɛɾnɔ)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Čimerno	Slovenia
country	Slivnice (Cyrillic: Сливнице) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Slivnice	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Lavandevil Rural District (Persian: دهستان لوندويل‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lavandevil Rural District	Iran
country	Marathon Futurex is proposed to be the tallest commercial property in India.	Marathon Futurex	India
country	Sidi M'Hamed (Arabic: سيدي امحمد‎) is a municipality in Algiers Province, Algeria.	Sidi M'Hamed	Algeria
country	Forlimpopoli is a town and comune in the province of Forlì-Cesena, north-eastern Italy.	Forlimpopoli	Italy
country	The Mari Autonomous Oblast was created on November 4, 1920, as on region of the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic.	Mari Autonomous Oblast	Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic
country	Chak Bhola (Urdu: چک بھولا‎) is a village situated in the district of Gujrat, Pakistan.	Chak Bhola	Pakistan
country	Hadzhidimovo Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Хаджидимово, Obshtina Hadzhidimovo) is situated in the southeastern part of Blagoevgrad Province in southwestern Bulgaria.	Hadzhidimovo Municipality	Bulgaria
country	The Diocese of Vyatka and Slobodskoy (Russian: Вятская и Слободская епархия, Vyatskaya i Slobodskaya yeparkhiya) is a diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church which covers the exact territory of Kirov Oblast, Russia.	Diocese of Vyatka and Slobodskoy	Russia
country	Moala Airport (IATA: MFJ, ICAO: NFMO) is an airport serving Moala, the main island of the Moala Islands, a subgroup of the Lau Islands in Fiji.	Moala Airport	Fiji
country	Am Timan Airport (IATA: AMC, ICAO: FTTN) is an airport serving Am Timan in Chad.	Am Timan Airport	Chad
country	Celista is a small community located along the north shore of Shuswap Lake in British Columbia, Canada.	Celista	Canada
country	The Basilica of St. Michael, Bordeaux, is a Flamboyant Gothic church in Bordeaux, France, built between the end of 14th century and the 16th century.	Basilica of St. Michael, Bordeaux	France
country	The Altai Mountains (Altay Mountains) are a mountain range in Central Asia, where Russia, China, Mongolia and Kazakhstan come together, and are where the rivers Irtysh and Ob have their headwaters.	Altai Mountains	Kazakhstan
country	The Great Eastern Ranges extend from southern Victoria to north of Cairns in Queensland, Australia, encompassing the Great Dividing Range and the Great Escarpment -- two very old, mountainous, sometimes undulating and occasionally tableland landscapes situated on the eastern side of the continent.	Great Eastern Ranges	Australia
country	Brahmanpally is a village in Rangareddy district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Brahmanpally	India
country	Sławoszów (swaˈvɔʂuf) is a village located in Poland, in the Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Głubczyce, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Sławoszów	Poland
country	Dalaman Airport (IATA: DLM, ICAO: LTBS) is an international airport and one of three serving south-west Turkey, the others being Milas-Bodrum Airport and Antalya Airport.	Dalaman Airport	Turkey
country	Kuusisaari (Finnish), Granö (Swedish) is an island and a neighborhood of Helsinki, Finland.	Kuusisaari	Finland
country	Calvin University is a Presbyterian-affiliated university in South Korea.	Calvin University	South Korea
country	Pjetroshan is a settlement in the former Kastrat Municipality, Shkodër County, northern Albania.	Pjetroshan	Albania
country	Sanjeevan Hospital (Marathi: संजीवन रुग्णालय) is a multispeciality hospital in Pune, India, run by the Shashwat group of hospitals.	Sanjeevan Hospital	India
country	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Mazafarian (Persian: مزرعه محمدمظفريان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Moḩammad Maz̧afarīān) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Mohammad Mazafarian	Iran
country	The Phlegraean Fields (Italian: Campi Flegrei (ˈkampi fleˈɡrɛi); from Greek φλέγω, ``to burn'') are a large volcanic area situated to the west of Naples, Italy.	Phlegraean Fields	Italy
country	Buad Island is an island in the Philippines.	Buad Island	Philippines
country	Jeziorki Wielkie (jɛˈʑɔrki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) (German: Schöntal; until 1930: Groß Jesziorken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołdap, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Jeziorki Wielkie	Poland
country	The Moho River (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmoo)) is a river of Guatemala and Belize.	Moho River	Guatemala
country	Porto Dinheiro (or Praia de Porto Dinheiro) is a locality in the civil parish (freguesia) of Ribamar, municipality of Lourinhã, in Portugal.	Porto Dinheiro	Portugal
country	Omiroupoli (Greek: Ομηρούπολη) is a former municipality in the central part of on the island of Chios, North Aegean, Greece.	Omiroupoli	Greece
country	The Sydney Marathon is a marathon held annually in Sydney, Australia each September.	Sydney Marathon	Australia
country	Pust Forushan (Persian: پوست فروشان‎, also Romanized as Pūst Forūshān; also known as Pūst Forūsh and Pīsh Forūsh) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pust Forushan	Iran
country	Canadian Regional Airlines was an airline headquartered in Calgary International Airport in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Canadian Regional Airlines	Canada
country	Kalehkin (Persian: كله كين‎, also Romanized as Kalehkīn; also known as Gelekin) is a village in Piran Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kalehkin	Iran
country	Caligata Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located northeast of Clearwater.	Caligata Lake Provincial Park	Canada
country	Rosthern Junior College, an independent high school, has been a landmark institution in the town of Rosthern, Saskatchewan, Canada since 1905.	Rosthern Junior College	Canada
country	Trsek (pronounced (ˈtəɾsək) or (təɾˈseːk)) is a small village in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Trsek	Slovenia
country	Huambo Airport (ICAO: FNNL) is a public use airport located 3 nm east-southeast of Huambo in Huambo Province, Angola.	Huambo Airport	Angola
country	Sant Alís is the highest mountain of the Serra del Montsec, Catalonia, Spain.	Sant Alís	Spain
country	The Monument to the Tsar Liberator (Bulgarian: Паметник на Цар Освободител, Pametnik na Tsar Osvoboditel) is an equestrian monument in the centre of Sofia, the capital of Bulgaria.	Monument to the Tsar Liberator	Bulgaria
country	Hennersdorf (or Hennersdorf bei Wien) is a town in the district of Mödling in the Austrian state of Lower Austria.	Hennersdorf bei Wien	Austria
country	The University of Belgrano (Spanish: Universidad de Belgrano) is a private university established in 1964 and located in the Belgrano district of the city of Buenos Aires, Argentina.	University of Belgrano	Argentina
country	Petahya (Hebrew: פְּתַחְיָה) is a moshav in central Israel.	Petahya	Israel
country	Altaelva (English: Alta River; Northern Sami: Álttáeatnu; Kven: Alattionjoki) is the third longest river in Finnmark county, Norway.	Altaelva	Norway
country	Hanımçiftliği (literally ``lady's farm'') is a town in the central district (Malatya) of Malatya Province, Turkey.	Hanımçiftliği	Turkey
country	Chaqadar (Persian: چقادر‎, also Romanized as Chaqādar and Cheqādor; also known as Chagha Dor) is a village in Barf Anbar Rural District, in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chaqadar	Iran
country	The 1962 European Aquatics Championships were held in Leipzig, East Germany from 18 to 25 August 1962.	1962 European Aquatics Championships	Germany
country	The main attractions within the boundaries of Swadlincote are the local parks such as Maurice Lea at Church Gresley and Eureka, the Green Bank Leisure Centre, the large dry ski slope and The 50s American Diner, the largest American diner in the United Kingdom, all within reach of the town centre.	Swadlincote	United Kingdom
country	Łochtynowo (wɔxtɨˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomża, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łochtynowo	Poland
country	Lehqorbani-ye Olya (Persian: له قرباني عليا‎, also Romanized as Lehqorbānī-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Jangal Rural District, in the Central District of Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 20 families.	Lehqorbani-ye Olya	Iran
country	The archaeological site of Shum Laka is the most prominent rockshelter site in the Grasslands region of the Laka Valley, northwest Cameroon.	Shum Laka	Cameroon
country	Doguwa is a Local Government Area in the extreme south of Kano State, Nigeria.	Doguwa	Nigeria
country	Wiskienica Dolna (viskʲɛˈnit͡sa ˈdɔlna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduny, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wiskienica Dolna	Poland
country	Komletinci is a village in eastern Croatia located east of Otok.	Komletinci	Croatia
country	Podlipoglav (pronounced (pɔˈdliːpɔɡlau̯)) is a village in the City Municipality of Ljubljana in central Slovenia.	Podlipoglav	Slovenia
country	Binoli is a small town in the Almora district in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Binoli	India
country	Wolfenbüttel is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany, located on the Oker river about 13 kilometres south of Brunswick.	Wolfenbüttel	Germany
country	The Kretinga Museum (Lithuanian: Kretingos muziejus), also known as Kretinga Manor, is located near the Baltic Sea in Kretinga, Lithuania.	Kretinga Museum	Lithuania
country	Camp Fünfeichen (German: Lager Fünfeichen) was a World War II German prisoner-of-war camp located in Fünfeichen, a former estate within the city limits of Neubrandenburg, Mecklenburg, northern Germany.	Camp Fünfeichen	Germany
country	Timișoara Zoological Garden (Romanian: Grădina Zoologică Timișoara) is a 6.34-hectare (15.7-acre) zoo in Timișoara, Romania, located northern-east of the city near Green Forest.	Timișoara Zoological Garden	Romania
country	The 1903 Manzikert earthquake struck Manzikert of nowadays Muş Province in eastern Turkey on 28 April.	1903 Manzikert earthquake	Turkey
country	The Manantali Dam is a multi-purpose dam on the Bafing river in the Senegal River basin, 90 kilometres (56 mi) to the south-east of Bafoulabé, in Mali's Kayes Region.	Manantali Dam	Mali
country	Vanløse Station is an S-train and Copenhagen Metro station in the Vanløse district of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Vanløse Station	Denmark
country	Brograve Mill is a windpump located on Brograve level in the parish of Sea Palling within the Norfolk Broads National Park, United Kingdom.	Brograve Mill	United Kingdom
country	Laupheim is a city in southern Germany in the state of Baden Württemberg.	Laupheim	Germany
country	Bhimdatta (Nepali: भीमदत्त), formerly known as Mahendranagar (महेन्द्रनगर), is a city and municipality in far western Nepal, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the border of India and the Mahakali River.	Bhimdatta	Nepal
country	De Vishal is a historical building dating from 1769 on the Grote Markt in Haarlem, the Netherlands.	De Vishal	Netherlands
country	Komorna (kɔˈmɔrna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów, within Sandomierz County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Komorna	Poland
country	Póvoa de Varzim (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpɔvwɐ ðɨ vɐɾˈzĩ), locally (ˈpɔβwə ðɨ βəɾˈzĩŋ)), also spelled Povoa de Varzim, is a Portuguese city in Northern Portugal and sub-region of Greater Porto.	Póvoa de Varzim	Portugal
country	Valadabad (Persian: ولداباد‎, also Romanized as Valadābād and Waladābād) is a village in Iran.	Valadabad	Iran
country	Kolonia Bodzanowska (kɔˈlɔɲa bɔd͡zaˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzewo, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kolonia Bodzanowska	Poland
country	Avareshk (Persian: اوارشك‎, also Romanized as Āvāreshk) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District, Ahmadabad District, Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Avareshk	Iran
country	Mazraeh-ye Began (Persian: مزرعه بگان‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Begān) is a village in Irafshan Rural District, Ashar District, Mehrestan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 39, in 7 families.	Mazraeh-ye Began	Iran
country	Valindeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ولينده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Valīndeh-ye Soflá; also known as Valendeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valindeh-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Romonya (Croatian: Rumenja) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary.	Romonya	Hungary
country	Kileh Kabud (Persian: كيله كبود‎‎, also Romanized as Kīleh Kabūd and Kīlah Kabūd; also known as Kela Kabūd and Kel Kabūd) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kileh Kabud	Iran
country	Tianqiao District (simplified Chinese: 天桥区; traditional Chinese: 天橋區; pinyin: Tiānqiáo Qū; literally: ``sky bridge'') is one of six districts of Jinan, the capital of Shandong province, People's Republic of China, forming part of the city's urban core.	Tianqiao District	People's Republic of China
country	Mambasa is a town in the Ituri Region of the Orientale Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the headquarters of Mambasa Territory.	Mambasa	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Tolemaida Air Base (ICAO: SKTI) is a Colombian military air base located in Melgar, a municipality of the Tolima department in Colombia.	Tolemaida Air Base	Colombia
country	The Counts of Freiburg were the descendants of Count Egino of Urach, they ruled over the city of Freiburg, as well as the Breisgau region (in what is present-day Germany) between approximately 1245 and 1368 AD.	Counts of Freiburg	Germany
country	Cloghernagh (Irish: Clocharnach, meaning ``Stoney place'') is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow, Ireland.	Cloghernagh	Ireland
country	Skagen (Danish pronunciation: (ˈsɡ̊æːɪn)), is Denmark's northernmost town and the area surrounding it.	Skagen	Denmark
country	Pilat Regional Natural Park (French: Parc naturel régional du Pilat) is a protected area of mountainous countryside in the Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France.	Pilat Regional Natural Park	France
country	Vayda-Guba (Russian: Вайда-Губа) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Pechengsky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located beyond the Arctic Circle on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 15 meters (49 ft) above sea level.	Vayda-Guba	Russia
country	Palermo Cathedral is the cathedral church of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Palermo, located in Palermo, Sicily, southern Italy.	Palermo Cathedral	Italy
country	Szlasy-Leszcze (ˈʂlasɨ ˈlɛʂt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szlasy-Leszcze	Poland
country	Khnkoyan (Armenian: Խնկոյան; formerly, Karaboya and Khrkoyan) is a village in the Lori Province of Armenia.	Khnkoyan	Armenia
country	Kondoreh (Persian: كندره‎; also known as Kondor) is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kondoreh	Iran
country	The National Reconstruction Movement (Mouvman pou Rekonstriksyon Nasyonal / Mouvement pour la Reconstruction Nationale)is a political party in Haiti.	National Reconstruction Movement	Haiti
country	Beyt-e Savadi (Persian: بيت سوادي‎, also Romanized as Beyt-e Savādī; also known as Bait as Suwadi, Beyt-e Savādīpūr, and Qaryeh-ye Sa'vādī) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District, Moshrageh District, Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Beyt-e Savadi	Iran
country	The Sail and Anchor Hotel is located on the corner of South Terrace and Henderson Street in Fremantle, Western Australia, opposite the Fremantle Markets.	Sail and Anchor Hotel	Australia
country	XHPOP-FM, better known as Radio Disney 99.3, is a radio station in Mexico City that broadcasts pop, rock music and dance music.	XHPOP-FM	Mexico
country	Aq Chay (Persian: اق چاي‎, also Romanized as Āq Chāy; also known as Agh Chay and Āq Chāq) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, in the Central District of Razan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Aq Chay	Iran
country	Sainte-Lucie-de-Beauregard Aerodrome, (TC LID: CSU4), was located adjacent to Sainte-Lucie-de-Beauregard, Quebec, Canada.	Sainte-Lucie-de-Beauregard Aerodrome	Canada
country	Ipetumodu is a city in Osun State, in the southwestern part of Nigeria.	Ipetumodu	Nigeria
country	Le Puy-en-Velay (French pronunciation: ​(lə pɥiɑ̃vəlɛ); Occitan: Lo Puèi de Velai (lu ˈpœj ðə vəˈlaj)) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France near the Loire river.	Le Puy-en-Velay	France
country	The Operation Sunshine was an anti-demolition operation in occupied Norway from October 1944 to May 1945.	Operation Sunshine	Norway
country	Makerere University College of Health Sciences (MakCHS) is a constituent college of Makerere University, Uganda's oldest university.	Makerere University College of Health Sciences	Uganda
country	Khaama Press (KP) (Pashto: خامه پرس، افغان انلاین خبرونو وب پانه) (Persian: خامه پرس، روزنامه انلاين افغانستان) is the largest Afghan online newspaper and was established in October 2010 in Kabul, Afghanistan by Khushnood Nabizada, an Afghan journalist.	Khaama Press	Afghanistan
country	Shotor Khosb (Persian: شترخسب‎) is a village in Pain Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shotor Khosb	Iran
country	Tereszyn (tɛˈrɛʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopnica, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Tereszyn	Poland
country	Sławsko (ˈswafskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sławsko	Poland
country	Biabani-ye Bala (Persian: بياباني بالا‎, also Romanized as Bīābānī-ye Bālā) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Biabani-ye Bala	Iran
country	Salka Airport (also Nizhny Tagil Salka and Nizhny Tagil Northeast) is an airport in Russia located 17 km northeast of Nizhny Tagil.	Salka Airport	Russia
country	Moat Preah is a village in Pursat Province of western Cambodia.	Moat Preah	Cambodia
country	Ichmoul is a town in north-eastern Algeria.	Ichmoul	Algeria
country	Maamme (Finnish: (ˈmɑːmːe), ``our land'') or Vårt land (Swedish: (ˈvoːʈ ˈlanːd)) is the title of Finland's national anthem.	Maamme	Finland
country	Al-Halawiyah Madrasa (Arabic: المدرسة الحلاوية‎) is a madrasah complex located in al-Jalloum district of the Ancient city of Aleppo, Syria.	Al-Halawiyah Madrasa	Syria
country	Fannaråkbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county, Norway.	Fannaråkbreen	Norway
country	S.S. Sturmbrigade R.O.N.A. (also known as the Kaminski Brigade) was an anti-partisan formation composed of people from the so-called Lokot Autonomy territory in the Nazi Germany-occupied areas of Russia during World War II. First appearing in late 1941 as auxiliary police, the unit initially numbered 200 personnel.	S.S. Sturmbrigade R.O.N.A.	Germany
country	The Argentine Naval Prefecture (Spanish: Prefectura Naval Argentina or PNA) is a service of the Argentine Security Ministry charged with protecting the country's rivers and maritime territory.	Argentine Naval Prefecture	Argentina
country	Svay Pao (Khmer: ឃុំស្វាយប៉ោ) is a khum (commune) of Battambang District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Svay Pao	Cambodia
country	Różanystok (ruʐaˈnɨstɔk) is a village and former monastery in northeastern Poland, known regionally for both its ornate 18th-century minor basilica and its agricultural magnet school.	Różanystok	Poland
country	The 1999 Canadian Grand Prix was a Formula One race held on June 13, 1999 at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal, Canada.	1999 Canadian Grand Prix	Canada
country	Kushgeh Darreh (Persian: كوشگه دره‎, also Romanized as Kūshgeh Darreh; also known as Kosk Darreh and Kūshk Darreh) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District, Khalifan District, Mahabad County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kushgeh Darreh	Iran
country	Kimsquit is a former village of the Nuxalk at the mouth of the Dean River on the northeast side of Dean Channel in the Central Coast region of British Columbia, Canada.	Kimsquit	Canada
country	Vassås Church (Norwegian: Vassås kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county, Norway.	Vassås Church	Norway
country	Her Majesty's Treasury (HM Treasury), sometimes referred to as the Exchequer, or more informally the Treasury, is the United Kingdom government department responsible for developing and executing the British government's public finance policy and economic policy.	HM Treasury	United Kingdom
country	Totley also lends its name to Totley Tunnel, the longest underland rail tunnel in the United Kingdom.	Totley	United Kingdom
country	South Island Distance Education School is located at 4575 Wilkinson Rd, Victoria, BC Victoria, BC, Canada, V8Z 7E8 Mr. Kevin White is now the Principal.	South Island Distance Education School	Canada
country	The Royal Air Force (RAF) is the United Kingdom's aerial warfare force.	Royal Air Force	United Kingdom
country	Zgošća (Cyrillic: Згошћа) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zgošća	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Waitohi, Waitohi Flat and Upper Waitohi are small farming centres from 5 to 16 km west of Temuka and north of the Opihi river, South Canterbury in New Zealand.	Waitohi	New Zealand
country	The Fredericton City Hall is the meeting place of the Fredericton City Council in Fredericton, New Brunswick, Canada.	Fredericton City Hall	Canada
country	Jamsam is a village in the Madhubani district of Bihar state, India.	Jamsam	India
country	Mazhiq (in Albanian) or Mažić (in Serbian: Мажић) is a village in the municipality of Mitrovica in the District of Mitrovica, Kosovo.	Mazhiq	Kosovo
country	Little Buds Vidya Niketan School is a school in New Allapur, Borabanda, Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 500018, India.	Little Buds Vidya Niketan School	India
country	Mount Speke lies in the Ruwenzori Mountains National Park in Uganda and is the second highest peak in this range.	Mount Speke	Uganda
country	Linkou District (Chinese: 林口區; pinyin: Línkǒu Qū; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Nâ-kháu khu) is a district in the western part of New Taipei in northern Taiwan.	Linkou District	Taiwan
country	Budanje (pronounced (buˈdaːnjɛ); German: Budaine; Italian: Budagne) is a settlement in the upper Vipava Valley in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Budanje	Slovenia
country	Gaâfour (36° 20' N 9° 19' E) is a town and commune in the Siliana Governorate, north-western Tunisia, located 120 kilometers southwest of Tunis.	Gaâfour	Tunisia
country	Mount D'Urville is the highest point on Auckland Island, one of New Zealand's subantarctic outlying islands, and is named after French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville.	Mount D'Urville	New Zealand
country	Fort de la Encarnación on the Repocura River was built in 1666 by the Royal Governor of Chile Francisco de Meneses Brito.	Fort de la Encarnación	Chile
country	Ana Khatun (Persian: اناخاتون‎, also Romanized as Ānā Khātūn and Anakhatoon) is a village in Esperan Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ana Khatun	Iran
country	Changi Air Base (ICAO: WSSS) or Changi Air Base (West) (Changi West Complex), formerly RAF Changi, is an airfield military airbase of the Republic of Singapore Air Force located at Changi, in the eastern tip of Singapore.	Changi Air Base	Singapore
country	The University of Greifswald (German pronunciation: (ˈɡʁaɪfsvalt); German: Ernst-Moritz-Arndt-Universität Greifswald) is a public research university located in Greifswald, Germany, in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	University of Greifswald	Germany
country	Vinogradnoe (Ukrainian: Виноградное, Vynohradne, Russian: Виноградное, Vinogradnoye) is a commune in the Grigoriopol sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova.	Vinogradnoe	Moldova
country	Glenmore railway station served the village of Glenmore, County Donegal in County Donegal, Ireland.	Glenmore railway station	Ireland
country	The Meetjesland is a historical region in the north-west of the province East Flanders in Belgium.	Meetjesland	Belgium
country	Lake Tegel (German: Tegeler See), is the second largest lake in Berlin, Germany.	Lake Tegel	Germany
country	Chenar Shureh (Persian: چنارشوره‎, also Romanized as Chenār Shūreh) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chenar Shureh	Iran
country	Diliskelesi is a port in Turkey.	Diliskelesi	Turkey
country	Otaqvar District (Persian: بخش اطاقور‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Langarud County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Otaqvar District	Iran
country	Tututawa is a locality and rural centre in east Taranaki, New Zealand, 26 kilometres (16 mi) east of Stratford, with a population of approximately 40.	Tututawa	New Zealand
country	Mahaddhoo is one of the uninhabited islands of Gaafu Alif Atoll belonging to the Maldives.	Mahaddhoo	Maldives
country	Ciampino railway station (Italian: Stazione di Ciampino) serves the town and comune of Ciampino, in the region of Lazio, central Italy.	Ciampino railway station	Italy
country	Ungma is a historic village situated 10 km south of the heart of Mokokchung town in India.	Ungma	India
country	Radymno (raˈdɨmnɔ) (Ukrainian: Радимно Radymno, Yiddish: רעדעם‎ Redem) is a town in south-eastern Poland with 5,543 inhabitants (02.06.2009).	Radymno	Poland
country	Lyuksyugyun (Russian: Люксюгюн) is a rural locality (a selo), and one of three settlements in Aryktakhsky Rural Okrug of Kobyaysky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, in addition to Aryktakh, the administrative center of the Rural Okrug and Khatyryk-Khomo.	Lyuksyugyun	Russia
country	Yacyretá Island (Spanish: Isla Yacyretá; Guaraní: jasý retã ``land of the Moon'') is an island in the Misiones Department, Paraguay, located in the Paraná River, sectioned by the Yacyretá Dam.	Yacyretá Island	Paraguay
country	Ramat HaShofet (Hebrew: רָמַת הַשּׁוֹפֵט, lit. The Judge Heights) is a kibbutz in northern Israel.	Ramat HaShofet	Israel
country	Arum Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island, Canada, south of the Tsable River and south of the town of Comox.	Arum Lake	Canada
country	Elekistra (Greek: Ελεκίστρα, also Ελικίστρα) is a village and a community in the municipality of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Elekistra	Greece
country	The Habo Mission Covenant Church (Swedish: Habo missionskyrka) is a church building in Habo, Sweden.	Habo Mission Covenant Church	Sweden
country	Viskyar Mountain (Bulgarian: Вискяр) is a minor range of hills in western Bulgaria rising to 1077 m (Mechi Kamak Peak), and bounded by Lyulin Mountain to the southeast, Sofia Valley to the northeast, Zavalska Mountain to the northwest, and Graovo Valley to the southwest.	Viskyar Mountain	Bulgaria
country	Do Polan (Persian: دوپلان‎, also Romanized as Do Polān, Dooplan, and Du Pulān) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Do Polan	Iran
country	Zvirgzdene parish (Latvian: Zvirgzdenes pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Cibla Municipality, Latvia.	Zvirgzdene parish	Latvia
country	The Klejnárka is a river which flows through the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic.	Klejnárka	Czech Republic
country	Stupniki (stupˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stupniki	Poland
country	Merkezefendi is a new intracity district and second level municipality in Denizli Province, Turkey.	Merkezefendi	Turkey
country	Mattighofen is a town in the district of Braunau am Inn, part of the Innviertel region, in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Mattighofen	Austria
country	FK Mladost Apatin (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Младост Апатин) is a football club based in Apatin, Vojvodina, Serbia.	FK Mladost Apatin	Serbia
country	Kahal (Hebrew: כָּחָל) is a moshav in the Galilee near Highway 85 in northern Israel.	Kahal	Israel
country	Oberfucking is a populated place in Upper Austria, Austria.	Oberfucking	Austria
country	Riese Pio X (regularly shortened Riese) is a municipality in northeast Italy located in the province of Treviso in the Region of Veneto.	Riese Pio X	Italy
country	The Conservatoire de musique et d'art dramatique du Québec (CMADQ) is a public network of nine state-subsidised schools offering higher education in music and theatre in Quebec, Canada.	Conservatoire de musique et d'art dramatique du Québec	Canada
country	Kamenický Šenov (German: Steinschönau) is a town in the Liberec region, Czech Republic.	Kamenický Šenov	Czech Republic
country	Cementerio Británico de Buenos Aires, also known as Buenos Aires British cemetery, is a cemetery in Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Cementerio Británico	Argentina
country	Trunojoyo University is a public university located in the Bangkalan Regency (on Madura island), in East Java province, Indonesia.	Trunojoyo University	Indonesia
country	Makrynoros (Greek: Μακρυνόρος) is a forested mountain range dominating the northern part of Aetolia-Acarnania in western Greece.	Makrynoros	Greece
country	The holy place of Baba Dhansar is located at Karua Jheel (Pond) near village Karua, 17 km from Reasi towards Katra in Reasi district of Jammu & Kashmir State, India.	Baba Dhansar	India
country	Manipay Hindu College (Tamil: மானிப்பாய் இந்து கல்லூரி Māṉippāy Intu Kallūri, Sinhalese: මනිපායි හින්දු විද්‍යාලය) is a provincial school in Manipay, Sri Lanka.	Manipay Hindu College	Sri Lanka
country	Gare de Brest is the railway station serving Brest, France.	Gare de Brest	France
country	The South Luzon Expressway (SLE or SLEx), formerly known as the South Superhighway (SSH), Manila South Diversion Road (MSDR), and Manila South Expressway (MSEX), is a network of two expressways that connects Metro Manila to the provinces of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines.	South Luzon Expressway	Philippines
country	Wartkowice (vartkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in Poddębice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wartkowice	Poland
country	Ząbie (ˈzɔmbjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ząbie	Poland
country	Gārsene Manor is a Neo-Gothic manor house located in the historical region of Selonia, in Latvia.	Gārsene Manor	Latvia
country	As of 2011 India census, Usawan had a population of 19,000 (approx).	Usawan	India
country	The Labia Theatre is an independent movie house located in 68 Orange Street, Gardens, Cape Town, South Africa.	Labia Theatre	South Africa
country	Brunsbüttel is a town in the district of Dithmarschen, in Schleswig-Holstein, northern Germany that lies on the mouth of the Elbe river, near the North Sea.	Brunsbüttel	Germany
country	Mohra Topian is a village in Gujar Khan Tehsil, a sub-division of Rawalpindi District, Pakistan.	Mohra Topian	Pakistan
country	The Noire River (also known as the Black River) is a river in western Quebec, Canada.	Noire River	Canada
country	Sarıxanlı (also, Sarxanlı and Sarykhanly) is a village and the most populous municipality, except the capital Imishli, in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Sarıxanlı	Azerbaijan
country	Kobe Maritime Museum is a museum in Kobe, Japan focusing on the history of Japanese shipping and Kobe harbor.	Kobe Maritime Museum	Japan
country	In France, the Chemin des Dames (literally, the ``ladies' path'') is part of the D18 and runs east and west in the département of Aisne, between in the west, the Route Nationale 2, (Laon to Soissons) and in the east, the D1044 at Corbeny.	Chemin des Dames	France
country	Helligdomsklipperne (Sanctuary Rocks) are a group of rocks on the island of Bornholm, Denmark, 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from Gudhjem and 4.9 kilometres (3.0 mi) from Tejn.	Helligdomsklipperne	Denmark
country	The Nové Mlýny reservoirs (Czech: Vodní dílo Nové Mlýny) are three reservoirs behind the Nové Mlýny Dam on the Dyje River in the Czech Republic.	Nové Mlýny reservoirs	Czech Republic
country	Jyväskylä Airport (IATA: JYV, ICAO: EFJY; Finnish: Jyväskylän lentoasema) is an airport in Jyväskylä, Finland.	Jyväskylä Airport	Finland
country	Tappeh Kuik (Persian: تپه كوئيك‎, also Romanized as Tappeh Kū'īk) is a village in Hasanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tappeh Kuik	Iran
country	Berja (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈbeɾxa)) is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain.	Berja	Spain
country	Tuvuca (pronounced (tuˈβuða)) is a small island off Vanua Balavu in Fiji's Lau archipelago, it is a densely wooded and inhabited island and rises 800 feet above sea level at the highest point.	Tuvuca	Fiji
country	Dehdari-ye Shurab (Persian: دهداري شوراب‎, also Romanized as Dehdārī-ye Shūrāb; also known as Dehdārī) is a village in Siyakh Darengun Rural District, in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dehdari-ye Shurab	Iran
country	Zaplanina (pronounced (zaplaˈniːna)) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Vransko in central Slovenia.	Zaplanina	Slovenia
country	Turku Castle (Finnish: Turun linna, Swedish: Åbo slott) is a medieval building in the city of Turku in Finland.	Turku Castle	Finland
country	Makhand (Persian: مخند‎) is a village in Chaybasar-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Maku County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Makhand	Iran
country	Åboland (Finnish: Turunmaa) is a sub-region in the archipelago of the Southwest Finland region in south-western Finland.	Åboland	Finland
country	Algemesí (Valencian pronunciation: (aʎdʒemeˈzi)) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Algemesí	Spain
country	Bardiyeh-ye Kuchek (Persian: برديه كوچك‎, also Romanized as Bardīyeh-ye Kūchek; also known as Daḩīmāvīyeh and Dakhmāvīyeh) is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Bardiyeh-ye Kuchek	Iran
country	The Chemin des Révoires is a pathway within Les Révoires district of the Principality of Monaco.	Chemin des Révoires	Monaco
country	O'Chiese 203 is an Indian reserve in Alberta, Canada and is one of two reserves under the administration of the O'Chiese First Nation, a Saulteaux government.	O'Chiese 203	Canada
country	Mehr-e Sofla (Persian: مهرسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mehr-e Soflá; also known as Mast-e Pā’īn, Mast-e Soflá, and Mast-i-Pain) is a village in Enaj Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Mehr-e Sofla	Iran
country	Doktor Yosifovo is a village in Montana Municipality, Montana Province, western Bulgaria.	Doktor Yosifovo	Bulgaria
country	Alotau is the capital of Milne Bay Province, in the south-east of Papua New Guinea.	Alotau	Papua New Guinea
country	Binamaz (Persian: بي نماز‎, also Romanized as Bīnamāz) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Binamaz	Iran
country	Sumska Street (Ukrainian: Сумська, Sums'ka; Russian: Сумская, Sumskaya) is the main street of Kharkiv, Ukraine.	Sumska Street	Ukraine
country	The Bukhansanseong (Korean: 북한산성, ``fortress of the mountains north of the Han'') is a fortress located in Gyeonggi-do and Seoul, South Korea, dating back to the middle Joseon period.	Bukhansanseong	South Korea
country	Hohe Kanzel is a hill of Hesse, Germany.	Hohe Kanzel	Germany
country	Ustrovka (Russian: Устровка) is a village in Sandovsky District of Tver Oblast, Russia.	Ustrovka	Russia
country	Kuching High School (KHS) (古晋高级国民型中学) is a three-acre public secondary school located at the centre of Kuching, which is the capital of Sarawak, Malaysia.	Kuching High School	Malaysia
country	Mylikouri (Greek: Μυλικούρι) is a small village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus, located just south of Kykkos Monastery.	Mylikouri	Cyprus
country	Takht-e Chenar (Persian: تختچنار‎, also Romanized as Takht-e Chenār) is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Jajrud District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Takht-e Chenar	Iran
country	Kaikoura Aerodrome (IATA: KBZ, ICAO: NZKI) is an uncontrolled aerodrome located 4 nautical miles (7.4 km; 4.6 mi) southwest of Kaikoura at Puketa on the South Island of New Zealand.	Kaikoura Aerodrome	New Zealand
country	Søllested was the administrative centre of the former Højreby Municipality in Denmark.	Søllested	Denmark
country	Varkohleh (Persian: وركهله‎, also Romanized as Varkohleh; also known as Varkohleh-ye Sarqaleh) is a village in Manj Rural District, Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Varkohleh	Iran
country	Khunikak (Persian: خونيكك‎, also Romanized as Khūnīkak; also known as Khūnīk, Kalāteh Khūnīk, Kalāteh-ye Khūnīk, Khonik, and Khosrowābād Bālā) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khunikak	Iran
country	Lopphavet is a stretch of open sea between Troms and Finnmark, Norway.	Lopphavet	Norway
country	Yob Wildlife Reserve is a protected area in the Northern Red Sea and Anseba regions of northern Eritrea.	Yob Wildlife Reserve	Eritrea
country	No. 17 Radar Station RAAF was a Royal Australian Air Force radar station formed at Burrewarra Point, Guerilla Bay, New South Wales, Australia on 12 April 1943.	No. 17 Radar Station RAAF	Australia
country	Zgornji Otok (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnji ˈɔːtɔk)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Zgornji Otok	Slovenia
country	Seyidbəyli (Armenian: Խաչեն (Khatchen)), also Seyidshen, is a village in the Khojali Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Seyidbəyli	Azerbaijan
country	Bhong is a small town of Rahim Yar Khan District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Bhong	Pakistan
country	Uppland Runic Inscription 1146 or U 1146 is the Rundata catalog designation for a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located in Gillberga, which is about 1 kilometer east of Tierp, Uppsala County, Sweden, which is in the historic province of Uppland.	Uppland Runic Inscription 1146	Sweden
country	The Arawhata River (often spelt with the Ngai Tahu Maori dialect spelling Arawata River) is in the West Coast region of the South Island of New Zealand.	Arawhata River	New Zealand
country	The Tour La Villette (previously known as the Tour Daewoo, Tour Périphérique and Tour Olympe) is an office skyscraper located in Aubervilliers, in the inner suburbs of Paris, France.	Tour La Villette	France
country	Sarhangi (Persian: سرهنگي‎, also Romanized as Sarhangī; also known as Borj-e Sarhangī) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sarhangi	Iran
country	The Ringerike Line (Norwegian: Ringeriksbanen or Ringeriksbana) is a proposed 40-kilometre (25 mi) extension of the Bergen Line from Hønefoss to Sandvika, Norway.	Ringerike Line	Norway
country	Dastgeer Sahib is a Sufi shrine of Sheikh Syed Abdul Qadir Jelani (Gous E Azam) located in Khaniyar, Srinagar, Jammu and kashmir, India.	Dastgeer Sahib	India
country	Savoy Castle, also known as Savoy Mansion (Hungarian: Savoyai Kastély), is an 18th-century Baroque style château located in Ráckeve, Hungary.	Savoy Castle	Hungary
country	Podgorje ob Sevnični (pronounced (pɔdˈɡoːɾjɛ ɔp ˈseːu̯nitʃni)) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Sevnica in east-central Slovenia.	Podgorje ob Sevnični	Slovenia
country	Asadli (Persian: اسدلي‎, also Romanized as Asadlī) is a village in Aladagh Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Asadli	Iran
country	Skogerøytoppen (Northern Sami: Ákkelgáisá) is the highest mountain on the island of Skogerøya in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Skogerøytoppen	Norway
country	Kilballyowen (Irish: Cill Bhaile Eoghain) is a civil parish and a Catholic parish in County Clare, Ireland.	Kilballyowen	Ireland
country	Boston Beach is a coastal community on the north coast of the island of Jamaica, with a public beach which is one of the few beaches in Jamaica attracting surfers.	Boston Beach	Jamaica
country	Kampoi (Greek: Κάμποι) is a village in the municipal unit of Keramia on the island of Crete, Greece.	Kampoi	Greece
country	Kiebingen is a suburban district of Rottenburg am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg (Germany).	Kiebingen	Germany
country	Berau Regency (Indonesian: Kabupaten Berau) is one of the six regencies in East Kalimantan province in Indonesia.	Berau Regency	Indonesia
country	Stok Polski (ˈstɔk ˈpɔlski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Stok Polski	Poland
country	The Mummelsee is a 17-metre-deep lake at the western mountainside of the Hornisgrinde in the Northern Black Forest of Germany.	Mummelsee	Germany
country	In the United Kingdom, a Deputy Lieutenant is a Crown appointment and one of several deputies to the Lord Lieutenant of a lieutenancy area: an English ceremonial county, Welsh preserved county, Scottish lieutenancy area, or Northern Irish county borough or county.	Deputy Lieutenant	United Kingdom
country	After the Anthems is a band based in Mississauga Ontario, Canada and originally from Owen Sound.	After the Anthems	Canada
country	Ključarovci pri Ljutomeru (pronounced (kljuˈtʃaːɾɔu̯tsi pɾi ˈljuːtɔmɛɾu)) is a village in the Municipality of Križevci in northeastern Slovenia.	Ključarovci pri Ljutomeru	Slovenia
country	Assin Praso is a town in the Assin North Municipal District of the Central Region in Ghana	Assin Praso	Ghana
country	Svartsö is an island located in the Stockholm archipelago in Sweden.	Svartsö	Sweden
country	The Venetian People's Movement (Italian: Movimento Popolare Veneto, MPV) was a Christian-democratic and regionalist political party in Veneto, Italy.	Venetian People's Movement	Italy
country	The Trident Grand Residence is a 45-floor, 179 m high tower in the Dubai Marina Dubai, United Arab Emirates.	Trident Grand Residence	United Arab Emirates
country	Jalan Datin Halimah (Johor state road J3) or Jalan Kolam Ayer is a major roads in Johor Bahru, Johor, Malaysia.	Jalan Datin Halimah	Malaysia
country	Crmnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Црмница, pronounced (tsř̩mnitsa)) is a historical region in southern Montenegro, lying within the municipality of Bar and is unofficially considered a division of that municipality.	Crmnica	Montenegro
country	Harike Wetland also known as ``Hari-ke-Pattan'', with the Harike Lake in the deeper part of it, is the largest wetland in northern India in the border of Tarn Taran Sahib district and Ferozepur district of the Punjab state in India.	Harike Wetland	India
country	Poznan University of Medical Sciences (Polish: Uniwersytet Medyczny im. Karola Marcinkowskiego w Poznaniu) is a prominent Polish medical university, located in the city of Poznań in western Poland.	Poznan University of Medical Sciences	Poland
country	Escondido Lake / Lago Escondido is a lake in Argentina.	Escondido Lake	Argentina
country	Dhaular is a village of Tehsil Talagang, in the Punjab Province, Chakwal District, Pakistan.	Dhaular	Pakistan
country	The Malacca Strait Bridge (Malay/Indonesian: Jambatan/Jembatan Selat Melaka/Malaka or JSM and Jembatan Selmal) is a proposed bridge that would connect Telok Gong, near Masjid Tanah, Malacca state in Peninsula Malaysia, Malaysia to Rupat Island and Dumai in Sumatra island, Indonesia.	Malacca Strait Bridge	Malaysia
country	Seesen is a town and municipality in the district of Goslar, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Seesen	Germany
country	Royal Oak Mall is a shopping centre in Auckland, New Zealand which was expanded in the mid-1980s.	Royal Oak Mall	New Zealand
country	Gergereh (Persian: گرگره‎) is a village in Chaldoran-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gergereh	Iran
country	Tenayuca (Nahuatl: tenanyōcān) is a pre-Columbian Mesoamerican archaeological site in the Valley of Mexico.	Tenayuca	Mexico
country	Nowa Sobótka (ˈnɔva sɔˈbutka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Nowa Sobótka	Poland
country	Cordovilla is a village and municipality in the province of Salamanca, western Spain, part of the autonomous community of Castile-Leon.	Cordovilla	Spain
country	The San Carlos Palace (Spanish: Palacio de San Carlos; previously Colegio Seminario de San Bartolomé), is a 16th-century Neoclassical mansion in Bogotá, Colombia.	Palacio de San Carlos	Colombia
country	Nohmul (or Noh Mul) is a pre-Columbian Maya archaeological site located on the eastern Yucatán Peninsula, in what is today northern Belize.	Nohmul	Belize
country	Melesse (Breton: Meled, Gallo: Melècz) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Melesse	France
country	Bazman (Persian: بزمان, also known as Kuh-e Bazman‎) is a stratovolcano in a remote desert region of Sistan and Baluchestan Province in southeastern Iran.	Bazman	Iran
country	Finchingfield and Cornish Hall End combined had a population of 1,471 at the United Kingdom Census 2011.	Finchingfield	United Kingdom
country	Lirehi (Persian: ليره اي‎, also Romanized as Līreh’ī and Leyreh’ī) is a village in Gabrik Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Lirehi	Iran
country	Mineirão (Portuguese pronunciation: (minejˈɾɐ̃w)), officially Estádio Governador Magalhães Pinto (Governor Magalhães Pinto Stadium) is the largest football stadium in the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Mineirão	Brazil
country	Khan Bani Saad (Arabic: مدينة خان بني سعد Madīna Khān Banī Sa`ad) is a majority Shia Arab city in Diyala Governorate, Iraq.	Khan Bani Saad	Iraq
country	Brunška Gora (pronounced (ˈbɾuːnʃka ˈgɔːɾa); in older sources also Bruniška Gora) is a small dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia.	Brunška Gora	Slovenia
country	Bukit Baka Bukit Raya National Park is a national park located on Borneo Island, Indonesia.	Bukit Baka Bukit Raya National Park	Indonesia
country	Dongnae Girls' High School (Korean: 동래여자고등학교) is a private girls high school located in Bugok-3-dong, Geumjeong-gu, Busan, South Korea.	Dongnae Girls' High School	South Korea
country	Mehkuyeh-ye Olya (Persian: مهكويه عليا‎, also Romanized as Mehkūyeh-ye ``Olyā; also known as Mehkūyeh-ye Bālā) is a village in Khvajehei Rural District, Meymand District, Firuzabad County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 78, in 18 families.	Mehkuyeh-ye Olya	Iran
country	Nurzhol Boulevard (Kazakh: бульвар ``Нұржол'' Bulvar Nurzhol, formerly known as ``сулы-нулы бульвар'' Green Water Boulevard) is the national boulevard of Kazakhstan, a pedestrian area in the new business and administrative centre on the left bank of Ishim river, in the capital, Astana.	Nurzhol Boulevard	Kazakhstan
country	Takhatgarh is a town in Sumerpur tehsil of Pali District of Rajasthan state in India.	Takhatgarh	India
country	Masileh-ye Abdi (Persian: مسيله عبدي‎, also Romanized as Masīleh-ye ``Abdī and Masīleh ``Abdī) is a village in Kaki Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Masileh-ye Abdi	Iran
country	Perai, alternatively known as Prai, is a township and a major industrial area located in Penang, Malaysia.	Perai	Malaysia
country	Pillar of Salt is the name of a Grade II listed road sign on Angel Hill Bury St Edmunds in the United Kingdom.	Pillar of Salt	United Kingdom
country	Sar Taruna (Persian: سرترونا‎, also Romanized as Sar Tarūnā; also known as Sar Tanūrān) is a village in Abtar Rural District, in the Central District of Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Sar Taruna	Iran
country	The Toledo railway station is a railway station in Toledo, Spain, which was designed by architect Narciso Clavería y de Palacios in the Neo-Mudéjar style.	Toledo railway station	Spain
country	Bablake School is a co-educational Independent school located in Coventry, England and founded in 1344 by Queen Isabella, making it one of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom (List of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom).	Bablake School	United Kingdom
country	Agriakona (Greek: Αγριακόνα) is a village in the municipal unit of Valtetsi, Arcadia, Greece.	Agriakona	Greece
country	Purkače (in older sources also Purkarče) is a small settlement just north of the road from Rob to Krvava Peč in the Municipality of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia.	Purkače	Slovenia
country	Malangen (Northern Sami: Málatvuotna or Kven: Malankivuono) is a former municipality in Troms county in Norway.	Malangen	Norway
country	Khuy Suroq (Persian: خوي سورق‎, also Romanized as Khūy Sūroq; also known as Khūy Būrūq and Khvoy Sareh) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khuy Suroq	Iran
country	In 1920 there were in all of Iraq only five primary schools that were accessible for girls, and one of them was in Dohuk.	Dohuk	Iraq
country	Jan Mohammad Chahi (Persian: جان محمدچاهي‎, also Romanized as Jān Moḩammad Chāhī) is a village in Ladiz Rural District, in the Central District of Mirjaveh County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Jan Mohammad Chahi	Iran
country	Wini Wini (Aymara wini a very heavy and hard stone used to work others, the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, hispanicized spelling Huini Huini) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,800 metres (15,748 ft) high.	Wini Wini	Peru
country	Named after the last pagan ruling prince, Taksony of Hungary, Taksony is a village of roughly 6,000 inhabitants roughly 23 kilometers south of Budapest, on the bank of the Ráckeve branch of the Danube known as Kisduna (Little Danube).	Taksony	Hungary
country	Redlica (rɛˈdlit͡sa) (German: Marienthal) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Redlica	Poland
country	Cortemaggiore is located in the northern Italy about 80 kilometres (50 mi) from Milan and 120 kilometres (75 mi) from Bologna, in the zone of Italy called ``Pianura Padana''.	Cortemaggiore	Italy
country	Sungai Penuh is a city in Indonesia, in Jambi province, on the island of Sumatra.	Sungai Penuh	Indonesia
country	Zagajica (Serbian Cyrillic: Загајица) is a village in Serbia.	Zagajica	Serbia
country	Karpenisi (Greek: Καρπενήσι) is a town in central Greece.	Karpenisi	Greece
country	The Parlamentarischer Rat (German for ``Parliamentary Council'') was the West German constituent assembly in Bonn that drafted and adopted the Basic Law for the Federal Republic of Germany (Grundgesetz), promulgated on 23 May 1949.	Parlamentarischer Rat	Germany
country	In 2006 Gebrüder Thonet becomes Thonet GmbH. Today, Thorsten Muck runs the company with its head offices and production facilities in Frankenberg/Eder (Germany).	Gebrüder Thonet	Germany
country	Improvement District No. 349 is an improvement district in northeast Alberta, Canada.	Improvement District No. 349	Canada
country	Figuralchor der Gedächtniskirche Stuttgart is a mixed church- and concert choir based in Stuttgart, Germany.	Figuralchor der Gedächtniskirche Stuttgart	Germany
country	Gare de Cannes-La Bocca is a railway station in the city of Cannes, southern France.	Gare de Cannes-La Bocca	France
country	Elgoibar (Spanish: Elgóibar) is an industrial town located in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country, northern Spain.	Elgoibar	Spain
country	Vresse-sur-Semois (French pronunciation: ​(vʁɛs.syʁ.sə.mwa)) is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Namur.	Vresse-sur-Semois	Belgium
country	Lniano (ˈlɲanɔ) is a village in Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lniano	Poland
country	Yeli Bolagh (Persian: يلي بلاغ‎, also Romanized as Yelī Bolāgh) is a village in Ajorluy-ye Gharbi Rural District, Baruq District, Miandoab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Yeli Bolagh	Iran
country	Ghezala is a town of north-western Tunisia located at 50 kilometres west of Bizerte and 70 kilometres northwest of Tunis.	Ghezala	Tunisia
country	Zeri is a comune in the province of Massa and Carrara, Tuscany, central Italy.	Zeri	Italy
country	Shahrak-e Horr (Persian: شهرك حر‎‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Ḩorr and Shahrak-e Ḩor) is a village in Sar Joulaki Rural District, Joulaki District, Aghajari County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Horr	Iran
country	The village Kirkjubæjarklaustur (Icelandic for ``church farm cloister'', pronounced (ˈcʰɪrcjʏˌpaɪjarˌkʰlœɪstʏr); often referred to locally as just Klaustur) is a village in the south of Iceland on the hringvegur (road no. 1 or Ring Road) between Vík í Mýrdal and Höfn.	Kirkjubæjarklaustur	Iceland
country	Sharbazher is a district Sharbazher District, Sulaymaniyah Governoratae, Iraq.	Sharbazher	Iraq
country	Mała Wieś Górna (ˈmawa ˈvjɛɕ ˈɡurna) (German: Ober Halbendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Mała Wieś Górna	Poland
country	Taszewskie Pole (taˈʂɛfskʲɛ ˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżewo, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Taszewskie Pole	Poland
country	Vardhman Academy is a private secondary school run by the Jain Boarding House Society in Meerut, India.	Vardhman Academy	India
country	Liinmaa Castle (German: Vreghdenborch) was a medieval castle in Eurajoki in the province of Satakunta in Finland.	Liinmaa Castle	Finland
country	Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering or A.M.S College of Engineering is an engineering college affiliated to Anna University, India located in Muthapudupet, Avadi, Chennai, Tamil Nadu.	Aalim Muhammed Salegh College of Engineering	India
country	San Giovannino dei Cavalieri (Young St. John the Baptist of the Knights) previously named Church of San Giovanni Decollato (Decapitated St. John), is a parish church situated in Via San Gallo in central Florence, Italy.	San Giovannino dei Cavalieri	Italy
country	The Palacio de la Aduana (``Customs Palace'') is a building in Málaga, Andalusia, Spain, originally a customs house for the Port of Málaga.	Palacio de la Aduana	Spain
country	Gerdelat (Persian: گردلات‎, also Romanized as Gerdelāt; also known as Gerdeh Lāt) is a village in Kalisham Rural District, Amarlu District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gerdelat	Iran
country	Laodao River (simplified Chinese: 捞刀河; traditional Chinese: 撈刀河; pinyin: Lāodāohé), also known as Laotang River (Chinese: 捞塘河) and Liaohu River (Chinese: 潦浒河), is a river in Changsha, capital of Hunan province, in the People's Republic of China.	Laodao River	People's Republic of China
country	The Terryland Forest Park is an urban forest park in Galway, Ireland.	Terryland Forest Park	Ireland
country	Edenmore is a locality within Raheny on the Northside of Dublin, Ireland, with several housing developments and a large municipal park.	Edenmore	Ireland
country	Jarra Central is one of the six districts of the Lower River Division of the Gambia.	Jarra Central	Gambia
country	Tompojevci (Rusyn: томпоєвци) is a village and municipality in the Vukovar-Syrmia County in Croatia.	Tompojevci	Croatia
country	Sarilabad (Persian: سريل اباد‎, also Romanized as Sarīlābād) is a village in Akhtachi-ye Mahali Rural District, Simmineh District, Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sarilabad	Iran
country	Bojnice Castle (Slovak: Bojnický zámok, Hungarian: Bajmóci vár) is a medieval castle in Bojnice, Slovakia.	Bojnice Castle	Slovakia
country	Mazraeh-ye Nanva (Persian: مزرعه نانوا‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Nānvā) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Nanva	Iran
country	Figueira Pavão is a settlement in the southeastern part of the island of Fogo, Cape Verde.	Figueira Pavão	Cape Verde
country	The Military Order of St. Henry (Militär-St. Heinrichs-Orden) was a military order of the Kingdom of Saxony, a member state of the German Empire.	Military Order of St. Henry	Kingdom of Saxony
country	Ahmadalilar Mausoleum (Azerbaijani: Arğalı türbəsi) is a mausoleum in the Əhmədalılar village of Fuzuli Rayon, Azerbaijan.	Ahmadalilar Mausoleum	Azerbaijan
country	Sierra de Algairén is a mountain range in Aragon, Spain, located between the comarcas of Campo de Cariñena and Comunidad de Calatayud.	Sierra de Algairén	Spain
country	It is a town or town area committee in Zunheboto district in the state of Nagaland, India.	Zunheboto	India
country	Dobrzyca-Nowy Świat (dɔˈbʐɨt͡sa ˈnɔvɨ ˈɕfjat) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobrzyca, within Pleszew County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dobrzyca-Nowy Świat	Poland
country	Kazygurt District (Kazakh: Қазығұрт ауданы) is a district of South Kazakhstan Region in southern Kazakhstan.	Kazygurt District	Kazakhstan
country	Hunt Club is a community in River Ward, in the south end of Ottawa, Canada.	Hunt Club	Canada
country	Jiuchong (Chinese: 九重; pinyin: jiǔchóng) is a town in Xichuan County, southwestern Henan province, People's Republic of China.	Jiuchong	People's Republic of China
country	Maragheh (Persian: مراغه‎‎, Azerbaijani: مراغا Mәrağa), also Romanized as Marāgheh; also known as Marāgha), is a city in and the capital of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Maragheh	Iran
country	The 1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held in Budapest, Hungary, at the Kincsem Park on March 26, 1994.	1994 IAAF World Cross Country Championships	Hungary
country	Ömercik, Çubuk is a village in the District of Çubuk, Ankara Province, Turkey.	Ömercik, Çubuk	Turkey
country	Fleißenbach (Czech: Plesná) is a river of Czech Republic (Karlovy Vary Region) and Germany (Saxony).	Fleißenbach	Czech Republic	Germany
country	Kim Liên is a large village and commune in the Nam Đàn district of Nghe An province in Vietnam.	Kim Liên	Vietnam
country	Ngamatapouri is a small rural locality in the Waitotara River valley, 47 km north of Waitotara village, in south Taranaki, New Zealand.	Ngamatapouri	New Zealand
country	CONTEST is the name of the United Kingdom's counter-terrorism strategy.	CONTEST	United Kingdom
country	111 George Street is a building on George Street in the Brisbane central business district, Australia which was completed in 1993.	111 George Street	Australia
country	Sippar (Sumerian: Zimbir) was an ancient Near Eastern city on the east bank of the Euphrates river, located at the site of modern Tell Abu Habbah in Iraq's Babil Governorate, some 60 km north of Babylon and 30 km southwest of Baghdad.	Sippar	Iraq
country	Companies House is the United Kingdom's registrar of companies and is an executive agency and trading fund of Her Majesty's Government.	Companies House	United Kingdom
country	Pirogoshi Cave is the largest cave in Albania.	Pirogoshi Cave	Albania
country	Zirka Stadium is a multifunctional facility, primarily used for football located in Kirovohrad, Ukraine.	Zirka Stadium	Ukraine
country	From 1909 until the Spanish Civil War, naval construction in Spain was monopolized by the Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval - (SECN) also Spanish Society for Naval Construction (SECN).	Sociedad Española de Construcción Naval	Spain
country	Seymour Airport (IATA: GPS, ICAO: SEGS) is an airport serving the island of Baltra, one of the Galápagos Islands in Ecuador.	Seymour Airport	Ecuador
country	Cima Bocche (2,745 m) is a mountain of the Dolomites in Trentino, Italy.	Cima Bocche	Italy
country	Dehgah Rural District (Persian: دهستان دهگاه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kiashahr District, Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dehgah Rural District	Iran
country	Nullarbor Regional Reserve is a protected area in South Australia located about 300 kilometres (190 mi) west of Ceduna.	Nullarbor Regional Reserve	Australia
country	The Panhellenic Union of Fighting Youths (Greek: Πανελλήνιος Ένωσις Αγωνιζόμενων Νέων, Panellínios Énosis Agonizómenon Néon, PEAN, ΠΕΑΝ) was a Greek Resistance organization during the Axis Occupation of Greece in the Second World War.	Panhellenic Union of Fighting Youths	Greece
country	Farhudiyeh (Persian: فرهوديه‎, also Romanized as Farhūdīyeh; also known as Farhūdī) is a village in Abdoliyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramshir County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Farhudiyeh	Iran
country	Granity is a small town on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island, 28 kilometres (17 mi) north-east of Westport on State Highway 67.	Granity	New Zealand
country	Kyoto International University (KIU) is a small, Christian, international university located in the cultural center of Japan.	Kyoto International University	Japan
country	Lapuvandan (Persian: لپوندان‎, also Romanized as Lapūvandān; also known as Lapavandān, Lapvandān, and Lyapando) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lapuvandan	Iran
country	Böblingen Airport (German: Flughafen Böblingen) (IATA: PHM) was built in the mid-1920s for the city of Stuttgart in Germany.	Böblingen Airport	Germany
country	Durabad (Persian: دوراباد‎, also Romanized as Dūrābād) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Durabad	Iran
country	Quezon (Tagalog pronunciation: (ˈkɛson)) is a province of the Philippines in the CALABARZON region of Luzon island.	Quezon	Philippines
country	Omota (pronounced (ɔˈmoːta)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia.	Omota	Slovenia
country	Stari Pisker (meaning in colloquial Slovene: an old pot) is a former prison in Celje, Slovenia.	Stari Pisker	Slovenia
country	Volcán Tajumulco is a large stratovolcano in the department of San Marcos in western Guatemala.	Volcán Tajumulco	Guatemala
country	Nopala (officially: Nopala de Villagrán; Otomi: ʼMostʼä) is a town and one of the 84 municipalities of Hidalgo, in central-eastern Mexico.	Nopala	Mexico
country	The Priargunsky mine is a large open pit mine located near the town of Krasnokamensk in the southern part of Russia in Zabaykalsky Krai.	Priargunsky mine	Russia
country	This includes an online LLM for international professionals and is awarded by Beijing Foreign Studies University, the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Justice of the People's Republic of China.	Beijing Foreign Studies University	People's Republic of China
country	Put the Rifle Down is a Canadian Electronic dance band based in Toronto, Canada that were signed to Montreal label Summer Lovers Unlimited.	Put the Rifle Down	Canada
country	The Bush Beast was a wooden roller coaster located at Wonderland Sydney in Australia.	The Bush Beast	Australia
country	Parzew (ˈpaʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Parzew	Poland
country	The Moonah Links Golf Club is a golf club in Rye, Victoria, Australia It has hosted the Australian Open twice.	Moonah Links	Australia
country	Kukav (Persian: كوكاو‎, also Romanized as Kūkāv; also known as Kūkāb) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kukav	Iran
country	Mount Muhabura, also known as Mount Muhavura, is an extinct volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and Uganda.	Mount Muhabura	Rwanda
country	Trzebiel (ˈtʂɛbjɛl) (Lower Sorbian: Trjebule or Trjebul, German: Triebel) is a village in Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Trzebiel	Poland
country	Ullevål Hageby is a residential area and garden city in borough Nordre Aker of Oslo, Norway.	Ullevål Hageby	Norway
country	Fort-Liberté (Haitian Creole: Fòlibète) is a commune and administrative capital of the Nord-Est Department, Haiti.	Fort-Liberté	Haiti
country	Ślęża Landscape Park (Ślężański Park Krajobrazowy) is a protected area (Landscape Park) in south-western Poland, established in 1988, covering an area of 81.90 square kilometres (31.62 sq mi).	Ślęża Landscape Park	Poland
country	The Ischia Film Festival is an annual film festival held in Ischia, Italy.	Ischia Film Festival	Italy
country	Rupertswood railway station is located on the Melbourne - Bendigo railway in the north-western Melbourne suburb of Sunbury in Victoria, Australia.	Rupertswood railway station	Australia
country	The Kodikkunnu Bhagavathy Temple or Kodikkunnu Ambalam is a famous Hindu temple dedicated to Goddess Durga located in the village of Pallippuram, near Pattambi, in Palakkad district of Kerala, India.	Kodikkunnu Bhagavathy Temple	India
country	Ajdna (1064 m) is a peak in the Karawanks in the Municipality of Žirovnica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Ajdna	Slovenia
country	Wężnik (ˈvɛ̃ʐnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzęcin, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wężnik	Poland
country	Selsbakk is a residential area in Trondheim, Sør-Trøndelag, Norway, approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of the city centre.	Selsbakk	Norway
country	Trilek Castle (Slovene: Grad Trilek) is a small castle or fort near the settlement of Col, in the Municipality of Ajdovščina in southwest Slovenia.	Trilek Castle	Slovenia
country	Centre Européen de Recherches Internationales et Stratégiques (CERIS) is a private graduate university located in Brussels, Belgium.	Centre Européen de Recherches Internationales et Stratégiques	Belgium
country	Taman Daya Hockey Stadium or Johor State Hockey Stadium is the hockey stadium in Taman Daya, Tebrau, Johor Bahru District, Johor, Malaysia.	Taman Daya Hockey Stadium	Malaysia
country	Gung-dong is a dong, neighbourhood of Guro-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Gung-dong	South Korea
country	Rio Verde Pequeno (Portuguese for ``little green river'') is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.	Rio Verde Pequeno	Brazil
country	Slangerup is a town in Frederikssund municipality, about 30 km north-west of central Copenhagen, in the Capital Region of Denmark.	Slangerup	Denmark
country	Loralai (Pashto: لورالائی‎) is the principal city of Loralai District in the northeast of Balochistan province in Pakistan.	Loralai	Pakistan
country	Southmall Manurewa is a shopping centre located in Manurewa, a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand, adjacent to the Manurewa Train Station, 24.7 kilometres (15.3 mi) south-southeast of the Auckland CBD.	Southmall Manurewa	New Zealand
country	Jirg (Persian: جيرگ‎, also Romanized as Jīrg, Jīrak, Jirag, and Jīrk) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jirg	Iran
country	The Himalayan subtropical pine forests are a large subtropical coniferous forest ecoregion covering portions of Bhutan, India, Nepal, and Pakistan.	Himalayan subtropical pine forests	Bhutan
country	Khaneqah Bala va Pain (Persian: خانقاه بالاوپائين‎, also Romanized as Khāneqāh Bālā va Pā’īn; also known as Khal’ge, Khānegāh-e Bālā, Khāneqāh, and Khangah) is a village in Asalem Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Khaneqah Bala va Pain	Iran
country	Skare Church (Norwegian: Skare kyrkje) is a parish church in Odda municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Skare Church	Norway
country	Berlevåg Church (Norwegian: Berlevåg kirke) is a parish church in Berlevåg Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Berlevåg Church	Norway
country	Hoherodskopf is a mountain peak in the Vogelsberg of Hesse, Germany.	Hoherodskopf	Germany
country	Volcán Ixtepeque is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala.	Ixtepeque	Guatemala
country	Roodt railway station (Luxembourgish: Gare Rued, French: Gare de Roodt, German: Bahnhof Roodt) is a railway station serving Roodt-sur-Syre, in the commune of Betzdorf, in eastern Luxembourg.	Roodt railway station	Luxembourg
country	Eshpalam (Persian: اشپلم‎) is a village in Kasma Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eshpalam	Iran
country	The Parti Rakyat Sarawak or, PRS (English: Sarawak Peoples' Party) is a political party in Malaysia.	Parti Rakyat Sarawak	Malaysia
country	Zardaki-ye Sofla (Persian: زردكي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zardakī-ye Soflá and Zardaki Sofla; also known as Zardaki and Zardakī-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Angali Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Zardaki-ye Sofla	Iran
country	Svoronata (Greek: Σβορωνάτα) is a village in the municipal unit Leivathos, southern Cephalonia, Greece.	Svoronata	Greece
country	Zbytkowo (zbɨtˈkɔvɔ) (German: Bitterhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Zbytkowo	Poland
country	Besiberri Massif (Catalan: Massís del Besiberri) is a mountain massif of the central area of the Pyrenees, Lleida, Catalonia, Spain.	Besiberri Massif	Spain
country	Bobo-Dioulasso is a city in Burkina Faso with a population of about 537,728 (as of 2012), it is the second largest city in the country, after Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso's capital.	Bobo-Dioulasso	Burkina Faso
country	District Jail Gujrat is an old jail situated in Gujrat, Pakistan.	District Jail Gujrat	Pakistan
country	The Severomuysky Range (Russian: Се́веро-Му́йский хребе́т, Severo-Muyskiy khrebet, literally Northern Muya Range) is a mountain range in Buryatia, Russia, part of the Stanovoy Highlands.	Severomuysky Range	Russia
country	Mohlabetsi Conservancy, borders the Klaserie Game Reserve, which in its turn borders the Kruger Park, close to Hoedspruit, in the Limpopo province, South Africa.	Mohlabetsi Conservancy	South Africa
country	The Progressive Labour Movement was a major political party in Antigua and Barbuda, and until the 2000s, was the only political party to have defeated the Antigua Labour Party in an election.	Progressive Labour Movement	Antigua and Barbuda
country	Praça Sete de Setembro (Sete de Setembro Square) normally called Praça Sete, is a square inside Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil, in the center of the city's downtown.	Praça Sete de Setembro	Brazil
country	Durjan (Persian: درجن‎, also Romanized as Dūrjan and Dowrjen; also known as Darjan) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Durjan	Iran
country	Cobue is a small lake-side town in Niassa Province, in north-west Mozambique.	Cobue	Mozambique
country	Zuzela (zuˈzɛla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nur, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zuzela	Poland
country	The Nilgiri Himal is a range of three peaks in the Annapurna massif in Nepal.	Nilgiri Himal	Nepal
country	Coatréven (Breton: Koatreven) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	Coatréven	France
country	Al Muaisem is a neighborhood of Mecca in Makkah Province, in western Saudi Arabia.	Al Muaisem	Saudi Arabia
country	Rusajny (ruˈsai̯nɨ) (German: Roschenen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępopol, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Rusajny	Poland
country	The Republican Palace (Arabic: القصر الجمهوري al-Qaṣr al-Ǧumhūriy) is a palace in Baghdad, Iraq, constructed on the orders of King Faisal II. It was Saddam Hussein's preferred place to meet visiting heads of state.	Republican Palace	Iraq
country	The Wendish-German double church (Lower Sorbian Serbsko-nimska dwójna cerkwja we Wětošowje) is a so-called double church in Vetschau (Wětošow)/Spreewald, Germany.	Wendish-German double church	Germany
country	The Burmese passport or the Myanmar passport is the passport issued to citizens and nationals of Burma (officially called ``the Republic of the Union of Myanmar'').	Burmese passport	Myanmar
country	Radyně Castle is a castle situated on a hill of the same name, near the town of Starý Plzenec, in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Radyně Castle	Czech Republic
country	St. George's Caye is an island in the Caribbean Sea, eight miles east of Belize City.	St. George's Caye	Belize
country	The Hôtel de la Chambre des Députés (English: Hall of the Chamber of Deputies) is the meeting place of the Luxembourgish national legislature, the Chamber of Deputies, in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	Hôtel de la Chambre	Luxembourg
country	Wiewierz (ˈvjɛvjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wiewierz	Poland
country	Zlatitsa (Bulgarian: Златица) is a town and seat of Zlatitsa Municipality in southern Bulgaria located in the Zlatitsa-Pirdop valley, between Stara Planina to the north and Sredna Gora to the south at 680 meters above the sea level.	Zlatitsa	Bulgaria
country	Ardanj (Persian: اردنج‎) is a village in Yam Rural District, Meshkan District, Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ardanj	Iran
country	Kłodkowo (kwɔtˈkɔvɔ) (formerly German Klätkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiatów, within Gryfice County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kłodkowo	Poland
country	Bárðarbunga ((ˈpaurðarpuŋka)), Bardarbunga (Anglophone spelling), is a stratovolcano located under Vatnajökull, Iceland's most extensive glacier.	Bárðarbunga	Iceland
country	The Cephalonia Prefecture (Greek: Νομός Κεφαλληνίας) was a prefecture in Greece, containing the Ionian islands of Cephalonia and Ithaca.	Cephalonia Prefecture	Greece
country	BFC Germania 1888 was founded by 17-year-old Paul Jestram, his three brothers, and a number of their schoolmates from Askanischen Gymnasium at a time when football was not yet common in Germany, the first football games having been played in Berlin and Hamburg in the winter of 1881--82 by expatriate Englishmen.	BFC Germania 1888	Germany
country	The Asiak River is a waterway in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut in Canada.	Asiak River	Canada
country	Błądkowo (bwɔntˈkɔvɔ) (German: Plantikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Błądkowo	Poland
country	Marufan (Persian: معروفان‎, also Romanized as Ma``rūfān, Ma``roofan, and Marūfūn) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 36 families.	Marufan	Iran
country	Boumba River is a river in the South Cameroon Plateau of southeast Cameroon.	Boumba River	Cameroon
country	Khatyngnakh (Russian: Хатынгнах; Sakha: Хатыҥнаах) is a rural locality (a selo), the only inhabited locality, and the administrative center of Khatyngnakhsky Rural Okrug of Srednekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic, Russia, located 64 kilometers (40 mi) from Srednekolymsk, the administrative center of the district.	Khatyngnakh	Russia
country	Mündi (German: Müntenhof) is a village in Paide Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia known for its manor.	Mündi	Estonia
country	Žigrski Vrh (pronounced (ˈʒiːɡəɾski ˈʋəɾx)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Žigrski Vrh	Slovenia
country	Vecpiebalga parish (Latvian: Vecpiebalgas pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Cēsis District, Latvia.	Vecpiebalga parish	Latvia
country	Thoknia (Greek: Θωκνία) is a village in the municipality of Megalopoli, Arcadia, Greece.	Thoknia	Greece
country	Franco Miseria (Marsciano, 1949), choreographer Giancarlo Antognoni (Marsciano, 1954) former footballer, world champion with Italy national football team in 1982.	Marsciano	Italy
country	Albo Hundred (Swedish: Albo härad, Danish: Albo Herred) was a hundred on the east coast of Scania in southern Sweden.	Albo Hundred	Sweden
country	Chah-e Palund (Persian: چاه پالوند‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Pālūnd; also known as Chāh-e Pālūn) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ferdows County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Palund	Iran
country	Tianmenshan Temple (simplified Chinese: 天门山寺; traditional Chinese: 天門山寺; pinyin: Tiānménshān Sì) is a Buddhist temple located in Tianmen Mountain of Zhangjiajie, Hunan, in the People's Republic of China.	Tianmenshan Temple	People's Republic of China
country	The Ngari Capes Marine Park is a protected marine park on the lower south west coast of Western Australia, located approximately 250 kilometres (160 mi) south of Perth.	Ngari Capes Marine Park	Australia
country	Dubingiai Castle was a residential castle in Dubingiai, Molėtai district, Lithuania.	Dubingiai Castle	Lithuania
country	Ifsar (Cyrillic: Ифсар) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Ifsar	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Foeni (German: Föen; Hungarian: Fény; Serbian: Фењ or Fenj) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Foeni	Romania
country	Kihansi Dam is a hydroelectric dam located on the Kihansi River at the end of the Kihansi Gorge before the convergence with the Ulanga River in Tanzania approximately 450 kilometres (280 mi) southwest of Dar Es Salaam.	Kihansi Dam	Tanzania
country	The Prince George Free Press was a local weekly newspaper published in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada from 1994 to 2015.	Prince George Free Press	Canada
country	Kostomłoty Pierwsze (kɔstɔmˈwɔtɨ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedziana Góra, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kostomłoty Pierwsze	Poland
country	Deli Savari (Persian: دلي سواري‎, also Romanized as Delī Savārī; also known as Delī Savār) is a village in Poshteh-ye Zilayi Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Deli Savari	Iran
country	Nowa Wieś Dmochy (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈdmɔxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Nowa Wieś Dmochy	Poland
country	Iso-Heikkilä Observatory (Finnish: Iso-Heikkilän tähtitorni) is an amateur astronomical observatory in the Iso-Heikkilä district of Turku, Finland.	Iso-Heikkilä Observatory	Finland
country	Grkovci (Cyrillic: Грковци) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Grkovci	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	The Tainan University of Technology (TUT; Chinese: 台南應用科技大學), also known as Tainan Tech (台南科大; Tai-nan Ke-da), is a private university serving approximately 10,000 students in the Tainan metropolitan area in southern Taiwan.	Tainan University of Technology	Taiwan
country	Abidjan is the economic capital of Ivory Coast and is the most populous French-speaking city in West Africa.	Abidjan	Ivory Coast
country	Sodo or Wolaita Sodo is a town and separate woreda in south-central Ethiopia.	Sodo	Ethiopia
country	Futog (Serbian Cyrillic: Футог) is a big village in Serbia, in the Autonomous Province of Vojvodina.	Futog	Serbia
country	Ilha Comprida (Portuguese for ``long island'') is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Ilha Comprida	Brazil
country	Marchtrenk is a municipality with about 12.500 inhabitants in the district Wels-Land in the province Upper Austria of the Republic of Austria.	Marchtrenk	Austria
country	Ramziyeh-ye Do (Persian: رمزيه دو‎, also Romanized as Ramzīyeh-ye Do; also known as Ramzeyeh-ye Do and Ramzīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ramziyeh-ye Do	Iran
country	Petit-Tenquin (Lorraine Franconian: Klä-Tenschen/Klän Tensche, German: Kleintänchen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Petit-Tenquin	France
country	The Air Forces of the National People's Army (German: Luftstreitkräfte der Nationalen Volksarmee - LSK) was the Air Force of East Germany.	Air Forces of the National People's Army	East Germany
country	Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre (BCEC) is a convention centre in Brisbane, Australia.	Brisbane Convention & Exhibition Centre	Australia
country	Üsküdar American Academy is a private coeducational high school located in Üsküdar borough, Istanbul, Turkey.	Üsküdar American Academy	Turkey
country	Woburn Railway Station is a suburban railway station serving Woburn and Waiwhetu in Lower Hutt, New Zealand.	Woburn Railway Station	New Zealand
country	K'ara K'arani (Aymara k'ara k'ara crest, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a crest'', hispanicized spelling Caracarane) is a mountain in the Andes of southern Peru, about 4,600 metres (15,092 ft) high.	K'ara K'arani	Peru
country	The mainland part of German New Guinea and the nearby islands of the Bismarck Archipelago and the North Solomon Islands are now part of Papua New Guinea.	German New Guinea	Papua New Guinea
country	Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology (CBIT) is a college located in Gandipet, near Financial District, Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology	India
country	Saeftinghe or Saaftinge was a town in the southwest Netherlands, located in eastern Zeeuws-Vlaanderen, near Nieuw-Namen.	Saeftinghe	Netherlands
country	Tarrah Rural District (Persian: دهستان طراح‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Tarrah Rural District	Iran
country	Kobine is a traditional dance and festival unique to the Lawra area of north western Ghana.	Kobine	Ghana
country	Ullandhaug is a neighborhood (delområde) in the borough Hillevåg in Stavanger, Norway.	Ullandhaug	Norway
country	Chal Ab Morad Ali (Persian: چال اب مرادعلي‎, also Romanized as Chāl Āb Morād ʿAlī; also known as Chāl Āb and Chālū Āb) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Chal Ab Morad Ali	Iran
country	Frankfurt Cathedral (German: Frankfurter Dom), officially Cathedral of Saint Bartholomew (German: Kaiserdom Sankt Bartholomäus) is a Roman Catholic Gothic church located in the centre of Frankfurt am Main, Germany.	Frankfurt Cathedral	Germany
country	Vaskeh (Persian: وسكه‎) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vaskeh	Iran
country	Navobod or Nawobod (Tajik Навобод, Yaghnobi Наԝобод or Навобод) is a village in northwestern Tajikistan.	Navobod	Tajikistan
country	Kontea (Greek: Κοντέα, Turkish: Türkmenköy) is a village in the Famagusta District of Cyprus, located 3 km east of Lysi.	Kontea	Cyprus
country	Gereshmu (Persian: گرشمو‎, also Romanized as Gereshmū) is a village in Abnama Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gereshmu	Iran
country	Agbogbloshie is a former wetland and suburb of Accra, Ghana known as a destination for locally generated used electronics from the City of Accra.	Agbogbloshie	Ghana
country	Firebase Betty (also known as Currahee Base Camp, Landing Zone Betty or Phan Thiết) is a former U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) base south of Phan Thiết in Bình Thuận Province, southern Vietnam.	Firebase Betty	Vietnam
country	Boga Vas (pronounced (ˈboːɡa ˈʋaːs); Slovene: Boga vas) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Boga Vas	Slovenia
country	Haukelandshallen is an indoor sport arena in Årstad borough, Bergen, Norway.	Haukelandshallen	Norway
country	Buen Retiro Palace (Spanish: Palacio del Buen Retiro) in Madrid was a large palace complex designed by the architect Alonso Carbonell (c. 1590--1660) and built on the orders of Philip IV of Spain as a secondary residence and place of recreation (hence its name).	Buen Retiro Palace	Spain
country	Store Merløse is a town on Sjælland in Denmark with a population of 1,212 (1 January 2015).	Store Merløse	Denmark
country	Đulovići (Cyrillic: Ђуловићи) is a village in the municipality of Donji Vakuf, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Đulovići	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	Azizi-ye Vosta (Persian: عزيزي وسطي‎, also Romanized as ``Azīzī-ye Vosţá) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 29 families.	Azizi-ye Vosta	Iran
country	Leduc Public Library (LPL) is a publicly funded library institution in the city of Leduc, Alberta, Canada.	Leduc Public Library	Canada
country	Kannus is a town and municipality and city of Finland.	Kannus	Finland
country	Saras Baug is a major landmark in the city of Pune in India.	Saras Baug	India
country	Cenkova (pronounced (ˈtseːnkɔʋa)) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerkvenjak in northeastern Slovenia.	Cenkova	Slovenia
country	Mayak Nikodimsky (Russian: Маяк Никодимский) is a rural locality (an inhabited locality) in Tersky District of Murmansk Oblast, Russia, located on the Kola Peninsula at a height of 1 meter (3 ft 3 in) above sea level.	Mayak Nikodimsky	Russia
country	Lake Boya is a small lake about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of Kabongo in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	Lake Boya	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country	Sabratha, Sabratah or Siburata (Arabic: صبراتة‎), in the Zawiya District in the northwestern corner of modern Libya, was the westernmost of the ``three cities'' of Tripolis.	Sabratha	Libya
country	Hirske (Ukrainian: Гірське, Russian: Горское) is a city in Popasna Raion, Luhansk Oblast (region) of Ukraine.	Hirske	Ukraine
country	Hovtamej (Armenian: Հովտամեջ, also Romanized as Ovtamech and Hovtamech; formerly, Mugan and Mughanjik) is a town in the Armavir Province of Armenia.	Hovtamej	Armenia
country	The South Kara Depression is the central part of the South Kara Basin of the Arctic shelf of Russia.	South Kara Depression	Russia
country	Schwanefeld is a village and a former municipality in the Börde district in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany.	Schwanefeld	Germany
country	Dalęcino (dalɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dalęcino	Poland
country	Powierz (ˈpɔvjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Powierz	Poland
country	Wierzbowizna (vjɛʐbɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wierzbowizna	Poland
country	Białkowice (bjau̯kɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Białkowice	Poland
country	Point de mire was a popular Quebec information show on Radio-Canada that aired from 1956 to 1959.	Point de mire	Canada
country	Bobolice (bɔbɔˈlʲit͡sɛ) (German: Bublitz) is a town in Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland.	Bobolice	Poland
country	Łempinek (wɛmˈpinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łempinek	Poland
country	Binkowice (biŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ożarów, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Binkowice	Poland
country	Spodnje Prapreče (pronounced (ˈspoːdnjɛ ˈpɾaːpɾɛtʃɛ); German: Unterprapretsch) is a village near Lukovica in the eastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Spodnje Prapreče	Slovenia
country	Korsnes (Lule Sami: Hierenjárgga) is a village in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county, Norway.	Korsnes	Norway
country	Givat Washington (Hebrew: גִבְעַת ווֹשִינְגְטוֹן, lit. Washington Hill), also known as Beit Raban (Hebrew: בֵּית רַבָּן, lit. House of Raban) is a religious youth village in central Israel.	Givat Washington	Israel
country	Tresfjord Church (Norwegian: Tresfjord kyrkje) is a parish church in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.	Tresfjord Church	Norway
country	Pößneck (also spelled Poessneck) is a town in the Saale-Orla-Kreis district, in Thuringia, Germany.	Pößneck	Germany
country	The Leysse is the river which crosses the city of Chambéry, Savoie, France.	Leysse	France
country	A Marine Wildlife Area is a conservation status for a marine geographical region of Canada that restricts most human activities on that region.	Marine Wildlife Area	Canada
country	Quruzma (also, Quruzmaq, Kuruzma, and Quruzma) is a village and municipality in the Sabirabad Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Quruzma	Azerbaijan
country	Dunston Cave is an igneous cave on the Northern Range of Trinidad and Tobago.	Dunston Cave	Trinidad and Tobago
country	Aitutaki, also traditionally known as Araura, Ararau and Utataki, is one of the Cook Islands, north of Rarotonga.	Aitutaki	Cook Islands
country	Pacco Qillo (Urdu: پكا قلعه‎, Sindhi: پڪو قلعو, Strong Fort), formally known as Pakka Qilla, is an early modern fortification in Hyderabad, Pakistan.	Pacco Qillo	Pakistan
country	Pori railway station (Finnish: Porin rautatieasema, Swedish: Björneborgs järnvägsstation) is a railway station in Pori, Finland.	Pori railway station	Finland
country	The Dangqu River (Chinese: 当曲, p Dāngqū) or Dam Chu (Tibetan: འདམ་ཆུ, w 'Dam Chu, lit. ``Marshy River'') is a river in Qinghai province in the People's Republic of China.	Dangqu River	People's Republic of China
country	Budury Lagoon (Ukrainian: Будури, Romanian: Buduri) is a small salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast, Ukraine.	Budury Lagoon	Ukraine
country	Sestroretsk railway station (Russian: ста́нция Сестроре́цк, stantsiya Sestroretsk) is a railway station in Sestroretsk, Russia.	Sestroretsk railway station	Russia
country	Menchul (Ukrainian: Менчул), also Manchul, is a peak in the Chornohora region of Ukraine, with height of 1,998 meters above sea level.	Menchul	Ukraine
country	Lake Amaramba (Portuguese: Lago Amaramba) is a shallow lake in Mozambique, near the border with Malawi.	Lake Amaramba	Mozambique
country	Vimanapura is an eastern suburb of Bangalore in Karnataka in India.	Vimanapura	India
country	Attapeu , Attopu or Attapu (Lao: ອັດຕະປື) is the capital of Attapeu Province, Laos.	Attapeu	Laos
country	The Dimona Radar Facility is a facility near Dimona, Israel consisting of two 400 meter (1,300 feet) tall radar towers, designed to track ballistic missiles through space and provide ground-based missiles with the targeting data needed to intercept them.	Dimona Radar Facility	Israel
country	Sypniewo-Kolonia (sɨpˈɲevɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrowie, within Złotów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Sypniewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Kaffee Alt Wien is a traditional Viennese café located at Bäckerstraße 9 in the Innere Stadt first district in Vienna, Austria.	Kaffee Alt Wien	Austria
country	Shahpurkhan (Persian: شاهپورخان‎, also Romanized as Shāhpūrkhān; also known as Qosṭī) is a village in Jeyransu Rural District, in the Central District of Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahpurkhan	Iran
country	Velika Dobrava (pronounced (ˈʋeːlika dɔˈbɾaːʋa); German: Oberdobrawa) is a village east of Višnja Gora in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia.	Velika Dobrava	Slovenia
country	The Vienna Volksoper (Volksoper Wien or Vienna People's Opera) is a major opera house in Vienna, Austria.	Vienna Volksoper	Austria
country	Java (Indonesian: Jawa; Javanese: ꦗꦮ) is an island of Indonesia.	Java	Indonesia
country	Cyclone Kamisy was considered the worst tropical cyclone to affect northern Madagascar since 1911.	Cyclone Kamisy	Madagascar
country	The Bank of Hamilton was established in 1872 by local businessmen in the city of Hamilton, Ontario, Canada under the leadership of Donald McInnes, the bank's first President.	Bank of Hamilton	Canada
country	Governor Simcoe Secondary School named after John Graves Simcoe, is a public high school in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada.	Governor Simcoe Secondary School	Canada
country	São João da Pesqueira (Portuguese pronunciation: (sɐ̃w ʒuˈɐ̃w dɐ pɨʃˈkɐjɾɐ)) is a town and municipality in the district of Viseu in Portugal.	São João da Pesqueira	Portugal
country	Crikvenica (Croatian pronunciation: (ˈtsrikvɛnitsa); Latin: Ad Turres) is the largest settlement on the coast of the Vinodol coastal area, Croatia, and developed on the site of Roman era settlement and military base called Ad Turres.	Crikvenica	Croatia
country	Wied was a County of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany, located on the river Wied where it meets the Rhine.	Wied	Germany
country	The Gretha Islands (variant: Grethas Ōer) are an uninhabited island group located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut, Canada.	Gretha Islands	Canada
country	Doornfontein is an inner-city suburb of Johannesburg, South Africa, located to the east of the city centre, Region 8.	Doornfontein	South Africa
country	Iriéfla (also spelled Iréfla) is a town in central Ivory Coast.	Iriéfla	Ivory Coast
country	The Amazon.ca First Novel Award, formerly the Books in Canada First Novel Award, is a literary award given annually to the best first novel in English published the previous year by a citizen or resident of Canada.	Amazon.ca First Novel Award	Canada
country	Amirabad Haq Nader (Persian: اميرابادحق ندر‎, also Romanized as Amīrābād Haq Nader; also known as Amīrābād) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Amirabad Haq Nader	Iran
country	The Nokia railway station is located in the town of Nokia, Finland, on the track between Tampere and Pori.	Nokia railway station	Finland
country	The Parral River, is a river of Mexico.	Parral River	Mexico
country	Ujrzanów (ui̯ˈʐanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Ujrzanów	Poland
country	Derak Rural District (Persian: دهستان دراك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Derak Rural District	Iran
country	Kaloskopi (Greek: Καλοσκοπή, before 1927: Κουκουβίστα - Koukouvista) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Gravia, northeastern Phocis, Greece.	Kaloskopi	Greece
country	The RAF Hal Far airfield was the first permanent airfield to be built on Malta.	RAF Hal Far	Malta
country	The German-Hanoverian Party (German: Deutsch-Hannoversche Partei, DHP), also known as the Guelph Party (German: Welfenpartei), was a conservative, federalist political party in the German Empire and the Weimar Republic.	German-Hanoverian Party	German Empire
country	Estevan (Blue Sky) Aerodrome (TC LID: CBS2) is a registered aerodrome located 6.5 nautical miles (12.0 km; 7.5 mi) north of Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Estevan (Blue Sky) Aerodrome	Canada
country	Piranshahr Sugar Factory (Persian: كارخانه قندپيرانشهر‎ -- Kārkhāneh-ye Qand-e Pīrānshahr) is a village and company town in Lahijan-e Gharbi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Piranshahr Sugar Factory	Iran
country	The County of Brienne was a medieval county in France centered on Brienne-le-Château.	County of Brienne	France
country	Murai Reservoir (Chinese: 慕莱蓄水池; pinyin: Mù lái xù shuǐ chí) is one of the four reservoirs in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore.	Murai Reservoir	Singapore
country	The New Brunswick and Nova Scotia Land Company was one of several organizations which were established in Canada in the nineteenth century as a means of transferring land held by the Crown to individual owners.	New Brunswick and Nova Scotia Land Company	Canada
country	Carvoeiros is a settlement in the northern part of the island of São Nicolau, Cape Verde.	Carvoeiros	Cape Verde
country	Quzijaq-e Olya (Persian: قوزيجاق عليا‎, also Romanized as Qūzījāq-e ``Olyā) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 119, in 27 families.	Quzijaq-e Olya	Iran
country	Dakut is located in the province of Sulu, in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao, of the Philippines.	Dakut	Philippines
country	Voksenåsen is a hill and neighborhood in Vestre Aker borough in Oslo, Norway.	Voksenåsen	Norway
country	Immenstadt im Allgäu is a town in the Upper Allgäu, the southernmost district of Bavaria, Germany, in the German Alps.	Immenstadt	Germany
country	Scavenius' Stiftelse is a listed building situated on the west side of the town square in Sorø, Denmark.	Scavenius' Stiftelse	Denmark
country	The Distillery District is a commercial and residential district in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Distillery District	Canada
country	Indian Queens (Cornish: Krows Karworgi) is a village in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Indian Queens	United Kingdom
country	Azim Sirma (Russian: Азим-Сирма; Chuvash: Аçăм Çырми)) is a rural locality (a village) in Vurnarsky District of the Chuvash Republic, (Russia).	Azim Sirma	Russia
country	Jardín Botánico de San Fernando is a botanical garden located nex to the Parque Natural de la Bahía de Cádiz in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz, Andalusia, Spain.	Jardín Botánico de San Fernando	Spain
country	Kolbuszowa County (Polish: powiat kolbuszowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship, south-eastern Poland.	Kolbuszowa County	Poland
country	Tosmare is a district north of Liepāja, Latvia near the Karosta and lake ``Tosmare''.	Tosmare	Latvia
country	The Mughalsarai Railway Station is a famous and the fourth busiest station in India, with about 125 passenger trains pass through the Mughalsarai Junction.	Mughalsarai	India
country	Neulpur is a village near Chandikhole in Jajpur district, Orissa, India.	Neulpur	India
country	Sree Bhavaneeswara Temple in Palluruthy, Kochi established by the great saint, sage and social reformer of India, Sree Narayana Guru on 8 March 1916.	Sree Bhavaneeswara Temple	India
country	Okauva is a village in Ohangwena Region, Ondobe constituency in Namibia.	Okauva	Namibia
country	Soomaa National Park (Estonian: Soomaa rahvuspark) is national park in south-western Estonia.	Soomaa National Park	Estonia
country	Dolenja Vas pri Krškem (pronounced (dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm); Slovene: Dolenja vas pri Krškem) is a settlement east of Krško in eastern Slovenia.	Dolenja Vas pri Krškem	Slovenia
country	The Al Shaheen Oil Field is a production oil and gas field off the north east coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf, 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Doha.	Al Shaheen Oil Field	Qatar
country	Pregny-Chambésy is a commune in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.	Pregny-Chambésy	Switzerland
country	Miar Glacier is a glacier that forms in the north of Miar Peak (6,824 m (22,388 ft)) in Hoper Valley in Nagar, Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan.	Miar Glacier	Pakistan
country	Łabiszewo-Kolonia (wabiˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) (German: Kolonie Labüssow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łabiszewo-Kolonia	Poland
country	Fort Elson was already in existence when the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom decided to complete the line of fortifications to the west of Gosport inner defences so technically it is neither a Palmerston Fort nor a Royal Commission Fort.	Fort Elson	United Kingdom
country	Tetyushsky District (Russian: Тетю́шский райо́н; Tatar: Тәтеш районы) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Tetyushsky District	Russia
country	The Royal Queensland Golf Club is a golf club and course at the end of Curtin West Avenue, Eagle Farm, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Royal Queensland Golf Club	Australia
country	Jordavi (Persian: جردوي‎, also Romanized as Jordavī) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Kashmar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jordavi	Iran
country	Roana is a commune in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.	Roana	Italy
country	Markovo Airport (Russian: Аэропорт Марково) (IATA: KVM) is an airport located in Markovo, in the Chukotka autonomous district of Russia.	Markovo Airport	Russia
country	The Defence Communication Services Agency (DCSA) was an agency of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence responsible for the procurement and delivery of Communications and Information Services (CIS) to the defence community and related public and private sector bodies.	Defence Communication Services Agency	United Kingdom
country	Ahmed Abdalla Mazrui the former deputy Governor Central Bank of Kenya was born in Takaungu.	Takaungu	Kenya
country	The Bundesstraße 188 or B 188 is one of the longer German federal highways crossing northern Germany.	Bundesstraße 188	Germany
country	Tsovak (Armenian: Ծովակ; formerly, Nerkin Zagalu and Nizhniy Zagalu) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia.	Tsovak	Armenia
country	Saue Parish (est: Saue vald) is a rural municipality in Harju County, north-western Estonia.	Saue Parish	Estonia
country	CFIS-FM is a not-for-profit community radio station in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada, broadcasting at 93.1 FM.	CFIS-FM	Canada
country	Digernessundet is a strait in the municipality of Stord in Hordaland county, Norway.	Digernessundet	Norway
country	Sir Adam Beck Hydroelectric Generating Stations are two hydroelectric generating stations in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Canada.	Sir Adam Beck Hydroelectric Generating Stations	Canada
country	Chachran Sharif (Urdu: چاچڑان شریف‎) is a city in Tehsil Khanpur of the Rahim Yar Khan District, in the Punjab state of Pakistan.	Chachran	Pakistan
country	The Tiwi people are one of the many Indigenous groups of Australia.	Tiwi people	Australia
country	The Lessing Theater was a theatre in the Mitte district of Berlin, Germany.	Lessing Theater	Germany
country	Northholm Grammar School is associated with the Anglican Church of Australia and is located in Arcadia, New South Wales, Australia.	Northholm Grammar School	Australia
country	Havay (Persian: هواي‎, also Romanized as Havāy and Hovāy; also known as Havā) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Havay	Iran
country	Bolshoy Kamen (Russian: Большой Камень; IPA: (bɐlʲˈʂoj ˈkamʲɪnʲ), lit. large stone) is a town in the south of Primorsky Krai, Russia, located on the opposite side of the Ussuri Bay as seen from Lazurnaya Bay.	Bolshoy Kamen	Russia
country	Santa Cristina Gherdëina (Italian: Santa Cristina Valgardena (ˈsanta kriˈstiːna ˌvalɡarˈdeːna), German: St. Christina in Gröden) is a Ladin comune (municipality) in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) east of the city of Bolzano.	Santa Cristina Gherdëina	Italy
country	It is situated about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) from the city of Davangere Kondajji is well known as a picnic spot and it is one of the major scout and guide training center in South India.	Kondajji	India
country	Deshnoke (Hindi: देशनोक) is a small town in the Bikaner district of Rajasthan, India, near the Pakistan border and about 30 km from Bikaner.	Deshnoke	India
country	Pietrzyki (pjɛˈtʂɨki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pietrzyki	Poland
country	The Collegium Novum (Latin: ``New College'') is the Neo-Gothic main building of the Jagiellonian University in Kraków, Poland, built in 1873-1887.	Collegium Novum	Poland
country	Hyoja Station (Hangul: 효자역; hanja: 孝子驛) is a station of the U Line in Shingok-dong, Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do, South Korea.	Hyoja Station	South Korea
country	Budhla Sant is a town located to the east of Multan, in southern Punjab, Pakistan.	Budhla Sant	Pakistan
country	The Saint Afram Syriac Orthodox Cathedral is a Syriac Orthodox cathedral in Södertälje in Sweden.	Saint Afram Syriac Orthodox Cathedral	Sweden
country	Kufa (Arabic: الكوفة‎ al-Kūfah) is a city in Iraq, about 170 kilometres (110 mi) south of Baghdad, and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of Najaf.	Kufa	Iraq
country	Do Palureh (Persian: دوپلوره‎, also Romanized as Do Palūreh, Doplūreh, Dow Palūreh, Dūpalūreh, and Dūpelūreh) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Do Palureh	Iran
country	Gatkuiyeh (Persian: گتكوئيه‎, also Romanized as Gatkū’īyeh, Gatkoo’eyeh, and Gatkūyeh; also known as Gankū’īyeh, Gatgūyeh and Katkū’īyeh) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gatkuiyeh	Iran
country	Dąbrówka Stara (dɔmˈbrufka ˈstara) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dąbrówka Stara	Poland
country	The Daugavpils City Party (Latvian: Daugavpils pilsētas partija, DPP) was a regionalist political party located in Daugavpils, Latvia.	Daugavpils City Party	Latvia
country	San Andrés Yutatío is a small town in the municipality of Tezoatlán de Segura y Luna, in the Huajuapan District of the Mixteca Baja region, in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico.	San Andrés Yutatío	Mexico
country	Setiawangsa is an eastern suburb in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, located less than 4 kilometres from the city centre and located right next to Ampang.	Setiawangsa	Malaysia
country	Siteki is a town in eastern Swaziland, lying west of the Lebombo Mountains.	Siteki	Swaziland
country	The Houthaven (Amsterdam) is a neighborhood of the city of Amsterdam, in the Netherlands.	Houthaven (Amsterdam)	Netherlands
country	Kimi Ora School Wellington is a special needs school in Wellington, New Zealand for students with physical disabilities, particularly cerebral palsy.	Kimi Ora School	New Zealand
country	San Giuseppe Vesuviano is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy, region Campania, located about 20 km east of Naples.	San Giuseppe Vesuviano	Italy
country	Bangalow is a small town in New South Wales, Australia, in Byron Shire with a population of 1,902.	Bangalow	Australia
country	Sitaphalmandi is one of the old suburbs of Secunderabad in the state of Telangana, India.	Sitaphalmandi	India
country	Villers-Cotterêts (pronounced: (vi.lɛʁ kɔ.tə.ʁɛ) or (vi.le kɔ.tə.ʁɛ)) is a commune in the Aisne department in Picardy in northern France.	Villers-Cotterêts	France
country	Seden is a large village and northeastern suburb of Odense, in Funen, Denmark.	Seden	Denmark
country	The Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute (also known as CSIR-CMERI Durgapur or CMERI Durgapur) is a public engineering research and development institution in Durgapur, West Bengal, India.	Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute	India
country	Cherai Gowreeshwara Temple is one of the main Hindu temple in Kerala state, south India.	Cherai Gowreeshwara Temple	India
country	The QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute (QIMR Berghofer) (previously known as the Queensland Institute of Medical Research, QIMR) is a medical research institute located in Herston, Brisbane, Australia.	QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute	Australia
country	Kenur Ameri (Persian: كنورعمري‎, also Romanized as Kenūr ʿAmerī) is a village in Jakdan Rural District, in the Central District of Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kenur Ameri	Iran
country	Fuhrländer Wind Turbine Laasow is a wind turbine, built in 2006 near the village of Laasow, Brandenburg, Germany.	Fuhrländer Wind Turbine Laasow	Germany
country	The Theatre of María Guerrero (Spanish: Teatro María Guerrero) is a theatre located in Madrid, Spain.	Theatre of María Guerrero	Spain
country	Mužla (Hungarian: Muzsla) is a village and large municipality in the Nové Zámky District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Mužla	Slovakia
country	Lega Nord Toscana (English: Northern League Tuscany, LNT) is a regionalist political party in Tuscany, Italy.	Lega Nord Toscana	Italy
country	Ajim (Arabic: أجيم‎ Aǧīm) is a commune and port located on the Island of Djerba off the coast of Tunisia.	Ajim	Tunisia
country	The Karlevi Runestone, designated as Öl 1 by Rundata, is commonly dated to the late 10th century and located near the Kalmarsund straight in Karlevi on the island of Öland, Sweden.	Karlevi Runestone	Sweden
country	The Strausberg Railway (Strausberger Eisenbahn) is a light railway serving the town of Strausberg in Brandenburg, Germany.	Strausberg Railway	Germany
country	Słupia-Gabrielów (ˈswupja ɡaˈbrjɛluf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Słupia, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Słupia-Gabrielów	Poland
country	The Roskilde Museum of Tools (Danish: Roskilde Håndværksmuseet) is a branch of Roskilde Museum located on Ringstedgade in Roskilde, Denmark.	Roskilde Museum of Tools	Denmark
country	Laajasalon Palloseura (abbreviated LPS) is a football club from Laajasalo, Helsinki in Finland.	Laajasalon Palloseura	Finland
country	Baumgarten an der March is a small subdivision of the municipality of Weiden an der March in Lower Austria, Austria.	Baumgarten an der March	Austria
country	Baghak-e Shomali (Persian: باغک شمالی‎, also Romanized as Bāghak-e Shomālī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Baghak-e Shomali	Iran
country	The Alb Valley Railway (German: Albtalbahn) is a railway line in southern Germany that runs from Karlsruhe via Ettlingen to Bad Herrenalb with a branch to Ittersbach.	Alb Valley Railway	Germany
country	Neurossgarten Church (German: Neuroßgärter or Neuroßgärtner Kirche) was a Protestant church in northwestern Königsberg, Germany.	Neurossgarten Church	Germany
country	Chukasara Poshteh (Persian: چوكاسراپشته‎, also Romanized as Chūkāsarā Poshteh) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chukasara Poshteh	Iran
country	The Oker is a river in Lower Saxony, Germany, that has historically formed an important political boundary.	Oker	Germany
country	CIMT-DT is a French language television station affiliated with TVA in Rivière-du-Loup, Quebec, Canada.	CIMT-DT	Canada
country	The Mommsenstadion is a multi-purpose stadium in Berlin, Germany, named after the historian Theodor Mommsen.	Mommsenstadion	Germany
country	Tutwell is a hamlet in the Tamar Valley east of Stoke Climsland, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tutwell	United Kingdom
country	Bilimono (also spelled Bilémona) is a town in north-eastern Ivory Coast.	Bilimono	Ivory Coast
country	Ichhunayuq (Quechua ichhuna sickle, -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership, ``the one with a sickle'', hispanicized spelling Ichunayoc) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,200 metres (13,780 ft) high.	Ichhunayuq	Peru
country	Chintsa (formerly Cintsa) is a village in the Wild Coast region of the Eastern Cape province, South Africa.	Chintsa	South Africa
country	The Varna Necropolis (Bulgarian: Варненски некропол) (also Varna Cemetery) is a burial site in the western industrial zone of Varna (approximately half a kilometre from Lake Varna and 4 km from the city centre), Bulgaria, internationally considered one of the key archaeological sites in world prehistory.	Varna Necropolis	Bulgaria
country	Navana Tower is a high-rise located in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	Navana Tower	Bangladesh
country	The American Embassy School, South Delhi, India, is an independent, co-educational day school which offers an educational program from prekindergarten through Grade 12.	American Embassy School	India
country	The Old Naini Bridge is one of the longest and oldest bridges in India, located in Allahabad.	Old Naini Bridge	India
country	The B.M.S. Institute of Technology (abbreviated as BMSIT), is a private engineering college in Bangalore, Karnataka, India affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum.	B.M.S. Institute of Technology	India
country	Kharanaq (Persian: خرانق‎‎, also Romanized as Kharānaq, Kharāneq, and Kharānoq; also known as Khowrāneq and ((means land of sun))Khurūnaq) is a village in Rabatat Rural District, Kharanaq District, Ardakan County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kharanaq	Iran
country	Bumburet (Kalasha: Mumuret, Urdu: وادی پمپوریت‎) is the largest valley of Kalasha Desh in Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.	Bumburet	Pakistan
country	Kharkhari Nahar is a village located at the outskirts of Delhi, India, with a population of around 2000.	Kharkhari Nahar	India
country	Adlikon bei Andelfingen (or simply Adlikon) is a municipality in the district of Andelfingen in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.	Adlikon bei Andelfingen	Switzerland
country	The 1998 World Allround Speed Skating Championships were held on 13--15 March 1998 in the Thialf stadium in Heerenveen, Netherlands.	1998 World Allround Speed Skating Championships	Netherlands
country	Bodanna is a farmstead in mid Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Bodanna	United Kingdom
country	Holy Name University (formerly known as Holy Name College and Divine Word College of Tagbilaran) is a Catholic university, high school and elementary school located in Tagbilaran, Bohol, Philippines.	Holy Name University	Philippines
country	Puzhal aeri, or Puzhal lake, also known as the Red Hills Lake, is located in Redhills, Thiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu, South India.	Puzhal aeri	India
country	Yaztyyel is a village in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Yaztyyel	Azerbaijan
country	Beit Zaid (Hebrew: בֵּית זַיְד or בית זייד, lit. House of Zaid) is a moshav in northern Israel.	Beit Zaid	Israel
country	Kun Shan University (KSU; Chinese: 崑山科技大學) is a private university in Yongkang District, Tainan, Taiwan.	Kun Shan University	Taiwan
country	The Sapugaskanda Power Station is a 160 megawatt power station in Sapugaskanda, in the Western Province of Sri Lanka.	Sapugaskanda Power Station	Sri Lanka
country	Luzhu District (Chinese: 蘆竹區; pinyin: Lúzhú Qū) is a district in Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Luzhu District	Taiwan
country	Mundame or Moundamé is a community in Cameroon, in the Southwest Region, about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the Mungo River.	Mundame	Cameroon
country	The Tlell River is a watercourse on the east side of Graham Island in Haida Gwaii, British Columbia, Canada.	Tlell River	Canada
country	Zmeinogorsk (Russian: Змеиного́рск) is a town and the administrative center of Zmeinogorsky District of Altai Krai, Russia, located on the Korbolikha (the Aley's tributary) and Zmeyevka Rivers.	Zmeinogorsk	Russia
country	Warden Energy Centre is a power station owned by Markham District Energy Incorporated situated at the northwest corner of Warden Avenue and Highway 407 in King, Ontario, Canada.	Warden Energy Centre	Canada
country	Albersweiler is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße (``Southern Wine Road'') district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Albersweiler	Germany
country	The Sculpture by the Sea exhibition in Sydney and Perth is Australia's largest annual outdoor sculpture exhibition.	Sculpture by the Sea	Australia
country	Sevenum ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Zaerem) is a town in the province Limburg in the southeastern Netherlands.	Sevenum	Netherlands
country	Eilerts de Haan Mountains (Dutch: Eilerts de Haangebergte) is a mountain range in Sipaliwini District, Suriname, located at around 3°N 56.166667°W. It is a southern part of Wilhelmina Mountains and is maximum 986 m high.	Eilerts de Haan Mountains	Suriname
country	Cheongdam-dong (Hangul: 청담동; hanja: 淸潭洞) is a ward of Gangnam-gu in Seoul, South Korea.	Cheongdam-dong	South Korea
country	University College Hospital (UCH) is a teaching hospital located in London, United Kingdom.	University College Hospital	United Kingdom
country	Zgornje Vodale (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ʋɔˈdaːlɛ) or (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈʋoːdalɛ)) is a small settlement in the hills east of Tržišče in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia.	Zgornje Vodale	Slovenia
country	Angangueo (Spanish (ang' ang' eo) ) is a town and municipality located in far eastern Michoacán state in central Mexico noted for its history of mining and its location in the Monarch Butterfly Biosphere Reserve.	Angangueo	Mexico
country	Eleftheroupoli (Greek: Ελευθερούπολη, katharevousa: Ελευθερούπολις - Eleftheroupolis, until 1929 Πράβι - Pravi, Turkish: Pravişte) is a town and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece.	Eleftheroupoli	Greece
country	The Cap de la Nau (Valencian: (ˈkab de la ˈnaw)) or Cabo de la Nao (Spanish: (ˈkaβo ðe la ˈnao)), literally Cape of the Ship, is a headland located central-eastern coastal Spain on the Gulf of Valencia, Mediterranean Sea.	Cap de la Nau	Spain
country	The Vereeniging voor Vrouwenkiesrecht was a women's rights organisation active in the Netherlands from 1894 to 1919.	Vereeniging voor Vrouwenkiesrecht	Netherlands
country	Muzi Koti (Persian: موزي كتي‎, also Romanized as Mūzī Kotī) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Muzi Koti	Iran
country	Adria International Raceway is a motorsport race track near Adria in the Veneto region of Northern Italy.	Adria International Raceway	Italy
country	Hintalo, formerly known as Antalo, is a town in northern Ethiopia.	Hintalo	Ethiopia
country	Amboise (pronounced: (ɑ̃bwaːz)) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.	Amboise	France
country	Govandi is a suburban neighbourhood in eastern Mumbai, India.	Govandi	India
country	First Belgrade Gymnasium is a grammar school with a long tradition, founded in 1839, in Belgrade (Serbia).	First Belgrade Gymnasium	Serbia
country	Rudbar Hoseyn Beyg (Persian: رودبارحسين بيگ‎‎, also Romanized as Rūdbar Ḩoseyn Beyg; also known as Rūdbarreh) is a village in Zirtang Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Rudbar Hoseyn Beyg	Iran
country	Danapur (also known as Dinapur) is a satellite town of Patna in Bihar state of India.	Danapur	India
country	Baby Roach Cay is an island off the coast of Belize.	Baby Roach Cay	Belize
country	Fort de Vézelois, also known as Fort Ordener, was built between 1883 and 1886 near Vézelois, to the southeast of Belfort in northeastern France.	Fort de Vézelois	France
country	Sydney Adventist Hospital, commonly known as the San, is a large private hospital in Sydney, Australia, located on Fox Valley Road in Wahroonga.	Sydney Adventist Hospital	Australia
country	Dul Zangi (Persian: دول زنگي‎, also Romanized as Dūl Zangī) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Dul Zangi	Iran
country	Raureka is a suburb of the city of Hastings, in the Hawke's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.	Raureka	New Zealand
country	Gangaramaya Temple is one of the most important temples in Colombo, Sri Lanka, being a mix of modern architecture and cultural essence.	Gangaramaya Temple	Sri Lanka
country	Popivtsi (Ukrainian: Попівці) is a village (selo) in Brodivskyi Raion, Lviv Oblast, in western Ukraine.	Popivtsi	Ukraine
country	The Shire Highlands are a plateau in southern Malawi, located east of the Shire River.	Shire Highlands	Malawi
country	The Hoofdklasse (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈɦoːft.ˌklɑ.sə)) is the 2nd highest league of amateur football in the Netherlands, and the fourth tier in general.	Hoofdklasse	Netherlands
country	Nawaminthrachinuthit Bodindecha School is a public school in downtown Bangkok, Thailand.	Nawaminthrachinuthit Bodindecha School	Thailand
country	Grant Land is the northern lobe of Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Grant Land	Canada
country	Scholven Power Station is an E.ON owned coal-fired power plant in Gelsenkirchen, Germany.	Scholven Power Station	Germany
country	Digerudgrunnen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Digerudgrunnen fyr) was a coastal lighthouse in the inner Oslofjord, in the municipality of Frogn in Akershus, Norway.	Digerudgrunnen Lighthouse	Norway
country	Bovše (pronounced (ˈboːu̯ʃɛ)) is a settlement in the hills east of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia.	Bovše	Slovenia
country	Wyśmierzyce (vɨɕmjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a town in Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 884 inhabitants (2004).	Wyśmierzyce	Poland
country	Demondrille railway station is a now-closed railway station on the Main South railway line in New South Wales, Australia.	Demondrille railway station	Australia
country	Théza (Catalan: Tesà) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in southern France.	Théza	France
country	Falésia Beach (Portuguese: Praia da Falésia, meaning Cliff Beach) is a beach in Albufeira, Algarve, southern Portugal.	Falésia Beach	Portugal
country	The Namoi River, a major perennial river that is part of the Barwon catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales, Australia.	Namoi River	Australia
country	Buriram Airport (also known as Buri Ram Airport, Thai: ท่าอากาศยานบุรีรัมย์) (IATA: BFV, ICAO: VTUO), is an airport serving Buriram (also known as Buri Ram), the capital of Buriram Province in Thailand.	Buriram Airport	Thailand
country	Dobroszowice (dɔbrɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza, within Prudnik County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Dobroszowice	Poland
country	Interliner is an express bus system in the Netherlands.	Interliner	Netherlands
country	Zhongzhou Station (Chinese: 中洲車站; pinyin: Zhōngzhōu chēzhàn) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration Western Line and the Shalun Line in Rende District, Tainan City, Taiwan.	Zhongzhou Station	Taiwan
country	Baníkov (Polish: Banówka) is a mountain in the Western Tatras mountain range, Slovakia.	Baníkov	Slovakia
country	Žeimelis (formerly: Zaumel) is a town in northern Lithuania, 40 km to the north from Pakruojis, near the border with Latvia.	Žeimelis	Lithuania
country	Amir Bekandeh (Persian: اميربكنده‎, also Romanized as Amīr Bekandeh; also known as Amīr Kandeh, Amir-Kende, and Amit Kendeh) is a village in Hajji Bekandeh-ye Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Amir Bekandeh	Iran
country	Manqabad also spelled Mankabad (Arabic: منقباد‎) is a town in Upper Egypt, near the city of Asyut.	Manqabad	Egypt
country	Launceston Christian School (Inc.) is a private, co-educational day school based in Riverside, Launceston, Tasmania, Australia.	Launceston Christian School	Australia
country	Antezana de Foronda also called Antezana de Álava or just Antezana, which is currently its official name (called Andetxa in Basque) is a village in the municipality of Vitoria-Gasteiz in the province of Álava, Basque Country, Spain.	Antezana de Foronda	Spain
country	Charles Square (Czech: Karlovo náměstí) is a city square in the New Town of Prague, Czech Republic.	Charles Square	Czech Republic
country	The Grand Western Canal ran between Taunton in Somerset and Tiverton in Devon in the United Kingdom.	Grand Western Canal	United Kingdom
country	Thurles railway station is near the centre of Thurles town, County Tipperary in Ireland.	Thurles railway station	Ireland
country	The Cannes Mandelieu Space Center is an industrial plant dedicated to spacecraft manufacturing, located in both the towns of Cannes and Mandelieu in France.	Cannes Mandelieu Space Center	France
country	Todan (also, T’odan) is a village and municipality in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan.	Todan	Azerbaijan
country	Treviso Cathedral (Italian: Duomo di Treviso, Cattedrale di San Pietro Apostolo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Treviso, Veneto, northern Italy, dedicated to Saint Peter.	Treviso Cathedral	Italy
country	Clay-Ashland is a township located 10 miles (16 km) from the capital city of Monrovia in Liberia.	Clay-Ashland	Liberia
country	Pulau-Pulau Terselatan is a district (Kecamatan) in the Maluku Barat Daya regency (kabupaten) of the province of Maluku, Indonesia.	Pulau-Pulau Terselatan	Indonesia
country	Great Doddington is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire in the United Kingdom, close to Wellingborough and just off the A45.	Great Doddington	United Kingdom
country	Shir Khond (Persian: شيرخند‎, also Romanized as Shīr Khond and Shīrkhand; also known as Shahr-e Khāh and Shīr Khān) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shir Khond	Iran
country	Arathwada is a village in the district of Sirohi in Rajasthan state in Western India.	Arathwada	India
country	Isca Dumnoniorum, also known simply as Isca, was a town in the Roman province of Britannia at the site of present-day Exeter in the English county of Devon in the United Kingdom.	Isca Dumnoniorum	United Kingdom
country	Rucăr is a commune in the north-eastern part of Argeş County, Romania.	Rucăr	Romania
country	Gavmakhal-e Eyvani (Persian: گاومخل ايواني‎, also Romanized as Gāvmakhal-e Eyvānī; also known as Gāh Maghal, Gāmqāl, and Gāvmakhal) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gavmakhal-e Eyvani	Iran
country	Lađevine (Serbian: Лађевине) is a village in the Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Lađevine	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country	INS Hansa, (IATA: N/A, ICAO: VOGO) is an Indian naval air station located near Dabolim in Goa, India.	INS Hansa	India
country	Frederikshavnsvej railway halt (Danish: Frederikshavnsvej Trinbræt) is a railway halt serving the western part of the town of Skagen, Denmark.	Frederikshavnsvej railway halt	Denmark
country	Langur-e Bala (Persian: لنگوربالا‎, also Romanized as Langūr-e Bālā; also known as Bālā Langūr) is a village in Feyziyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Langur-e Bala	Iran
country	Giliðtrítitindur is a mountain located in the island of Vágar (Faroe Islands), at an altitude of 643 metres.	Giliðtrítitindur	Faroe Islands
country	Hæstad Church (Norwegian: Hæstad kirke) is a parish church in the municipality of Dønna in Nordland county, Norway.	Hæstad Church	Norway
country	Kolonia Nowy Dwór (kɔˈlɔɲa ˈnɔvɨ ˈdvur) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kolonia Nowy Dwór	Poland
country	The Athens International Airport Archaeological Collection is a museum in the Athens International Airport in Spata, Attica, Greece.	Athens International Airport Archaeological Collection	Greece
country	Bukit Panjang Bus Interchange is a bus interchange serving Bukit Panjang New Town, Singapore.	Bukit Panjang Bus Interchange	Singapore
country	Tampoketsa Analamaitso Reserve is a wildlife reserve of Madagascar located in the Sofia Region.	Tampoketsa Analamaitso Reserve	Madagascar
country	Gabernik (pronounced (ˈɡaːbəɾnik), sometimes spelled Gabrnik) is a settlement in the hills just north of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia.	Gabernik	Slovenia
country	Umlazi is a township on the east coast of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, located south-west of Durban.	Umlazi	South Africa
country	Formosa Airlines (traditional Chinese: 國華航空; simplified Chinese: 国华航空; pinyin: Guóhuá Hángkōng) was a regional airline from Taiwan, operating an extensive network of domestic routes out of its bases at Taipei Songshan Airport and Kaohsiung International Airport.	Formosa Airlines	Taiwan
country	Gorenji Vrsnik (pronounced (ɡɔˈɾeːnji ʋəɾˈsniːk)) is a village in the Municipality of Idrija in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia.	Gorenji Vrsnik	Slovenia
country	Lake Yurkhyamyayarvi (Russian: Юрхямяярви; Finnish: Jyrhämäjärvi) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Lake Yurkhyamyayarvi	Russia
country	Mogharrab-e Do (Persian: مغرب 2‎; also known as Maghreb, Mogharrab, Moqarreb, Moqarreb-e, and Qaryeh-ye Moqarreb) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Zarqan District, Shiraz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mogharrab-e Do	Iran
country	Calabritto is an Italian town and a commune in the province of Avellino, Campania, Italy.	Calabritto	Italy
country	Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site, often referred to simply as Gwaii Haanas, is located in the southernmost Haida Gwaii (formerly known as Queen Charlotte Islands), 130 kilometres (81 miles) off the mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Gwaii Haanas National Park Reserve and Haida Heritage Site	Canada
country of citizenship	John Pascoe Grenfell (20 September 1800 -- 20 March 1869) was a British born officer and diplomat of the Empire of Brazil.	John Pascoe Grenfell	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sir Louis-Olivier Taillon, PC (September 26, 1840 -- April 25, 1923) was born in Terrebonne, Lower Canada (now Quebec).	Louis-Olivier Taillon	Canada
country of citizenship	Tony Rosato (born December 26, 1954) is an Italian-Canadian actor and voice actor who has appeared in television and movies in both Canada and the United States.	Tony Rosato	Canada
country of citizenship	Seyed Khalil Alinezhad (alternative spelling: Seyyed Khalil Alinejad; (Kurdish language): سەید خەلیل عالینژاد, born 1968, Sahneh, Kermanshah Province, Iran -- 2001, Gothenburg, Sweden) was a great master of the spiritual instrument tanbur, recognized as one of the best tanbur players ever known.	Seyed Khalil Alinezhad	Iran
country of citizenship	Xavier Niodogo is a Burkinabé diplomat and the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Burkina Faso to Germany, with concurrent accreditation to the Russian Federation.	Xavier Niodogo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Shaykh Abd Al-Rahman bin Ahmad al-Zayla'i (Arabic: عبد الرحمن بن أحمد الزيلعي‎) (b. 1820--1882) was a Somali scholar who played a crucial role in the spread of the Qadiriyyah movement in Somalia and East Africa.	Abd Al-Rahman bin Ahmad al-Zayla'i	Somalia
country of citizenship	Emperor Go-Uda (後宇多天皇 Go-Uda-tennō) (December 17, 1267 -- July 16, 1324) was the 91st emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Go-Uda	Japan
country of citizenship	Ágnes Geréb (born December 20, 1952) is a Hungarian gynaecologist/midwife and psychologist, the pioneer of father's participation in deliveries at hospital and homebirth in Hungary.	Ágnes Geréb	Hungary
country of citizenship	Bertha Schroeder (1872--1953) was a notable New Zealand salvation army officer, social worker and probation officer.	Bertha Schroeder	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan Valdés Figueroa is a Cuban diplomat and is the current Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Republic of Cuba to the Russian Federation.	Juan Valdés Figueroa	Cuba
country of citizenship	Igor Radojičić (Serbian Cyrillic: Игор Радојичић; born 13 September 1966) is former President of the People's Assembly of Republika Srpska, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and following the death of President Milan Jelić, was acting President of Republika Srpska from October 1, 2007 to 28 December 2007.	Igor Radojičić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Rehane Abrahams is a performance artist from Cape Town, South Africa.	Rehane Abrahams	South Africa
country of citizenship	Pinchas Toledano is the current Haham (Chief Rabbi) of Amsterdam and of the Spanish and Portuguese Jews of the Netherlands.	Pinchas Toledano	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Johan Victor Aarne was a gold- and silversmith in Imperial Russia and Finland who worked for Fabergé.	Johan Victor Aarne	Finland
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Koepp (26 April 1934 in Holzthum - 3 August 2010 in Ettelbruck) was a politician and restaurateur in Luxembourg.	Jean-Pierre Koepp	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Stig Arild Slørdahl (born 6 March 1959) is Managing Director of the Central Norway Regional Health Authority.	Stig Arild Slørdahl	Norway
country of citizenship	Nawshirwan Mustafa was born in the old quarter of Sulaymaniyah, Iraq 1944, the eldest of two sons of Mustafa Émin.	Nawshirwan Mustafa	Iraq
country of citizenship	Ari Poutiainen (born 1972 in Kaarlela, Finland) is a Finnish contemporary jazz violinist, violist, composer, and researcher.	Ari Poutiainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Christian Galenda (born January 18, 1982) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy, who won the bronze medal in the men's individual 100 metres freestyle event at the 2004 European Championships.	Christian Galenda	Italy
country of citizenship	Simon Slade (born 1982) is an internet entrepreneur from Christchurch, New Zealand.	Simon Slade	New Zealand
country of citizenship	İlyas Demir (born June 16, 1985 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite -60 kg division.	İlyas Demir	Turkey
country of citizenship	Michael Achmeteli (Georgian: მიხეილ ახმეტელი, Mikheil Akhmeteli) (1895--1963) was a Georgian émigré scholar, an expert on Soviet agriculture and sometime chief of Wannsee Institut, the SS-controlled research institute of Soviet studies in Nazi Germany.	Michael Achmeteli	Nazi Germany
country of citizenship	Peter Egharevba is a Nigerian Retired Footballer that played for New Nigeria Bank F.C. in the 1980s.	Peter Egharevba	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Camille Prats's first foray into show business came in 1990 when she was a contestant in ``Little Miss Philippines'', a popular segment of the variety show Eat Bulaga.	Camille Prats	Philippines
country of citizenship	Özer Türkmen was the head of the army of the TRNC (Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus).	Özer Türkmen	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country of citizenship	Adrian Cornelius Langerwerf (15 September 1876--7 April 1935) was a New Zealand catholic missionary and writer.	Adrian Cornelius Langerwerf	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Carlos Eugenio Restrepo Restrepo (September 12, 1867 -- July 6, 1937) was a Colombian lawyer, writer, and statesman, who was elected President of Colombia in 1910.	Carlos Eugenio Restrepo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Lachlan Mitchell born 30 September 1987 in Australia is a rugby union player for Melbourne Rebels in the Super Rugby competition.	Lachlan Mitchell	Australia
country of citizenship	E. Ahamed (born 29 April 1938) is the former Minister of State for External Affairs of India.	E. Ahamed	India
country of citizenship	Idhomene Kosturi (1873 -- 5 November 1943), also known as Idhomeno Kosturi, was an Albanian politician, regent and once acting Prime Minister of Albania.	Idhomene Kosturi	Albania
country of citizenship	Malika Ayane (Italian pronunciation: (maˈliːka aˈjan); born 31 January 1984, Milan, Italy) is an Italian pop singer.	Malika Ayane	Italy
country of citizenship	Dieter Senghaas decisively left his mark on the discussion of theoretical development within international relations in Germany with his works about the possibilities of independent development processes in dependency of the given international conditions (economic and political).	Dieter Senghaas	Germany
country of citizenship	Volkan Bekçi (born 15 February 1987 in Vakfıkebir) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Beylerbeyi S.K. on loan from Galatasaray S.K. He is a Midfielder and wears the 61 shirt which is the car number plate location codes for Trabzon, Turkey, where his parents from.	Volkan Bekçi	Turkey
country of citizenship	Maura Fay (12 March 1958 -- 29 October 2001) was a leading casting director within the entertainment industry in Australia.	Maura Fay	Australia
country of citizenship	João Barbosa Rodrigues (1842--1909) was considered one of Brazil's greatest botanists, known especially for his work on orchids and palms.	João Barbosa Rodrigues	Brazil
country of citizenship	Maurizio Damilano (born 6 April 1957 in Scarnafigi, Italy) is an Italian former race walker.	Maurizio Damilano	Italy
country of citizenship	Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Richard Casimir Karl August Robert Konstantin; born 29 October 1934 in Giessen, Germany) is the head of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and husband of Princess Benedikte of Denmark.	Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg	Germany
country of citizenship	Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati was born in 1942 in Vadavati, a small village in Raichur taluk of Karnataka, India.	Pandit Narasimhalu Vadavati	India
country of citizenship	Louis Waldman was born on January 5, 1891, in Yancherudnia, Ukraine, not far from Kiev, the son of a Jewish innkeeper who was one of the few literate men of the village.	Louis Waldman	Ukraine
country of citizenship	In fact, the poems of Jan van Beers are perhaps more popular in the Netherlands than in Belgium, and of many of them there exist more editions printed in the Netherlands than in his political fatherland.	Jan van Beers	Belgium
country of citizenship	Bekir İrtegün (born 20 April 1984) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays for İstanbul Başakşehir and Turkey national team.	Bekir İrtegün	Turkey
country of citizenship	Born in Chityala, State of Andhra Pradesh, India, Murali Chemuturi studied Electrical Engineering at SMVM Polytechnic, Tanuku, followed by Industrial Engineering from Indian Institution of Industrial Engineering and PG Diploma in Computer Methods and Programming from AP Productivity Council.	Murali Chemuturi	India
country of citizenship	Publius Nigidius Figulus (c. 98 -- 45 BC) was a scholar of the Late Roman Republic and one of the praetors for 58 BC. He was a friend of Cicero, to whom he gave his support at the time of the Catilinarian conspiracy.	Nigidius Figulus	Roman Republic
country of citizenship	Sophia Mirza (1973--25 November 2005) was a person in the United Kingdom who died as a complication of chronic fatigue syndrome (also known as myalgic encephalomyelitis in the UK).	Sophia Mirza	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Serge Mimpo-Tsintsémé, known as Serge Mimpo (born 6 February 1974 in Ndom, Cameroon) is a Cameroonian professional football player.	Serge Mimpo	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Heimir Björgúlfsson is an Icelandic artist born in Reykjavík, Iceland in 1975.	Heimir Björgúlfsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Xicotencatl I or Xicotencatl the Elder (c. 11 House (1425) -- c. 4 Rabbit (1522)) was a long-lived tlatoani (ruler) of Tizatlan, a Nahua altepetl within the pre-Columbian confederacy of Tlaxcala, in what is now Mexico.	Xicotencatl I	Mexico
country of citizenship	Wagner Tiso Veiga (born Três Pontas, 12 December 1945) is a musician, arranger, conductor, pianist and composer from Brazil.	Wagner Tiso	Brazil
country of citizenship	Andy Wong is a young Chinese actor in New Zealand who has a leading role in the drama Ride with the Devil.	Andy Wong	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rabbi Chaim Hirschensohn (1857 -- 1935) was born in Tzfat, (city in the Galilee, Israel), to Rabbi Yaakov Mordechai Hirschensohn, who had emigrated there from Pinsk in 1848.	Chaim Hirschensohn	Israel
country of citizenship	Joseph Eugène Prévost, son of Joseph Prévost and Obéline Couture, was born on 12 November 1898 in Sainte-Claire, a village in Bellechasse, Chaudière-Appalaches, Quebec, Canada, formerly in the historic county of Dorchester, about thirty miles south of Quebec City.	Eugène Prévost	Canada
country of citizenship	Cathay Wagantall (née Caswell) is a Canadian politician who was elected as a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada to represent the federal electoral riding of Yorkton--	Cathay Wagantall	Canada
country of citizenship	Iñaki Urlezaga (La Plata, Argentina) is an Argentine classical dancer of international significance.	Iñaki Urlezaga	Argentina
country of citizenship	Jakub Jantulík (born 3 September 1994 in Čadca) is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Slovakia.	Jakub Jantulík	Slovakia
country of citizenship	In January 2009, Ali Yassin Mohamed travelled to Somalia, where he participated in the founding of the Hizbul Islam organization.	Ali Yassin Mohamed	Somalia
country of citizenship	Humbert V de Beaujeu (1198-mid 1250) was Constable of France (1240) under King Louis IX. He was maternal grandson of Baldwin V, Count of Hainaut and nephew of Isabelle of Hainaut, queen consort of king Philip II of France.	Humbert V de Beaujeu	France
country of citizenship	Yoann Rapinier (born September 29, 1989 in Pontoise, France) is a French triple jumper of Martiniquan descent.	Yoann Rapinier	France
country of citizenship	Freddie Kini (born 27 November 1992) is a footballer comes from Solomon Islands.	Freddie Kini	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Ryan Fenech (born 20 April 1986 in Ħamrun, Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Balzan, where he plays as a winger.	Ryan Fenech	Malta
country of citizenship	Manuel Mijares (pronounced: (manˈwel miˈxaɾes)) (born José Manuel Mijares Morán on 7 February 1958 in Mexico City) is an adult-contemporary pop singer who is billed simply as ``Mijares''.	Manuel Mijares	Mexico
country of citizenship	Alfred Augustus Grace (1867--18 March 1942) was a New Zealand teacher, journalist and writer.	Alfred Augustus Grace	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Cecilia Gallerani (Italian pronunciation: (tʃeˈtʃiːlja ɡalleˈraːni); 1473--1536), born in Siena, Italy, was the favourite and most celebrated of the many mistresses of Ludovico Sforza, known as Lodovico il Moro, Duke of Milan.	Cecilia Gallerani	Italy
country of citizenship	Klaus Tolksdorf is a German law scientist and a former president of the Federal Court of Justice of Germany as well as an Ad-Litem-Judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.	Klaus Tolksdorf	Germany
country of citizenship	Hassan Pakravan (4 August 1911 -- 11 April 1979) was a well known diplomat and minister in the Pahlavi pre-revolutionary government of Iran.	Hassan Pakravan	Iran
country of citizenship	Daniel Xuereb (born June 22, 1959 in Gardanne, Bouches-du-Rhônes) is a former football striker from France, who earned eight international caps (one goal) for the French national team during the 1980s.	Daniel Xuereb	France
country of citizenship	Bartholomew John (born 24 August 1952 in Christchurch, New Zealand) is an actor best known for his roles on television in America and Australia	Bartholomew John	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Enrique Camarena Robles (born 1957, in Mexico City) is a Mexican psychiatrist, doctor and President of the Asociación Ibero-Latinoamericana de Neurociencias y Psiquiatría (AILANCYP).	Enrique Camarena Robles	Mexico
country of citizenship	Franco Piperno (born 1943) is a former communist militant from Italy.	Franco Piperno	Italy
country of citizenship	Norbert Francis Attard, born in Malta in 1951 is an artist working in several disciplines such as painting, printing, sculpture, video and photography.	Norbert Francis Attard	Malta
country of citizenship	Keylin Suzette Gómez (born 1989) is a beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universo Honduras 2011 and represented her country in the 2011 Miss Universe pageant.	Keylin Suzette Gómez	Honduras
country of citizenship	Sibylle Matter (born 2 September 1973) is an athlete from Switzerland and physician.	Sibylle Matter	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Isaac Yamma (or Yama) (1940 -- January 1990) was a country singer from Central Australia.	Isaac Yamma	Australia
country of citizenship	Monica Ramos is a graduate of the Royal College of Music in Stockholm and has performed in the Royal Stockholm Philharmonic Orchestra, the Radio Symphony Orchestra of Sweden and the Swedish Chamber Orchestra.	Monica Ramos	Sweden
country of citizenship	James Craigie (7 September 1851 -- 17 August 1935) was Member of Parliament for the Timaru electorate in the South Island of New Zealand and a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council.	James Craigie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	His older brother, Maurice de Nonancourt, was originally intended to inherit the company from his mother, but he would die in a German concentration camp during World War II. Bernard de Nonancourt and his older brother, Maurice, both joined the French Resistance following the German invasion of France.	Bernard de Nonancourt	France
country of citizenship	Terri Lynn Sauson (born August 5, 1968), known professionally as Terri Clark, is a Canadian country music artist who has had success in both Canada and the United States.	Terri Clark	Canada
country of citizenship	Beşir Atalay (pronounced (beʃiɾ ˈataɫaj); born 1947) is a Turkish politician who was Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey in the government of Recep Tayyip Erdoğan from 2011 to 2014.	Beşir Atalay	Turkey
country of citizenship	Anita Best is a teacher, broadcaster, and well-known singer from the Atlantic province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Anita Best	Canada
country of citizenship	Through his death, Constantin Brâncoveanu became the hero of a series Romanian folk ballads, as well as being depicted on some of Romania's official coinage.	Constantin Brâncoveanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Charles Enderlin is a Franco-Israeli journalist, specialising in the Middle East and Israel.	Charles Enderlin	Israel
country of citizenship	Richard Lásik (born 18 August 1992) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Slovan Bratislava and Slovakia national team.	Richard Lásik	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Joseph Oliver Bowers, SVD (28 March 1910 -- 5 November 2012) was a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church from Dominica, who went to West Africa to serve in the then Gold Coast in 1939.	Joseph Oliver Bowers	Dominica
country of citizenship	Lalit Suri (19 November 1946 -- 10 October 2006) was an Indian hotelier and a member of the Rajya Sabha (the Upper House of India's Parliament).	Lalit Suri	India
country of citizenship	John Wai (born July 30, 1947) is a Hong Kong sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1970s.	John Wai	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Janis McGavin is an Australian actress and comedy performer, best known for her roles in the popular television series Comedy Inc and Balls of Steel Australia.	Janis McGavin	Australia
country of citizenship	Rezső Patkoló, also known in Poland as Rudolf Patkolo (13 October 1922 -- 1 September 1992) was a Hungarian-born footballer who played international football for both Hungary and Poland.	Rezső Patkoló	Poland
country of citizenship	Ryan Arabejo (born October 30, 1989) is an Olympic swimmer from the Philippines.	Ryan Arabejo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Gerhard Hager (born 26 September 1942 in Vienna) is a former non-attached Member of the European Parliament representing Austria.	Gerhard Hager	Austria
country of citizenship	Pandit Janardhan Mitta was born on 12 May 1934, to a Telugu family in Hyderabad, India.	Janardhan Mitta	India
country of citizenship	Michel Vaarten (born 17 January 1957) is a retired track cyclist and road bicycle racer from Belgium.	Michel Vaarten	Belgium
country of citizenship	A. Murray Vaughan, CC (23 January 1899 - 19 July 1986) was a philanthropist of the arts in Canada.	Murray Vaughan	Canada
country of citizenship	John Alexander Buchanan (born: March 4, 1887 Comber, Ontario, died: May 9, 1976) was a politician and civil engineer from Alberta, Canada.	John Alexander Buchanan	Canada
country of citizenship	An article, ``Belgium in the Antarctic'', written by Gaston de Gerlache de Gomery appeared in the Geographical magazine (May 1962 issue).	Gaston de Gerlache	Belgium
country of citizenship	Molla Wagué (born 21 February 1991 in Vernon) is a Malian football player who plays for Udinese and the Mali national team.	Molla Wagué	Mali
country of citizenship	Abla Kamel Mohamed Afifi (Arabic: عبلة كامل محمد عفيفى‎ pronounced (ˈʕæblæ ˈkæːmel mæˈħæmmæd ʕæˈfiːfi); 1957 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian actress, who in 2011 announced that she would resign from acting.	Abla Kamel	Egypt
country of citizenship	Dr. Jan Paulsen (born January 5, 1935 in Narvik, Norway) is a Seventh-day Adventist Church leader.	Jan Paulsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Glen Moffatt is a New Zealand country music singer-songwriter who relocated to Brisbane, Australia, in 2002.	Glen Moffatt	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ernst Breitenstein (born March 23, 1923, Sibiu, died May 20, 1990, Bucharest) was an ethnic German journalist and politician in Romania.	Ernst Breitenstein	Romania
country of citizenship	Jonathan Maicelo Román (born August 10, 1983) is a professional boxer from Callao, Peru, who lives in North Bergen, New Jersey.	Jonathan Maicelo	Peru
country of citizenship	Tabinshwehti (Burmese: တပင်‌ရွှေထီး, (dəbɪ̀ɴ ʃwè tʰí); 16 April 1516 -- 30 April 1550) was king of Toungoo Dynasty of Burma (Myanmar) from 1530 to 1550, and the founder of Toungoo Empire.	Tabinshwehti	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Peter Saili (born 4 January 1988) is a New Zealand rugby player, who plays at the Blindside Flanker/ No 8 position for the Blues in Super Rugby.	Peter Saili	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Aththintha Marakalage Buddhadasa known as A.M. Buddadhasa was the Chief Minister of Uva Province in Sri Lanka from 1995 to 1999.	Aththintha Marakalage Buddhadasa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Robert Haldane Makgill (24 May 1870 -- 3 October 1946) was a New Zealand surgeon, pathologist, military leader and public health administrator.	Robert Haldane Makgill	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jozef Škrlík (born 2 October 1962 in Humenné) is a former football player from Slovakia and currently assistant manager of Kazakhstan U21.	Jozef Škrlík	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Ali Shareef (born July 1, 1979) is a track and field sprint athlete who competes internationally for the Maldives.	Ali Shareef	Maldives
country of citizenship	John Peter McArthur (born: - died:) was a politician from Alberta, Canada.	John Peter McArthur	Canada
country of citizenship	Joseph Mbilinyi (born 1 May 1972), known for his stage names Mr. II and Sugu and 2-proud, is one of the founders of the hip hop music scene in Tanzania.	Mr. II	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Marijana Radovanović (Serbian: Маријана Радовановић; born 8 November 1972 in Belgrade, Serbia), known by her stage name Maja Marijana (Маја Маријана), is a popular pop-folk singer and TV presenter who has considerable success in former Yugoslav countries.	Maja Marijana	Serbia
country of citizenship	Paolo Farinella was born on 13 January 1953 in Migliarino, close to Ferrara in Italy.	Paolo Farinella	Italy
country of citizenship	Met Bozi is a former member of parliament representing the Socialist Party of Albania and notable for being responsible for the Massacre of Cërrik.	Met Bozi	Albania
country of citizenship	Pieter Lehrer, (born January 29, 1965) is a sprint canoer from Antigua and Barbuda who competed in the mid-1990s.	Pieter Lehrer	Antigua and Barbuda
country of citizenship	Nils Henrik Asheim (born 20 January 1960 in Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian composer and organist, living in Stavanger.	Nils Henrik Asheim	Norway
country of citizenship	Antoni Stawikowski (born. 1933, Poland), first leader of the Polish illegal Solidarity union in Toruń.	Antoni Stawikowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Pinky Agnew, born in 1955 in Port Chalmers, is an actor, author, social commentator, and wedding celebrant based in Wellington in New Zealand .	Pinky Agnew	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hössi Ólafsson (born Höskuldur Ólafsson in 1977 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is a singer, rapper, producer, writer, and actor.	Hössi Ólafsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Monika Kruse (born 23 July 1971 in Berlin) is one of Germany´s most successful Techno- DJ, Music producer and Record Label owners.	Monika Kruse	Germany
country of citizenship	Anwar Pasha was born in the village Dabkai in Murshidabad (currently in West Bengal, India).	Anwar Pasha	India
country of citizenship	Heni Te Kiri Karamu (1840--1933), known sometimes as Heni Pore was a notable New Zealand tribal leader, teacher, warrior and interpreter.	Heni Te Kiri Karamu	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Stavri Stavro (1885-1955) was an Albanian diplomat who served as Albania's ambassador to Yugoslavia and Greece in the 1920s.	Stavri Stavro	Albania
country of citizenship	Ramón Martín Huerta, his deputy and seven others crashed in cloud-shrouded mountains outside Mexico City on Wednesday September 21, 2005 killing everyone on board.	Ramón Martín Huerta	Mexico
country of citizenship	Chi Wanchun (Chinese: 迟万春; born April 1946) is a general in the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of the People's Republic of China, and the current political commissar of the PLA General Armaments Department.	Chi Wanchun	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Pandit Ami Chandra Vidyalankar (1900--1954) came to Fiji, from India in 1927 at the behest of the Arya Samaj, which wanted to improve the education standard of Fiji Indian students and promote Arya Samaj in Fiji.	Ami Chandra	India
country of citizenship	George Roter (born October 20, 1976 in Montreal) is the co-founder and CEO of Engineers Without Borders (Canada).	George Roter	Canada
country of citizenship	Giorgio Pacifici studied under professor Carlo Giglio in Italy and Pierre Marthelot in France, and was professor at the IEP-Institut d'Études Politiques in Paris.	Giorgio Pacifici	Italy
country of citizenship	Mohammed Waheed Hassan Manik (Maldivian: ޑރ. މުޙައްމަދު ވަޙީދު ޙަސަން މަނިކު; born 3 January 1953) was the 5th President of the Maldives from 7 February 2012 to 17 November 2013, after the disputed resignation of the 4th President of Maldives Mohamed Nasheed.	Mohammed Waheed Hassan	Maldives
country of citizenship	Wilma Reading is a singer from Cairns, Queensland, Australia.	Wilma Reading	Australia
country of citizenship	Mohammad Omar Daudzai (Pashto: محمد عمر داودزی‎ - born October 12, 1957) is a Politician in Afghanistan, most recently having served as the Minister of Interior during the challenging 2014 electoral year.	Mohammad Omar Daudzai	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Eduardo Waghorn Halaby (born 14 June 1966 in Santiago, Chile) is a Chilean musician, composer and singer-songwriter, although he has also dabbled in poetry, drawing and advertising.	Eduardo Waghorn	Chile
country of citizenship	Vittorio Corbo Lioi (born 22 March 1943) is a former Governor of the Central Bank of Chile, who held the post since May 2003 until December 2007.	Vittorio Corbo	Chile
country of citizenship	Alenka Sottler was born in Ljubljana, the capital city of Slovenia.	Alenka Sottler	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Novita Dewi Marpaung (born 15 November 1978) is an Indonesian singer, who gained wide prominence after being the runner-up of the first season of X Factor Indonesia.	Novita Dewi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Esther Termens Cañabate (born November 2, 1984 in Terrassa, Catalonia) is a field hockey midfield player from Spain.	Esther Termens	Spain
country of citizenship	Hugh McLeod (1843 -- August 5, 1879) was a Scottish-born lawyer and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Hugh McLeod	Canada
country of citizenship	Kamil Ali Agha (Urdu: کامل علی آغا) is a Pakistani Politician and Member of Senate of Pakistan, currently serving as Chairperson- Senate Committee on Information, Broadcasting and National Heritage.	Kamil Ali Agha	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ludwig Bemelmans (April 27, 1898 -- October 1, 1962) was an Austria-Hungary-born American writer and illustrator of children's books and an internationally known gourmet.	Ludwig Bemelmans	Austria
country of citizenship	Su Shun Lai (Burmese: ဆုရွှန်းလဲ, born 28 July 1981) is a Myanmar film actress.	Su Shun Lai	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Eric Joris (born 1955 in Antwerp, Belgium) is a Belgian multidisciplinary artist and stage director.	Eric Joris	Belgium
country of citizenship	Ben Granfelt (born June 16, 1963) is a guitarist from Helsinki, Finland and best known from his work in Leningrad Cowboys, Wishbone Ash, Gringos Locos, Guitar Slingers and his solo band Ben Granfelt Band.	Ben Granfelt	Finland
country of citizenship	Colonel Saye Zerbo (27 August 1932 -- 19 September 2013) was a President of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 25 November 1980 to 7 November 1982.	Saye Zerbo	Burkina Faso
country of citizenship	Ștefan Plavăț (April 24, 1913 - June 18, 1944) was a Romanian communist activist, leader of a resistance group active in South-Western Romania during World War II. Plavăț was born in Eșelnița, in South-Eastern Banat, to a family of poor peasants.	Ștefan Plavăț	Romania
country of citizenship	Petteri Pennanen (born 19 September 1990 in Kuopio, Finland) is a Finnish football player currently playing for Veikkausliiga side KuPS.	Petteri Pennanen	Finland
country of citizenship	Major General Graham Beresford Parkinson CBE, DSO & Bar (5 November 1896 -- 10 July 1979) was a professional soldier in the New Zealand Military Forces who served during the First and Second World Wars.	Graham Beresford Parkinson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kegorapetse David Letsebe commonly known as Thabo Letsebe (born 14 October 1980) is a South African basketball player with the Soweto Panthers of South Africa's Premier Basketball League.	Kegorapetse David Letsebe	South Africa
country of citizenship	Rudolf Doehn went back to Germany in 1865.	Rudolf Doehn	Germany
country of citizenship	Raymond Blanc OBE (born 19 November 1949) is a French chef born near Besançon, the capital of the Franche-Comté region in eastern France, between Burgundy and the Jura mountains.	Raymond Blanc	France
country of citizenship	Amir Mir's eldest brother Hamid Mir is also a Pakistani columnist and television anchor affiliated with Geo TV network while his younger brother Imran Mir works for Pakistan Television Corporation (PTV).	Amir Mir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Raúl Kaplún was born in Balvanera, Buenos Aires to an itinerant Jewish hat salesman Leiser Finkel who had immigrated to Argentina from Bessarabia, with his wife Clara Finkel.	Raúl Kaplún	Argentina
country of citizenship	Maitreyi (``friendly one'') was a Hindu philosopher who lived during the later Vedic period (about 1100--500 BCE) in ancient India.	Maitreyi	India
country of citizenship	Sergio Benvenuto (Naples, Italy, 1948) is an Italian psychoanalyst, philosopher and author.	Sergio Benvenuto	Italy
country of citizenship	Aminath Rouya Hussain (born September 1, 1990) is a competitive swimmer from the Maldives.	Aminath Rouya Hussain	Maldives
country of citizenship	Luciano Chessa (born 1971, Sassari, Italy) is a composer, performer, and musicologist.	Luciano Chessa	Italy
country of citizenship	Charles Kidson (7 November 1867--2 October 1908) was a New Zealand art teacher, artist, craftsman and sculptor.	Charles Kidson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pisanu Harnkhomtun (Thai: พิษณุ หารคำตัน, born 3 May 1986) is a member of the Thailand men's national volleyball team.	Pisanu Harnkhomtun	Thailand
country of citizenship	Hermann Fehringer (born 8 December 1962 in Amstetten) is a former pole vaulter from Austria.	Hermann Fehringer	Austria
country of citizenship	Ingrid Gjoni (born 24 December 1981 in Tirana, Albania) is an Albanian singer and fashion model.	Ingrid Gjoni	Albania
country of citizenship	Heikki Nousiainen (born 19 June 1945 in Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish film actor.	Heikki Nousiainen	Finland
country of citizenship	Jacob Duffy (born 2 August 1994 in Lumsden) is a New Zealand cricketer who made his first class debut for the Otago Volts in the HRV Cup against Northern Districts on 19 January 2011.	Jacob Duffy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gruffydd ap Rhys II (died 25 July 1201) was a prince of Deheubarth in south-west Wales.	Gruffydd ap Rhys II	Wales
country of citizenship	Antonio Serapio (13 June 1937 -- 19 February 2007) was a lawmaker from the district of Valenzuela, Philippines.	Antonio Serapio	Philippines
country of citizenship	Caroline Chiu Sin Wing (also Chiu Sin Wing, Chinese: 趙善穎; pinyin: Zhào Shànyǐng; Jyutping: ziu6 sin6 wing6; born April 29, 1984) is a Hong Kong former swimmer, who specialized in breaststroke events.	Caroline Chiu	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	P. Eline Slagboom (b. January 18, 1960, Dordrecht, The Netherlands) is a Dutch biologist specializing in the human familial longevity and ageing.	Eline Slagboom	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Joseph Kessel lived the first years of his childhood in Orenburg, Russia, before the family moved to France in 1908.	Joseph Kessel	France
country of citizenship	Paul Collins Appiah Ofori is a Ghanaian politician and the immediate past Member of Parliament for the Asikuma-Odoben-Brakwa constituency in the Central Region of Ghana.	Paul Collins Appiah Ofori	Ghana
country of citizenship	Abdinasir Said Ibrahim (Somali: Cabdinaasir Saiid Ibraahiim, Arabic: عبد الناصر وقال ابراهيم‎) (born July 1, 1989) is a track and field athlete from Somalia.	Abdinasir Said Ibrahim	Somalia
country of citizenship	Elizabeth of Hungary (1292 -- 31 October 1336 or 6 May 1338; also known as Blessed Elizabeth of Töss, O.P.), was a Hungarian princess and the last member of the House of Árpád.	Elizabeth of Töss	Hungary
country of citizenship	Grzegorz Karnas born in 1972, Wodzisław Śląski, Upper Silesia, Poland, is a Polish jazz vocalist.	Grzegorz Karnas	Poland
country of citizenship	František Leikert (born 6 May 1914) is a former diver who competed for Czechoslovakia.	František Leikert	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Alexandre Nero Vieira (born February 13, 1970, in Curitiba, Brazil) is a Brazilian singer, songwriter, musician, arranger, sound designer, musical director and actor.	Alexandre Nero	Brazil
country of citizenship	Aboukar Hassan Adani (born 30 June 1968) is a long-distance runner who competed internationally for Somalia.	Aboukar Hassan Adani	Somalia
country of citizenship	Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza (born November 13, 1935) is a Mexican politician who served as Governor of the State of Mexico.	Ignacio Pichardo Pagaza	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lassana Traoré (born 1945) is a Malian political figure and diplomat who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs of Mali from 2002 to 2004.	Lassana Traoré	Mali
country of citizenship	Suad Nokić born in Novi Pazar, began his career in his native Serbia playing for young team of FK Novi Pazar.	Suad Nokić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Pedro Ferriz de Con (Mexico City, Mexico, December 12, 1950), is a Mexican radio and TV news anchor.	Pedro Ferriz de Con	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pandeli Varfi (born 21 September 1949) is member of the Central Election Commission of Albania for the Socialist Party of Albania.	Pandeli Varfi	Albania
country of citizenship	Johann Friedrich Ludwig (1673--1752), known in Portugal as João Frederico Ludovice, was a German born architect and goldsmith.	João Frederico Ludovice	Portugal
country of citizenship	Jean-Marie Buisset (21 August 1938, in Anderlecht -- 7 February 2010) was a Belgium field hockey player and bobsledder.	Jean-Marie Buisset	Belgium
country of citizenship	Eric Tai (born August 23, 1984) is a Tongan actor from New Zealand, model, TV host, comedian and rugby union player who played for the Alabang Eagles and represented the Philippines national rugby union team in 15s and 7s.	Eric Tai	Philippines
country of citizenship	Yeol Eum Son (born May 2, 1986, in Wonju, South Korea) is a South Korean classical pianist.	Yeol Eum Son	South Korea
country of citizenship	Murugayan Kumaresan (born 13 January 1967 in Batu Pahat, Johor) is a retired track cyclist from Malaysia, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988 (Seoul, South Korea).	Murugayan Kumaresan	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Saira Blair (born July 11, 1996) is an American student and politician from Martinsburg, West Virginia, notable as the youngest holder of elected office in the United States of America as of 2015.	Saira Blair	United States of America
country of citizenship	Dương Văn Minh ( listen) (16 February 1916 -- 6 August 2001), popularly known as Big Minh, was a Vietnamese senior general in the Army of the Republic of Vietnam (ARVN) and a politician during the presidency of Ngô Đình Diệm.	Dương Văn Minh	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Garth Maxwell (born 1963) is a New Zealand film Director.	Garth Maxwell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Moshe Leib Rabinovich (born December 25, 1940 in Munkacs, Hungary) is the current rebbe of Munkacs.	Moshe Leib Rabinovich	Hungary
country of citizenship	Mohammad Aliabadi (born 2 December 1956 in Arak) is former Vice President and Head of Physical Education Organization of Iran.	Mohammad Aliabadi	Iran
country of citizenship	Carolina Dementiev Justavino (born 1 February 1989) is a Panamanian model, TV host, ironman and beauty pageant contestant winner of the Miss Panama pageant.	Carolina Dementiev	Panama
country of citizenship	Biography at the Tate Gallery Robert Colquhoun on the Gazeteer for Scotland	Robert Colquhoun	Scotland
country of citizenship	Irene Avaalaaqiaq Tiktaalaaq (b 1941) is an Inuit artist who was born at Princess Mary Lake near Baker Lake, Nunavut, Canada.	Irene Avaalaaqiaq Tiktaalaaq	Canada
country of citizenship	Alyssa Reid was born in Edmonton, Alberta on March 15, 1993 and raised in Brampton, Ontario, although her family moved around Canada often - Reid has stated she is glad this happened as it gave her the life experience she needed to make it in the music industry.	Alyssa Reid	Canada
country of citizenship	Nina Petković (Cyrillic: Нина Петковић; born April 10, 1981, in Kotor, SR Montenegro, Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin singer, musician and television personality.	Nina Petković	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos (born Rafael Frühbeck; 15 September 1933, Burgos, Spain -- 11 June 2014, Pamplona, Spain) was a Spanish conductor and composer.	Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos	Spain
country of citizenship	Kjell-Ronnie Pettersson (born 25 March 1943, in Ljungby, Sweden) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player.	Kjell-Ronnie Pettersson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Eileen Louise Soper (14 December 1900 -- 24 October 1989) was a New Zealand journalist, writer and Girl Guide Commissioner.	Eileen Louise Soper	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lewis Aniweta Iteanychukwu (born on July 10, 1984 in Onitsha, Anambra State, Nigeria) is a Nigerian born-Rwandan footballer, currently playing as Defensive midfielder for APEP in Cypriot Second Division.	Lewis Aniweta	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Darus Suharto (born 1968) is a poker player born in Indonesia and currently residing in Toronto, Canada, where he works as a Certified General Accountant at York University, and is a member of the Certified General Accountants of Ontario.	Darus Suharto	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez was the son of Pablo Sandoval Cruz, a distinguished politician in the State of Guerrero (Mexico).	Cuauhtémoc Sandoval Ramírez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Harley Desjarlais is a regional Métis leader in Canada.	Harley Desjarlais	Canada
country of citizenship	Georgina ``Georgi'' Kingsley (born 15 March 1993 in Ascot, Berkshire), most commonly known by her stage name Georgi Kay, is an Australian indie pop musician, based in Australia.	Georgi Kay	Australia
country of citizenship	Anthony Walsh is a former racing cyclist from New Zealand.	Anthony Walsh	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Olga Segura was born in Mexico City and grew up in different places:	Olga Segura	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ikililou Dhoinine (born 14 August 1962) is a Comorian politician who has been President of Comoros since 2011; he was a Vice-President of Comoros from 2006 to 2011.	Ikililou Dhoinine	Comoros
country of citizenship	Mahmoud Mehrmohammadi (Persian: محمود مهرمحمدی‎‎) is Acting president at Farhangian University in Iran.	Mahmoud Mehrmohammadi	Iran
country of citizenship	James Mackay Drummond (17 October 1869--6 September 1940) was a New Zealand journalist, naturalist and writer.	James Mackay Drummond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guy Pellerin (born August 14, 1971 in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada) is a Canadian referee in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, since the 1994-95 QMJHL season.	Guy Pellerin	Canada
country of citizenship	Marin Mersenne (pronounced Mehr-SENN) was born of peasant parents near Oizé, Maine (present day Sarthe, France).	Marin Mersenne	France
country of citizenship	Jacques Swaters (30 October 1926 -- 10 December 2010) was a racing driver from Belgium and former team owner of Ecurie Francorchamps and Ecurie Nationale Belge.	Jacques Swaters	Belgium
country of citizenship	Joseph Roettiers (1635--1703) was a Flemish medallist active in England and France, and a member of the celebrated Roettier family of goldsmiths, silversmiths, and engravers.	Joseph Roettiers	France
country of citizenship	Maximilian Lenz (born 4 March 1965), known by his stage name WestBam, is a German techno DJ and musician from Germany.	WestBam	Germany
country of citizenship	Claire Renard studied piano and lawyer in Paris, France and graduated from the Conservatoire national supérieur de musique et de danse de Paris in 1973.	Claire Renard	France
country of citizenship	Phommathat was the fourth king of Lan Xang (Laos) (ruled 1428--1429).	Phommathat	Laos
country of citizenship	Pedro Geoffroy Rivas (September 16, 1908 in Santa Ana, El Salvador -- November 10, 1979 in San Salvador, El Salvador) was an anthropologist, poet, and linguist.	Pedro Geoffroy Rivas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Corney Swanepoel (born 17 March 1986 in Potchefstroom, South Africa) is a butterfly swimmer from New Zealand.	Corney Swanepoel	New Zealand
country of citizenship	World's End Girlfriend is a solo project by Katsuhiko Maeda, who hails from Nagasaki, Kyushu in Japan, and currently resides in Tokyo.	World's End Girlfriend	Japan
country of citizenship	Rajani Pandit is an Indian private investigator who is regarded as the first woman private investigator in the state of Maharashtra, and sometimes the first in India.	Rajani Pandit	India
country of citizenship	Abdul Ghafoor Khan Durrani was chief of Popalzai Durrani tribe in Balochistan and played a significant role in the Pakistan movement at the side of Mohammad Ali Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan.	Abdul Ghafoor Khan Durrani	Pakistan
country of citizenship	José Mentor Guilherme de Mello (Brejo, Maranhão, September 18, 1880 - São Luís, Maranhão, September 15, 1928) was a colonel of the Brazil´s National Guard, an entrepreneur in the waterway transport business and an exporter.	José Mentor Guilherme de Mello	Brazil
country of citizenship	Maduranga Zoysa (born 27 September 1984, in Moratuwa, Sri Lanka) is a domestic Sri Lankan right-hand batsman and leg-break bowler.	Maduranga Zoysa	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Luís Teixeira Lobo was later rector of the University of Siena (1476), Professor of Law at Ferrara (1502) and teacher to the King John III of Portugal.	Luís Teixeira	Portugal
country of citizenship	Luka Nižetić was born in Split Croatia, as the second child of Tamara and Milo Nižetić.	Luka Nižetić	Croatia
country of citizenship	François Desjardins (born 1970) is President and CEO of Laurentian Bank of Canada.	François Desjardins	Canada
country of citizenship	Sepp Kerschbaumer (9 November 1913 -- 7 December 1964) was a leading member of the South Tyrolean Liberation Committee (Befreiungsausschuss Südtirol (BAS)), which campaigned for the break-away of South Tyrol from Italy.	Sepp Kerschbaumer	Italy
country of citizenship	Jérôme Chiotti (born 18 January 1972 in Millau, France) was a professional racing cyclist in both road and mountain bike disciplines.	Jérôme Chiotti	France
country of citizenship	Chard Hayward (born 1949) is a Welsh-born television actor, director and producer who worked in Australia where he was best known for his long-running role of Dudley Butterfield in the 1970s television soap opera Number 96.	Chard Hayward	Australia
country of citizenship	Geneviève Suzanne Marie-Thérèse Mulmann (born August 30, 1932), also known as Geneviève de Fontenay, is a former chairman of the boards of Miss France and Miss Europe.	Geneviève de Fontenay	France
country of citizenship	Eglė Balčiūnaitė (born October 31, 1988 in Šiauliai) is a track and field middle distance runner who competes internationally for Lithuania.	Eglė Balčiūnaitė	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Chalermkiat Boonnet (Thai: เฉลิมเกียรติ บุญเนตร, born August 12, 1989) simply known as Tum or Top (Thai: ต๊อบ), is a professional footballer fromUbon Ratchathani Province, Thailand.	Chalermkiat Boonnet	Thailand
country of citizenship	Jack Lennox enlisted in the Australian Army in 1941 to fight in World War II. He was a gunner in the 2/15th Field Regiment (Australia).	Jack Lennox	Australia
country of citizenship	Armin Hahne (born September 10, 1955 in Moers, West Germany) is a German racing driver, best known for his exploits in touring car racing.	Armin Hahne	Germany
country of citizenship	Pramod Bhasin stepped down as President and CEO of Genpact, India's largest business process outsourcing (BPO) company, becoming non-executive Vice Chairman in 2011.	Pramod Bhasin	India
country of citizenship	Eduardo JV Arancillo Kapunan III (born July 23, 1990, in Iloilo, Philippines), known as Young JV, is a Filipino actor, singer-songwriter, recording artist, basketball star and an advocate.	Young JV	Philippines
country of citizenship	Geufer Rafael Hallmann known as Geufer born on 6 December 1980 in Estância Velha, Brazil is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese team Camacha as a striker in the Portuguese Second Division Serie A. His previous clubs include Juventude, São Bento, União Leiria, União Madeira, Fortaleza, Nacional and Villa Nova.	Geufer	Brazil
country of citizenship	Luíz Antônio dos Santos (born April 6, 1964 in Volta Redonda, Rio de Janeiro) is a retired long-distance runner from Brazil, who won the 1995 edition of the Fukuoka Marathon, clocking 2:09:30 on December 3, 1995.	Luíz Antônio dos Santos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Pétur Sigurgeirsson (June 2, 1919 -- June 3, 2010) was the Bishop of Iceland from 1981 until 1989.	Pétur Sigurgeirsson	Iceland
country of citizenship	Yuriy Bakalov (Ukrainian: Юрій Михайлович Бакалов; born 16 January 1966 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a former Soviet and Ukrainian professional football midfielder and current Ukrainian coach.	Yuriy Bakalov	Soviet Union	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Francisco Dueñas Díaz (3 December 1810 -- 4 March 1884) was a Salvadorean politician who served as President of El Salvador from: 13 May 1851 -- 30 January 1852 1 February 1852 -- 1 February 1854 1--12 February 1856 26 October 1863 -- 15 April 1871 He was a member of the Conservative Party.	Francisco Dueñas	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Luis Santeiro is a Cuban American television screenwriter and playwright born in Havana, Cuba, in 1948.	Luis Santeiro	Cuba
country of citizenship	Andrés Molina Enríquez (November 30, 1868, Jilotepec de Abasolo, State of Mexico -- 1940) was a Mexican revolutionary intellectual, author of The Great National Problems (1909) which drew on his experiences as a notary and Justice of the Peace in Mexico State.	Andrés Molina Enríquez	Mexico
country of citizenship	D'Arcy Corrigan was born in County Cork, Ireland, playing over 50 film roles from 1925 to 1945.	D'Arcy Corrigan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Isgaard Marke (born 1972 in Husum, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany) is a classically trained singer, who is also involved with the project Classic meets Pop. Her style resembles influences of the Kate Bush school as well as cold wave influences and modern ambient sounds.	Isgaard	Germany
country of citizenship	Stanislau Zhurauliou (Belarusian: Станіслаў Жураўлёў; born April 14, 1988 in Homel) is a modern pentathlete from Belarus.	Stanislau Zhurauliou	Belarus
country of citizenship	Y. Nagappa is the former Social Welfare Minister in Karnataka state, India.	Y. Nagappa	India
country of citizenship	Michel Altieri (born in Milan, Italy, June 16, 1978) is a French-Italian actor, singer, and musician.	Michel Altieri	Italy
country of citizenship	Vincent Lange (born June 15, 1974 in Berlin) actor, producer, sports manager and coach, ex volleyball player from Germany, who competed for the Men's National Team in the 2000s.	Vincent Lange	Germany
country of citizenship	Colin King-Ansell (born 1947) is a prominent figure in far-right politics in New Zealand.	Colin King-Ansell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Claudia Österheld (born December 8, 1968 in Kassel) is a West Germany sprint canoer who competed in the late 1980s.	Claudia Österheld	West Germany
country of citizenship	Rob Leone is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.	Rob Leone	Canada
country of citizenship	When the Red Army took over the town from the Americans in accordance with the division of Germany into occupation zones after the Yalta Conference in June 1945, Max Poepel was arrested by the Soviet occupation forces, despite his record and the support of some anti-fascists.	Max Poepel	Germany
country of citizenship	João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa (Lisbon, January 27, 1811 -- Lisbon, January 7, 1895) was an army general who became the Prime Minister of Portugal between October 14, 1890 and January 17, 1892 in a non-partisan government organized by the Liga Liberal (Liberal League).	João Crisóstomo de Abreu e Sousa	Portugal
country of citizenship	Khalid Ahmed Khan Kharal remained an influential member of the Pakistan Peoples Party from 1977 to 2012 and remained a Federal Minister twice in the government of Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in 1988-1990 and 1993-1996.	Khalid Ahmed Khan Kharal	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Thabiso Mchunu (born 4 March 1988 in Ximba, South Africa), is a South African professional boxer in the Cruiserweight division.	Thabiso Mchunu	South Africa
country of citizenship	Connan Tant Hosford, better known by the stage name Connan Mockasin, is a psychedelic pop musician from Te Awanga, New Zealand.	Connan Mockasin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ana Lúcia Souza (born 10 June 1982, in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian journalist, producer, filmmaker and retired ballet dancer.	Ana Lúcia Souza	Brazil
country of citizenship	Alois Grimm (* 24 October 1886 in Külsheim, Germany, † hanged 11 September 1944 in Brandenburg-Görden) was a Jesuit priest, Patristic scholar, educator, and victim of Nazi religious hostility.	Alois Grimm	Germany
country of citizenship	Indrek Allmann (born December 8, 1972 in Viljandi, Estonia) is an Estonia architect.	Indrek Allmann	Estonia
country of citizenship	Wiremu Hukunui Manaia (died 1892) was a New Zealand tribal leader.	Wiremu Hukunui Manaia	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jenő Fock (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈjɛnøː ˈfokː); 17 May 1916 -- 22 May 2001) was a Hungarian Communist politician who served as Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the People's Republic of Hungary from 1967 to 1975.	Jenő Fock	Hungary
country of citizenship	Kabindra Purkayastha (born 15 December 1931) is a former union minister of state of India.	Kabindra Purkayastha	India
country of citizenship	Daniel Spoerri (born 27 March 1930 in Galați) is a Swiss artist and writer born in Romania.	Daniel Spoerri	Romania
country of citizenship	Caio Terra (born 1986 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian Jiu Jitsu (BJJ) competitor and world champion.	Caio Terra	Brazil
country of citizenship	Siriporn Ampaipong (Alternative spelling: Siriporn Umpaipong; Thai ศิริพร อำไพพงษ์; rtgs: Siriphon Amphaiphong, birth name Sirima Amken; Thai ศิริมา อำเคน; rtgs: Sirima Amkhen ; born December 7, 1964) is a mor lam and luk thung singer from the Isan region of Thailand.	Siriporn Ampaipong	Thailand
country of citizenship	The Master of the Marble Madonnas was the name given to an unidentified sculptor, or perhaps group of sculptors, active in the Tuscan region of Italy between c. 1470 and c.1500.	Master of the Marble Madonnas	Italy
country of citizenship	James Copland (3 February 1834--9 November 1902) was a New Zealand presbyterian minister, doctor and writer.	James Copland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Together with Zsófia Tóth, until 2008 also a member of ORTRI, and Zsófia Kovács Szandra Szalay may be considered one of Hungary's most promising hopes for the Olympic Games in London 2012.	Szandra Szalay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Paul Söding (born 20 February 1933, Dresden, Germany) is a German physicist.	Paul Söding	Germany
country of citizenship	Deddy Mizwar (born March 5, 1955) is an Indonesian actor film director in Indonesia, born of an Indo father and Betawi mother.	Deddy Mizwar	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Astrid Chan (born 8 July 1969 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong actress and host.	Astrid Chan	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Giovanni Anselmo (born in 1934 in Borgofranco d'Ivrea, Province of Turin, Italy) is an artist who emerged in Italy after World War II within the art movement called Arte Povera.	Giovanni Anselmo	Italy
country of citizenship	Iris Klein, of Germany, is the second delegate from her country to win the Miss International title in 1989.	Iris Klein	Germany
country of citizenship	Beverly Shaffer is a filmmaker in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Beverly Shaffer	Canada
country of citizenship	Candide Thovex was born 22 May 1982 in Annecy, in the Haute-Savoie area of France, and grew up in the village of La Clusaz.	Candide Thovex	France
country of citizenship	Elaine Murtagh (born Elaine Patricia Murtagh, 1940, County Cork, Ireland) is an Irish singer, songwriter and a member of The Avons, a pop vocal group popular in the 1950s and early 1960s.	Elaine Murtagh	Ireland
country of citizenship	Ornella Vanoni (Italian pronunciation: (orˈnɛlːa vaˈnoːni)), OMRI (born 22 September 1934) is one of the most credited pop singers of Italy.	Ornella Vanoni	Italy
country of citizenship	Charles Ugwuh became president of Manufacturers' Association of Nigeria (MAN).	Charles Ugwuh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Lê Cung Hoàng was the last emperor of the early Lê dynasty of Vietnam.	Lê Cung Hoàng	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Klaus Hommels is a venture capitalist based in Zurich, Switzerland.	Klaus Hommels	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jaroslav Šabata (November 2, 1927 -- June 14, 2012) was a Czech political scientist, psychologist, and dissident during Czechoslovakia's Communist era.	Jaroslav Šabata	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Bernard Zylstra (1934--1986) was the principal and the professor of political theory at the Institute for Christian Studies, Toronto, Canada.	Bernard Zylstra	Canada
country of citizenship	Guillermo Ceniceros (born May 7, 1939) is a Mexican painter and muralist, best known for his mural work in Mexico City and in the north of the country.	Guillermo Ceniceros	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rolando Bohol is the former world boxing champion from the Philippines.	Rolando Bohol	Philippines
country of citizenship	Susanne Linke was born in Lüneburg, Germany, to Heinz Linke (a pastor) and Rosi Linke-Schäfer (born Peschko).	Susanne Linke	Germany
country of citizenship	Filandia Elisa Pizzul (alternate spelling, Finlandia; also Filandia Pizzul de Mazzocco; born 22 May 1902) was the first woman to graduate from a school of architecture in Argentina.	Filandia Elisa Pizzul	Argentina
country of citizenship	Amanullah Khan (Pashto: أمان الله خان, Dari: أمان الله خان, Urdu: أمانالله خان, June 1, 1892 -- April 25, 1960) was the Sovereign of the Kingdom of Afghanistan from 1919 to 1929, first as Emir and after 1926 as Malik (King).	Amanullah Khan	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Apolinario Mabini y Maranan (July 23, 1864 -- May 13, 1903) was a Filipino revolutionary leader, educator, lawyer, and statesman who served first as a legal and constitutional adviser to the Revolutionary Government, and then as the first Prime Minister of the Philippines upon the establishment of the First Philippine Republic.	Apolinario Mabini	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ossian Brown's first book Haunted Air was published in 2010 by Jonathan Cape in the United Kingdom, with an introduction by David Lynch and an afterword by Geoff Cox.	Ossian Brown	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Irene Dwomoh is a beauty queen who was named Miss Ghana 2006 and represented Ghana in Miss World 2007 in China, where she won the talent competition and got a fast track to the semi-finals.	Irene Dwomoh	Ghana
country of citizenship	Floc'h has also designed book covers as well as various movie posters, such as for Diabolo menthe and Smoking / No Smoking, and created illustrations for various newspapers and magazines in France, including Lire, Senso, Monsieur, L'Express, Le Nouvel Observateur, Libération, Le Monde, Le Figaro, and Elle.	Floc'h	France
country of citizenship	Marc Jorgenson is an award-winning Canadian multimedia artist, electronics inventor, writer, musician and recording engineer based in Vancouver, Canada.	Marc Jorgenson	Canada
country of citizenship	Sergio Trujillo Magnenat (born in Manzanares, Colombia on February 21, 1911 -- died in Bogotá, Colombia on December 8, 1999) was a Colombian painter, illustrator and sculptor of Colombian father and Swiss mother.	Sergio Trujillo Magnenat	Colombia
country of citizenship	Manus Lunny (born 1962) is an Irish producer and multi-instrumentalist from County Donegal, Ireland.	Manus Lunny	Ireland
country of citizenship	Miloš Karadaglić (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Милош Карадаглић, born 1983), sometimes known just by his mononym Miloš, is an award-winning classical guitarist and Deutsche Grammophon/Mercury Classics recording artist from Montenegro.	Miloš Karadaglić	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Hiromi Uehara (上原 ひろみ, born 26 March 1979), known professionally as Hiromi, is a jazz composer and pianist born in Hamamatsu, Japan.	Hiromi Uehara	Japan
country of citizenship	Hiroshi Kyono (born Yuji Seino March 31, 1969 in Yokohama, Japan) is the vocalist for The Mad Capsule Markets.	Hiroshi Kyono	Japan
country of citizenship	Murray John Finlay Luxton, known as John Luxton, QSO (born 14 September 1946) is a former New Zealand National Party politician, and a son of Jack Luxton who had previously represented the same Matamata electorate.	John Luxton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола I Петровић-Његош; 7 October (O.S. 25 September) 1841 -- 1 March 1921) was the ruler of Montenegro from 1860 to 1918, reigning as sovereign prince from 1860 to 1910 and as king from 1910 to 1918.	Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš	Montenegro
country of citizenship	Louis Mékarski (in Polish Ludwik Mękarski) (1843, Clermont-Ferrand, France -- 1923) was a French engineer and inventor of Polish origin.	Louis Mékarski	France
country of citizenship	Ferdi Tayfur (Born: Ferdi Tayfur Turanbayburt, born November 15, 1945) is one of Turkey's most successful and famous Turkish arabesque singer, actor and composer.	Ferdi Tayfur	Turkey
country of citizenship	Margarita Balliana (fl. 1680) was a Renaissance woman of letters from Casale Monferrato in north-west Italy.	Margarita Balliana	Italy
country of citizenship	After Germany invaded Belgium in 1914, Jules Destrée went into exile in France at the request of the Belgian government, pleading for the Belgian cause in London, Paris and Rome.	Jules Destrée	Belgium
country of citizenship	Philippe Vallois (born 27 August 1948 in Bordeaux, France) is an openly gay screenwriter and director whose film Johan (1976) was selected for the Cannes Film Festival.	Philippe Vallois	France
country of citizenship	Issiaga Sylla (born 1 January 1994 in Conakry, Guinea) is a Guinean footballer who currently plays as a full back for Ligue 1 side Gazélec Ajaccio on loan from Toulouse.	Issiaga Sylla	Guinea
country of citizenship	Justiniano Borgoño Castañeda (September 5, 1836 -- January 27, 1921) was a Peruvian soldier and politician who briefly occupied the Presidency of Peru during 1894.	Justiniano Borgoño	Peru
country of citizenship	Kate Bridges (born 1959 in Ontario, Canada) is a Canadian writer of romance novels since 2002.	Kate Bridges	Canada
country of citizenship	Lawrence Khai Saen-Phon-On (Thai: ลอเรนซ์ คายน์ แสนพลอ่อน, August 17, 1928 -- July 24, 2007) was archbishop of Thare and Nonseng in northeast Thailand from 1980 till his retirement in 2004.	Lawrence Khai Saen-Phon-On	Thailand
country of citizenship	Rusudan Khoperia is a Georgian trampolinist that represented Georgia at the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympic Games.	Rusudan Khoperia	Georgia
country of citizenship	Ljubiša Broćić (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубиша Бpoћић; 3 October 1911 in Guča, Kingdom of Serbia -- 16 August 1995) was a Serbian football manager.	Ljubiša Broćić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Irena Machovcak (born November 13, 1968 in Prague, Czechoslovakia) is a retired volleyball player, who represented the Netherlands at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1992.	Irena Machovcak	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Phra Phutthayotfa Chulalok (Thai: พระพุทธยอดฟ้าจุฬาโลก), born Thongduang (Thai: ทองด้วง) and also known as Rama I (20 March 1737 -- 7 September 1809), was the founder and the first monarch of the reigning House of Chakri of Siam (now Thailand).	Rama I	Thailand
country of citizenship	Charnwit Polcheewin (Thai: ชาญวิทย์ ผลชีวิน) He is a master of the football coach of Thailand.	Charnwit Polcheewin	Thailand
country of citizenship	Omar ibn Said (1770--1864) was a writer and Islamic scholar, born and educated in what is now Senegal, who was enslaved and transported to the United States in 1807.	Omar ibn Said	Senegal
country of citizenship	After splitting from Drinnan in 1996, Ray went on to score a hit single in both the United Kingdom and the United States with his song ``Are You Jimmy Ray?'' the following year.	Jimmy Ray	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jean de la Vallée (1620 -- March 12, 1696) was a French-born architect, who lived and worked in Sweden.	Jean de la Vallée	Sweden
country of citizenship	Also Kārlis Klāsups played for Latvia in 1955, at sixth board in 4th Soviet Team Chess Championship in Voroshilovgrad and won the third place (+2 −1 =6).	Kārlis Klāsups	Latvia
country of citizenship	Goshka Macuga (born 1967 in Warsaw, Poland as Małgorzata Macuga) is an artist based in London.	Goshka Macuga	Poland
country of citizenship	George Cann (30 May 1871 -- 18 October 1948) was an Australian miner and politician in the Parliaments of Australia and New South Wales.	George Cann	Australia
country of citizenship	Nelisiwe Mildred Oliphant is South Africa's Minister of Labour.	Mildred Oliphant	South Africa
country of citizenship	Charles Chukwuma Soludo, CFR (born 28 July 1960) is a Nigerian economics professor and the immediate past Governor and chairman of the board of directors of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).	Charles Chukwuma Soludo	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Chokchai Chuchai (Thai: โชคชัย ชูชัย, born April 19, 1988) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Chokchai Chuchai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Siert Bruins (Weite, the Netherlands, 2 March 1921 -- 28 September 2015), also known as Siegfried Bruns and nicknamed the Beast of Appingedam, was a Dutch member of the SS and SD during World War Two.	Siert Bruins	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ramabai Ranade is a pioneer of the modern women's movement in India and outside.	Ramabai Ranade	India
country of citizenship	Frances May Don (24 October 1898--22 July 1965) was a New Zealand factory inspector, political activist and welfare worker.	Frances May Don	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sajjad Ashouri is an Iranian Striker who currently plays for Persepolis in Iran's Premier Football League.	Sajjad Ashouri	Iran
country of citizenship	Luis Durnwalder (born 23 September 1941) is a politician of Italy, former governor of the (mainly German-speaking) autonomous province of South Tyrol from 1989 until 2014, and vice-president of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, in Northern Italy.	Luis Durnwalder	Italy
country of citizenship	Magdalena Sánchez (born Puerto Cabello, Carabobo, Venezuela April 9, 1915; died Caracas, August 18, 2005) was a Venezuelan singer, better known as the Queen of the Venezuelan song.	Magdalena Sánchez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Frank Majoor (born 1 April 1949) is the Permanent Representative of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to NATO.	Frank Majoor	Netherlands
country of citizenship	The store Mart Visser Haute Couture is located in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Mart Visser	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Elzéar-Henri Juchereau Duchesnay (July 19, 1809 -- May 12, 1871) was a seigneur, lawyer and political figure in Canada East.	Elzéar-Henri Juchereau Duchesnay	Canada
country of citizenship	Vache Gabrielyan (Armenian: Վաչե Վազգենի Գաբրիելյան; born November 24, 1968) is an Armenian economist, who has been vice-head of the Central Bank of Armenia since 3 July 2008.	Vache Gabrielyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Mikael Karlsson, or Vigilante Carlstroem as he is better known, was born on 30 October 1978 in Fagersta, Sweden.	Vigilante Carlstroem	Sweden
country of citizenship	Julien Klener is a Belgian linguist born in Ostend, Belgium in 1939.	Julien Klener	Belgium
country of citizenship	Oswald Partington, 2nd Baron Doverdale (4 May 1872 -- 23 March 1935) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom.	Oswald Partington, 2nd Baron Doverdale	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Alberto Bona started his career as a cartoonist in Italy, before moving to London, where he started to work within theatre and independent film productions.	Alberto Bona	Italy
country of citizenship	Francis Hervieu also holds more than 15 France champion titles in K-1 (single-seater), K-2 (two-seater) and K-4 (four seats) between 1975 and 1987.	Francis Hervieu	France
country of citizenship	Heiko Bonath is a former handballer from East Germany, who played for the club SC Dynamo Berlin.	Heiko Bonath	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ebrahim Ghasempour (Persian: ابراهیم قاسمپور‎; born 11 September 1957 in Abadan, Iran) is an Iranian football coach and retired player who most recently managed Sanat Naft in Azadegan League.	Ebrahim Ghasempour	Iran
country of citizenship	Berthold Ribbentrop was a pioneering forester from Germany who worked in India with Sir Dietrich Brandis and others.	Berthold Ribbentrop	India
country of citizenship	Atifete Jahjaga (Albanian pronunciation: (ätɪˈfeːtɛ jähˈjɑːɡä); born 20 April 1975) is a Kosovar politician and the fourth President of Kosovo.	Atifete Jahjaga	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Napoleón Nelson Pinedo Fedullo (10 February 1928) is a singer from Barranquilla, Colombia.	Nelson Pinedo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Filippo, who also goes by the name of Fab Filippo, was born in Toronto, Canada.	Fab Filippo	Canada
country of citizenship	Yeidckol Polevnsky Gurwitz (born January 25, 1958 in Mexico City as Citlali Ibáñez Camacho) is a Mexican entrepreneur and current Senator.	Yeidckol Polevnsky Gurwitz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Mourad Didouche (1927--1955 in Kabyle: Diduc Murad Arabic: ديدوش مراد ) is a veteran of the Algeria's war of independence (1954--1962).	Mourad Didouche	Algeria
country of citizenship	Christos Lisgaras (Greek: Χρήστος Λισγάρας, born 12 February 1986) is a professional Greek footballer currently playing for Superleague Greece club Skoda Xanthi as a Defender.	Christos Lisgaras	Greece
country of citizenship	Virodaya Cinkaiariyan (Tamil: வீரோதய சிங்கையாரியன்) was the Aryacakravarti king of the Jaffna Kingdom in modern-day northern Sri Lanka.	Virodaya Cinkaiariyan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Eugene Cussons (born July 9, 1979) was the Managing Director of ``Chimpanzee Eden'' as well as Rescue Director of the Jane Goodall Institute (JGI) in South Africa.	Eugene Cussons	South Africa
country of citizenship	Charles Marie Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy was born in Paris, France, the son of General Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy who distinguished himself as division commander in the Crimean War.	Ferdinand Walsin Esterhazy	France
country of citizenship	Francesco Paolo Fulci (born March 19, 1931 in Messina, Italy) is a retired Italian diplomat, currently serving as President of ``Ferrero SpA''.	Francesco Paolo Fulci	Italy
country of citizenship	Bartłomiej Tomczak (born 7 September 1985 in Ostrów Wielkopolski) is a Polish team handball player, currently playing for Vive Targi Kielce and on the Poland national handball team.	Bartłomiej Tomczak	Poland
country of citizenship	Manju Mehta is a top Grade artist on All India Radio.	Manju Mehta	India
country of citizenship	Shaikh Hafiz Sabri Koçi (Arabic: حافظ صبري كوتشي‎‎; 13 May 1921 -- 18 June 2004) was an Albanian Muslim cleric who served as the Grand Mufti of Albania in the 1990s.	Hafiz Sabri Koçi	Albania
country of citizenship	Lorentina Wilhelmina Skogh, born Wahlgren (14 December 1849 in the parish of Rute on Gotland, Sweden -- 18 June 1926) was a hotel manager and owned a number of hotels and restaurants in Sweden.	Wilhelmina Skogh	Sweden
country of citizenship	Reji Abraham is the managing director of Aban Group in India.	Reji Abraham	India
country of citizenship	Mars Ravelo was born on October 9, 1916 when the Philippines was still an American Territory.	Mars Ravelo	Philippines
country of citizenship	Hartmut Sieckmann was born in Saxony the southern part of what was when central Germany.	Hartmut Sieckmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Very little written information exists on Vicente Filisola's early life other than he was born in Ravello, Italy in around 1789 and later moved to Spain when he was a child.	Vicente Filisola	Spain
country of citizenship	Einar Lilloe Gran (16 November 1886 -- 1966) was a Norwegian engineer and pioneer of aviation in Norway.	Einar Lilloe Gran	Norway
country of citizenship	Carlos Rosado (born August 9, 1975 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a retired Mexican wide receiver in American football who played in NFL Europe for the Barcelona Dragons and the Amsterdam Admirals from 1998 through 2004.	Carlos Rosado	Mexico
country of citizenship	Ernst Florian Winter was born in Vienna, Austria, the oldest of eight children of the sociologist and former third vice mayor of Vienna (1934--36) Ernst Karl Winter.	Ernst Florian Winter	Austria
country of citizenship	Peter de Roo (born 16 February 1970, Amsterdam) is a retired footballer from the Netherlands.	Peter de Roo	Netherlands
country of citizenship	McKenzie Lee (born Paula McQuone, 16 May 1979 in Leicester, England) is a British pornographic actress.	McKenzie Lee	England
country of citizenship	Sergey Gerasimovich Mitin (Russian: Серге́й Гера́симович Ми́тин; born June 14, 1951 Gorky, Soviet Union) is the Governor of Novgorod Oblast, Russia since August 7, 2007.	Sergey Gerasimovich Mitin	Russia
country of citizenship	Sarmad Bhatti (born 26 September 1991, Khairpur) is an international cricketer from Pakistan.	Sarmad Bhatti	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Aakheperre Setepenre Osorkon the Elder was the fifth king of the twenty-first dynasty of Ancient Egypt and was the first Pharaoh of Libyan origin.	Osorkon the Elder	Ancient Egypt
country of citizenship	Jean-Pierre Velly (14 September 1943, Audierne, France -- 26 May 1990) was a Breton etcher, draftsman and painter.	Jean-Pierre Velly	France
country of citizenship	Manuel Sánchez Mármol was born to Ceferino Sánchez and Josefa Mármol on May 25, 1839, in Cunduacán, Tabasco, Mexico.	Manuel Sánchez Mármol	Mexico
country of citizenship	Guy Franklin Van Eaton (August 1878 -- January 9, 1950) was an American-born farmer and politician in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Guy Franklin Van Eaton	Canada
country of citizenship	Synnøve Svabø (born 22 September 1968 in Sunnmøre, Norway) is a Norwegian talk show host.	Synnøve Svabø	Norway
country of citizenship	Vincenzo Vallelonga is a Paralympic athletics competitor from Australia.	Vincenzo Vallelonga	Australia
country of citizenship	Matthew Crooks Cameron, QC (2 October 1822 -- 25 June 1887) was a politician in Ontario, Canada.	Matthew Crooks Cameron	Canada
country of citizenship	Michiel Huisman was born on 18 July 1981 in Amstelveen, a town near Amsterdam, in the Netherlands.	Michiel Huisman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	A descendant of Henry IV of France, Élisabeth de Gramont had grown up among the highest aristocracy; when she was a child, according to Janet Flanner, ``peasants on her farm... begged her not to clean her shoes before entering their houses''.	Élisabeth de Gramont	France
country of citizenship	Khuraman Gasimova (Azerbaijani: Xuraman Qasımova) is an opera singer and actress from Azerbaijan.	Khuraman Gasimova	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Japhet Kosgei (born December 20, 1968) is a retired long-distance runner from Kenya, who won several marathons during his career, including the 1999 edition of the Rotterdam Marathon and 2006 Belgrade Marathon.	Japhet Kosgei	Kenya
country of citizenship	Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso has won 2 international matches for Brazil U-23.	Rodrigo de Souza Cardoso	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ivo Miro Jović (born 15 July 1950) is a Bosnian politician and former Croat member of Bosnia and Herzegovina's tripartite Presidency, appointed to the post in Parliament on 9 May 2005 following the sacking of Dragan Čović by the High Representative on charges of corruption.	Ivo Miro Jović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	In early 1933 Paul Godwin moved to the Netherlands where he remained for the rest of his life.	Paul Godwin	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Oscar Collazo (January 20, 1914 -- February 21, 1994) was one of two Puerto Rican militants of the Nationalist Party who on November 1, 1950, attempted to assassinate U.S. President Harry S. Truman in Washington, DC. He had been living in New York City after growing up in Puerto Rico.	Oscar Collazo	Puerto Rico
country of citizenship	Marvin Baumgartner Revelo was born in Switzerland to a Swiss father and Salvadoran mother.	Marvin Baumgartner	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Ömer Naci Soykan (born. February 10, 1945, in Rize, Turkey) is a Turkish philosopher.	Ömer Naci Soykan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Ana Luisa Montufar Urrutia (born June 16, 1993) is a Guatemalan model, environmentalist and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Guatemala 2014 and represented country at the Miss Universe 2014 pageant.	Ana Luisa Montufar	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Adílson Dias Batista, usually known as Adílson Batista, (born March 16, 1968 in Adrianópolis, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian footballer and current coach.	Adílson Batista	Brazil
country of citizenship	Clara Benin (born February 19, 1994) is a singer and songwriter from the Philippines.	Clara Benin	Philippines
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Richard Rossmanith (born 16 March 1955, Monheim, Donau-Ries district) is a German Army officer and currently Commander of the Multinational Joint Headquarters Ulm in Ulm, Germany.	Richard Rossmanith	Germany
country of citizenship	Bo Christian Larsson (born 1976 in Kristinehamn, Sweden) is a Swedish artist who works mostly with large-sized drawings, installations, performances and objects.	Bo Christian Larsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ryszard Głowacki (born 1937 in Dukla, Poland) is a Polish engineer of geology, writer, publicist and a science fiction author of 3 novels and almost 30 short stories.	Ryszard Głowacki	Poland
country of citizenship	Gonzalo Arango Arias (September 5, 1941 in Moniquirá (Boyacá) - August 30, 2010 in Bogotá) was a Colombian writer and directed the Biblioteca Nacional de Colombia (National Library of Colombia).	Gonzalo Arango	Colombia
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Kitsushi (1225--1292) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Kitsushi	Japan
country of citizenship	Raya Haffar Al Hassan (born January 1967) was the Lebanese finance minister, the first woman to be appointed to such a senior post in Lebanon.	Raya Haffar Al Hassan	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Orestes Vilató (Born 4 May 1944 in Camagüey, Cuba) is a timbalero/bongosero.	Orestes Vilató	Cuba
country of citizenship	Attila Dargay (June 20, 1927 -- October 20, 2009) was an animator from Hungary.	Attila Dargay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jean-Charles Marchiani was only 19 when he was recruited by DGSE, while completing Law school in Aix-en-Provence (south-east of France), during the Algerian war.	Jean-Charles Marchiani	France
country of citizenship	Améleté Abalo (March 6, 1962 -- January 9, 2010) was the assistant coach of the Togo national football team and manager of ASKO Kara.	Améleté Abalo	Togo
country of citizenship	Fiona Pardington D.F.A. (born in 1961, Devonport, New Zealand) is a New Zealand artist, her principal medium being photography.	Fiona Pardington	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Donald James Reece (born on 13 April 1934 in Kingston, Jamaica) is an Emeritus Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston in Jamaica.	Donald James Reece	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Ram Chandra Vikal (8 November 1916 in Nayagaon Basantpur, Ghaziabad district -- 26 June 2011) was a Gurjar leader, freedom fighter and deputy chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Ram Chandra Vikal	India
country of citizenship	Jerry Palacios made his debut for Honduras in a March 2002 friendly match against the USA and has, as of February 2013, earned a total of 13 caps, scoring 5 goals.	Jerry Palacios	Honduras
country of citizenship	Erechtheus (/ɨˈrɛkθjuːs, -θɪəs/; Ancient Greek: Ἐρεχθεύς) in Greek mythology was the name of an archaic king of Athens, the founder of the polis and, in his role as god, attached to Poseidon, as ``Poseidon Erechtheus''.	Erechtheus	Athens
country of citizenship	Omar Henry (born 23 January 1952 in Stellenbosch, Cape Province) is a former cricketer who played in three Tests and three One Day Internationals for South Africa.	Omar Henry	South Africa
country of citizenship	Christos Melissis, (Greek: Χρήστος Μελίσσης; born 1 December 1982) is a Greek football player currently playing for Panthrakikos in the Super League Greece.	Christos Melissis	Greece
country of citizenship	In 1982, Lloyd Duffy was inducted in the Prince Edward Island Sports Hall of Fame and in 1990 he was voted the Avelino Gomez Memorial Award, an honour given annually to a jockey in Canada who has made significant contributions to the sport.	Lloyd Duffy	Canada
country of citizenship	Christian Danner (born 4 April 1958 in Munich) is a former race car driver from Germany.	Christian Danner	Germany
country of citizenship	Bruce Northrup (born 1955 in Sussex, New Brunswick) is a Progressive Conservative politician in the province of New Brunswick, Canada.	Bruce Northrup	Canada
country of citizenship	Madan Lal Khurana was born in Lyallpur, Punjab, British India, (now called Faisalabad in Punjab, Pakistan) to S.D. Khurana and Laxmi Devi.	Madan Lal Khurana	India
country of citizenship	Gerard George Fitzgerald (10 October 1832 -- 7 June 1904) was a 19th-century member of parliament in New Zealand.	Gerard George Fitzgerald	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Viorel Kraus (born 5 March 1940) is a former football forward who played for clubs in Romania and Turkey.	Viorel Kraus	Romania
country of citizenship	Shohreh Solati (Persian: شهره صولتی‎) (born Fatemeh Solati in Tehran, Iran) is a well-known and popular Iranian singer.	Shohreh Solati	Iran
country of citizenship	Thillaiyampalam Sivanesan (Tamil: தில்லையம்பலம் சிவனேசன்; born in a small coastal village Polikandy, Sri Lanka on October 16, 1963 -- May 18, 2009), also known by his nom de guerre, Colonel Soosai, was the head of the Sea Tigers, the naval wing of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.	Thillaiyampalam Sivanesan	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Rasim Aliyev (Azerbaijani: Əliyev Rasim Məmmədəli oğlu; 16 August 1984 -- 9 August 2015) was a journalist and human rights activist in Azerbaijan.	Rasim Aliyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	George Ghica (Albanian: Gjergj Gjika, Romanian: Gheorghe Ghika) founder of the Ghica family, was Prince of Moldavia in 1658--1659 and Prince of Wallachia in 1659--1660.	George Ghica	Moldavia	Wallachia
country of citizenship	Bhuvaneshwari Kumari of Kota, Rajasthan is a distinguished sportswoman of India and a champion in trap shooting.	Bhuvaneshwari Kumari	India
country of citizenship	Daniel Ong (full name Daniel Ong Ming Yu Chinese: 王盟友 born 27 December 1975) is a Singaporean entrepreneur and co-founder of Twelve Cupcakes, a Singapore based chain cupcakery.	Daniel Ong	Singapore
country of citizenship	Nahum B. Zenil is a Mexican artist who often uses himself as the principal model for a cultural critical interpretation of Mexico, especially concerning homosexuality and mestization.	Nahum B. Zenil	Mexico
country of citizenship	Evaristo Carazo Aranda (24 October 1821 in Rivas, Nicaragua -- 1 August 1889 in Granada, Nicaragua) was the President of Nicaragua from 1 March 1887 until his death on 1 August 1889.	Evaristo Carazo	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	A Ukrainian woman, his former employee, helped him first, as did the Polish Righteous Joanna Borkowska whom Rudolf Reder married after the war and later emigrated with, settling in Toronto, Canada.	Rudolf Reder	Canada
country of citizenship	Rajesh Agrahari is Director of Rajesh Masala Private Limited from 13 February 2004 to present, is registered with Ministry of Corporate Affairs of India (MCA).	Rajesh Agrahari	India
country of citizenship	Francesco Tristano Schlimé (born 1981) is a Luxembourg classical and experimental pianist and composer, who also plays the clarinet.	Francesco Tristano Schlimé	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Abdelmalik Hebbar, known as Malik Hebbar, (born October 6, 1973 in Bondy) is a French professional football player of Algerian origin who is currently playing in the Championnat de France amateur for JA Drancy.	Malik Hebbar	France
country of citizenship	Sarah Garnett is an International Field Hockey Umpire, from New Zealand.	Sarah Garnett	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Phil Adamson (born in Australia) was a rugby league player for the Parramatta Eels, Penrith Panthers, St. Helens and for the Manly-Warringah Sea Eagles.	Phil Adamson	Australia
country of citizenship	Kura Te Waru Rewiri (born in Kaeo, 1950) is a New Zealand artist, academic and educator of Ngāti Kahu, Ngāpuhi, Ngāti Kauwhata, Ngāti Rangi descent.	Kura Te Waru Rewiri	New Zealand
country of citizenship	The Hong Kong Museum of Art, the Honolulu Museum of Art, Musée Bertrand (Châteauroux, France), Musée de la Roche (Issoudun, France) and the National Museum of Singapore are among the public collections holding works by Auguste Borget.	Auguste Borget	France
country of citizenship	Geir Moen (born 26 June 1969 in Oslo) is a former sprinter from Moss, Norway who specialized in the 200 metres.	Geir Moen	Norway
country of citizenship	Phathana Inthavong (born 15/02/1997; in Vientiane, Laos) is a Laotian swimmer specializing in Freestyle and Backstroke.	Phathana Inthavong	Laos
country of citizenship	Ali Gunyar (born 22 September 1979 in Eindhoven) is a Turkish-Dutch middleweight Muay Thai kickboxer fighting out of Eindhoven, Netherlands for Team Gunyar, where he is trained by his brother Suleyman Gunyar.	Ali Gunyar	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Jemaine Clement (born 10 January 1974) is a New Zealand comedian, actor and multi-instrumentalist, known as one half of the musical comedy duo Flight of the Conchords along with Bret McKenzie and the voice of Nigel the Cockatoo in the Rio film series.	Jemaine Clement	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jack M. Lauzon (born December 5, 1961) is a retired Canadian Thoroughbred horse racing jockey whom The Blood-Horse magazine called ``one of the most respected riders in Canada.''	Jack M. Lauzon	Canada
country of citizenship	Henrik Hagtvedt is a Norwegian visual artist (born January 6, 1971 in Sandefjord, Norway) working predominantly with acrylics and oils, as well as with sculpture, graphics and other media.	Henrik Hagtvedt	Norway
country of citizenship	Andrew Keoghan (born 6 October 1980) is a New Zealand musician and songwriter.	Andrew Keoghan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Richard Trevor Barber (3 June 1925 -- 7 August 2015) was a New Zealand cricketer who played in one Test in 1956, against the West Indies in Wellington.	Trevor Barber	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vuyo Mboto (born 28 September 1988 in King William's Town, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player, currently playing with the Griffons.	Vuyo Mboto	South Africa
country of citizenship	Jean-Baptiste Thibault (14 December 1810 -- 4 April 1879) was a Roman Catholic priest and missionary noted for his role in negotiating on behalf of the Government of Canada during the Red River Rebellion of 1869--1870.	Jean-Baptiste Thibault	Canada
country of citizenship	Nikos Katelis (Greek: Νίκος Κατέλης), better known by his stage name Katman, is known in Greece for appearing in various trash TV shows, including the show hosted by Annita Pania called Je T'Aime, where he was a performer of satirical songs.	Katman	Greece
country of citizenship	Svein Holden (born 23 August 1973) is a Norwegian jurist having prosecuted several major criminal cases in Norway.	Svein Holden	Norway
country of citizenship	Krystyna Chojnowska-Liskiewicz (born 15 July 1936, in Poland) was the first woman to sail single-handed (i.e. solo) around the world, repeating the accomplishment of Joshua Slocum.	Krystyna Chojnowska-Liskiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Antoine Richard (born 8 September 1960 in Fontainebleau) is a former athlete from France who mainly competed in the 100 metres.	Antoine Richard	France
country of citizenship	Nahuel Moreno (real name Hugo Miguel Bressano Capacete; April 24, 1924 -- January 25, 1987) was a Trotskyist leader from Argentina.	Nahuel Moreno	Argentina
country of citizenship	Hamid Jokar (Persian: حمید جوکار; born Match 26, 1987‎‎) is an Iranian Football Forward who currently plays for Nassaji in the Iran Pro League.	Hamid Jokar	Iran
country of citizenship	Eduardo Osta Valenti (born 4 September 1959) is a former professional tennis player from Catalonia, Spain.	Eduardo Osta	Spain
country of citizenship	Henry Waszczuk came to Canada at the age of two.	Henry Waszczuk	Canada
country of citizenship	Hüseyin Avni Mutlu was born to a miner father in Fındıklı town of Rize Province, Turkey in 1956.	Hüseyin Avni Mutlu	Turkey
country of citizenship	Kim Kyu-min (Hangul: 김규민; born 28 December 1990) is a volleyball player from South Korea.	Kim Kyu-min	South Korea
country of citizenship	Leo Rwabwogo (June 3, 1949 -- January 14, 2009) was a boxer from Uganda, who won a total number of two Olympic medals during his career as an amateur in the flyweight division (-- 51 kg).	Leo Rwabwogo	Uganda
country of citizenship	Jabez Olssen (born 5 August 1975) is a New Zealand film and television editor who has worked extensively with director Peter Jackson.	Jabez Olssen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nathaniel Apa (born 15 June 1995) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a midfield back for Canterbury in the ITM Cup.	Nathaniel Apa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yoram Moses (Hebrew: יוֹרָם מוֹזֶס‎) is a Professor in the Electrical Engineering Department at the Technion - Israel Institute of Technology.	Yoram Moses	Israel
country of citizenship	Augusto Espinosa Valderrama (5 June 1919 -- 1986) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as Liberal Party Representative, Senator and President of the Senate in the Congress of Colombia.	Augusto Espinosa Valderrama	Colombia
country of citizenship	Lê Thế Tông (chữ Hán: 黎世宗 born 1567, reigned 1573 - 1599), named Lê Duy Đàm (黎維潭) was the 13th emperor-king of the later Lê dynasty of Vietnam.	Lê Thế Tông	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Edward Lionel Terry (1873 -- 20 August 1952) was a New Zealand white supremacist and murderer, incarcerated in psychiatric institutions after murdering a Chinese immigrant, Mr. Joe Kum Yung, in Wellington, New Zealand in 1905.	Lionel Terry	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anne-Julia Hagen (born May 22, 1990) is German model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Germany 2013 and was represented her country at the Miss Universe 2013 pageant.	Anne-Julia Hagen	Germany
country of citizenship	Alannah Hill (born 1963) is an Australian fashion designer, well known in Australia and internationally.	Alannah Hill	Australia
country of citizenship	Tamia Valmont made her stage debut at the Châteauvallon Jazz Festival with Michel Portal, in France, in 1972.	Tamia Valmont	France
country of citizenship	Douglas MacDonald (1900--1996) was a farmer, miner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Douglas MacDonald	Canada
country of citizenship	Denis Maurice O'Conor (Irish: Donnchadh Muirgheas Ó Conchubhair Donn; 1840--26 July 1883) was an Irish politician, Member of Parliament in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.	Denis Maurice O'Conor	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Tim Bond is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a lock.	Tim Bond	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thế Sơn is a Vietnamese language pop singer from southern Vietnam, and is a long-time member of the long running Vietnamese diaspora variety show Paris by Night.	Thế Sơn	Vietnam
country of citizenship	S. E. Luc de La Barre de Nanteuil (born 21 September 1925 at Lhommaizé) is an aristocratic French career diplomat, who rose to become an Ambassador of France.	Luc de La Barre de Nanteuil	France
country of citizenship	Ellina Anissimova (born 7 July 1992 in Narva, Estonia) is an Estonian hammer thrower.	Ellina Anissimova	Estonia
country of citizenship	Yiannos Papantoniou (Greek: Γιάννος Παπαντωνίου; born 27 July 1949) was a member of the National Parliament in Greece (MP) from 1988 to 2007, Minister of National Defense (2001--03), Minister of Economy and Finance (1994--2001).	Yiannos Papantoniou	Greece
country of citizenship	Wutthipan Pantalee (Thai: วุฒิพันธ์ พันธะลี, born April 30, 1985) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Wutthipan Pantalee	Thailand
country of citizenship	Cosmin Gârleanu (born 7 February 1989 in Galaţi, Romania) is a Romanian footballer currently on loan at Dunărea Galaţi from Romanian side FC Oţelul Galaţi.	Cosmin Gârleanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Hugo Antonio Corti (born June 3, 1963 in San Martin, Sante Fé) is a retired boxer from Argentina, who competed in the middleweight division (-- 71 kg).	Antonio Corti	Argentina
country of citizenship	Frank Nitzinsky (born 14 October 1974), better known by his stage name, Eye-D, is a Dutch drum & bass producer and DJ based in Goes, The Netherlands.	Eye-D	Netherlands
country of citizenship	With Antanas Sireika, The Lithuanian national basketball team won their first FIBA Europe gold medals after Lithuania's independence in 1991, (the first titles came in 1937 and 1939).	Antanas Sireika	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Ermano Fegatilli (born 19 August 1984 in Ougrée, Belgium) is a Belgium-based Italian boxer.	Ermano Fegatilli	Belgium
country of citizenship	Rheeya Doshi (Tamil: ரியா தோஷி; born 24 April 1996 in Singapore) is a Singaporean tennis player.	Rheeya Doshi	Singapore
country of citizenship	Born in Ste-Thérèse, Canada East, the son of Samuel Desjardins and Sophie Laurier, Desjardins was educated at the College of Ste-Thérèse de Blainville.	Samuel Desjardins	Canada
country of citizenship	Val Sim Valery (Val) Catherine Sim (born 1954) is a former New Zealand Law Commissioner and former member of the New Zealand Criminal Justice Advisory Board.	Val Sim	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Li Yujia (Simplified Chinese: 李羽佳) is Singapore's national badminton player.	Li Yujia	Singapore
country of citizenship	Kim Jong-gak (30 July 1941) (Hangul: 김정각; hanja: 金正閣) is a member of the North Korea military.	Kim Jong-gak	North Korea
country of citizenship	Cătălin Țăranu (in Japanese: タラヌ・カタリン, Taranu Katarin), born March 31, 1973 in Romania, is one of the very few professional players of the board game of Go from outside Asia.	Cătălin Țăranu	Romania
country of citizenship	Sergei Zenjov (Russian: Серге́й Зенёв; born 20 April 1989) is an Estonian professional footballer of Russian descent who plays as a striker for Azeri club Gabala FK and Estonia national football team.	Sergei Zenjov	Estonia
country of citizenship	Blas Matamoro (Buenos Aires, Argentina; January 11, 1942) is an Argentine writer, lawyer, journalist and translator.	Blas Matamoro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Marvin Ponce is a Vice-President of the National Congress of Honduras.	Marvin Ponce	Honduras
country of citizenship	Petre Marin won 9 caps for Romania and three caps for Romania under 21 team.	Petre Marin	Romania
country of citizenship	Ikpe Umoh Imeh (or Obong (Chief) Ikpe Umoh Imeh) (April 22, 1906 -- September 29, 2004) was a Member of Parliament from Akwa Ibom State and Deputy Speaker of Parliament for the Eastern Region, Nigeria during the Nigerian First Republic.	Ikpe Umoh Imeh	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Elena Urkizu Sáez (born January 29, 1975 in Guipúzcoa) is a former field hockey defender from Spain.	Elena Urkizu	Spain
country of citizenship	Raja Jagat Singh Pathania (1618--1646) succeeded Suraj Mal (his elder brother) as the king of Dhameri (now Nurpur) in present-day Himachal, India.	Raja Jagat Singh	India
country of citizenship	Hilda Taba (7 December 1902 in Kooraste, Estonia -- 6 July 1967 in San Francisco, California) was an architect, a curriculum theorist, a curriculum reformer, and a teacher educator.	Hilda Taba	Estonia
country of citizenship	Severo Fernández Alonso Caballero (15 August 1849, Sucre -- 12 August 1925) was President of his country, Bolivia, from 1896 to 1899.	Severo Fernández	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Victor Delfín (born 20 December 1927 in Lobitos, Peru) is one of the leading sculptors and painters in Peru.	Victor Delfín	Peru
country of citizenship	Bea Fiedler (born 28 June 1957 in Witten, Germany) is a German topless model who entered a paternity suit against Prince Albert of Monaco in 1987.	Bea Fiedler	Germany
country of citizenship	Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury was born into an old military family at William-Henry, Lower Canada, October 28, 1798.	Clément-Charles Sabrevois de Bleury	Canada
country of citizenship	Adolf Šimperský international stats at the Football Association of the Czech Republic website (Czech) http://pol.worldfootball.net/spieler_profil/adolf-simpersky/	Adolf Šimperský	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Sant Ajaib Singh (11 September 1926 - 6 July 1997) known to his disciples as Sant Ji was born on the 11th of September, 1926 in Maina, Bhatinda district, Punjab, India.	Ajaib Singh	India
country of citizenship	Elena Tchalykh (born 25 March 1974) is a Russian professional racing cyclist who competed from 2011 on for Azerbaijan.	Elena Tchalykh	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Kapil Patil (b March 5, 1961) is politician from Bhiwandi, Thane, in Maharashtra state of India.	Kapil Patil	India
country of citizenship	Colonel The Hon. Philip VanKoughnet (April 2, 1790 -- May 7, 1873) M.P., landowner, businessman and political figure in Upper Canada.	Philip VanKoughnet	Canada
country of citizenship	Feodor Vassilyev (Russian: Фёдор Васильев, older spelling: Ѳеодоръ Васильевъ) (c. 1707 -- 1782) was a peasant from Shuya, Russia.	Feodor Vassilyev	Russia
country of citizenship	Walter Christaller was born to Erdmann Gottreich and Helene Christaller an author of Christian-themed children's novels at Berneck in Germany.	Walter Christaller	Germany
country of citizenship	Gonnelien Rothenberger (born June 5, 1968 in Weert, Limburg) is an equestrian from the Netherlands, who was born as Gonneke Antoinette Arnolda Johanna Adriana Robertine Gordijn.	Gonnelien Rothenberger	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Erkenbrand was lord of the Westfold of Rohan during the War of the Ring.	Erkenbrand	Rohan
country of citizenship	Teddy Sagi was born in 1972 in Tel Aviv, Israel and grew up in the Shikun Lamed neighborhood.	Teddy Sagi	Israel
country of citizenship	Thorvald Andersen (8 April 1883 in Aarup, Denmark - 3 May 1935 in Frederiksberg, Denmark) was a Danish architect.	Thorvald Andersen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Salome Kammer (born 17 January 1959 in Nidda, Hesse, Germany) is a German actress, singer and cellist.	Salome Kammer	Germany
country of citizenship	Svyatoslav Kozlovskyi (Ukrainian: Святослав Григорович Козловський; born 26 March 1994 in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who played for FC Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Svyatoslav Kozlovskyi	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Paolo Ramírez (born Paolo Alberto Ramírez González on October 6, 1992) is a Chilean singer/vocalist from the city of Quilpué, Marga Marga Province of Chile.	Paolo Ramírez	Chile
country of citizenship	Andoy Ranay is a director from the Philippines.	Andoy Ranay	Philippines
country of citizenship	Dona Maria Leopoldina of Austria (22 January 1797 -- 11 December 1826) was an archduchess of Austria, Empress consort of Brazil and Queen consort of Portugal.	Maria Leopoldina of Austria	Brazil
country of citizenship	Piet Rooijakkers (born August 16, 1980 in Gerwen, North Brabant) is a road bicycle racer from the Netherlands.	Piet Rooijakkers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Eleuterio Sánchez Rodríguez (born 15 April 1942), known as El Lute, was at one time listed as Spain's ``Most Wanted'' criminal and later became a published writer.	Eleuterio Sánchez	Spain
country of citizenship	Jaruwat Cheawaram (Thai: จารุวัฒน์ เชี่ยวอร่าม; rtgs: Charuwat Chiao-a-ram), also known as Dome (born on 29 September 1991 in Phuket, Thailand), is a Thai singer.	Jaruwat Cheawaram	Thailand
country of citizenship	Marvin Iraheta spent all of his early life in El Salvador before coming to the United States.	Marvin Iraheta	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Lucas Van den Eynde (born 23 February 1959) is a Dutch-speaking actor and voice actor from Belgium.	Lucas Van den Eynde	Belgium
country of citizenship	Lorenzo Palacios Quispe (April 26, 1950 in Lima, Peru -- June 24, 1994) was a Peruvian singer and musician.	Lorenzo Palacios Quispe	Peru
country of citizenship	Agnes Louisa Weston (née Steuart, 17 January 1879 -- 8 August 1972) from Wellington was appointed a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council on 22 June 1950.	Agnes Louisa Weston	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Im Kwon-taek (born May 2, 1936) is one of South Korea's most renowned film directors.	Im Kwon-taek	South Korea
country of citizenship	Natalia Málaga (born 26 January 1964) is a volleyball player and coach from Peru.	Natalia Málaga	Peru
country of citizenship	Robert Harold Jenkins (June 30, 1873 -- November 5, 1939) was a merchant, investment dealer and political figure in Prince Edward Island, Canada.	Robert Harold Jenkins	Canada
country of citizenship	Ali Progri was awarded the distinguished title Merited Teacher of Albania.	Ali Progri	Albania
country of citizenship	Peter Kotuľa (born 11 March 1982 in Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovakian musician and a major artist.	Peter Kotuľa	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Émile Poisson (May 25, 1905 in Ouidah, Benin -- June 4, 1999 in Paris), was a politician from Benin who served in the French Senate from 1947-1955.	Émile Poisson	Benin
country of citizenship	Stephen Oluwole Awokoya (1913--1985) was a former minister of education in the old Western Region of Nigeria.	Stephen Oluwole Awokoya	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Bernd Friedmann (also Burnt Friedman) (born 1965 in Coburg, Germany) is a German musician and producer who works under a variety of project names in the fields of Electronica, Dub and Jazz.	Bernd Friedmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Rangimoana Taylor is a Māori actor, theatre director and storyteller from New Zealand with more than 35 years in the industry.	Rangimoana Taylor	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rabbi Azriel Rabinowitz (Hebrew: עזריאל רבינוביץ‎; 1905--July 1941) was a rosh yeshiva at the Telshe yeshiva of Lithuania and one of the youngest pre-Holocaust rosh yeshivas.	Azriel Rabinowitz	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Michelle Rocca (born 1961 in Dublin, Ireland) is a former model, television presenter, and beauty queen who, in 1980, won the Miss Ireland title.	Michelle Rocca	Ireland
country of citizenship	Orlando Duque (born September 11, 1974 in Cali, Colombia) is a Colombian high diver.	Orlando Duque	Colombia
country of citizenship	Prathap C. Reddy (born 1933 in Aragonda,) is an Indian entrepreneur and cardiologist, who founded the first corporate chain of hospitals in India -- the Apollo Hospitals Group.	Prathap C. Reddy	India
country of citizenship	Valerie Chow, aka Rachel Shane (born 16 December 1970) is a Hong Kong actress, fashion publicist and entrepreneur.	Valerie Chow	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Erol Dora (born 2 February 1964 in Hassana near Silopi) is a lawyer and parliamentary politician of Turkey.	Erol Dora	Turkey
country of citizenship	Jawhar Mnari (Arabic: جوهر مناري‎) (born 8 November 1976 in Monastir, Tunisia) is a Tunisian footballer.	Jawhar Mnari	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Isaac Horowitz was born one of 11 siblings in the British mandate of Palestine, modern Israel, in the city of Safed.	Isaac Horowitz	Israel
country of citizenship	Nicolaus van Esch (Eschius) (born in Oisterwijk near 's-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands, in 1507; died 19 July 1578) was a Dutch Roman Catholic theologian and mystical writer.	Nicolaus van Esch	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Juan Martín Cueva Armijos (born October 9, 1966 in Quito, Ecuador) is an Ecuadorian documentary film director and the director of the Filmfestival ``Cero Latitud'' in Quito.	Juan Martín Cueva	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Alois Stadlober (born April 11, 1962) is a former cross-country skier from Austria who competed from 1988 to 2000.	Alois Stadlober	Austria
country of citizenship	Pedro Antonio Díaz (5 July 1852 -- 8 May 1919) was First Vice President of Panama in 1918 and in that capacity also acting President of Panama from October 1, 1918 to October 12, 1918.	Pedro Antonio Díaz	Panama
country of citizenship	Ivan Ivančić (December 6, 1937 -- August 28, 2014) was a Croatian athletics coach and shot putter who represented Yugoslavia.	Ivan Ivančić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Antonio Prohías (January 17, 1921 -- February 24, 1998), born in Cienfuegos, Cuba, was a cartoonist most famous as the creator of the comic strip Spy vs. Spy for Mad magazine.	Antonio Prohías	Cuba
country of citizenship	Andrew Schultz (born in Adelaide, South Australia, on 18 August 1960) is an acclaimed Australian classical composer.	Andrew Schultz	Australia
country of citizenship	Kay Sievers grew up in Eastern Germany and nowadays resides in Berlin, Germany.	Kay Sievers	Germany
country of citizenship	In 2003, Spiller decided to take control over his own productions and thus established his own independent label Nano Records, based in Venice, Italy.	Spiller	Italy
country of citizenship	Kastytis Klimas (born 26 April 1969 in Domeikava) is track and field sprint athlete who competed internationally for Lithuania.	Kastytis Klimas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	John Ollivier (25 March 1812 -- 31 July 1893) was a Member of Parliament in New Zealand, but was better known for his membership of the Canterbury Provincial Council.	John Ollivier	New Zealand
country of citizenship	William Henry John Seffern (1829--1900) was a notable New Zealand printer, newspaper editor, journalist and historian.	William Henry John Seffern	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Joseph-Arsène Bonnier (born November 25, 1879 in Saint-Urbain, Quebec, Canada-August 20, 1962) was a Canadian politician, contractor, person of independent means and undertaker.	Joseph-Arsène Bonnier	Canada
country of citizenship	Ethan Rains (born 1981 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian-American actor, best known for his portrayal of Dr. Leo Julian on the second season of SOAPnet's General Hospital:	Ethan Rains	Iran
country of citizenship	Jason Begg-Smith took part in the Turin 2006 Winter Olympics, representing Australia on 15 February 2006.	Jason Begg-Smith	Australia
country of citizenship	Gizem Gönültaş was born to a blind mother Atiye Gönültaş in Ordu, Turkey on July 13, 1993.	Gizem Gönültaş	Turkey
country of citizenship	César Bengzon (May 29, 1896 -- September 3, 1992) was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from April 28, 1961 until May 29, 1966.	César Bengzon	Philippines
country of citizenship	Trần Thị Thảo (born November 24, 1991) is a Vietnamese professional volleyball player who plays for Thong tin Lien Viet Post Bank and the Vietnam women's national volleyball team.	Trần Thị Thảo	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Inoke Male, (born 3 June 1963 in Nausori, Fiji), is a former Fijian rugby union player and former head coach of the Fijian national side.	Inoke Male	Fiji
country of citizenship	Jill Kennare captained the Australia national women's cricket team on 4 occasions.	Jill Kennare	Australia
country of citizenship	Philip Harland is a former track cyclist from New Zealand.	Philip Harland	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ulrich K. Goldsmith was born in 1910 in Freiburg (Black Forest) and had to leave Germany in 1932-1933 because of his Jewish origins and Nazi persecution.	Ulrich K. Goldsmith	Germany
country of citizenship	Julio Torri Maynes (June 27, 1889 in Saltillo, Coahuila -- May 11, 1970 in Mexico City) was a Mexican writer and teacher who formed part of the Ateneo de la Juventud (1909--1914).	Julio Torri	Mexico
country of citizenship	Juan José Flores Aramburu was born on July 19, 1800 in the city of Puerto Cabello, Venezuela, the illegitimate and only son of Juan José Aramburu, a rich and distinguished Spanish merchant from Spain, and to a Venezuelan, Rita Flores Bohorques.	Juan José Flores	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Michael Urukalo, born Milorad Urukalo, is a Serbian-born Australian football (soccer) coach who has worked at several clubs in Africa, Asia and Australia.	Michael Urukalo	Australia
country of citizenship	The Yamaha brand trademark, YAMAHA, comes from the name of its founder Torakusu Yamaha who pioneered the production of Western musical instruments in Japan.	Torakusu Yamaha	Japan
country of citizenship	Mario Humberto Lobo (born August 21, 1964 in San Salvador de Jujuy, Argentina) is an Argentine former footballer.	Mario Humberto Lobo	Argentina
country of citizenship	The Pekka Pöyry Award is named in his honor and given to young, talented saxophonists in Finland, awarded since the early 1980s.	Pekka Pöyry	Finland
country of citizenship	Al-Shymaa Kway-Geer (born 1960) is a member of the parliamentary body, the National Assembly, of Tanzania.	Al-Shymaa Kway-Geer	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Francisco Marroquín (1499 -- April 18, 1563) was the first bishop of Guatemala, translator of Central American languages and provisional Governor of Guatemala.	Francisco Marroquín	Guatemala
country of citizenship	In April 2007 Tiësto launched his radio show Tiësto's Club Life on Radio 538 in the Netherlands and released his third studio album Elements of Life.	Tiësto	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Te Mete Raukawa (1836--1926) was a New Zealand tribal leader, assessor and sportsman.	Te Mete Raukawa	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Benjamin Stambouli is a France youth international having earned caps at under-21 level.	Benjamin Stambouli	France
country of citizenship	Yelena Belyakova (Russian: Елена Белякова; born 7 April 1976 in Moscow) is a former pole vaulter from Russia.	Yelena Belyakova	Russia
country of citizenship	Hazel Crane (1951--2003) was a prominent socialite, businesswoman and posthumous memoirist in South Africa.	Hazel Crane	South Africa
country of citizenship	Lieutenant Colonel Ghulam Hussain Chaudry or Ghulam Hussain Chaudry Shaheed, HJ, born in 1926, was a Pakistan Army officer who received the Hilal-i-Jurat for his service in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971.	Ghulam Hussain Chaudry	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Hananu or Ibrahim Hanano (1869--1935) (Arabic: إبراهيم هنانو‎) was an Ottoman municipal official and later a leader of a revolt against the French presence in northern Syria.	Ibrahim Hananu	Syria
country of citizenship	Nandini Goud (born 1967) is a well-known painter and printmaker from Hyderabad, India.	Nandini Goud	India
country of citizenship	Edward Nicholas Hopkins (October 3, 1854 -- July 14, 1935) was a farmer, manufacturer and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	Edward Nicholas Hopkins	Canada
country of citizenship	Mathias Pierre (born 3 April 1967 in Haiti), is an entrepreneur and an author.	Mathias Pierre	Haiti
country of citizenship	Charlotte Randall (born Dunedin) is a New Zealand novelist.	Charlotte Randall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Louis Lerambert received court commissions under King Louis XIII and his successor King Louis XIV of France in the three current sculptural genres, overmantels and decorative sculpture, portrait busts and tomb figures.	Louis Lerambert	France
country of citizenship	In 1988 Imrat Khan received a Sangeet Natak Akademi Award from the president of India.	Imrat Khan	India
country of citizenship	Elise Thérèse Koekkoek-Daiwaille (May 5, 1814 -- June 2, 1881) was a painter and lithographer from the Netherlands.	Elise Thérèse Koekkoek-Daiwaille	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Alexander Mickelthwate (born 2 June 1970, Frankfurt, West Germany) is a German-born conductor.	Alexander Mickelthwate	Germany
country of citizenship	Sheikh Mohammed Sultan (10 August 1923 - 10 October 1994; better known as SM Sultan, Bengali: এস এম সুলতান), was a Bangladesh avant-garde artist who worked in painting and drawing.	SM Sultan	Bangladesh
country of citizenship	Pavel Gintov (Ukrainian: Павло Гiнтов, Russian: Павел Гинтов) (born January 14, 1984 in Kiev, Ukraine) is a classical pianist.	Pavel Gintov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Reginald Alexander Dallas Brooks was born on 22 August 1896 at Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, England, United Kingdom, son of Dallas George Brooks and Violet Ruth, née Shepherd.	Dallas Brooks	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Ernest Tate, known as Ernie Tate, is a long-standing supporter of the reunified Fourth International, based in Canada.	Ernie Tate	Canada
country of citizenship	However, in 184, before Cui Yan could complete his studies, the Yellow Turban Rebellion broke out in China.	Cui Yan	China
country of citizenship	Todor Ivanchov (Bulgarian: Тодор Иванчов) (1858 -- 1906) was a supporter of Vasil Radoslavov who served as Prime Minister of Bulgaria from 13 October 1899 to 25 January 1901.	Todor Ivanchov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Cardiff Vaega (born in Auckland, New Zealand) is a New Zealand rugby union player.	Cardiff Vaega	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Luis Carlos Restrepo Ramírez (born 24 January 1954) is a Colombian psychiatrist and philosopher, who served as the 5th High Commissioner for Peace of Colombia from 2002 to 2006.	Luis Carlos Restrepo Ramírez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Dimitrije Bužarovski Ph.D. (Macedonian: Димитрије Бужаровски) (born August 8, 1952, Skopje, Macedonia) is a Macedonian composer, versatile artist and a scholar with interests in different fields: composition, musicology, computer and electronic music, performance, teaching and research.	Dimitrije Bužarovski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Arthur Rimbaud was born in the provincial town of Charleville (now part of Charleville-Mézières) in the Ardennes département in northeastern France.	Arthur Rimbaud	France
country of citizenship	Takayuki Takaguchi (高口 隆行, born August 23, 1983 in Edogawa, Tokyo) is a Japanese professional baseball shortstop for the Yomiuri Giants in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Takayuki Takaguchi	Japan
country of citizenship	Henry Tang Ying-yen, GBM, GBS, JP (born 6 September 1952, Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong politician who served as the Chief Secretary of Hong Kong between 2007 and 2011.	Henry Tang	Hong Kong
country of citizenship	Edgar Julius Jung (March 6, 1894 -- July 1, 1934) was a German lawyer born in Ludwigshafen, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Edgar Julius Jung	Germany
country of citizenship	Zhai Gong (Chinese: 翟公, fl. 2nd century BCE) was a Magistrate under the Emperor Wendi of the Han dynasty of China.	Zhai Gong	China
country of citizenship	Laura Beyne; (born 25 May 1992) is a Belgian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2012 and represented her country in the 2012 Miss Universe and Miss World pageants.	Laura Beyne	Belgium
country of citizenship	Halvor Nordhaug (born 26 February 1953) is a Norwegian Bishop in the Lutheran Church of Norway.	Halvor Nordhaug	Norway
country of citizenship	Jeannot Moes (born 11 May 1948) is a Luxembourg players.	Jeannot Moes	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Jez Smith (born in London, United Kingdom) is a British fashion and beauty photographer, best known as a judge on Australia's Next Top Model.	Jez Smith	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Peter Drew Hutton (born 1947) is an activist, academic, campaigner and past political candidate for the Queensland Greens in elections in Queensland, Australia at all three levels of government.	Drew Hutton	Australia
country of citizenship	Mónica Navarro (born October 30, 1968) is a Tango singer and actress from Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Mónica Navarro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Tufan Esin (born 7 August 1980 in Silifke, Turkey), is a Turkish footballer who plays for Diyarbakirspor as a forward.	Tufan Esin	Turkey
country of citizenship	Omchery N. N. Pillai is a Malayalam--language playwright, novelist and poet from Kerala, India.	Omchery N. N. Pillai	India
country of citizenship	Colonel (retired) Abubakar Dangiwa Umar (born 1949) was governor of Kaduna state in Nigeria from August 1985 to June 1988 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida.	Dangiwa Umar	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Merzifonlu Kara Mustafa Pasha (1634/1635 -- 25 December 1683) was an Ottoman military leader and grand vizier who was a central character in the Ottoman Empire's last attempts at expansion into both Central and Eastern Europe.	Kara Mustafa Pasha	Ottoman Empire
country of citizenship	Sibel Tüzün (born 29 September 1971 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Turkish pop/rock/jazz singer.	Sibel Tüzün	Turkey
country of citizenship	Youssef Chippo (Arabic: يوسف شيبو‎; born 10 May 1973 in Boujad) is a retired footballer from Morocco.	Youssef Chippo	Morocco
country of citizenship	Aleksandr Mikhailovich Bezobrazov (Russian: Александр Михайлович Безобразов (1855-1931) was a Russian businessman and political adventurer who exerted a major influence on the foreign policies of the Russian Empire in the years prior to the Russo-Japanese War.	Aleksandr Mikhailovich Bezobrazov	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Judi Connelli AM (born 20 July 1947 in Brisbane, Australia) is an award-winning singer and actress.	Judi Connelli	Australia
country of citizenship	Ferdinand Hartzenberg (born 8 January 1936 in Lichtenburg) is a South African politician and was the second and last leader of the Conservative Party in South Africa between 1993 and its merger with the Freedom Front in 2004.	Ferdinand Hartzenberg	South Africa
country of citizenship	Alina Grosu (Ukrainian: Аліна Ґросу; born in Chernivtsi, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian singer from the Romanian minority.	Alina Grosu	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Barbara Hulanicki OBE (b. 1936) is a fashion designer, born in Warsaw, Poland, to Polish parents and best known as the founder of iconic clothes store Biba.	Barbara Hulanicki	Poland
country of citizenship	Thierry Pister (born 2 September 1965 in Belgium) is a former Belgian footballer, last managing R.A.E.C. Mons.	Thierry Pister	Belgium
country of citizenship	Václav Riedlbauch (born April 1, 1947 in Dýšina, Czechoslovakia, now Czech Republic) is a Czech composer, pedagogue and manager.	Václav Riedlbauch	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Alexander Kravchenko (Russian: Александр Кравченко, born April 21, 1971 in Arkhangelsk, Soviet Union) is a professional poker player based in Moscow, Russia.	Alexander Kravchenko	Russia
country of citizenship	Herma Auguste Wittstock (born 1977 in Peine, Germany) is a performance artist.	Herma Auguste Wittstock	Germany
country of citizenship	Lubica Kucerova (born 27 April 1983), also known as Lubica Slovak, is a Slovakia born fashion designer, Ryerson University graduate and founder of LUBICA, clothing company based in Jamaica.	Lubica Kucerova	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Alvin Daniel (born 30 August 1969) is a retired athlete from Trinidad and Tobago who specialized in the 200 and 400 metres.	Alvin Daniel	Trinidad and Tobago
country of citizenship	Cristian Vella (born March 6, 1978 in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Belgrano of the Primera B Nacional Argentina.	Cristian Vella	Argentina
country of citizenship	Stian Grimseth (born 24 July 1972) is a weightlifter from Naustdal in Norway.	Stian Grimseth	Norway
country of citizenship	Edgar William Richard Steacie, OBE FRS FRSC(December 25, 1900 -- August 28, 1962) was a Canadian physical chemist and president of the National Research Council of Canada from 1952 to 1962.	Edgar William Richard Steacie	Canada
country of citizenship	Kimberley Starr was born in 1970 in Morgantown, West Virginia, later moving to Australia as a young child.	Kimberley Starr	Australia
country of citizenship	Chris Pickering is an Australian alt.country singer, songwriter and guitarist based in Brisbane, Australia.	Chris Pickering	Australia
country of citizenship	Tringa Hysa (Albanian pronunciation: (ˈtriŋɡa ˈhysa), born 8 January 1996 in Pristina, Kosovo) is a Kosovar Albanian ballet dancer.	Tringa Hysa	Kosovo
country of citizenship	Jacob Oldham (ca 1768 -- June 11, 1824) was an English-born lawyer, businessman and political figure in Lower Canada.	Jacob Oldham	Canada
country of citizenship	M. Aram was an educator and peace advocate from India.	M. Aram	India
country of citizenship	Roman Machulenko (Ukrainian: Роман Іванович Мачуленко; born 26 July 1992 in Boryspil, Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for OKS Stomil Olsztyn in the I liga (Poland).	Roman Machulenko	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Sadio Lamine Sow (born 9 August 1952, Kayes) is the Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation of Mali since 24 April 2012.	Sadio Lamine Sow	Mali
country of citizenship	Aleksandar Ristić (born 28 June 1944 in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia) is a Bosnian football manager and a former player.	Aleksandar Ristić	Yugoslavia
country of citizenship	Dr. Fazlullah Mujadedi (Persian: فضل الله مجددی‎) also spelled as (Mujaddedi Mujaddidi Mojadeddi Mujadidi) is a politician in Afghanistan, currently serving as Governor of Laghman Province.	Fazlullah Mujadedi	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Émile de Najac was born in Lorient, France, the descendant of naval commander and bonapartist Benoît Georges de Najac.	Émile de Najac	France
country of citizenship	Qamar Ahmed (born 23 October 1937) is a cricket journalist and former first-class cricketer from Pakistan.	Qamar Ahmed	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Narayana Pandita (Bengali: নারায়ণ পণ্ডিত; Sanskrit: नारायण पण्डित) (1340--1400) was a major mathematician of India.	Narayana Pandit	India
country of citizenship	Eduardo Castro Almanza (born May 1, 1954) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico, who won several medals during the early 1980s.	Eduardo Castro	Mexico
country of citizenship	Luiz Henrique Vieira, known as Luizinho Vieira (born February 4, 1972 in Criciúma, Brazil), is a Brazilian football (soccer) manager and football player.	Luizinho Vieira	Brazil
country of citizenship	Ian Callanan (born 17 March 1971 in Cork, Ireland), is a composer of Catholic liturgical music and a contemporary Christian songwriter best known for composing the hymn ``Comfort My People'' and ``Take and Eat, This is my Body''.	Ian Callanan	Ireland
country of citizenship	Jacques Julliard, Fernand Pelloutier et les origines du syndicalisme d'action directe, Paris 1971 F.F. Ridley, Revolutionary Syndicalism in France, Cambridge 1970 Peter Stearns, Revolutionary Syndicalism and French Labor:	Fernand Pelloutier	France
country of citizenship	Othmar Ammann was born nearby Schaffhausen, Switzerland in 1879.	Othmar Ammann	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Juan Antonio Saavedra Reinaldo (born November 21, 1973 in Pontevedra) is a shooter from Spain.	Juan Antonio Saavedra Reinaldo	Spain
country of citizenship	Ulf Olsson (19 December 1951 -- 10 January 2010), also known as Helénmannen (``the Helén man'') in Sweden, was convicted for the murders of 10-year-old Helén Nilsson and 26-year-old Jannica Ekblad in 1989.	Ulf Olsson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ronny Harun (born 19 January 1984 in Sipitang, Sabah) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for Sarawak F.C. in the Malaysia Super League.	Ronny Harun	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Mark van Oppen (Zolder, Belgium, April 29, 1953) better known as Marvano, is a Belgian comic artist.	Marvano	Belgium
country of citizenship	Marjorie Magri, (born on May 2, 1986 in Caracas, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan actress and model.	Marjorie Magri	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Dorismar has worked as an actress in Argentina and in Miami.	Dorismar	Argentina
country of citizenship	Robert Penfold (born 1951) is a Foreign Correspondent for Australia's Nine News.	Robert Penfold	Australia
country of citizenship	Samin Baghtcheban was born in 1925 in Tabriz to an Azeri family, and grew up in Shiraz and Tehran, where his father established the first modern kindergartens and schools for the deaf in Iran.	Samin Baghtcheban	Iran
country of citizenship	Mary Ursula Bethell, usually known as Ursula Bethell (6 October 1874 -- 15 January 1945) was a New Zealand social worker and poet.	Ursula Bethell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ahmet Uzun is the Minister of Finance in the Government of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, a non-recognized state.	Ahmet Uzun	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country of citizenship	Signe Baumane was born in Auce, Latvia, and grew up in Tukums, Latvia and Sakhalin Island.	Signe Baumane	Latvia
country of citizenship	Joyce Dingwell, née Enid Joyce Owen Starr (1908 in City of Ryde, Sydney, Australia -- 2 August 1997 in Kincumber, Sydney), an Australian writer of more than 80 romance novels at Mills & Boon from 1931 to 1986, who also wrote under the pseudonym of Kate Starr.	Joyce Dingwell	Australia
country of citizenship	Ainars Zvirgzdiņš (born March 2, 1959 in Sabile) is a Latvian basketball coach, mostly known with the Latvia women's national basketball team.	Ainars Zvirgzdiņš	Latvia
country of citizenship	Patricia Martín (born in Mexico City) is a Mexican independent art curator.	Patricia Martín	Mexico
country of citizenship	Carlos Pezoa Véliz (July 21, 1879 -- April 21, 1908) was a poet, educator and journalist from Chile.	Carlos Pezoa Véliz	Chile
country of citizenship	Walery Jaworski (March 20, 1849 -- July 17, 1924), was one of the pioneers of gastroenterology in Poland.	Walery Jaworski	Poland
country of citizenship	Roberto Costa Cabral or Roberto Costa, as he was known, (born December 8, 1954 in Santos) is a former football player from Brazil.	Roberto Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vyron Polydoras (Greek: Βύρων Πολύδωρας, Greek pronunciation: (ˌviron poˈlidoras); born 27 January 1947 in Perivolia, Elis, Greece) is a Greek politician who was the Minister for Public Order and Justice of Greece from 2006 to 2007 in the first Cabinet of Kostas Karamanlis.	Vyron Polydoras	Greece
country of citizenship	Paul Gianni from Western Australia is an Australian Paralympic athlete.	Paul Gianni	Australia
country of citizenship	Cao Thị Đoan Trang (born February 4, 1978 in Bình Dương, Vietnam) is a contemporary Vietnamese pop/latin-influenced singer residing in Vietnam.	Đoan Trang	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Niklas Sundin (born August 13, 1974 in Sweden), is a musician best known as the guitarist of bands Dark Tranquillity and Laethora.	Niklas Sundin	Sweden
country of citizenship	Riccardo Bacchelli was elected as a member of the Royal Academy of Italy.	Riccardo Bacchelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Dario Campeotto has been married twice and once lived in Italy with his former wife, actress Ghita Nørby, but returned to Denmark where he is currently continuing his career.	Dario Campeotto	Denmark
country of citizenship	Carlo Janka (born 15 October 1986) is a champion alpine ski racer from Switzerland.	Carlo Janka	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Benjamin Kirsten is the son of former Germany national team forward and three-time Bundesliga top scorer Ulf Kirsten.	Benjamin Kirsten	Germany
country of citizenship	Józef Świeżyński (Polish pronunciation: (ˈjuzɛf ɕfjɛˈʐɨɲskʲi); 1868 -- 12 February 1948) was the prime minister of the Kingdom of Poland for a short time -- from October 23, 1918 to November 4, 1918.	Józef Świeżyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Renata Kijowska (born December 10, 1975) is a Polish journalist and reporter of The Facts, the flagship newscast of TVN, one of Poland's major television networks.	Renata Kijowska	Poland
country of citizenship	Salvatore Sciarrino (born Palermo, Italy, on April 4, 1947) is an Italian composer of contemporary classical music.	Salvatore Sciarrino	Italy
country of citizenship	V. R. Naren Kumar is a seven-time INRC Rally Champion and Two time runner-up and Asia Zone Champion from Coimbatore, India.	V. R. Naren Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Ömer Sabancı (born 1959 in Adana), a member of the Turkey's second wealthiest Sabancı family in third generation, is a Turkish businessman.	Ömer Sabancı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hans Parrel (born September 14, 1944 in Utrecht) is a former water polo player from The Netherlands, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1968.	Hans Parrel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ludwig Haas (born 16 April 1933) is a German television actor from Eutin, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Ludwig Haas	Germany
country of citizenship	Emilio Bigi was born in Asunción, Paraguay, on July 1, 1910, son of Elisa Bigi, from the Italian collectivity in this country.	Emilio Bigi	Paraguay
country of citizenship	L7a9d or El Haqed (Arabic: الحاقد‎; real name Mouad Belaghouat--born 1988 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan rapper and human rights activist who rose to prominence when he was imprisoned for criticising Mohammed VI the king of Morocco.	L7a9d	Morocco
country of citizenship	Angélica Fuentes Téllez (born 1963) is a Mexican business executive and shareholder of Grupo Omnilife-Angelissima-Chivas, a multinational corporation based in Mexico composed of nutrition supplements company Omnilife, beauty and cosmetics brand Angelíssima, and the Mexican soccer team, C.D. Guadalajara, more commonly known as Chivas.	Angélica Fuentes	Mexico
country of citizenship	Phil Pratt, born George Phillips (born 1942 in Kingston, Jamaica) is a Jamaican reggae singer and record producer.	Phil Pratt	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Christine Van Broeckhoven (born 9 April 1953) is a Belgian molecular biologist and professor in Molecular genetics at the University of Antwerp (Antwerp, Belgium).	Christine Van Broeckhoven	Belgium
country of citizenship	Alfred Baur (1865--1951) was born in Andelfingen, Switzerland, (Zurich).	Alfred Baur	Switzerland
country of citizenship	It was in this periodical that his most famous pseudonym was born, João do Rio, when on November 26, 1903 he signed an article called O Brasil Lê (Brazil Reads), an inquiry about the literary preferences of the Carioca reader.	João do Rio	Brazil
country of citizenship	Remy Põld (born September 13, 1992 in Tallinn, Estonia) is an Estonian basketball player who currently plays for Leicester Riders in the British Basketball League and the Estonia national basketball team at Under 18 level.	Remy Põld	Estonia
country of citizenship	Fiona Hefti (born 4 May 1980 in Zurich, Switzerland) was Miss Switzerland 2004 and a contestant in the Miss World 2004 and Miss Universe 2005 pageants.	Fiona Hefti	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Felix Abuchi (born March 4, 1991 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who played for Unión San Felipe of the Primera División in Chile during 2010.	Felix Abuchi	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Jürgen Dehmel (born 12 August 1958, Berlin, Germany) is a German bass player and songwriter.	Jürgen Dehmel	Germany
country of citizenship	John Randolph, 3rd Earl of Moray (1306 -- 17 October 1346) was an important figure in the reign of David II of Scotland, and was for a time joint Regent of Scotland.	John Randolph, 3rd Earl of Moray	Scotland
country of citizenship	Ignisious Gaisah (born July 20, 1983) is a Ghanaian born athlete competing in the long jump for the Netherlands.	Ignisious Gaisah	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Andrew Crosby (born 5 November 1965 in Bella Coola, British Columbia) is a retired rower from Canada.	Andrew Crosby	Canada
country of citizenship	Major General Sir William John Victor Windeyer KBE, CB, DSO & Bar, KC (28 July 1900 -- 23 November 1987) was an Australian judge, soldier, educator, and a Justice of the High Court of Australia.	Victor Windeyer	Australia
country of citizenship	Dušan Fabian was born on 10 November 1975 in Košice, Slovakia, where he has lived ever since.	Dušan Fabian	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Nafe Seluini is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Burleigh Bears.	Nafe Seluini	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Master Paul of Levoča (Slovak: Majster Pavol z Levoče, Hungarian: Lőcsei Pál mester) was a medieval carver and sculptor of the 15th and 16th century, active mostly in the town of Levoča, Slovakia.	Master Paul of Levoča	Slovakia
country of citizenship	T. S. Gurung was a social and political worker of Darjeeling, India.	T. S. Gurung	India
country of citizenship	Gianni Pedrizzetti (7 September 1963 in Prato, Italy) is an Italian engineer who is a professor in fluid mechanics at the University of Trieste.	Gianni Pedrizzetti	Italy
country of citizenship	Count François de Nicolay (31 August 1919 - 21 November 1963) was a member of the House of Nicolay in France who was a farm manager, arboriculturist, and a politician who was elected to the Senate of France.	François de Nicolay	France
country of citizenship	Nekane Díez Tapia (born 13 August 1991) is a Spanish football striker, currently playing for Athletic Bilbao in Spain's Primera División.	Nekane Díez	Spain
country of citizenship	Jonas Bering (born November 9, 1975) is a critically acclaimed French electronic music songwriter, from Lille, France.	Jonas Bering	France
country of citizenship	Joseph Georges Bouchard (born April 23, 1888 in Saint-Philippe-de-Néri, Quebec, Canada-died August 4, 1956) was a Canadian politician, agrologist and teacher.	Joseph Georges Bouchard	Canada
country of citizenship	Eugène Chavant was the founder of the French resistance organisation France Combat in 1942 and a prominent member of the French resistance.	Eugène Chavant	France
country of citizenship	Henry Valentino is widely known in Germany for his distinct musical style, which has been the inspiration of a whole generation of German musicians.	Henry Valentino	Germany
country of citizenship	Lekim Ibragimov (born 1944) is a Uzbekistani graphic artist, painter, professor and academician of the Arts Academy of Uzbekistan.	Lekim Ibragimov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Ulf Michael Widenius (often called Monty; born 3 March 1962, in Helsinki, Finland) is the main author of the original version of the open source MySQL database, a founding member of the MySQL AB company and is currently CTO of the MariaDB Foundation.	Michael Widenius	Finland
country of citizenship	Prabhat Kumar is a former governor of Jharkhand and a former cabinet secretary in the Government of India.	Prabhat Kumar	India
country of citizenship	Harold John Finlay (22 March 1901 -- 7 April 1951) was a New Zealand palaeontologist and conchologist.	Harold John Finlay	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hatem Ghoula (Arabic: حاتم غولة‎; born 7 June 1973 in Paris, France) is a Tunisian race walker.	Hatem Ghoula	France
country of citizenship	Jonathan Goldberg, known as Johnny G (born 1956 in Johannesburg, South Africa) is a South African cyclist, former professional cyclist and developer of the indoor cycling program called Spinning.	Johnny G	South Africa
country of citizenship	Dr. Maung Maung (Burmese: မောင်မောင် (màʊɴ màʊɴ); 11 January 1925 -- 2 July 1994) was the 7th President of the Union of Myanmar, and a well-known writer.	Maung Maung	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Kasia Cerekwicka (born Katarzyna Cerekwicka March 17, 1980 in Koszalin, Poland) is a Polish pop singer.	Kasia Cerekwicka	Poland
country of citizenship	Kentaro Okamoto (born c.1982), better known as DJ Kentaro, is a hip hop DJ from Japan.	DJ Kentaro	Japan
country of origin	Les Beaux Dimanches was a long-running Canadian television series, which aired on Télévision de Radio-Canada on Sunday nights from 1966 to 2004.	Les Beaux Dimanches	Canada
country of origin	Filhós (or filhoses in plural) is a traditional Christmas dessert in Portugal.	Filhós	Portugal
country of origin	Bar Bender (Traditional Chinese: 潮爆大狀) is a Hong Kong legal drama series produced by TVB and aired on its channel, Jade, from 3 to 26 April 2006.	Bar Bender	Hong Kong
country of origin	Bella Ferraro is an Australian singer most notable for finishing fourth on the fourth season of The X Factor Australia in 2012.	Bella Ferraro	Australia
country of origin	Ekhrajiha (Persian: اخراجی‌ها‎, ``The Outcast'') is a 2007 Iranian film, written and directed by Masoud Dehnamaki, narrating a story during Iran--	Ekhrajiha	Iran
country of origin	Reporter's Notebook is an investigative news magazine television show in the Philippines hosted by senior reporters Jiggy Manicad and Maki Pulido.	Reporter's Notebook	Philippines
country of origin	Trente tableaux is a 2011 autobiographical feature documentary by Quebec film director Paule Baillargeon, made during her two-year film residency with the National Film Board of Canada.	Trente tableaux	Canada
country of origin	Streetsmartz is centred on the lives of a group of children, their friends and family who live in Fremantle, in Western Australia.	Streetsmartz	Australia
country of origin	Limca is a lemon and lime flavoured carbonated soft drink made primarily in India and certain parts of the U.S. It contains 60 calories per can.	Limca	India
country of origin	C/o Footpath (or Care of Footpath) is the first film produced by the Kiran Movie Makers of Bangalore, India.	Care of Footpath	India
country of origin	Zone Fighter, known in Japan as Ryūsei Ningen Zone (流星人間ゾーン Ryūsei Ningen Zōn, lit. ``Meteor Human Zone''), is a tokusatsu science fiction superhero television series.	Zone Fighter	Japan
country of origin	At the Threshold of an Era (Chinese: 創世紀) was a Hong Kong epic drama series broadcast by TVB Jade Channel from 11 October to 18 December 1999 and 13 March to 26 May 2000 and was extensively promoted by TVB as its cross-millennium, one-hundred-episode-long epic.	At the Threshold of an Era	Hong Kong
country of origin	Very Annie Mary is a 2001 comedy film and musical from the United Kingdom, written and directed by Sara Sugarman and starring Rachel Griffiths and Jonathan Pryce.	Very Annie Mary	United Kingdom
country of origin	Shchi is a traditional soup of Russia where it has been known as far back as the 9th century, soon after cabbage was introduced from Byzantium.	Shchi	Russia
country of origin	Casoncelli (kazonˈtʃɛlli) (or casonsèi in the local dialect) are kind of stuffed pasta, typical of the culinary tradition of Lombardy, in the north-central part of Italy.	Casoncelli	Italy
country of origin	Four Seasons Wines Limited is an Indian winery which was established in 2006,based in Bangalore, India.	Four Seasons Wines	India
country of origin	In the days before cable or satellite television services, the success of Sgorio extended beyond Wales' border as avid football fans in England retuned their aerials to watch the programme with Spain's La Liga featuring alongside Italy's Serie A and latterly, Germany's Bundesliga.	Sgorio	Wales
country of origin	M. Chat (also known as Monsieur Chat and Mr Chat) is the name of a graffiti cat that originally appeared in Orléans, France in 1997.	M. Chat	France
country of origin	The hulls were manufactured in Spain, while the ASCOD turrets (based on the SP-30 turret design used on the scout version of the Pandur) were made by Steyr in Austria.	ASCOD	Spain
country of origin	Dhindo (Nepali: ढिँडो Listen ) is a traditional food of Nepal.	Dhindo	Nepal
country of origin	``Rhythm Inside'' is the name of the debut song that represented Belgium in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015.	Rhythm Inside	Belgium
country of origin	Dunia Tanpa Koma (DTK) (English: The World without Commas) is the first TV series in Indonesia that has the season system.	Dunia Tanpa Koma	Indonesia
country of origin	The Beretta 92 (also Beretta 96 and Beretta 98) is a series of semi-automatic pistols designed and manufactured by Beretta of Italy.	Beretta 92	Italy
country of origin	Hind Laroussi Tahiri was born on December 3, 1984 in Gouda, Netherlands.	Hind Laroussi	Netherlands
country of origin	Sports Unlimited (now Sports U) is a sports program of ABS-CBN in the Philippines.	Sports Unlimited	Philippines
country of origin	Miang kham (or ``mieng kham'', miang kam, miang kum, Thai: เมี่ยงคำ, pronounced (mîaŋ kʰām)) is a traditional snack from Thailand and Laos (Lao: ໝ້ຽງ Lao pronunciation: (mȉaːŋ)).	Miang kham	Laos
country of origin	Muhammara (Arabic: محمرة‎ ``reddened'') or mhammara is a hot pepper dip originally from Aleppo, Syria, found in Levantine and Turkish cuisines.	Muhammara	Syria
country of origin	Pah Wongso Pendekar Boediman (Malay for Pah Wongso the Righteous Warrior) is a 1941 detective film from the Dutch East Indies (now Indonesia).	Pah Wongso Pendekar Boediman	Dutch East Indies
country of origin	Roast beef is a signature national dish of England and holds cultural meaning for the English dating back to the 1731 ballad ``The Roast Beef of Old England''.	Roast beef	England
country of origin	The Holiday was first released on December 6, 2006, in Spain and on December 8, 2006, in North America and the United Kingdom.	The Holiday	United Kingdom
country of origin	Bad Eggs grossed $2,317,820 at the box office in Australia.	Bad Eggs	Australia
country of origin	Melodifestivalen 1965 (known as the Svensk sångfinal) was the selection for the seventh song to represent Sweden at the Eurovision Song Contest.	Melodifestivalen 1965	Sweden
country of origin	King Uncle (Hindi: किंग अंकल, Urdu: کنْگ انْکل‎) is a Hindi movie which was directed by Rakesh Roshan and released in India in 1993.	King Uncle	India
country of origin	Prosto z mostu presented the works of leading right-wing publicists of Poland in the late 1930s.	Prosto z mostu	Poland
country of origin	Frederick Douglass and the White Negro is a documentary telling the story of ex-slave, abolitionist, writer and politician Frederick Douglass and his escape to Ireland from America in the 1840s.	Frederick Douglass and the White Negro	Ireland
country of origin	Next Year in Argentina (original title El Año Que Viene en... Argentina) is a 2005 documentary about diaspora Jews, who have either decided to remain in Argentina or move to Israel.	Next Year in Argentina	Israel
country of origin	El Ideal Gallego is a Galician newspaper from A Coruña, Spain.	El Ideal Gallego	Spain
country of origin	The Adventures of Black Beauty is a British adventure family television series produced by London Weekend Television and shown by ITV in the United Kingdom between 1972 and 1974.	The Adventures of Black Beauty	United Kingdom
country of origin	Nokian Panimo Oy (known as Pirkanmaan Uusi Panimo / PUP Oy until 2004) is a brewery in Nokia, Finland, founded in 1991.	Nokian Panimo	Finland
country of origin	La Douleur (War: A Memoir) is a controversial, semi-autobiographical work by Marguerite Duras published in 1985 but drawn from diaries she supposedly wrote during World War II. It is a collection of six texts recounting a mix of her experiences of the Nazi Occupation of France with fictional details.	La Douleur	France
country of origin	Highs and Lows (Chinese: 雷霆掃毒) is a Hong Kong television crime drama serial produced by TVB under executive producer Lam Chi-wah.	Highs and Lows	Hong Kong
country of origin	Vénus aveugle (Blind Venus) is a 1941 French film melodrama, directed by Abel Gance, and one of the first films to be undertaken in France during the German occupation.	Vénus aveugle	France
country of origin	De Gelderlander is a regional newspaper for the Gelderland region of the Netherlands.	De Gelderlander	Netherlands
country of origin	Malu Mirisata (spicy Sri Lankan fish curry) has more of a chili flavor and it's a favorite method of cooking fish in Sri Lanka.	Malu Mirisata	Sri Lanka
country of origin	The Grand Budapest Hotel was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 17 June 2014 in the United States and on 7 July 2014 in the United Kingdom	The Grand Budapest Hotel	United Kingdom
country of origin	Fatenah is the first 3D animated film made in the Palestinian territories.	Fatenah	Palestinian territories
country of origin	Viva Zapatero! is titled after the famous ``Viva Zapata!'' and it also refers to the Spanish prime minister, José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero, who, immediately after gaining power in Spain, ensured that the head of the state-run public broadcaster would no longer be a political appointee(as opposed to Italy).	Viva Zapatero!	Italy
country of origin	Gyeran jjim is a Korean steamed egg casserole, which is a popular dish in Korea and often eaten as a side dish (banchan).	Gyeran jjim	Korea
country of origin	First Squad (Japanese: ファーストスクワッド Fāsuto sukuwaddo, Russian: Пе́рвый отря́д, Perviy otryad) is a joint animation project of Japan's Studio 4°C and Russia's Molot Entertainment.	First Squad	Japan
country of origin	Sterling has blogged for and hosted The Naked Wine Show since 2008 and has written for the show in Canada's National Post newspaper about her travels to wine destinations like France's Blois and Chaumont.	The Naked Wine Show	Canada
country of origin	Co-produced by the National Film Board of Canada and Producers on Davie Pictures, Scared Sacred received a Genie Award for Best Documentary.	Scared Sacred	Canada
country of origin	Be Like Others (also known as Transsexual in Iran) is a 2008 documentary film written and directed by Tanaz Eshaghian about transsexuals in Iran.	Be Like Others	Iran
country of origin	The film was developed under the title Muthamidalaama and was touted as India's first digital film made for theatres.	Mutham	India
country of origin	Frugo is a brand of fruit drinks, developed by Alima Gerber, now owned by FoodCare Poland.	Frugo	Poland
country of origin	Kh-35 (3M-24) - Base naval version for Russia (2003).	Kh-35	Russia
country of origin	He takes his Münch Mammut, nicknamed ``Mammuth'' and sails off through France to retrieve the documents.	Mammuth	France
country of origin	Children of the Stars is a 2007 documentary about children with autism (Chinese: 孤独症; pinyin: Gūdúzhèng) in the People's Republic of China.	Children of the Stars	People's Republic of China
country of origin	LazyTown (Icelandic: Latibær) is an Icelandic educational musical children's television program with a cast and crew from Iceland, the United Kingdom, and the United States.	LazyTown	Iceland
country of origin	Diario de Cádiz is a Spanish-language newspaper published in Cádiz, Spain.	Diario de Cádiz	Spain
country of origin	The Dark Tales is a series of Hong Kong television period supernatural dramas that originally aired on Jade from 18 March 1996 to 1 May 1998, consisting of two installments with 75 episodes.	Dark Tales	Hong Kong
country of origin	Domino Day was a world record attempt for the highest number of toppling domino stones, organized from 1998 to 2009 by Endemol Netherlands.	Domino Day	Netherlands
country of origin	Ezra Brooks is a brand of Kentucky Straight Bourbon Whiskey.	Ezra Brooks	Kentucky
country of origin	Francesinha poveira, or simply francesinha, is a fast food from Póvoa de Varzim in Portugal.	Francesinha poveira	Portugal
country of origin	The Antenna Awards is an annual Australian awards ceremony which recognizes outstanding community television programmes broadcast on stations of Australia's Channel 31.	Antenna Awards	Australia
country of origin	Shade of Darkness is a 1994 horror series by Hong Kong television broadcaster TVB.	Shade of Darkness	Hong Kong
country of origin	Aalog-Alog (English: Shaking) is a sitcom from the Philippines which aired its first episode on ABS-CBN, on July 8, 2006.	Aalog-Alog	Philippines
country of origin	Maltagliati (pronounced (maltaʎˈʎaːti)) are a type of pasta typical product to the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.	Maltagliati	Italy
country of origin	Seven Beauties was filmed on location in Naples, Campania, Italy.	Seven Beauties	Italy
country of origin	Laksamana Upin & Ipin is a second animated film from Malaysia.	Laksamana Upin & Ipin	Malaysia
country of origin	In 1977, the TV-series Orzowei was aired on RAI 1 (Italy's primary national television) featuring Peter Marshall as Orzowei.	Orzowei	Italy
country of origin	Inaam Ghar Plus(Urdu: انعام گھر‎, English The Awards House) is a Geo TV's presented television game show in Pakistan.	Inaam Ghar Plus	Pakistan
country of origin	Taylor & Francis Group is an international company originating in the United Kingdom that publishes books and academic journals.	Taylor & Francis	United Kingdom
country of origin	Pastillas or Pastillas de Leche is a milk-based confectionery which originated in the town of San Miguel in Bulacan, Philippines.	Pastillas	Philippines
country of origin	Children in Need 2014 is a campaign held in the United Kingdom to raise money for the charity Children in Need.	Children in Need 2014	United Kingdom
country of origin	Buffet Crampon began manufacturing musical instruments in 1825 exclusively in France, but has since expanded their business to include production facilities in Germany and China as well.	Buffet Crampon	France
country of origin	Eyes Without a Face received its second large theatrical release in a September 1986 re-release in conjunction with retrospectives at the National Film Theatre in London and at film archive Cinémathèque Française for its 50th anniversary in France.	Eyes Without a Face	France
country of origin	For the production of Mirt Sost Shi Amit (Harvest: 3,000 Years) Gerima returned to his native Ethiopia to produce the tale of a poor peasant family who eke out an existence within a brutal, exploitative, and feudal system of labor.	Harvest: 3,000 Years	Ethiopia
country of origin	Son Pari was a children's fantasy-adventure TV series, originally broadcast on India's Star Plus channel.	Son Pari	India
creator	The Ill-Matched Marriage (also known as The Marriage Contract) is an oil painting executed by the early Netherlandish master Quentin Matsys, usually dated between 1525 and 1530.	Ill-Matched Marriage	Quentin Matsys
creator	Woman with a Water Jug, also known as Young Woman with a Water Pitcher, is a painting finished between 1660--1662 by the Dutch painter Johannes Vermeer in the Baroque style.	Woman with a Water Jug	Johannes Vermeer
creator	The Empty Mask (1928) is a painting by Belgian surrealist René Magritte.	The Empty Mask	René Magritte
creator	The Camden Town Murder is a title given to a group of four paintings by Walter Sickert painted in 1908.	The Camden Town Murder	Walter Sickert
creator	The San Cassiano Altarpiece is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Antonello da Messina, dating to 1475-1476.	San Cassiano Altarpiece	Antonello da Messina
creator	Auf Wiedersehen, Pet was created by Franc Roddam after an idea from Mick Connell came to light (Mick Connell was a bricklayer from Stockton-on-Tees and was very good friends with Franc).	Auf Wiedersehen, Pet	Franc Roddam
creator	Mycroft Holmes is a fictional character appearing in stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.	Mycroft Holmes	Arthur Conan Doyle
creator	The Sistine Madonna, also called the Madonna di San Sisto, is an oil painting by the Italian artist Raphael Sanzio.	Sistine Madonna	Raphael
creator	View from Mount Holyoke, Northampton, Massachusetts, after a Thunderstorm, commonly known as The Oxbow, is a seminal landscape painting by Thomas Cole, founder of the Hudson River School.	The Oxbow	Thomas Cole
creator	Chez Tortoni is a painting by the French artist Édouard Manet, painted ca.	Chez Tortoni	Édouard Manet
creator	Stevenson Memorial is a 1903 oil painting by the American artist Abbott Handerson Thayer, intended to commemorate the writer Robert Louis Stevenson.	Stevenson Memorial	Abbott Handerson Thayer
creator	Ex-Voto de 1662 is a painting by the French artist Philippe de Champaigne held in Paris's Louvre.	Ex-Voto de 1662	Philippe de Champaigne
creator	Who's Your Daddy Now? is a situational comedy television show in the Philippines that was aired every Monday evenings by GMA Network replacing Lagot Ka, Isusumbong Kita.	Who's Your Daddy Now?	GMA Network
creator	Boy Bitten by a Lizard (Italian: Ragazzo morso da un ramarro) is a painting by the Italian Baroque painter Caravaggio.	Boy Bitten by a Lizard	Caravaggio
creator	The Gabby Hayes Show is a general purpose western television series in which the film star and Roy Rogers confidant, George ``Gabby'' Hayes (1885--1969), narrated each episode, showed clips from old westerns, or told tall tales for a primarily children's audience.	The Gabby Hayes Show	George ``Gabby'' Hayes
creator	Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist is an American animated series that originally ran on Comedy Central from May 28, 1995 to December 24, 1999, with a final set of three shelved episodes airing in 2002, starring Jonathan Katz, Jon Benjamin, and Laura Silverman.	Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist	Jonathan Katz
creator	A Goldsmith in His Shop, Possibly Saint Eligius is a 1449 painting by Petrus Christus, now in the Metropolitan Museum of Art.	A Goldsmith in His Shop, Possibly Saint Eligius	Petrus Christus
creator	Bear in the Big Blue House is an American children's television series created by Mitchell Kriegman and produced by Jim Henson Television for Disney Channel's Playhouse Disney preschool television block.	Bear in the Big Blue House	Mitchell Kriegman
creator	Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne (French: Les patineurs à Longchamp) is an oil-on-canvas landscape painting by the French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir, created during the winter of 1868.	Skaters in the Bois de Boulogne	Pierre-Auguste Renoir
creator	The Brady Bunch is an American sitcom created by Sherwood Schwartz that originally aired from September 26, 1969, to March 8, 1974, on ABC.	The Brady Bunch	Sherwood Schwartz
creator	The Barcelona Series is a series of fifty black and white lithographs made by Joan Miró and published in 1944.	Barcelona Series	Joan Miró
creator	Hand with Reflecting Sphere also known as Self-Portrait in Spherical Mirror is a lithograph print by Dutch artist M. C. Escher, first printed in January 1935.	Hand with Reflecting Sphere	M. C. Escher
creator	Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette (Dutch: Kop van een skelet met brandende sigaret) is an early work by Vincent van Gogh.	Skull of a Skeleton with Burning Cigarette	Vincent van Gogh
creator	Isabella and the Pot of Basil is a painting completed in 1868 by William Holman Hunt depicting a scene from John Keats's poem Isabella, or the Pot of Basil.	Isabella and the Pot of Basil	William Holman Hunt
creator	East Gate/West Gate, a public sculpture by Sasson Soffer, is located on the Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis campus, which is near downtown Indianapolis, Indiana.	East Gate/West Gate	Sasson Soffer
creator	The Beaune Altarpiece (c. 1445--50), often called The Last Judgement, is a large polyptych altarpiece by the Flemish artist Rogier van der Weyden.	Beaune Altarpiece	Rogier van der Weyden
creator	A spin-off called The Lab with Leo Laporte aired much of the same content as Call for Help and ran on the same networks.	Call for Help	Leo Laporte
creator	Card Sharks is an American television game show created by Chester Feldman for Mark Goodson-Bill Todman Productions.	Card Sharks	Chester Feldman
creator	Apparatus and Hand is a 1927 painting by Salvador Dalí.	Apparatus and Hand	Salvador Dalí
creator	Dark Sky Paradise is the third studio album by American hip hop recording artist Big Sean.	Dark Sky Paradise	Big Sean
creator	Lady Lilith is an oil painting by Dante Gabriel Rossetti first painted in 1866--68 using his mistress Fanny Cornforth as the model, then altered in 1872--73 to show the face of Alexa Wilding.	Lady Lilith	Dante Gabriel Rossetti
creator	Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip is an American comedy-drama television series created and primarily written by Aaron Sorkin.	Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip	Aaron Sorkin
creator	The Cornell Farm (1848) is an oil on canvas landscape by Edward Hicks.	The Cornell Farm	Edward Hicks
creator	The Expulsion from the Garden of Eden (Italian: Cacciata dei progenitori dall'Eden) is a fresco by the Italian Early Renaissance artist Masaccio.	Expulsion from the Garden of Eden	Masaccio
date of birth	Zubair Hoque (Bengali: জুবায়ের হক; born 18 July 1996) is an English racing driver.	Zubair Hoque	18 July 1996
date of birth	Zeke Steggall (born 1971) is a former Australian Olympic snowboarder.	Zeke Steggall	1971
date of birth	Vincenzo Comneno (Vicencius Comnenus or Vićenc Komnen) (1590--1667) was a musician and madrigal composer of the Renaissance and early Baroque from the Republic of Ragusa.	Vincenzo Comneno	1590
date of birth	Mark Jonathan Harris (born 1941) is an American documentary filmmaker probably best known for his films Into the Arms of Strangers:	Mark Jonathan Harris	1941
date of birth	Joseph Maddrey (born 1979) is an American author and screenwriter known for writing and producing the documentary Nightmares in Red, White and Blue:	Joseph Maddrey	1979
date of birth	Volodymyr Shekhovtsov (Ukrainian: Володи́мир Ві́кторович Шеховцо́в; born 3 December 1963 in USSR) is a retired Ukrainian football (soccer) player and current an Ukrainian professional football coach.	Volodymyr Shekhovtsov	3 December 1963
date of birth	The Honourable Charles Thomas Mills (13 March 1887 -- 6 October 1915) was Conservative MP for the Uxbridge Division of Middlesex elected in 1910.	Charles Thomas Mills	13 March 1887
date of birth	Søren Kjeldsen (born 17 May 1975) is a Danish golfer who plays on the European Tour.	Søren Kjeldsen	17 May 1975
date of birth	Radivoj Lazić (Kikinda 1 August 1953) is a musician, clarinettist, pedagogue, composer, painter and children's writer.	Radivoj Lazić	1 August 1953
date of birth	Élie Domota (born in 1963) is a trade union leader from Guadeloupe, spokesman of Liyannaj Kont Pwofitasyon or LKP (`` Movement against exploitation '' in creole) and general secretary of the UGTG, the main trade union in Guadeloupe.	Élie Domota	1963
date of birth	Lao She was born Shu Qingchun (舒慶春) on 3 February 1899 in Beijing, to a poor Manchu family of the Sumuru clan belonging to the Red Banner.	Lao She	3 February 1899
date of birth	Clara Lucila Campos Marcial (born 16 August 1938 in Lima), is a Peruvian singer known as ``la Morena Espectáculo'' and ``Reina de las Polladas''.	Lucila Campos	16 August 1938
date of birth	John Rawlings (1912-1970) was a Condé Nast Publications fashion photographer from the 1930s through the 1960s.	John Rawlings	1912
date of birth	Blake Caparello (born 30 August 1986) is an Australian Light Heavyweight professional boxer.	Blake Caparello	30 August 1986
date of birth	Ronan Harris (born 14 June 1967) is a member of the act VNV Nation, along with Mark Jackson.	Ronan Harris	14 June 1967
date of birth	Izchak Miller (1935 -- April 1, 1994) was a philosopher and author, known, among other things, for his books on Edmund Husserl and his contributions to Husserlian phenomenology.	Izchak Miller	1935
date of birth	Adeline de Monseignat (born 1987, Monaco) is a Dutch-Monegasque visual artist who lives and works in London.	Adeline de Monseignat	1987
date of birth	Peter Ayesu (born 1 June 1962) is a former Malawian flyweight boxer.	Peter Ayesu	1 June 1962
date of birth	Kanagaratnam Sriskandan (12 August 1930 - 21 April 2010) was a Sri Lankan born British engineer and civil servant.	Kanagaratnam Sriskandan	12 August 1930
date of birth	Azamat Ishenbayev (born on 19 June 1978) is a former Kyrgyzstani footballer who played for Dordoi-Dynamo Naryn.	Azamat Ishenbayev	19 June 1978
date of birth	Malcolm Sayer (21 May 1916 -- 22 April 1970) was an aircraft and car designer.	Malcolm Sayer	21 May 1916
date of birth	William Chetcuti (born 7 January 1985) is a Maltese sport shooter who specializes in the double trap.	William Chetcuti	7 January 1985
date of birth	Alexander Turnquist (born 1988 in Idaho) is an American guitarist and composer.	Alexander Turnquist	1988
date of birth	Niels-Erik Andreasen (born 1941) is professor of Old Testament studies at the Seventh-day Adventist Theological Seminary and president of Andrews University, Berrien Springs, Michigan.	Niels-Erik Andreasen	1941
date of birth	Anna Rubin (born 1946) is an American composer of electroacoustic and instrumental music.	Anna Rubin	1946
date of birth	Nick Meers (born 1955) is a British landscape photographer and is the co-author of many published books that include his photography.	Nick Meers	1955
date of birth	Ruqaiya Hasan (1931 -- 24 June 2015) was a professor of linguistics who taught and held visiting positions at various universities in England.	Ruqaiya Hasan	1931
date of birth	Ryoki Inoue (born José Carlos Ryoki de Alpoim Inoue on 22 July 1946) is a Brazilian writer, acknowledged by the Guinness World Records as world's most prolific writer: since he began his career in 1986, he had 1075 books published -- under his own name or 39 pseudonyms.	Ryoki Inoue	22 July 1946
date of birth	Tsvetan Yonchev (Bulgarian: Цветан Йончев; born 15 February 1956) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a winger, and a current manager of Minyor Chicago in United States.	Tsvetan Yonchev	15 February 1956
date of birth	Sir Howard William Kennard GCMG, CVO (23 March 1878 -- 12 November 1955) was a British diplomat, Chargé d'Affaires, and British Ambassador to Poland at the outbreak of the Second World War on 3 September 1939 and to Polish government-in-exile until 1941.	Howard William Kennard	23 March 1878
date of birth	Simon Morriss (born 21 August 1985 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian pitcher for the Brisbane Bandits.	Simon Morriss	21 August 1985
date of birth	Carl Fredrik Christoffer Schander (21 May 1960 -- 21 February 2012) was a professor in marine biology at the University of Bergen, Norway.	Christoffer Schander	1960
date of birth	Li Xiuping (Chinese: 李修平; pinyin: Lǐ Xiūpíng; born 16 February 1963) is a Chinese news anchor for China Central Television, the main state announcer of China.	Li Xiuping	16 February 1963
date of birth	Gary K. Hart (born 1943) is an American politician and education activist in southern California.	Gary K. Hart	1943
date of birth	Pete Snodden (born Peter Scott Snodden, 11 June 1980) is a radio host on Cool FM from Bangor, Northern Ireland.	Pete Snodden	11 June 1980
date of birth	Jacob Berthelsen (born 4 July 1986) is a Danish professional football player, who currently plays for Danish 1st Division side AC Horsens.	Jacob Berthelsen	4 July 1986
date of birth	Giovanni Battista Audiffredi (2 February 1714 -- 4 July 1794) was an Italian Dominican scholar and scientist.	Giovanni Battista Audiffredi	2 February 1714
date of birth	Ibrahim Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum (born 1954) served as the Iraqi Minister of Oil from May 2005 until December 2005, while he was a member of the Islamic Virtue Party.	Ibrahim Mohammad Bahr al-Ulloum	1954
date of birth	Joseph Ignatius Constantine Clarke (31 July 1846 -- 27 February 1927) was an Irish American newspaperman, poet, playwright, writer and Irish nationalist.	Joseph Ignatius Constantine Clarke	31 July 1846
date of birth	Elaine E. Bucklo (born 1944) is a United States federal judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois.	Elaine E. Bucklo	1944
date of birth	Timothy Insoll (born 1967) is a British archaeologist and academic.	Timothy Insoll	1967
date of birth	Gabriela Babnik (born 1979) is a Slovene writer, literary critic and translator.	Gabriela Babnik	1979
date of birth	Narciso García-Loygorri y Rizo (5 December 1837 -- 29 October 1905), the second Duke of Vistahermosa, mayor of Madrid for 50 days in 1890.	Narciso García-Loygorri	5 December 1837
date of birth	Tania Modra, OAM (born 14 January 1975) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cycling pilot.	Tania Modra	14 January 1975
date of birth	Enea Bossi, Sr. (29 March 1888 -- 1963) was an Italian-American aerospace engineer and aviation pioneer.	Enea Bossi, Sr.	29 March 1888
date of birth	Elsy del Pilar Cuello Calderón (born in Bogotá, 13 June 1959) is a Supreme Court Judge from the Corte Suprema de Justicia of Colombia.	Elsy del Pilar Cuello	13 June 1959
date of birth	Lilatai Pradkar (born February 1925 in Madhya Pradesh, India) is an Indian social reformer who is fighting for education of tribal women and empowerment.	Lilatai Pradkar	February 1925
date of birth	Susie Power-Reeves (born 26 March 1975) is an Australian middle- and long-distance runner.	Susie Power-Reeves	26 March 1975
date of birth	Giannis Vogiatzis (Greek: Γιάννης Βογιατζής; born 1926) is a Greek actor.	Giannis Vogiatzis	1926
date of birth	Karl Heinrich Barth (12 July 1847 -- 23 December 1922) was a noted German pianist and pedagogue.	Karl Heinrich Barth	12 July 1847
date of birth	Wesley Morris (born December 19, 1975) is an American journalist and Critic at Large for the New York Times.	Wesley Morris	1975
date of birth	Owen Brannigan OBE (10 March 1908 -- 9 May 1973) was an English bass, known in opera for buffo roles and in concert for a wide range of solo parts in music ranging from Henry Purcell to Michael Tippett.	Owen Brannigan	10 March 1908
date of birth	Huib Ruijgrok (born 26 April 1944) is a Dutch former football coach.	Huib Ruijgrok	26 April 1944
date of birth	Reginald Ernest Moreau, (29 May 1897 -- 30 May 1970), was an English civil servant who worked as an accountant in Africa and later contributed to ornithology.	Reginald Ernest Moreau	29 May 1897
date of birth	Seamus Metress (born 1933) is a professor of anthropology at the University of Toledo, Ohio.	Seamus Metress	1933
date of birth	Shapoor Zadran (Pashto: شاهپور ځدراڼ‎; born 7 March 1985) is an Afghan cricketer.	Shapoor Zadran	7 March 1985
date of birth	Morton Povman (born 1931) was a Democratic New York City Councilman representing the 15th District and later the 24th District of Queens, which includes Forest Hills, Rego Park, Kew Gardens, Briarwood, Kew Gardens Hills and Fresh Meadows.	Morton Povman	1931
date of birth	Tine Mena (Hindi: तिने मिने; born 17 September 1986) is an Indian mountaineer, who on 9 May 2011 became the first Northeast India & Arunachalee woman to reach the Mount Everest.	Tine Mena	17 September 1986
date of birth	Jazmín Beccar Varela (born 28 April 1986) is an Argentine actress, probably best known as in Luján Linares in television series Rebelde Way.	Jazmín Beccar Varela	28 April 1986
date of birth	George Michael Moser RA (17 January 1706 -- 24 January 1783) was a renowned artist and enameller of the 18th century, father of celebrated floral painter Mary Moser, and, with his daughter, among the founder members of the Royal Academy in 1768.	George Michael Moser	17 January 1706
date of birth	Francisco Acebras Hochstrasse is a Mexican race car driver born in 1976.	Francisco Acebras Hochstrasse	1976
date of birth	Klaus Leidorf (born 5 June 1956) is a German aerial archaeologist.	Klaus Leidorf	5 June 1956
date of birth	Salkhan Murmu (born 2 June, 1952) is a socio-political activist working for the Tribal Empowerment in 5 states (Jharkhand, Bihar, West Bengal, Assom, Odisha).	Salkhan Murmu	2 June, 1952
date of birth	Gundelina (or Gundlinda) (c. 692 -- c. 740), abbess, she was the third daughter of Duke Adalbert of Alsace and his first wife Gerlinda.	Gundelina	692
date of birth	Andre Mijatović (born 3 December 1979) is a retired Croatian footballer who last played for FC Ingolstadt 04 in the Bundesliga.	Andre Mijatović	3 December 1979
date of birth	António Pedro dos Santos Simões (born 12 March 1975) is a Portuguese banking executive.	António Pedro dos Santos Simões	12 March 1975
date of birth	John Hornby (1880--1927) was an English explorer, best known for his expeditions in the Arctic region, notably in the ``barren lands'' in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	John Hornby	1880
date of birth	Richard John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan (born 18 December 1934), commonly known as Lord Lucan, was a British peer suspected of murder who disappeared in 1974.	John Bingham, 7th Earl of Lucan	18 December 1934
date of birth	Francis Dobbs (1750--1811) was an Irish barrister, politician and writer on political, religious and historical topics.	Francis Dobbs	1750
date of birth	Herbert Levine (1916 - August 8, 1991) was an American fashion executive active from the 1940s through the 1970s.	Herbert Levine	1916
date of birth	Gary Yia Lee (born Lee Yia, 1949) is a Hmong anthropologist and author based in Australia.	Gary Yia Lee	1949
date of birth	James Moeller (born 1933) is an American lawyer and jurist who served as a member of the Arizona Supreme Court for eleven years from 1987 to 1998.	James Moeller	1933
date of birth	Firooz Zahedi (born 1949) is an American photographer of Iranian descent.	Firooz Zahedi	1949
date of birth	Iosyf Shumliansky (Ukrainian: Йосиф Шумлянський) (1643--1708) was a Polish bishop in Lviv (at the time a Polish city), best known for restoring unity with the Holy See in 1700.	Iosyf Shumliansky	1643
date of birth	Édouard Dunglas (1891--1952) was a French physician, historian, geographer, and politician who spent a majority of his life in Dahomey (now Benin).	Édouard Dunglas	1891
date of birth	Seth Waring (4 November 1838 -- 17 April 1919) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1870.	Seth Waring	4 November 1838
date of birth	Johannes Vasaeus (1511--21 October 1561) was a Flemish humanist, teacher and historian, who spent his working life in Spain and Portugal.	Johannes Vasaeus	1511
date of birth	Benjamin Pwee Yek Kwan (Chinese: 方月光; pinyin: Fāng Yuèguāng; born 1968) is a Singaporean politician.	Benjamin Pwee	1968
date of birth	Charles L. Peterson is an American artist born in 1927 who is primarily known for his mastery of watercolor paintings (The Memories Collection) and for prestigious maritime artwork (The Maritime Collection).	Charles L. Peterson	1927
date of birth	Andriy Savenets Mykolayovych (5 September 1977, Cornyn, Zhytomyr) is Ukrainian poet, translator, literary critic, Associate Professor of Humanities and Economic Academy (Lodz, Poland).	Andriy Savenets Mykolayovych	5 September 1977
date of birth	Lana Hutton Bowen-Judd (7 March 1922 -- 1985) was a British mystery writer, better known under her pseudonym Sara Woods, but using also the pen names of Anne Burton, Mary Challis, and Margaret Leek.	Sara Woods	7 March 1922
date of birth	Djo Issama Mpeko (born 3 March 1986) is DR Congolese football player.	Issama Mpeko	3 March 1986
date of birth	Margot Wittkower (1902 -- July 3, 1995) née Margot Holzmann, was a German-American Interior designer and art historian specializing in neo-Palladian architecture and Italian Renaissance and Baroque period.	Margot Wittkower	1902
date of birth	David Rhys Williams (1890 -- March 28, 1970) was an American Congregational and Unitarian minister who wrote a Marlovian book called Shakespeare Thy Name Is Marlowe.	David Rhys Williams	1890
date of birth	Atilla Sertel (born 23 July 1956) is a Turkish politician and journalist from the Republican People's Party (CHP) who has served as a Member of Parliament for İzmir's second electoral district since the November 2015 general election.	Atilla Sertel	23 July 1956
date of birth	Helen Masters (born 10 April 1963) is an English actress who has appeared on stage, film and TV.	Helen Masters	10 April 1963
date of birth	Sir Robert Prescott Stewart (16 December 1825 -- 24 March 1894) was an Irish composer, organist, conductor, and teacher -- one of the most influential (classical) musicians in 19th-century Ireland.	Robert Prescott Stewart	16 December 1825
date of birth	Song Puxuan (Chinese: 宋普选; born March 1954) is a general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Song Puxuan	March 1954
date of birth	Sohail Tanvir (Urdu : سہیل تنویر, born 12 December 1984 in Rawalpindi, Punjab) is a Pakistani cricketer, who has gained repute for his unorthodox left arm bowling action and particularly for the success it has gained him in the Twenty20 format of the game.	Sohail Tanvir	12 December 1984
date of birth	Gallus Dressler (16 October 1533 -- 1580/9) was a German composer and music theorist who served as Kantor in the church school at Magdeburg.	Gallus Dressler	16 October 1533
date of birth	Chief Michael Botmang (1938 -- 18 January 2014) was a Nigerian politician.	Michael Botmang	1938
date of birth	Dave Janusko (born 8 September 1965 in Ravenna, Ohio) is a BMI Award-winning songwriter, musician, producer, DJ, and remixer.	Dave Janusko	8 September 1965
date of birth	John Adrian Bondy, (Born 1944) a dual British and Canadian citizen, was a professor of graph theory at the University of Waterloo, in Canada.	John Adrian Bondy	1944
date of birth	Kay Kay Menon (born 2 October 1966) is an Indian film, stage and television actor who works predominantly in Hindi cinema.	Kay Kay Menon	2 October 1966
date of birth	Samara Weaving (born 23 February 1992) is an Australian actress and model known for her role as Kirsten Mulroney in the Australian-produced BBC TV series Out Of The Blue and also for playing Indi Walker on soap opera Home and Away.	Samara Weaving	23 February 1992
date of birth	Gaël Leforestier (born on 28 May 1975) is a French television host.	Gaël Leforestier	28 May 1975
date of birth	Eric Hjorleifson (born 14 March 1983) is a professional freeskier.	Eric Hjorleifson	14 March 1983
date of birth	Séamus Cunningham (born 7 July 1942) is an Irish born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church in England.	Séamus Cunningham	7 July 1942
date of birth	Xyza Cruz Bacani (born 1987) is a Filipina street photographer.	Xyza Cruz Bacani	1987
date of birth	Helen Hajnoczky (born 1985) is a visual poet, who currently resides in Calgary, Canada.	Helen Hajnoczky	1985
date of birth	Georgios Skoutarides (Greek: Γεώργιος Σκουταρίδης) (1885 -- 1962) was a Greek athlete.	Georgios Skoutarides	1885
date of birth	Ilie Bărbulescu (born 24 June 1957 in Piteşti) is a Romanian former football player, who was a member of Steaua Bucureşti's winning squad for the European Cup in 1986 and for the European Supercup in 1987.	Ilie Bărbulescu	24 June 1957
date of birth	Raymond E. Joslin (c. 1936 -- August 2, 2013) was an American businessman and cable executive.	Raymond E. Joslin	1936
date of birth	Julius Francis (born 8 December 1964) is a former British Heavyweight champion boxer who participated in many noteworthy boxing matches in the 1990s and 2000s.	Julius Francis	8 December 1964
date of birth	Chelsea Halfpenny (born 26 September 1991) is an English actress, best known for her role in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale, as Amy Wyatt and as Alicia Munroe in BBC medical drama Casualty.	Chelsea Halfpenny	26 September 1991
date of birth	Santiago Cabrera (born 5 May 1978) is a Venezuelan-born Chilean-British actor, most known for his roles as the character Isaac Mendez in the television series Heroes and as Lancelot in the BBC drama series Merlin.	Santiago Cabrera	5 May 1978
date of birth	Rachel Rabin (born 1983) also known by her stagename Raign (stylised as RAIGN), is a British singer-songwriter and vocal producer.	RAIGN	1983
date of birth	Yao Nai (姚鼐, pinyin: Yáo Nài, 1731 -- 1815) was a well-known scholar of the Qing Dynasty.	Yao Nai	1731
date of birth	Xu Lin (born September 1954) is vice-minister-level official of the People's Republic of China, serving on the State Council.	Xu Lin	September 1954
date of birth	Jos Vaessen (born 21 March 1944) was president of the football team KRC Genk from 2001 until 2006 and founder of the company Vasco.	Jos Vaessen	21 March 1944
date of birth	Claude Barzotti (born 23 July 1953 as Francesco Barzotti) is a Belgian singer of Italian origin of the 1980s.	Claude Barzotti	23 July 1953
date of birth	Francis A. Marzen (March 14, 1925 -- July 19, 2004) was a priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Honolulu, former editor of the Hawaii Catholic Herald and an information specialist for the City & County of Honolulu in the administration of Mayor Frank Fasi.	Francis A. Marzen	1925
date of birth	Ana Cláudia Lemos Silva (Brazilian Portuguese: (ˈanɐ ˈklawdʒɐ ˈlɛmus); born 6 November 1988) is a Brazilian track and field athlete who competes in sprinting events.	Ana Cláudia Lemos	6 November 1988
date of birth	Mac Wellman (born 1945) is an American playwright, author, and poet.	Mac Wellman	1945
date of birth	Charles Daulphin (born 15 September 1936, in Bermuda) is a former Bermudian cricketer.	Charles Daulphin	15 September 1936
date of birth	Frederick Christian Palmer (East Stonehouse, Plymouth 1866 − Hungerford 1941; fl.1892--1935), known professionally as Fred C. Palmer, was the main public photographer of Herne Bay, Kent in the early years of the 20th century, working from Tower Studio.	Frederick Christian Palmer	1866
date of birth	Seyyed Ali Hosseini (Persian: سیدعلی حسینی‎‎; born 2 March 1988) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Persian Gulf Pro League.	Ali Hosseini	2 March 1988
date of birth	Sir Robert James Clayton CBE, (30 October 1915, Fulham, London -- 20 June 1998, Brent, Middlesex, UK) electronics engineer, was notable in the area of defense and industrial electronics.	Robert James Clayton	30 October 1915
date of birth	Abdul Aziz Deen-Conteh (born 14 January 1993) is a Sierra Leonean professional footballer who plays as a left back; he is without a club after leaving Port Vale in January 2016.	Aziz Deen-Conteh	14 January 1993
date of birth	Kevin van Diermen (born 3 July 1989 in Spakenburg) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for NAC Breda, on loan from Excelsior, in the Eredivisie.	Kevin van Diermen	3 July 1989
date of birth	Martin O'Doherty (born 1952) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a full--back for the Cork senior team.	Martin O'Doherty	1952
date of birth	James Dillet Freeman (1912 -- April 9, 2003) was a poet and a minister of the Unity Church, a New Thought denomination.	James Dillet Freeman	1912
date of birth	Johannes Buns (before 1640 -- after 1667), was a Dutch Golden Age painter.	Johannes Buns	1640
date of birth	Giorgi Eristavi (Georgian: გიორგი ერისთავი) (1813 -- September 9, 1864) was a Georgian playwright, poet, journalist, and the founder of modern Georgian theatre.	Giorgi Eristavi	1813
date of birth	Carmen Jordá Buades (born 28 May 1988) is a Spanish race car driver, who is currently a development driver for the Renault F1 Team.	Carmen Jordá	28 May 1988
date of birth	Julia Watson (born 13 September 1953) is a British actress known for playing Baz in the BBC medical drama Casualty in 1986, 1995--98 and again from 2003 to 2004.	Julia Watson	13 September 1953
date of birth	Lydia Aran (October 1921 -- March 5, 2013 in Jerusalem), a professor emerita at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, is a scholar of Buddhism.	Lydia Aran	October 1921
date of birth	Lourdes Cirlot Valenzuela (born 1949) is an art theorist, art historian and researcher, whose work highlights diverse aspects of 20th and 21st century art. She has published books about Avant-garde art and numerous papers in journals and anthologies.	Lourdes Cirlot	1949
date of birth	Ernst Johann Eitel or alternatively Ernest John Eitel (13 February 1838 -- 10 November 1908) was a German Protestant missionary to China born in Württemberg, Germany.	Ernst Johann Eitel	13 February 1838
date of birth	Nicholas Graham (born 1958) is a Canadian businessman and entrepreneur, originally from Calgary, Alberta.	Nicholas Graham	1958
date of birth	Kate Brookes-Peterson (born 14 May 1984 in Kawakawa, New Zealand) is an Australian open water swimmer.	Kate Brookes-Peterson	14 May 1984
date of birth	Nalden (born as Ronald Hans, in 1984) is a popular Dutch blogger and entrepreneur.	Nalden	1984
date of birth	Jeff Shield (1953--2009) was an Australian professional rugby league player for the Balmain Tigers and North Sydney Bears in the Australian NSWRL competition.	Jeff Shield	1953
date of birth	Honor Fraser (born 18 December 1974) is a Scottish art dealer in California and a former fashion model.	Honor Fraser	18 December 1974
date of birth	Ross Pearson (born 26 September 1984) is an English mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the UFC.	Ross Pearson	26 September 1984
date of birth	Sami Mustonen (born 6 April 1977 in Kemijärvi) is a Finnish freestyle skier and Olympic medalist.	Sami Mustonen	6 April 1977
date of birth	Buchtar Tabuni (born 1979) is a Papuan independence activist, leader of the National Committee for West Papua (Komite Nasional Papua Barat, KNPB).	Buchtar Tabuni	1979
date of birth	Shalom Arush (Hebrew: שלום ארוש‎; born 15 April 1952) is an Israeli Breslov rabbi and founder of the Chut Shel Chessed Institutions.	Shalom Arush	15 April 1952
date of birth	Kirsty Pealling (born 14 April 1975) is a former footballer who spent her entire club career with Arsenal Ladies.	Kirsty Pealling	14 April 1975
date of birth	Neil Andrew Horsfall (born 29 April 1981), better known by the ring name Neil Faith, is a semi-retired English professional wrestler.	Neil Faith	29 April 1981
date of birth	Charles Chatman (born 1961) served 26 years in prison due to a wrongful conviction.	Charles Chatman	1961
date of birth	Hafdís Huld Þrastardóttir (born 22 May 1979), known simply as Hafdís Huld, is an Icelandic singer and actress.	Hafdís Huld	22 May 1979
date of birth	Dude Harlino (born 2 December 1980), also spelled Dude Herlino, is an Indonesian actor.	Dude Harlino	2 December 1980
date of birth	Gabriel Prokofiev (born 1975, London, UK) is a London-based composer, producer, and founder of the NONCLASSICAL record label and club night.	Gabriel Prokofiev	1975
date of birth	Bai Xueshan (Chinese: 白雪山; born May 1961) is a former Chinese politician.	Bai Xueshan	May 1961
date of birth	Nello Sforacchi (born 9 April 1922) was an Italian racing cyclist.	Nello Sforacchi	9 April 1922
date of birth	Jan Økern (born 8 May 1952) is a Norwegian marketer and consultant.	Jan Økern	8 May 1952
date of birth	Gabriel de Foigny (ca. 1630-1692) is the author of an important utopia, La Terre Australe connue, 1676.	Gabriel de Foigny	1630
date of birth	Kieran MacDonald (born 21 July 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Airdrieonians as a left back or midfielder.	Kieran MacDonald	21 July 1993
date of birth	Kirk Ugle (born 6 May 1992) is an Australian rules footballer for the Swan Districts Football Club in the West Australian Football League.	Kirk Ugle	6 May 1992
date of birth	Louis Darragon (6 February 1883 -- 28 April 1918) was a French professional cyclist who won the UCI Motor-paced World Championships in 1906 and 1907 and finished in second place in 1909 and 1911.	Louis Darragon	6 February 1883
date of birth	Emilio Comte (born 15 January 1941) is an Argentine film actor active between 1950 at today.	Emilio Comte	15 January 1941
date of birth	Yeung Po-kwan, OBE, CPM JP (born 1939, Hong Kong) is a school principal and politician in Hong Kong.	Yeung Po-kwan	1939
date of birth	Allen Mendler is an American author and educator born on October 21, 1949 in Middle Village, Queens New York.	Allen Mendler	1949
date of birth	Richard Lionel Spittel, CMG, CBE, FRCS (commonly known as Dr. R. L. Spittel) (9 December 1881 -- 3 September 1969) was a Ceylonese Burgher physician and author.	Richard Lionel Spittel	9 December 1881
date of birth	Stefan Guzy (born 1980) is a German poster artist living in Berlin.	Stefan Guzy	1980
date of birth	Macario De Souza (born 14 June 1983) is an Australian filmmaker.	Macario De Souza	14 June 1983
date of birth	Hugues de Payens or Payns (c. 1070 -- 24 May 1136) was the co-founder and first Grand Master of the Knights Templar.	Hugues de Payens	1070
date of birth	Carola Roloff (born 1959 in Holzminden, Germany) is a German Buddhist nun.	Carola Roloff	1959
date of birth	David Larter (born John David Frederick Larter, 24 April 1940, Inverness, Scotland) is a former Scottish cricketer, who played in ten Tests for England from 1962 to 1965.	David Larter	24 April 1940
date of birth	Urbano Cairo (born 21 May 1957) is an Italian businessman and chairman of Torino football club.	Urbano Cairo	21 May 1957
date of birth	Omri Amrany (born 23 May 1954) is an Israeli-American best known as a sculptor and painter, though also accomplished as an architectural innovator and wall tapestry artist.	Omri Amrany	23 May 1954
date of birth	Tom Sukanen, born in 1878 as Tomi Jaanus Alankola, was a Finnish-born sailor, farmer and Canadian.	Tom Sukanen	1878
date of birth	Nancy R. Howell (b. ca. 1955) is an American educator.	Nancy R. Howell	1955
date of birth	Ezekiel Alebua PC (born 1947) was the third Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands from 1 December 1986 - 28 March 1989.	Ezekiel Alebua	1947
date of birth	Arthur H. McCollum (4 August 1898 - 5 April 1964) was an American Naval Officer as well as a key member of the Intelligence agency in the Southwest Pacific.	Arthur H. McCollum	1898
date of birth	Stuart Nicol (born 30 September 1966) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1980s.	Stuart Nicol	30 September 1966
date of birth	Rodrigo Bernal González(born 1959) is a Colombian botanist who specialises in the palm family.	Rodrigo Bernal	1959
date of birth	Francis J. Bradley (born 15 January 1926) is an American health physicist, writer and founding member of the Health Physics Society	Francis J. Bradley	15 January 1926
date of birth	Diomedes Díaz Maestre (26 May 1957 -- 22 December 2013) was a Colombian vallenato singer, songwriter, and composer.	Diomedes Díaz	26 May 1957
date of birth	Hifumi Shimoyama (Japanese: 下山一二三 Shimoyama Hifumi; born 21 June 1930 in Hirosaki, Aomori Prefecture) is a Japanese composer of contemporary concert music.	Hifumi Shimoyama	21 June 1930
date of birth	Natasha Seatter (born 7 March 1993 in Miri, Sarawak) is a Malaysian racing driver	Natasha Seatter	7 March 1993
date of birth	Scott Askham (born 25 May 1988) is an English mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Scott Askham	25 May 1988
date of birth	Andrew Overtoom (born c. 1962) is an American animation director, screenwriter and cinematographer best known for his work on the Nickelodeon animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants for which he was nominated for the Emmy Awards in 2004, 2007 and 2011.	Andrew Overtoom	1962
date of birth	Niloufar Ardalan (born 2 June 1985) is an Iranian football player currently playing for ``Zob Ahan Banovan''.	Niloufar Ardalan	2 June 1985
date of birth	Barbara Strozzi (also called Barbara Valle; baptised 6 August 1619 -- 11 November 1677) was an Italian Baroque singer and composer.	Barbara Strozzi	6 August 1619
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Vesey, 3rd Viscount de Vesci (21 September 1803 -- 23 December 1875), was an Irish peer and Conservative politician.	Thomas Vesey, 3rd Viscount de Vesci	21 September 1803
date of birth	Lucinda Fredericks (née Murray; born 28 September 1965) is an equestrian athlete who competes in eventing.	Lucinda Fredericks	28 September 1965
date of birth	Hein Frode Hansen (born 25 March 1972 in Haugesund) is a Norwegian heavy metal drummer.	Hein Frode Hansen	25 March 1972
date of birth	Aleksander Hall (born 20 May 1953 in Gdańsk) is a Polish conservative political thinker, scholar and retired politician.	Aleksander Hall	20 May 1953
date of birth	Svetlana Vukajlović (born 1960 in Belgrade) was the Director General of the Republic Institute for Health Insurance in the Republic of Serbia.	Svetlana Vukajlović	1960
date of birth	Titia de Lange (born 11 November 1955, in Rotterdam) is a professor of Cell Biology and Genetics at Rockefeller University.	Titia de Lange	11 November 1955
date of birth	Gustav Wegner (4 January 1903 -- 7 June 1942) was a German track and field athlete who competed in the pole vault and the decathlon.	Gustav Wegner	4 January 1903
date of birth	John Braxton Hicks (23 February 1823 -- 28 August 1897) was a 19th-century English doctor who specialised in obstetrics.	John Braxton Hicks	23 February 1823
date of birth	Richard S. Vosko (Born November 1943) is a liturgical design consultant and priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Albany who has overseen the redesign and renovation of numerous churches and cathedrals around the country.	Richard S. Vosko	1943
date of birth	Jila Almasi (Persian: ژیلا الماسی‎; born 15 July 1954) is an Iranian fencer.	Jila Almasi	15 July 1954
date of birth	Yaudet Burbara Canahuati, also known as Júnior Burbara (born 21 July 1971) is a Honduran politician from Palestinian origin.	Yaudet Burbara	21 July 1971
date of birth	Ranasinghe Hettiarachchige Tudor Edward Ranasinghe Gunasekara (known as Tudor Gunasekara) (Sinhala:ටියුඩර් ගුණසේකර) (born 23 January 1935) is a former Sri Lankan politician and diplomat.	Tudor Gunasekara	23 January 1935
date of birth	Liu Kwok Man (Chinese: 廖國文; Jyutping: liu6 gwok3 man4; born 1 July 1978) is a football referee from Hong Kong who has been a full international referee for FIFA.	Liu Kwok Man	1 July 1978
date of birth	Melanie Alvarez (born Melanie Hernandez Calumpad; born 5 January 1981), better known by her stage name Kyla, is a Filipino R&B singer-songwriter, occasional actress and presenter.	Kyla	5 January 1981
date of birth	Ridge Munsy (born 9 July 1989) is a Swiss-Congolese footballer currently playing for FC Thun in Switzerland.	Ridge Munsy	9 July 1989
date of birth	Luke Adamson (born 17 November 1987 in Lowton) is an English rugby league and rugby union footballer who currently plays for the Dewsbury Rams in the Kingstone Press Championship.	Luke Adamson	17 November 1987
date of birth	Kuldip Singh Dhillon, (b. 1950) often known by the anglicized first name ``Kolin'', is a wealthy Punjabi-born British property developer and polo player and official.	Kuldip Singh Dhillon	1950
date of birth	Andrew Jackson Zilker (1858--1934) was a political figure and philanthropist in Austin, Texas, after whom Zilker Park was named.	Andrew Jackson Zilker	1858
date of birth	Kade Snowden (born 31 December 1986) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of Italian descent currently playing for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League.	Kade Snowden	31 December 1986
date of birth	Luis del Castillo Estrada, S.J. (born 21 June 1931, in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan Roman Catholic cleric.	Luis del Castillo Estrada	21 June 1931
date of birth	Nestor Dmytriw (1863 -- May 27, 1925) was a Ukrainian Catholic priest, author and translator.	Nestor Dmytriw	1863
date of birth	Cyril Wong (born 27 June 1977) is a poet, fictionist and critic.	Cyril Wong	27 June 1977
date of birth	Arnold Tustin, (16 July 1899 -- 9 January 1994), was a British engineer, and Professor of Engineering at the University of Birmingham and at Imperial College London, who made important contributions to the development of control engineering and its application to electrical machines.	Arnold Tustin	16 July 1899
date of birth	John Ansley (1774 -- September 23, 1845) served as Lord Mayor of London from 1807 to 1808.	John Ansley	1774
date of birth	Chris Haskett (born 1962 in Washington, D.C.) is an American guitarist.	Chris Haskett	1962
date of birth	Amra-Faye Wright (born 22 August 1960) is a South African stage actress best known for portraying Velma Kelly in the musical Chicago, both on Broadway and in international tours.	Amra-Faye Wright	22 August 1960
date of birth	Tessa James (born 17 April 1991) is an Australian actress who is best known for the role of Nicole Franklin in the Australian soap opera Home and Away.	Tessa James	17 April 1991
date of birth	Paulo Costa Lima (born 1954, Salvador-Bahia) is a Brazilian composer and writer.	Paulo Costa Lima	1954
date of birth	Selwyn St. Bernard (born 30 July 1977) is a Trinidad and Tobago rugby union and rugby league footballer.	Selwyn St. Bernard	30 July 1977
date of birth	Dale Dickson (born 3 July 1962) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and the Brisbane Bears in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.	Dale Dickson	3 July 1962
date of birth	Muhammad Sharif (cosmologist) (Urdu: محمد شريف) (15 June 1962), TI, FPAS, is a Pakistani scientist, specialised in mathematical physics and cosmology.	Muhammad Sharif (cosmologist)	15 June 1962
date of birth	General David Sejusa (born 13 November 1954) (ne David Tinyefuza) decorated with the DAMU Medal and the Luweero Triangle Medal is a Ugandan lawyer, military officer and politician.	David Sejusa	13 November 1954
date of birth	Tamar Gozansky (Hebrew: תמר גוז'נסקי‎‎, also spelt Tamar Gozhansky; born 3 October 1940) is an Israeli politician.	Tamar Gozansky	3 October 1940
date of birth	Leonard Mudie (11 April 1883 -- 14 April 1965) was an English character actor whose career lasted for nearly fifty years.	Leonard Mudie	11 April 1883
date of birth	Cyril II of Jerusalem (original name Konstantinos Kritikos) was born in 1792 in the island of Samos.	Cyril II of Jerusalem	1792
date of birth	Ptolemy Dean (born 1968) is a British architect, television presenter and the 19th Surveyor of the Fabric of Westminster Abbey.	Ptolemy Dean	1968
date of birth	Collins Dauda (born 13 February 1957) is a teacher, politician, former Ghanaian Minister for Lands and Natural Resources and currently Minister of Water Resources, Works and Housing.	Collins Dauda	13 February 1957
date of birth	Vinod Khanna (born 6 October 1946) is an Indian actor and producer of Bollywood films.	Vinod Khanna	6 October 1946
date of birth	Emilio Vilà (1887--1967) was a Spanish artist and poster illustrator born in a small village in Catalonia called Llagostera.	Emilio Vilà	1887
date of birth	Anthony Martini (born 1979) is an American music manager at Crush Management.	Anthony Martini	1979
date of birth	Rounaq Jahan (born 1944) is a political scientists, feminist leader and author of Bangladesh.	Rounaq Jahan	1944
date of birth	Terry Heilbron (born c. 1952) is an English former football referee in the English Football League, who took charge of the 1999 Football League Cup Final.	Terry Heilbron	1952
date of birth	Miroslav Lehký (born 1947) is a Czech/Slovak human rights activist and civil servant, and the current Deputy Director (since 2007) and Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes.	Miroslav Lehký	1947
date of birth	Loreta Janeta Velázquez (June 26, 1842 -- c.1902), was a Cuban-born woman who claimed that she masqueraded as a male Confederate soldier during the American Civil War.	Loreta Janeta Velázquez	1842
date of birth	Pavel Dovgulevets (Russian: Павел Довгулевец: born 26 December 1977) is a retired Belarusian footballer.	Pavel Dovgulevets	26 December 1977
date of birth	Szilveszter E. Vizi (31 December 1936) is a Hungarian physician, neuroscientist, pharmacologist and university professor who served as President of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences between 2002 and 2008.	Szilveszter E. Vizi	31 December 1936
date of birth	Susanne Pumper (born 1 September 1970 in Vienna) is an Austrian long-distance runner who holds the national records in the 3000, 5000 and 10,000 metres track events as well as in the 10 km road racing distance.	Susanne Pumper	1 September 1970
date of birth	Miklós Palencsár (born 1977) is a Hungarian economist, business strategist, business mentor and international specialist since 2003.	Miklós Palencsár	1977
date of birth	Giorgio Chiellini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒordʒo kjelˈliːni); born 14 August 1984) is an Italian professional footballer who currently plays for Serie A club Juventus and the Italian national team.	Giorgio Chiellini	14 August 1984
date of birth	Khetag Gazyumov (born 24 April 1983) is an Azerbaijani freestyle wrestler of Ossetian origin.	Khetag Gazyumov	24 April 1983
date of birth	Franco Peppino, (born 16 June 1982 in Córdoba) is an Argentine football player who plays for Sarmiento of the Primera B Nacional in Argentine.	Franco Peppino	16 June 1982
date of birth	Michelle Dawson (born 1961) is an autism researcher who was diagnosed with autism in 1993-1994.	Michelle Dawson	1961
date of birth	Nedeljko Dragić (September 13, 1936 -- present) is a Croatian director, animator, cartoonist and illustrator.	Nedeljko Dragić	1936
date of birth	George Flett (10 February 1817 -- 28 October 1897) was a Presbyterian missionary in what is now Manitoba, Canada.	George Flett	10 February 1817
date of birth	Nicholas Farrell (born Nicholas Frost in 1955) is an English stage, film and television actor.	Nicholas Farrell	1955
date of birth	John Triggs (born 1976) was a British journalist and feature writer.	John Triggs	1976
date of birth	Geoff Walsham (born 10 June 1946 in Manchester) is an English scholar in the Social Study of Information Systems.	Geoff Walsham	10 June 1946
date of birth	Mohamed Noman Galal (Arabic: محمد نعمان جلال‎; born 1943) is a former Egyptian Ambassador and author.	Mohamed Noman Galal	1943
date of birth	Frans Baert (Grembergen, 25 November 1925) is Dutch-speaking belgian flemish lawyer and politician, former member of the Volksunie party, before joining the Sociaal-Liberale Partij.	Frans Baert	25 November 1925
date of birth	Velibor Kopunović (Serbian Cyrillic: Велибор Копуновић; born 25 November 1975) is a Serbian former footballer who played as a striker.	Velibor Kopunović	25 November 1975
date of birth	Daniel Gardner (1750 -- 8 July 1805) was a British painter, best known for his work as a portraitist.	Daniel Gardner	1750
date of birth	Jimmy Ray (born 3 October 1970, Walthamstow, London, England) is an English pop-rock musician.	Jimmy Ray	3 October 1970
date of birth	Jason Watt (born 24 February 1970) is a successful Danish racing driver.	Jason Watt	24 February 1970
date of birth	Li'l Rastus (born c. 1892, real name Ulysses Harrison) was a black youth who was adopted as a mascot by the Detroit Tigers baseball team.	Li'l Rastus	1892
date of birth	Asli Sungu (born 1975 Istanbul) is a German performance artist, and painter.	Asli Sungu	1975
date of birth	Verna Gaston (November 1950 -- September 16, 2005) was a Filipino actress who was first spotted by Doc Perez, top man of the then Sampaguita PIctures who convinced her to be a movie star.	Verna Gaston	November 1950
date of birth	Rostislav Krimer (born 25 April 1980) is a classical pianist and conductor.	Rostislav Krimer	25 April 1980
date of birth	Liu Yazhou (Chinese: 刘亚洲; born 19 October 1952) is a general of China's People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF), and the political commissar of the PLA National Defence University since September 2009.	Liu Yazhou	19 October 1952
date of birth	Francis Ward Monck (born 1842) was a British clergyman and spiritualist medium.	Francis Ward Monck	1842
date of birth	Randall Schmit (born 1955) is a contemporary American artist of Luxembourger and Dutch descent, working primarily in painting.	Randall Schmit	1955
date of birth	Shane Perkins (born 30 December 1986) is an Australian professional track cyclist.	Shane Perkins	30 December 1986
date of birth	Jennifer Kydd (born 1976) is a Canadian actress best known for her role as Paige Bradshaw in the Global Television series Falcon Beach.	Jennifer Kydd	1976
date of birth	Washington Roberto Mariano da Silva (born 19 June 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for northern Iraqi club Duhok SC.	Washington Roberto Mariano da Silva	19 June 1985
date of birth	Francis Manners, 6th Earl of Rutland, KG (1578--1632) was an English nobleman.	Francis Manners, 6th Earl of Rutland	1578
date of birth	Girolamo da Treviso (1508 -- September 10, 1544), also known as Girolamo di Tommaso da Treviso the Younger and Girolamo Trevigi, was an Italian Renaissance painter.	Girolamo da Treviso	1508
date of birth	Antoine Nduwayo (born 1942) was the Prime Minister of Burundi from February 22, 1995 until July 31, 1996.	Antoine Nduwayo	1942
date of birth	Lucía Medina Sánchez (born 28 August 1969) is an accountant and politician from the Dominican Republic.	Lucía Medina	28 August 1969
date of birth	Damon Reece (born 16 February 1967) is an English drummer, who has been a member of Spiritualized, Echo & the Bunnymen and Lupine Howl.	Damon Reece	16 February 1967
date of birth	Pádraig Amond (born 15 April 1988) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a striker or a winger for National League club Grimsby Town.	Pádraig Amond	15 April 1988
date of birth	John Bahen (born 4 October 1943) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL), playing 67 games between 1962--67.	John Bahen	4 October 1943
date of birth	Natalia Lipkovskaya (Russian: Наталья Викторовна Липковская, born 26 April 1979) is a Russian retired rhythmic gymnast.	Natalia Lipkovskaya	26 April 1979
date of birth	Richard Corney Grain (26 October 1844 -- 16 March 1895), known by his stage name Corney Grain, was an entertainer and songwriter of the late Victorian era.	Richard Corney Grain	26 October 1844
date of birth	Sarah Van Patten (born 1984 in Boston) is a principal dancer with the San Francisco Ballet.	Sarah Van Patten	1984
date of birth	Qurban Hussain, Baron Hussain (born 27 March 1956) is a Pakistani-British politician and life peer.	Qurban Hussain, Baron Hussain	27 March 1956
date of birth	Miroslav Krobot (born 12 November 1951) is a Czech theatre director and film actor.	Miroslav Krobot	12 November 1951
date of birth	Malcolm Hedding (born 1952) is a South African anti-apartheid activist, theologian, evangelical minister, and Executive Director of the International Christian Embassy in Jerusalem (ICEJ).	Malcolm Hedding	1952
date of birth	Donnaleigh Bailey (born 17 January 1983) is an English actress, known for playing Michelle Corrigan in the BBC soap opera Doctors.	Donnaleigh Bailey	17 January 1983
date of birth	Serhan Poçan (1970) is a Turkish mountaineer and a summiter of Mount Everest.	Serhan Poçan	1970
date of birth	Bridget Flannery (born 1959) is an Irish painter working in abstract painting.	Bridget Flannery	1959
date of birth	Louis Capone (1896 -- March 4, 1944) was a New York organized crime figure who became a supervisor for Murder, Inc. Louis Capone was not related to Al Capone, the boss of the Chicago Outfit.	Louis Capone	1896
date of birth	Fatih Yiğituşağı (born 23 November 1983) is a professional Turkish footballer who is currerntly playing for BSV Hürtürkel.	Fatih Yiğituşağı	23 November 1983
date of birth	Leonie Sandercock (born 1949) is an urban planner and academic focusing on community planning and multiculturalism.	Leonie Sandercock	1949
date of birth	Ignatius Jones (born Juan Ignacio Trápaga in 1957, Singalong, Manila, Philippines) is an Australian events director, journalist, actor and previously fronted the shock rock band Jimmy and the Boys.	Ignatius Jones	1957
date of birth	Leonardo Leo (5 August 1694 -- 31 October 1744), more correctly Lionardo Oronzo Salvatore de Leo, was a Neapolitan Baroque composer.	Leonardo Leo	5 August 1694
date of birth	Jay Battle, ARBS (born 1966) is a Canadian-born British sculptor, born in Toronto.	Jay Battle	1966
date of birth	Masaaki Imai (born, 1930) is a Japanese organizational theorist and management consultant, known for his work on quality management, specifically on Kaizen.	Masaaki Imai	1930
date of birth	Delia Parodi (1913 -- 1991) was an Argentine politician and the first Argentine woman to hold a prominent elected post.	Delia Parodi	1913
date of birth	Stuart Ryder (born 6 November 1973) is an English former professional footballer who played for Walsall, Mansfield Town and Nuneaton Borough.	Stuart Ryder	6 November 1973
date of birth	Ron Tandberg (born 1943) is an Australian illustrator and political cartoonist who has been contributing to The Age newspaper in Melbourne, Australia since 1972.	Ron Tandberg	1943
date of birth	Jethro Compton (born 14 July 1988, Cornwall) is a British writer, director and theatre producer.	Jethro Compton	14 July 1988
date of birth	George Speke (1623--1689) was an English politician.	George Speke	1623
date of birth	Anninos Marcoullides (Greek: Άννινος Μαρκουλλίδης; born 8 February 1971 in Limassol, Lemesos) is a Cypriot retired sprinter who specialized in 100 and 200 metre races.	Anninos Marcoullides	8 February 1971
date of birth	Zhang Yanshang (張延賞) (727 -- September 7, 787), né Zhang Baofu (張寶符), was an official of the Chinese dynasty, serving as a chancellor during the reign of Emperor Dezong.	Zhang Yanshang	727
date of birth	Andreas Sørensen (born 1 August 1984) is a Danish footballer who currently is unemployed.	Andreas Sørensen	1 August 1984
date of birth	Indira Sant (Marathi: इंदिरा संत; 1914--2000) was a Marathi poet from Maharashtra, India.	Indira Sant	1914
date of birth	Stefan Klinger (born 24 April 1978) is a German ski mountaineer.	Stefan Klinger	24 April 1978
date of birth	Margus Tsahkna (born 13 April 1977) is an Estonian politician and a member of Riigikogu, the Estonian parliament.	Margus Tsahkna	13 April 1977
date of birth	Al DiSarro (1951-January 13, 2011) was a visual effects artist who was nominated for an Academy Award in the category of Best Visual Effects during the 61st Academy Awards.	Al DiSarro	1951
date of birth	James D. Herbert, born June 1959, is a professor in the Art History department at the University of California Irvine.	James D. Herbert	June 1959
date of birth	John Harfield Tredgold (1798 -- 22 May 1842) was an English chemist in the Cape Colony in Africa.	John Harfield Tredgold	1798
date of birth	Eoin Foley (born 1981) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre-back for the Limerick senior team.	Eoin Foley	1981
date of birth	Olav Bjørkaas (7 October 1914 -- 3 January 2003) is a Norwegian former politician for the Labour Party.	Olav Bjørkaas	7 October 1914
date of birth	Prajogo Pangestu (traditional Chinese: 彭雲鵬; simplified Chinese: 彭云鹏; pinyin: Péng Yúnpéng) Born Phang Djoen Phen in 1944 is an Indonesian business magnate, investor, and philanthropist of Hakka Chinese origin.	Prajogo Pangestu	1944
date of birth	Arthur Uther Pendragon (born John Timothy Rothwell, 5 April 1954) is an English eco-campaigner, Neo-Druid leader, media personality, and self-declared reincarnation of King Arthur, a name by which he is also known.	Arthur Uther Pendragon	5 April 1954
date of birth	Mirinda Carfrae (born 26 March 1981) is an Australian professional triathlete and an Ironman Triathlon world champion.	Mirinda Carfrae	26 March 1981
date of birth	Kjell Alrich Schumann (born 8 April 1966) is a Norwegian convicted of killing a police officer during the NOKAS robbery.	Kjell Alrich Schumann	8 April 1966
date of birth	Etienne Pays (born 2 November 1948) is a Belgian molecular biologist and professor at the Universite Libre de Bruxelles.	Etienne Pays	2 November 1948
date of birth	Jeon Joonho (born 1969) is a South Korean artist who received his Bachelor of Fine Arts from Dong-eui University in Busan, South Korea and Master of Arts from Chelsea College of Art and Design in London, United Kingdom.	Jeon Joonho	1969
date of birth	Rael Artel (born February 11, 1980) is an Estonian art writer, curator and gallerist.	Rael Artel	1980
date of birth	Roger Campbell (August 15, 1942 in Providence, Kentucky -- February 15, 1961) was an American figure skater who competed in ice dancing.	Roger Campbell	1942
date of birth	Kwan Tsui Hang (Chinese: 關翠杏; born 22 September 1949 in Macau) is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Macau.	Kwan Tsui Hang	22 September 1949
date of birth	Erdinç Saçan (born 12 May 1979) is a Dutch internet entrepreneur, website administrator, columnist and politician for the PvdA.	Erdinç Saçan	12 May 1979
date of birth	Suvigya Sharma (born 28 July 1983) is an Indian artist, painter, fashion designer and entrepreneur, best known for his miniature paintings, Tanjore painting, fresco work and lifelike portraits.	Suvigya Sharma	28 July 1983
date of birth	Roel Stoffels (born 10 January 1987) is a Dutch former professional footballer.	Roel Stoffels	10 January 1987
date of birth	Candice Rose Martinez (born c. 1986), also known as the ``Cell Phone Bandit,'' committed four bank robberies in Northern Virginia, U.S., in October and November 2005, when she was a 19-year-old Northern Virginia Community College student.	Candice Rose Martinez	1986
date of birth	Josephine Broekhuizen (born 1956 in The Hague) is a Dutch artist living in Scotland, known for work with distorted perspectives.	Josephine Broekhuizen	1956
date of birth	Louisa Capper (1776--1840) was an English writer, philosopher and poet of the 19th century.	Louisa Capper	1776
date of birth	Darren Waterston (born 1965) is an American artist who is mainly known for his ethereal paintings.	Darren Waterston	1965
date of birth	Leonard Robert Morrison Cocks OBE TD (born 17 June 1938), known as Robin Cocks, is a British geologist, formerly Keeper of Palaeontology, Natural History Museum.	Robin Cocks	17 June 1938
date of birth	Paulann Petersen (born 1942) an American poet from the state of Oregon.	Paulann Petersen	1942
date of birth	Anthony Vincent Genovese, AIA, (born 30 March 1932), was an American architect who practiced in the mid to late-twentieth-century New York and New Jersey as a partner in the architectural firm name Genovese & Maddalene.	Anthony Vincent Genovese	30 March 1932
date of birth	Chien-Chi Chang (張乾琦) (born 1961, Taichung, Taiwan) is a photographer and member of Magnum Photos.	Chien-Chi Chang	1961
date of birth	Lokenath Brahmachari (Bengali: লোকনাথ ব্রহ্মচারী; 31 August 1730 -- 3 June 1890), who is called Baba Lokenath or simply Lokenath, was an 18th-century saint, yogi and philosopher in Bengal, most notably preached by Nityagopal Saha.	Lokenath Brahmachari	31 August 1730
date of birth	Flint McGlaughlin (born 1965) is an American academic and business leader.	Flint McGlaughlin	1965
date of birth	Mohamed Salamah (1888 -- 1982) was a student at Al-Azhar University who became a Qur'anic reciter at a young age.	Mohamed Salamah	1888
date of birth	Keith Hunter Jesperson (born 6 April 1955) is a Canadian American serial killer who murdered at least eight women in the United States during the early 1990s.	Keith Hunter Jesperson	6 April 1955
date of birth	Bill Le Page (Born 14 August 1924) is an Australian businessman, a psychologist and a long time follower of Meher Baba.	Bill Le Page	14 August 1924
date of birth	Robin Schone (born about 1954) is a best-selling American author of erotic romance novels.	Robin Schone	1954
date of birth	Stacey D'Erasmo (born 1961) is an American novelist and literary critic.	Stacey D'Erasmo	1961
date of birth	Martin McQuillan (born 1972) is a Scottish-born literary theorist and cultural critic.	Martin McQuillan	1972
date of birth	Milan Bojović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Бојовић; born 13 April 1987) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Greek club AEL.	Milan Bojović	13 April 1987
date of birth	Kitty Yuen (Chinese: 阮小儀; born 23 November 1970) is a Hong Kong radio DJ, television host and actress.	Kitty Yuen	23 November 1970
date of birth	Rayed Abdullah Salem Al Harbi (1988 -- October 18, 2009) was a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was named on Saudi Arabia's list of most wanted terrorist suspects.	Rayed Abdullah Salem Al Harbi	1988
date of birth	Mike Frank Russell (born 1977) is an Irish sportsperson.	Mike Frank Russell	1977
date of birth	Pettowa Paraka (born 16 November 1993) is a Papua New Guinean-born Australian professional rugby union player for the Queensland Reds in the Super Rugby competition.	Pettowa Paraka	16 November 1993
date of birth	Sir Richard John Harrison FRS (8 October 1920 -- 17 October 1999) was a Professor of Anatomy at the University of Cambridge.	Richard John Harrison	8 October 1920
date of birth	Stuart Mackie (born 12 February 1985 in Frimley, Surrey, England) is a rugby union hooker for Rugby Nice in the French Fédérale 1 division.	Stuart Mackie	12 February 1985
date of birth	Lukas Van Eenoo (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈly.kɑs vɐn ˈeː.noː)) (born 6 February 1991) is a Belgian professional football player.	Lukas Van Eenoo	6 February 1991
date of birth	Yury Chyzh (Belarusian: Юрый Чыж, Russian: Юрий Чиж, Yury Chizh, born 1963) is a Belarusian businessman, believed to be one of the country's richest people.	Yury Chyzh	1963
date of birth	Friedrich Erhard Niedt (31 May 1674 -- 1717) was a German jurist, music theorist, and composer.	Friedrich Erhard Niedt	31 May 1674
date of birth	Cristina Sánchez Ruiz (born 31 May 1978), better known as Cristie, is a Spanish flamenco singer who became famous with her involvement in the reality TV series Operación Triunfo in the winter of 2002 and 2003.	Cristie	31 May 1978
date of birth	Angelika Muharukua (born 12 January 1958 Opuwo, Kunene Region) is a Namibian politician.	Angelika Muharukua	12 January 1958
date of birth	Bruno Corazzari (born 30 December 1940) is an Italian film, television and stage actor.	Bruno Corazzari	30 December 1940
date of birth	Barboncito was born into the Ma'íí deeshgíízhiníí (Coyote Pass People) clan at Cañon de Chelly in 1820 and was a brother to Delgadito.	Barboncito	1820
date of birth	Sebastian Elmaloglou (born 29 September 1989) is an Australian stage, film and television actor best known for portraying the role of Max Sutherland on the long-running Australian soap opera Home and Away from 2002 to 2004.	Sebastian Elmaloglou	29 September 1989
date of birth	Eve Goldberg (born 1967) is a Canadian Jewish folk musician, singer and songwriter from Toronto, Ontario.	Eve Goldberg	1967
date of birth	Victor Skrebneski (born 1929 in Chicago, U.S.) is a photographer born to parents of Polish and Russian heritage.	Victor Skrebneski	1929
date of birth	Dorothy Renée Ascherson (19 May 1915 -- 30 October 2014), known professionally as Renée Asherson, was an English actress.	Renée Asherson	19 May 1915
date of birth	George Forquer (1794--1837) was a politician who served variously as an Illinois State Senator, Illinois' 5th Secretary of State (1825--1828) and Illinois 5th Attorney General (1829--1832).	George Forquer	1794
date of birth	Lionel Belasco (1881 -- c. 24 June 1967) was a prominent pianist, composer and bandleader, best known for his calypso recordings.	Lionel Belasco	1881
date of birth	Joe McQueen (aka Joe Lee McQueen; né Joe Leandrew McQueen; born 30 May 1919 Ponder, Texas) is an American jazz saxophonist.	Joe McQueen	1919
date of birth	Svetozar Šapurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Светозар-Бајо Шапурић, born 28 April 1960) is a Serbian football manager and former player.	Svetozar Šapurić	28 April 1960
date of birth	Keith Khan (born in Wimbledon, 1963), studied Fine Art/ Sculpture at Middlesex University and is an Arts Industry Bureaucrat (see discussion).	Keith Khan	1963
date of birth	Ragna Sigurðardóttir (born in Reykjavík on 10 August 1962) is an Icelandic writer, translator and artist.	Ragna Sigurðardóttir	10 August 1962
date of birth	Ralph William Gosper, Jr. (born 1943), known as Bill Gosper, is an American mathematician and programmer from Pennsauken Township, New Jersey.	Bill Gosper	1943
date of birth	Christos Kagiouzis (Greek: Χρήστος Καγκιούζης; born 23 February 1981) is a Greek footballer.	Christos Kagiouzis	23 February 1981
date of birth	Ian Nicoll (born 2 October 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the late 1960s.	Ian Nicoll	2 October 1946
date of birth	Marcel Willemsen (born 28 May 1977 in Lochem, Gelderland) is a Dutch sidecarcross passenger and 1999 World Champion.	Marcel Willemsen	28 May 1977
date of birth	Alex Szostak (born 4 March 1986 in Keighley), is an English born Scottish rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Workington Town, as a Second-row.	Alex Szostak	4 March 1986
date of birth	Derek Landy (born 23 October 1974) is an Irish author and screenwriter, best known for the Skulduggery Pleasant series of young adult's books.	Derek Landy	23 October 1974
date of birth	Sven Renders (born 12 August 1981 in Wilrijk) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rides for Willems Verandas.	Sven Renders	12 August 1981
date of birth	Ragnar Skanåker (born 8 June 1934) is a Swedish pistol shooter who was a world-class shooter for an extremely long period.	Ragnar Skanåker	8 June 1934
date of birth	Elizabeth Percy, Duchess of Northumberland (née Seymour; 26 November 1716 -- 5 December 1776), also suo jure 2nd Baroness Percy, was a British peer.	Elizabeth Percy, Duchess of Northumberland	26 November 1716
date of birth	Henadiy Boholyubov (born 20 January 1962) is a Ukrainian billionaire businessman, one of three who control Privat Group, the others being Ihor Kolomoyskyi and Oleksiy Martynov.	Henadiy Boholyubov	20 January 1962
date of birth	Lieutenant General Rail Rzayev Gurban oglu (Azerbaijani: Rail Rzayev Qurban oğlu; March 10, 1945 -- February 11, 2009) was the Commander of the Azerbaijani Air Force from shortly after Azerbaijan's independence in the early 1990s, to his death in 2009.	Rail Rzayev	1945
date of birth	Tomás Mulcahy (born 26 June 1963) is an Irish retired hurler and Gaelic footballer who played as a right corner-forward for the Cork senior hurling team.	Tomás Mulcahy	26 June 1963
date of birth	Sarkis Jebejian (Armenian: Սարգիս Ճէպէճեան, Jebeji, 1864--1920) was an Armenian military leader, the head of the self-defense of Hadjin (1920).	Sarkis Jebejian	1864
date of birth	Xiao Yehua (Chinese: 肖業華; born 6 November 1971 in Dahua) is a Chinese former track and field sprinter.	Xiao Yehua	6 November 1971
date of birth	Vera Klement (born 1929 Danzig) is an American artist, and Professor Emerita at the University of Chicago.	Vera Klement	1929
date of birth	Nancy Marie Brown (born 1960) is an American author, having written five non-fiction books.	Nancy Marie Brown	1960
date of birth	Thomas Attenborough (18 July 1833 -- 21 January 1907) was an English cricketer who played for Derbyshire between 1871 and 1874.	Thomas Attenborough	18 July 1833
date of birth	Carlos Manuel Chavez (born 25 December 1931) is a cardiovascular and thoracic surgeon best known for his participation in the first-ever human heart transplant.	Carlos Manuel Chavez	25 December 1931
date of birth	Lazar Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Лазар Ђорђевић, born 14 July 1992) is a Serbian football player who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová.	Lazar Đorđević	14 July 1992
date of birth	Enrico Braggiotti (born 27 January 1923) is a Monegasque banker born in a Levantine family in Turkey.	Enrico Braggiotti	27 January 1923
date of birth	Anandavally C. R. (born 14 January 1952) is a Malayalam film actress and dubbing artist.	Anandavally	14 January 1952
date of birth	Humphrey, 2nd Earl of Buckingham (1381--1399) was an English peer and member of the House of Lords.	Humphrey, 2nd Earl of Buckingham	1381
date of birth	Per Bang (29 November 1922 -- 24 April 2010) was a Norwegian journalist.	Per Bang	29 November 1922
date of birth	Owen Teale (born 20 May 1961) is a Welsh actor best known for his role as Ser Alliser Thorne in the HBO fantasy TV series Game of Thrones.	Owen Teale	20 May 1961
date of birth	Yi Bangja, Crown Princess Uimin of Korea (also Euimin, Japanese: 李方子 Ri Masako) (4 November 1901 -- 30 April 1989) was the consort of Crown Prince Euimin of Korea.	Yi Bangja	4 November 1901
date of birth	Miguel Esteban Peñaloza Barrientos (born 1959) is a Colombian electrical engineer, who briefly served in 2012 as the 11th Ministry of Transport of Colombia.	Miguel Esteban Peñaloza Barrientos	1959
date of birth	Borin Van Loon (born 1952 in East Anglia) is a British illustrator and comic book artist, best known for his illustrations for the Introducing... series of graphic books on complex subjects.	Borin Van Loon	1952
date of birth	Peter Stjärnvind, born 11 August 1973, is a Swedish drummer.	Peter Stjärnvind	11 August 1973
date of birth	Daniel Kalinaki (born 1980) is a Ugandan journalist working with the Nation Media Group as Managing Editor, Regional Content.	Daniel Kalinaki	1980
date of birth	Gianluca Brambilla (born 22 August 1987) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer who rides for UCI World Tour team Etixx--	Gianluca Brambilla	22 August 1987
date of birth	Patrick Bernard O'Mahoney (born 15 March 1960 in Dunstable, Bedfordshire, England) is an English crime author of Irish descent.	Bernard O'Mahoney	15 March 1960
date of birth	Prince Varughese Thomas (Prince Varughese Kapplingattil Thomas, born 1969) is a multi-media artist who is part of what has come to be known as the Indian Diaspora.	Prince Varughese Thomas	1969
date of birth	Man Arenas (born Jacinto Manuel Arenas on 25 April 1966) is a motion picture production designer, art director and a comic book creator.	Man Arenas	25 April 1966
date of birth	Andrew Lovett (born 11 November 1982) is an Aboriginal Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) for Essendon between 2005 and 2009.	Andrew Lovett	11 November 1982
date of birth	Angela Hartnett, MBE (born September 1968) is an English chef.	Angela Hartnett	1968
date of birth	Julie Tullis (15 March 1939 -- 6/7 August 1986) was a British climber and filmmaker who died while descending from K2's summit during a storm, along with four other climbers from several expeditions, during the ``Black Summer'' of 1986.	Julie Tullis	15 March 1939
date of birth	Peter Fibiger Bang (born 25 June 1973) is a Danish comparative historian.	Peter Fibiger Bang	25 June 1973
date of birth	Udai Lal Anjana (born 5 May 1951) is an Indian politician active in Rajasthan state.	Udai Lal Anjana	5 May 1951
date of birth	Francesco Antonio Xaverio Grue (1686--1746) was an Italian potter and painter.	Francesco Antonio Xaverio Grue	1686
date of birth	Hampton Catlin (born 1982) is an American computer programmer, programming language inventor, gay rights advocate, and author best known as the creator of the Sass and Haml markup languages.	Hampton Catlin	1982
date of birth	Bahadur Tejani (born 1942) is a Kenyan poet, novelist, playwright and literary critic.	Bahadur Tejani	1942
date of birth	Richard Atkyns (1615--1677), was an English writer on printing.	Richard Atkyns	1615
date of birth	Yousuf Hussain Mohamed (Arabic: يوسف حسين محمد‎) (born 8 July 1965), is a UAE football (soccer) player who played as a center back for the UAE national football team and Sharjah Club in Sharjah.	Yousuf Hussain	8 July 1965
date of birth	Juan Pablo Wainwright Nuila (1894--1932) was a Honduran revolutionary leader.	Juan Pablo Wainwright	1894
date of birth	Neil Fachie MBE (born 12 March 1984) is a Scottish paralympic multiple sports athlete competing in events for individuals with a visual impairment.	Neil Fachie	12 March 1984
date of birth	Natalie Horler (born 23 September 1981) is a German-born English singer and television presenter.	Natalie Horler	23 September 1981
date of birth	Julia Leigh (born 1970) is an Australian novelist, film director and screenwriter.	Julia Leigh	1970
date of birth	Richie Venton (born 1953) is a regional and trade union organiser in the Scottish Socialist Party.	Richie Venton	1953
date of birth	On Wong (Chinese: 黃安; pinyin: Huáng Ān; 1840 -- December 16, 1936), more commonly known as Ah Louis, was a Chinese American banker, labor contractor, farmer, and shopkeeper in San Luis Obispo, California, during the late 19th and early 20th century.	Ah Louis	1840
date of birth	Tapio Yli-Karro (born 11 October 1953, Rauma) is a Finnish former football referee.	Tapio Yli-Karro	11 October 1953
date of birth	Danielle Hacquard (born 1961) is a French ski mountaineer who competed successfully in the three best known races of the Alps (French: les grandes trois de ski de montagne), the Pierra Menta, the Patrouille des Glaciers and the Trofeo Mezzalama.	Danielle Hacquard	1961
date of birth	Yossi Dahan (born 1954) is a law professor and the Head of the Human Rights Division at the College of Law and Business.	Yossi Dahan	1954
date of birth	Jeff Seely (born 1954 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American chief executive and the CEO of Recruiting.com, Inc., located in Seattle, Washington.	Jeff Seely	1954
date of birth	Zhang Xiaoyi (Chinese: 张晓一, born 25 May 1989) is a Chinese long jumper.	Zhang Xiaoyi	25 May 1989
date of birth	Ken Kwek (born 7 May 1979) is a Singaporean screenwriter, director and playwright.	Ken Kwek	7 May 1979
date of birth	Bernhart Henn (1817--1865) was a pioneer lawyer and businessman, and a two-term Democratic U.S. Representative from Iowa's 1st congressional district during Iowa's first decade of statehood.	Bernhart Henn	1817
date of birth	Young Soon Hue (born 1963) is a contemporary ballet choreographer.	Young Soon Hue	1963
date of birth	Karel De Smet (born 21 August 1980) is a Belgian footballer who plays as centre back for KFC Merelbeke.	Karel De Smet	21 August 1980
date of birth	During World War II, Egbert White (1894--1976) had a major role in establishing newspapers for US soldiers that were written and edited by enlisted men, not by the Army top command.	Egbert White	1894
date of birth	Ramón Torres Martínez (November 22, 1924 - September 4, 2008) is a Mexican architect.	Ramón Torres Martínez	1924
date of birth	Andrew Wan Siu-kin (born 7 June 1969) is the Vice-Chairman of the Democratic Party and a former member of the Kwai Tsing District Council for Shek Yam constituency.	Andrew Wan	7 June 1969
date of birth	Father Shay Cullen (born 27 March 1943) is an Irish missionary priest and the founder of the PREDA Foundation.	Shay Cullen	27 March 1943
date of birth	Abdallah Isaaq Deerow (sometimes Abdullah Deerow Isaq) (Somali: Cabdalle Deeroow Isaaq, Arabic: عبد الله اسحاق ديرو‎) (b. 1950-2006) was a Somali politician.	Abdallah Isaaq Deerow	1950
date of birth	Hermann Gauch (6 May 1899 -- 7 November 1978) was a Nazi race theorist noted for his dedication to Nordic theory to an extent that embarrassed the Nazi leadership when he claimed that Italians were ``half ape''.	Hermann Gauch	6 May 1899
date of birth	Herbert Bouffler (16 February 1881, date of death unknown) was a British cyclist.	Herbert Bouffler	16 February 1881
date of birth	Guy Harvey (born 16 September 1955) is a Jamaican marine wildlife artist and conservationist.	Guy Harvey	16 September 1955
date of birth	David Edward Jackson (1788--December 24, 1837) was an American pioneer, trapper, fur trader, and explorer.	David Edward Jackson	1788
date of birth	Vladimir Leonidovich Popov (Russian: Владимир Леонидович Попов, born 3 September 1946) is a Russian mathematician working in the invariant theory and the theory of transformation groups.	Vladimir Leonidovich Popov	3 September 1946
date of birth	Stephanie Schneider (born 25 September 1990) is a German bobsledder who has competed since 2008.	Stephanie Schneider	25 September 1990
date of birth	Geovani Faria da Silva (born 6 April 1964 in Vitória) referred to simply as Geovani Silva or Geovani was a Brazilian football player.	Geovani Faria da Silva	6 April 1964
date of birth	Al Hayman, also known as Raphael Hayman, (1847 -- February 10, 1917) was the business partner of the better-known Charles Frohman who together with others established the Theatrical Syndicate.	Al Hayman	1847
date of birth	Jane Smit (born 24 December 1972, Ilkeston, Derbyshire, England) is an English cricketer and former member of the England team.	Jane Smit	24 December 1972
date of birth	Sacha Schneider (born 23 June 1972) is one of Luxemburger's most experienced football players.	Sacha Schneider	23 June 1972
date of birth	Koretoshi Maruyama (born 5 October 1936) is an aikido instructor and founder of Aikido Yuishinkai (合氣道唯心会), he was an uchi deshi of aikido founder Morihei Ueshiba and also a student of Koichi Tohei.	Koretoshi Maruyama	5 October 1936
date of birth	Bogdan Achimescu (born 1965 in Timişoara) is a Polish and Romanian visual artist.	Bogdan Achimescu	1965
date of birth	Edward Wilkins Waite RBA (14 April 1854 -- 1924) was a prolific English landscape painter.	Edward Wilkins Waite	14 April 1854
date of birth	Mark Parisi (born 1961) is the creator of Off the Mark, a comic panel which began in 1987 and now appears in 100 newspapers, as well as on greeting cards, T-shirts, and more.	Mark Parisi	1961
date of birth	Viktor Krasko (Russian: Виктор Красько; born 1953) is a retired Soviet backstroke swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1970 European Aquatics Championships.	Viktor Krasko	1953
date of birth	Nandan Nilekani (born 2 June 1955) is an Indian entrepreneur, bureaucrat and politician.	Nandan Nilekani	2 June 1955
date of birth	José Evangelista (born 5 August 1943) is a Spanish composer and music educator who is based in Montreal, Canada.	José Evangelista	5 August 1943
date of birth	Lương Bích Hữu (born 1 September 1984) is a Vietnamese actress and singer of Chinese ancestry.	Lương Bích Hữu	1 September 1984
date of birth	Ken Davenport (born Kenneth A. Hasija, August 23, 1972) is a Tony Award-winning Broadway and Off-Broadway theatre producer, blogger, and writer.	Ken Davenport	1972
date of birth	Thomas Mainwaring Penson (1818--64) was an English surveyor and architect.	Thomas Mainwaring Penson	1818
date of birth	William Mansfield, 1st Viscount Sandhurst GCB GCSI GCIE GCVO PC (21 August 1855 -- 2 November 1921) was a British Liberal politician and colonial governor.	William Mansfield, 1st Viscount Sandhurst	21 August 1855
date of birth	Ceferí Olivé i Cabré (born in Reus in 1907, died in the same town in 1995) was a Catalan painter.	Ceferí Olivé	1907
date of birth	Juan Ignacio Arrieta Ochoa de Chinchetru (born 10 April 1951) has been secretary of the Pontifical Council for Legislative Texts since 15 February 2007.	Juan Ignacio Arrieta Ochoa de Chinchetru	10 April 1951
date of birth	Gennaro Sardo (born 8 May 1979) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Chievo in the Italian Serie A.	Gennaro Sardo	8 May 1979
date of birth	Theodor Hartig (21 February 1805 -- 26 March 1880) was a German forestry biologist and botanist.	Theodor Hartig	21 February 1805
date of birth	Steve Sutcliffe (born in 1968) is a former British auto racing driver who now works as a motoring journalist.	Steve Sutcliffe	1968
date of birth	Andreas Paolo Perger (born 1970 in Munich, Germany) is a contemporary austrian guitarist, improviser, and composer of german-polish and austrian-italian descent.	Andreas Paolo Perger	1970
date of birth	Mary Livingston Ripley (1914 -- April 15, 1996) was an U.S. horticulturist, entomologist, photographer, and scientific collector.	Mary Livingston Ripley	1914
date of birth	Sigtryggur Baldursson (Born 2 October 1962) is an Icelandic drummer and singer.	Sigtryggur Baldursson	2 October 1962
date of birth	James Lynah (1881 -- February 24, 1956) was an American businessman and sports administrator who is considered the principal founder of the Eastern College Athletic Conference.	James Lynah	1881
date of birth	Gina Dirawi (Arabic: جينا ديراوي‎; born 11 December 1990) is a Swedish television host, radio-personality, blogger and comedian.	Gina Dirawi	11 December 1990
date of birth	Lars Gunnar Lie (born 18 September 1938) is a Norwegian politician from the Christian People's Party and was the Minister of Transport and Communications 1989-1990.	Lars Gunnar Lie	18 September 1938
date of birth	Jose Villa Panganiban (12 June 1903 -- 13 October 1972) was a lexicographer, professor, linguist, poet, playwright, author, and lyricist.	Jose Villa Panganiban	12 June 1903
date of birth	Kenny van Gaalen (born 29 January 1988) is a Dutch sidecarcross rider and the 2012 Sidecarcross World Champion, riding as passenger with Daniël Willemsen.	Kenny van Gaalen	29 January 1988
date of birth	Alfred Herbert Ernest Osborne, formerly known as Basil Osborne (born 12 April 1938), is a former Orthodox Christian bishop.	Basil Osborne	12 April 1938
date of birth	Andrea Mitchell D'Arrigo (born 28 April 1995) is an Italian freestyle swimmer who specializes in the 400 m. In this event he won two silver and one bronze medals at European Championships.	Andrea Mitchell D'Arrigo	28 April 1995
date of birth	Bente Erichsen (born 7 January 1949) is a Norwegian culture director and the current (and inaugural) Director of the Nobel Peace Center.	Bente Erichsen	7 January 1949
date of birth	Yehya Bundhun (born 25 January 1965) is a sportsperson from Mauritius.	Yehya Bundhun	25 January 1965
date of birth	Juan Padrón (born 1947 in Matanzas) is a Cuban animation director.	Juan Padrón	1947
date of birth	Matt Stokes, born 1973 in Penzance, is an artist and film-maker.	Matt Stokes	1973
date of birth	Jonathan David Katz (born 1958) is an American activist, art historian, educator and writer, he is currently the director of the doctoral program in Visual culture studies at State University of New York at Buffalo.	Jonathan David Katz	1958
date of birth	Syarhey Shchehrykovich (Belarusian: Сяргей Шчэгрыковіч; Russian: Серге́й Щегрикович, Sergey Shchegrikovich; born 19 December 1990) is a Belarusian professional football player currently playing for Slavia-Mozyr.	Syarhey Shchehrykovich	19 December 1990
date of birth	Marion Deuchars (born 1964 in Falkirk, Stirlingshire) is a British Illustrator and Author.	Marion Deuchars	1964
date of birth	Kaul Singh Thakur (born 23 November 1945) is the Health and Family Welfare minister in Himachal Pradesh Cabinet, serving Himachal Pradesh Assembly eighth time.	Kaul Singh Thakur	23 November 1945
date of birth	Andru Donalds (born 16 November 1974) is a Jamaican musician and vocalist with a previous solo career, who is now working in collaboration with the Enigma project as lead vocalist.	Andru Donalds	16 November 1974
date of birth	Larry Dossey (born 1940, Groesbeck, Texas) is a physician and author who has become known for asserting the importance for healing of prayer, spirituality, and other non-physical factors.	Larry Dossey	1940
date of birth	Richmond Nketiah (born 28 October 1994) is a Ghanaian footballer who playes for Arsenal Tula as a right back.	Richmond Nketiah	28 October 1994
date of birth	Atsede Habtamu Besuye (born 26 October 1987) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in road running and the marathon distance.	Atsede Habtamu	26 October 1987
date of birth	Louise Ellery (born 4 January 1977) is an Australian Paralympic athlete, Commonwealth Games gold medalist and world record holder in F32 Shot put for elite athletes with a disability	Louise Ellery	4 January 1977
date of birth	Donald C. Johnson (born 1949) is an American career diplomat who served as U.S. Ambassador to three countries;	Donald C. Johnson	1949
date of birth	Andrew R. Liddle (born 9 June 1965) is Professor of astrophysics at the Royal Observatory Edinburgh, as of 2013.	Andrew R. Liddle	9 June 1965
date of birth	Geoff Love (4 September 1917 -- 8 July 1991) was a prolific British arranger and composer of easy listening and pop versions of film themes.	Geoff Love	4 September 1917
date of birth	Cosimo Cavallaro (born 1961, Montreal, Canada) is an Italian-Canadian artist, filmmaker and sculptor.	Cosimo Cavallaro	1961
date of birth	Alex White Plume (born 1952) is the former Vice-President and Tribal President of the Oglala Sioux Tribe of the Pine Ridge Reservation, located in South Dakota of the United States.	Alex White Plume	1952
date of birth	James Edmond (21 April 1859 -- 21 March 1933) was a Scottish-Australian journalist, notable as an editor of The Bulletin.	James Edmond	21 April 1859
date of birth	Rafael Simón Urbina López (1897 -- 13 November 1950) was a Venezuelan rebel who fought against the dictatorial regime of Juan Vicente Gómez.	Rafael Simón Urbina	1897
date of birth	Adolph Fischer (1858 -- November 11, 1887) was an anarchist and labor union activist tried and executed after the Haymarket Riot.	Adolph Fischer	1858
date of birth	Nikica Klinčarski (Macedonian: Hикицa Kлинчapcки, born 5 January 1957) is a former Macedonian football player, SFR Yugoslavia international.	Nikica Klinčarski	5 January 1957
date of birth	Peter Bodo (born 19 June 1949) is an Austrian born American sportswriter and author, currently Senior Editor/Blogger at Tennis Magazine.	Peter Bodo	19 June 1949
date of birth	Sam McDonald (1762 -- 6 May 1802), called ``Big Sam'', was a Scotsman of unusual height for his day who had a distinguished military career and was a noted ``strongman''.	Sam McDonald	1762
date of birth	Susheela Raman (born 21 July 1973) is an acclaimed British Indian musician.	Susheela Raman	21 July 1973
date of birth	Ferry Carondelet (also Ferricus Carondelet) (1473 -- June 27, 1528) was a Habsburg diplomat, advisor to Margaret of Austria and abbot at Montbenoît.	Ferry Carondelet	1473
date of birth	Tudor Postelnicu (born 13 November 1931) is a former Romanian Communist politician, who served as Interior Minister from October 1987 until the 1989 Revolution.	Tudor Postelnicu	13 November 1931
date of birth	Sian McLaren (born 25 September 1991) is an Australian football (soccer) who plays for Sydney FC in the Australian W-League.	Sian McLaren	25 September 1991
date of birth	Gennadi Skripnik (Russian: Геннадий Скрипник; born 30 August 1962) is a former Uzbekistani football player.	Gennadi Skripnik	30 August 1962
date of birth	Kenan Şahin (born 27 October 1984) is a Turkish-German footballer who last played for Elazığspor in the TFF First League.	Kenan Şahin	27 October 1984
date of birth	David Selbourne (born 4 June 1937) is a British political philosopher, social commentator and historian of ideas.	David Selbourne	4 June 1937
date of birth	Mária Royová (26 November 1858 -- 25 February 1924) was a Slovak Protestant activist, charity worker and songwriter.	Mária Royová	1858
date of birth	Ivan Foster (born 1943) is a retired senior minister in the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster and a former Democratic Unionist Party politician.	Ivan Foster	1943
date of birth	Rahul Pandharipande (born 1969) is an Indian-American mathematician at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zürich (ETH) working in algebraic geometry.	Rahul Pandharipande	1969
date of birth	Neil Hood (born 30 June 1950), is a former Scottish football striker.	Neil Hood	30 June 1950
date of birth	Lukáš Plank (born 1951) is a Slovak medical researcher, pathologist and author.	Lukáš Plank	1951
date of birth	Lindsay Williams (born 22 April 1946) is a British retired slalom canoeist who competed in the 1970s.	Lindsay Williams	22 April 1946
date of birth	Sun Jiazheng (simplified Chinese: 孙家正; traditional Chinese: 孫家正; pinyin: Sūn Jiāzhèng; born March 1944) is a politician of People's Republic of China, he is the chairman of the China Federation of Literary and Art Circles.	Sun Jiazheng	March 1944
date of birth	Louise Setara (born Louise Smith, 21 August 1988, Reading, Berkshire, England) is an English singer-songwriter.	Louise Setara	21 August 1988
date of birth	Silvio Fanti (22 September 1919 -- 26 June 1997) was a Swiss psychiatrist who founded micropsychoanalysis.	Silvio Fanti	22 September 1919
date of birth	Heather Ward (later Heather Ward Nielsen; born 1938) is a former English badminton player who won international championships and competed at an elite level during a two decade span from the mid-1950s to the mid-1970s.	Heather Ward	1938
date of birth	Thomas Frank Heaphy (born London, 2 April 1813; died London, 7 Aug 1873) was an English miniature painter.	Thomas Frank Heaphy	2 April 1813
date of birth	Robert Yarchoan (born 1950) is a medical researcher who played an important role in the development of the first effective drugs for AIDS.	Robert Yarchoan	1950
date of birth	Frederick Ballard Williams (1871- 1956) was an American landscape and figure painter.	Frederick Ballard Williams	1871
date of birth	Elton Williams (born 4 July 1973) is a Guyanese-born Montserratian international football player who plays in defence for Ideal SC in the Montserrat Championship.	Elton Williams	4 July 1973
date of birth	Michael Corenblith (born 1951) is an art director and production designer.	Michael Corenblith	1951
date of birth	Víctor Afrânio Asconavieta da Silva (born 1960) is an area seventy of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church).	Víctor Afrânio Asconavieta da Silva	1960
date of birth	David Doak (born 11 November 1967) is a Northern Irish video game designer.	David Doak	1967
date of birth	Olga Victorovna Fedorishcheva (born 17 March 1984) or known simply as Olga Fedori, is a Ukrainian-born actress, who works in English language films and programmes.	Olga Fedori	17 March 1984
date of birth	Ondřej Mihálik (born 2 April 1997) is a professional Czech football striker currently playing for FK Baumit Jablonec.	Ondřej Mihálik	2 April 1997
date of birth	Captain Carl Peter Blom, Swedish sailor and founder of Smådalarö Gård, was born 1762 in Mjöfjärd southeast of Dalarö.	Carl Peter Blom	1762
date of birth	Xander Straat (1965) is a Dutch stage, television, and film actor.	Xander Straat	1965
date of birth	Stewart Hamill (born 22 January 1960) is a former Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Leicester City, Scunthorpe United, Northampton Town and Scarborough.	Stewart Hamill	22 January 1960
date of birth	Carl Valeri (born 14 August 1984) is an Australian football (soccer) player who is the captain of Melbourne Victory.	Carl Valeri	14 August 1984
date of birth	Alexis Lykiard (born 1940) is a British writer of Greek heritage, who began his prolific career as novelist and poet in the 1960s.	Alexis Lykiard	1940
date of birth	Thomas Gaal, a painter of portraits, birds, and flowers, was born at Dendermonde in 1739.	Thomas Gaal	1739
date of birth	Philippe Heberlé (born 21 March 1963) is a French sports shooter and Olympic Champion.	Philippe Heberlé	21 March 1963
date of birth	Luigi Giura (1795 - 1865) was an Italian engineer and architect.	Luigi Giura	1795
date of birth	Zsuzsa Szikra(Born 6 February 1951 in Marcali) is a Hungarian painter whose works are marked by their poetic abstract character.	Zsuzsa Szikra	6 February 1951
date of birth	Zlatan Ljubijankić (Slovene pronunciation: (ˈzlatan ljubiˈjankitʃ); born 15 December 1983) is a Slovenian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Japan's J. League Division 1 side Urawa Red Diamonds and the Slovenian national team.	Zlatan Ljubijankić	15 December 1983
date of birth	Peter Davenport (born 24 March 1961) is an English former professional footballer and manager who has managed teams in both the Welsh and English leagues.	Peter Davenport	24 March 1961
date of birth	Dolores Keane (born 26 September 1953) is an Irish folk singer and occasional actress.	Dolores Keane	26 September 1953
date of birth	Eleanor Alberga (born 1949) is a Jamaican contemporary music composer.	Eleanor Alberga	1949
date of birth	Julia Griggs Havey (born 1962) is an American author of four diet books, written after her experience with obesity.	Julia Griggs Havey	1962
date of birth	Arthur Sidney Olliff (21 October 1865 -- 29 December 1895), was an Australian taxonomist who was active as Government entomologist in New South Wales.	Arthur Sidney Olliff	21 October 1865
date of birth	Zipora Rubin-Rosenbaum (born 1946) is an Israeli athlete who has won 21 Paralympic medals.	Zipora Rubin-Rosenbaum	1946
date of birth	Ohad Edelstein (Hebrew: אוהד אדלשטיין‎; born 25 May 1992) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Maccabi Kiryat Gat.	Ohad Edelstein	25 May 1992
date of birth	Rory Blackwell (born 22 June 1933 in Battersea, London) is a British former rock and roll musician, bandleader of The Blackjacks, singer, drummer and songwriter.	Rory Blackwell	22 June 1933
date of birth	Leigh Mills (born 8 February 1988) is an English professional footballer who currently plays at left back for Winchester City.	Leigh Mills	8 February 1988
date of birth	Bill Mildenhall (born 10 April 1953) is a former basketball referee in the National Basketball League who also played Australian rules football with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Bill Mildenhall	10 April 1953
date of birth	Hussein Ali Wahid (Arabic: حسين علي واحد‎) (born 8 October 1992) is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a forward for Al-Mina'a.	Hussein Ali Wahid	8 October 1992
date of birth	Charles Spain Verral (November 7, 1904 -- April 1, 1990) was an author and illustrator born in Ontario, Canada.	Charles Spain Verral	1904
date of birth	Jørgen Thygesen Brahe (Jørgen Brahe til Tostrup i Skåne) (1515 -- June 21, 1565) was a member of the Danish nobility.	Jørgen Thygesen Brahe	1515
date of birth	Dr. Agnar Höskuldsson (born 1939) is a Danish scientist who specializes in the field of chemometrics.	Agnar Höskuldsson	1939
date of birth	Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil (born 1971) is an Hindustani classical music vocalist.	Manjusha Kulkarni-Patil	1971
date of birth	Per Wendel, (28 January 1947 - 10 october 2005) was a Swedish journalist.	Per Wendel	28 January 1947
date of birth	Khamis Abdullah Saifeldin (Arabic: خميس عبدالله سيف الدين‎) (born 1 February 1976) is a Qatari runner who specialized in the 3000 metre steeplechase.	Khamis Abdullah Saifeldin	1 February 1976
date of birth	Jean-Paul Fung (born 6 November 1988) is an Australian producer, engineer, mixer, musician and songwriter who has worked on multiple award-winning records.	Jean-Paul Fung	6 November 1988
date of birth	Gosho Motoharu (五所 元治; 1919 -- October 27, 2012) was a prominent master of the martial arts, koryu budō or kobudō.	Gosho Motoharu	1919
date of birth	Ignaz Assmayer (11 February 1790 -- 31 August 1862) was an Austrian composer of liturgical music.	Ignaz Assmayer	11 February 1790
date of birth	McDermott & McGough consists of visual artists David McDermott and Peter McGough (born 1952 and 1958 in Hollywood, CA and Syracuse, NY respectively).	McDermott & McGough	1952
date of birth	Andrus Murumets (born 20 July 1978) is an Estonian strongman and entrant to the World's Strongest Man contest.	Andrus Murumets	20 July 1978
date of birth	Jared Benson (1821 in Worcester, Massachusetts -- 1894) was a Minnesota politician and a former Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives.	Jared Benson	1821
date of birth	Edin Salkić (born 16 June 1989) is an Austrian football striker of Bosnian origin playing for Austrian club SKN St. Pölten.	Edin Salkić	16 June 1989
date of birth	Mitja Ferenc (21 March 1960) is a Slovenian historian, educator and author.	Mitja Ferenc	21 March 1960
date of birth	Judy Moran (born 18 December 1944) is the matriarch of the infamous Moran criminal family of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Judy Moran	18 December 1944
date of birth	Sir Andrew Ramsay, Lord Abbotshall, 1st Baronet (May 1619 -- 17 January 1688), Privy Counsellor, was the first Lord Provost of Edinburgh and a judge of the Court of Session.	Andrew Ramsay, Lord Abbotshall	May 1619
date of birth	Adam Nicolson, 5th Baron Carnock, FRSL, FSA (born 12 September 1957) is an English author who has written about history, landscape, great literature and the sea.	Adam Nicolson	12 September 1957
date of birth	William Gwinn (Guinn, Guin) (1755-) was an African American from Boston, Massachusetts.	William Gwinn	1755
date of birth	Holly Hull (born Holly-Anne Hull, 17 October 1994, Camberley, Surrey, England) is an English teen singer who won the Disney Channel UK talent search My Camp Rock in April 2009, after being voted for by viewers.	Holly Hull	17 October 1994
date of birth	Mathias Kouo-Doumbé (born 28 October 1979), often known simply as Mat or Mathias Doumbé, is a French footballer.	Mathias Kouo-Doumbé	28 October 1979
date of birth	Alexandre Petrovic (1925 - November 22, 2003) was a scientist who is known for formulating the Cybernetic Theory of Craniofacial Growth in 1977.	Alexandre Petrovic	1925
date of birth	Dr. Teo Ho Pin (simplified Chinese: 张俰宾; traditional Chinese: 張俰賓; pinyin: Zhāng Hèbīn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiuⁿ Ho-pin; born 19 January 1960) is a Singaporean politician.	Teo Ho Pin	19 January 1960
date of birth	Prior Smith (born 1944 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian broadcaster who owns and operates the network radio program Canada Calling and produces the Canadian syndicated radio show ``Grapeline''.	Prior Smith	1944
date of birth	Valerie M. Hudson (born 1958) is an American professor of political science at The Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University as of January 2012.	Valerie M. Hudson	1958
date of birth	Camille Norton (born 1955 ) is an American poet and academic.	Camille Norton	1955
date of birth	Frances Freeling Broderip (née Hood) (1830 -- 3 November 1878) was an English children's writer.	Frances Freeling Broderip	1830
date of birth	Juan Miguel Carmona (Granada, 1960) is a guitar maker specialized in Classical and Flamenco guitars.	Juan Miguel Carmona	1960
date of birth	Mahmoud Mohammad Issa Mohammad (محمود محمد عيسى محمد) (born in 1943) is a Palestinian and former member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.	Mahmoud Mohammad Issa Mohammad	1943
date of birth	Roger de Damas (4 September 1765 -- 18 September 1823) was a French Army officer and Royalist general who fought against the French Revolutionary forces for the Russian Empire and the Kingdom of Naples.	Roger de Damas	4 September 1765
date of birth	John Grubb Richardson (13 November 1813 -- 1891) was an Irish linen merchant, industrialist and philanthropist who founded the model village of Bessbrook near Newry in 1845, in what is now Northern Ireland.	John Grubb Richardson	13 November 1813
date of birth	Shane Lynch (born Shane Eamon Mark Stephen Lynch; 3 July 1976) is an Irish singer-songwriter, actor and professional drift driver, best known as a member of Boyzone.	Shane Lynch	3 July 1976
date of birth	Ian McGuinness (born 15 October 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ian McGuinness	15 October 1953
date of birth	Gustav Schwarzenegger (17 August 1907 -- 13 December 1972) was an Austrian police chief (Gendarmeriekommandant), postal inspector and a senior non-commissioned military police officer.	Gustav Schwarzenegger	17 August 1907
date of birth	Vatsal Sheth (born 5 August 1980) is an Indian film and television actor, model and entrepreneur.	Vatsal Sheth	5 August 1980
date of birth	Garry Kenneth (born 21 June 1987) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Forfar Albion in Scottish Junior Football East Region North Division as a centre back.	Garry Kenneth	21 June 1987
date of birth	Jill Hunter-Boltz (born 14 October 1966) is an English former distance runner who represented Great Britain at the 1988 Olympic Games in Seoul and the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona.	Jill Hunter	14 October 1966
date of birth	Anthony Perosh (born 5 October 1972) is a retired Australian professional mixed martial artist formerly competing in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Anthony Perosh	5 October 1972
date of birth	Jakob Hellman, born 20 October 1965 in Vuollerim, Norrbotten County, is a Swedish pop singer.	Jakob Hellman	1965
date of birth	Martin Carr (born 29 November 1968, Thurso, Scotland, but raised in Wallasey on the Wirral) is a British musician and writer who was the chief songwriter and lead guitarist with the British band The Boo Radleys.	Martin Carr	29 November 1968
date of birth	Stewart Forsyth (born 26 October 1961) is a Scottish footballer, who played for Arbroath, Dundee and Montrose.	Stewart Forsyth	26 October 1961
date of birth	Shepard Kollock, Jr. (September 1750 -- July 28, 1839) was an editor and printer, who was active in colonial New Jersey during the period of the American Revolutionary War.	Shepard Kollock	September 1750
date of birth	Ivars Peterson (born 4 December 1948) is an award-winning mathematics writer.	Ivars Peterson	4 December 1948
date of birth	John Fantham (6 February 1939 -- 25 June 2014) was an English footballer.	John Fantham	6 February 1939
date of birth	Alejandro Peña Esclusa (born 3 July 1954) is a Venezuelan politician, leader of the Venezuelan NGO Fuerza Solidaria (since May 2001) and president of the pan-Latin-American NGO UnoAmérica (since December 2008).	Alejandro Peña Esclusa	3 July 1954
date of birth	Do Dong-hyun (born 19 November 1993) is a South Korean footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for I-League club East Bengal.	Do Dong-hyun	19 November 1993
date of birth	George Brudenell, 3rd Earl of Cardigan (29 September 1685 -- 5 July 1732), styled Lord Brudenell between 1698 and 1703, was a British peer.	George Brudenell, 3rd Earl of Cardigan	29 September 1685
date of birth	Helen Sear (born 1955) is a photographic artist based in Wales, UK.	Helen Sear	1955
date of birth	Sir Ernest Albert Vasey (1901--1984) was a British colonial politician and former actor.	Ernest Albert Vasey	1901
date of birth	John Tse Wing-ling (born 1954) is the associate professor of the City University of Hong Kong of the Applied Social Studies Department.	John Tse	1954
date of birth	Edward Kessler MBE (born 3 May 1963) is the founding director of The Woolf Institute.	Edward Kessler	1963
date of birth	Paul of Venice (or Paulus Venetus) (1369--1429) was a Roman Catholic Scholastic philosopher, theologian, and realist logician and metaphysician of the Hermits of the Order of Saint Augustine.	Paul of Venice	1369
date of birth	Balázs Kovács (born 14 June 1977) is a retired Hungarian hurdler who specializes in the 110 metres hurdles.	Balázs Kovács	14 June 1977
date of birth	Brandon Francis (born Justin Christopher Davis; 9 March 1981) is a British actor, producer, and screenwriter.	Brandon Francis	9 March 1981
date of birth	Kelly Shibari (born 9 September 1972) is the stage name of a Japanese-American pornographic actress and plus-size model.	Kelly Shibari	1972
date of birth	James Fontaine (1757 to 1790) was an officer who served in American Revolutionary War and the Northwest Indian War.	James Fontaine	1757
date of birth	Jurgita Dronina (born 27 March 1986) is a Russian-Lithuanian ballet dancer.	Jurgita Dronina	27 March 1986
date of birth	Ann Gloag OBE (born Ann Heron Souter; 10 December 1942, in Perth) is a Scottish business woman and charity campaigner.	Ann Gloag	10 December 1942
date of birth	Glynn Snodin (born 14 February 1960) is an English former professional footballer and current assistant manager at Preston North End.	Glynn Snodin	14 February 1960
date of birth	Muad Mohamed Zaki also spelled as Muad Mohamad Zaki with an A, (born 7 April 1982) is from a prominent political and business family in the Maldives.	Muad Mohamed Zaki	7 April 1982
date of birth	Geraldo Majella Agnelo (born 19 October 1933) is a Brazilian Roman Catholic Cardinal.	Geraldo Majella Agnelo	19 October 1933
date of birth	Petar Trifonov (Bulgarian: Петър Трифонов: born 12 March 1984 in Blagoevgrad) is a Bulgarian footballer.	Petar Trifonov	12 March 1984
date of birth	Oliver Pikati (born 19 May 1973) is a Botswanan former footballer who played as a striker.	Oliver Pikati	19 May 1973
date of birth	Paul Scanlan (born 1970) is an American businessperson, and co-founder of MobiTV, where he is the current president.	Paul Scanlan	1970
date of birth	Sayed Moustafa Al-Qazwini (Arabic: سيد مصطفى القزويني‎ born 1961 in Karbala, Iraq) is an Islamic religious leader.	Sayed Moustafa Al-Qazwini	1961
date of birth	Chester Keefer was born in Altoona, Pennsylvania, in 1897, to John Henry Keefer and Jessie G. Scott.	Chester Keefer	1897
date of birth	Eddie Lubanski (born c. 1929) was one of the greatest bowlers of all time.	Eddie Lubanski	1929
date of birth	Ron Shushan (Hebrew: רון שושן‎; born 11 June 1993) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays as a Goalkeeper for Hapoel Nazareth Illit.	Ron Shushan	11 June 1993
date of birth	Dan Tipton (1844 - February 25, 1898) was an American sailor, miner, gambler, and member of a federal posse led by American Old West lawman Wyatt Earp.	Dan Tipton	1844
date of birth	Vaikom Padmanabha Pillai (1767--1809) was a militia leader and military officer of the Kingdom of Travancore (now roughly the Indian state of Kerala).	Vaikom Padmanabha Pillai	1767
date of birth	James Lavadour (born 1951) is a Walla Walla painter and printmaker.	James Lavadour	1951
date of birth	Ellvana Curo (born 22 January 1992) nicknamed ``Elly'', is an Albanian Australian footballer, who currently plays for Bundoora United in the Victorian Women's Premier League and Albania women's national football team.	Ellvana Curo	22 January 1992
date of birth	Gangaji (/ˈɡɑːŋɡədʒi/; born Texas, 1942) is an American born spiritual teacher and author.	Gangaji	1942
date of birth	Milana Bakhaeva (Russian: Милана Бахаева) (born 30 December 1979 in Orekhovo, Chechnya), better known by the pen name Milana Terloeva, is a Chechen journalist and author of the 2006 French bestseller Danser sur les ruines --	Milana Terloeva	30 December 1979
date of birth	Ram Gopal Yadav (born 29 June 1946) is an Indian politician from Uttar Pradesh.	Ram Gopal Yadav	29 June 1946
date of birth	Ern Westmore (October 29, 1904--February 1, 1967), born Ernest Henry Westmore, was a Hollywood make-up artist and sometimes actor, the third child in George Westmore's famed Westmore family tree.	Ern Westmore	1904
date of birth	Miinnehoma (1983 -- July 2012) was an Irish bred and British trained Thoroughbred racehorse most famous for his victory in the 1994 Grand National at Aintree, ridden by Richard Dunwoody, trained by Martin Pipe and owned by Freddie Starr.	Miinnehoma	1983
date of birth	Philemon Tracy (June 1831-Sept 18, 1862) was an American judge, newspaper editor, and politician.	Philemon Tracy	June 1831
date of birth	Henry Burkhardt III (1945--2000) was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, USA, grew up in South Hadley, Massachusetts, and was schooled there.	Henry Burkhardt III	1945
date of birth	André Isidore Carey (c. 1790, Paris -- ?) was a French ballet dancer.	André Isidore Carey	1790
date of birth	Deniz Özlem or Denislav Stoyanov (Bulgarian name) (born 16 April 1986 in Bulgaria) is a Turkish footballer.	Deniz Özlem	16 April 1986
date of birth	Stuart Fielden (born 14 September 1979 in Halifax) is an English former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s.	Stuart Fielden	14 September 1979
date of birth	Alexander Dyce (30 June 1798 -- 15 May 1869) was a Scottish dramatic editor and literary historian.	Alexander Dyce	30 June 1798
date of birth	Bartholomäus Keckermann (c. 1572 -- 25 July 1608) was a German writer, Calvinist theologian and philosopher.	Bartholomäus Keckermann	1572
date of birth	Emma Collinge (born 13 November 1990) is an English model and former actress.	Emma Collinge	November 1990
date of birth	Ilya Belyaev (Russian: Илья Беляев) (born 9 August 1990) is a Russian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Ilya Belyaev	9 August 1990
date of birth	Kerry Cooper Vuna (born 5 July 1987) is a professional rugby footballer who currently plays for the Worcester Warriors.	Cooper Vuna	5 July 1987
date of birth	Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies (French: Antoine Marie Joseph Alphonse Adam et omnes sancti; 20 January 1929 --) is a member of the House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies which ruled the defunct Kingdom of the Two Sicilies until 1860 .	Prince Antoine of Bourbon-Two Sicilies	20 January 1929
date of birth	Anita Anand (/ˈɑːnænd/ AH-nand; born 28 April 1972) is a British radio and television presenter and journalist.	Anita Anand	28 April 1972
date of birth	Francis Roberts Rush was born in Townsville on 11 September 1916, the son of Thomas Rush and his wife Mary (née Roberts).	Francis Roberts Rush	11 September 1916
date of birth	Espen Grjotheim (born 20 September 1976) is a Norwegian singer and actor who studied at the Bårdar Akademiet (1997--1999).	Espen Grjotheim	20 September 1976
date of birth	Ghislaine Arabian (born in August 1948) is a Belgian chef, two stars at the Guide Michelin.	Ghislaine Arabian	August 1948
date of birth	Rana Chandra Singh, (1931--2009), also known as ``Rana Chander Singh'', was a Pakistani politician, a federal minister and the chieftain of the Pakistani Hindu Sodha Thakur Rajput clan and the Amarkot (present day Umerkot) jagir.	Rana Chandra Singh	1931
date of birth	Chen Jianguo (Chinese: 陈建国; born July 1945) is a Chinese politician, serving since 2013 as the Chair of the National People's Congress Agriculture and Rural Affairs Committee.	Chen Jianguo	July 1945
date of birth	Jeffrey S. Lyons (1939 or 1940 -- July 26, 2015) was a Toronto lawyer, lobbyist, and community activist.	Jeffrey S. Lyons	1939
date of birth	Nawab Fazal Nawaz Jung Bahadur (c. 1894-1964) was a noted Hyderabadi politician and financier during the period of the Nizam of Hyderabad Mir Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII.	Fazal Nawaz Jung	1894
date of birth	Jason Durr (born 1967) is an English actor of theatre, television and film.	Jason Durr	1967
date of birth	Martin Mesík (born 17 October 1979) is a Slovak former ski jumper who holds the Slovak national record with 195.5 m which he set at Kulm in February 2005.	Martin Mesík	17 October 1979
date of birth	Vivian Bingham OBE (11 April 1932 -- 3 March 2012), known as Viv Bingham, was a British political activist.	Viv Bingham	11 April 1932
date of birth	Dimitrios Psarros (Greek: Δημήτριος Ψαρρός, 1893 -- April 17, 1944) was a Greek army officer and resistance leader.	Dimitrios Psarros	1893
date of birth	Gabriella Juhász (born 19 March 1985 in Kisvárda) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Veszprém Barabás KC and also member of the Hungarian national setup.	Gabriella Juhász	19 March 1985
date of birth	Felipe Solari was born on 22 March 1982, in São Paulo, SP. He is a VJ from MTV Brasil, Brazilian actor, model and recently DJ.	Felipe Solari	1982
date of birth	Vonani Bila is a South African author and poet, he was born in 1972 in Shirley Village near Elim Hospital.	Vonani Bila	1972
date of birth	Dean Edell (born 26 March 1941) is an American physician and broadcaster who hosted the Dr. Dean Edell radio program, a syndicated radio talk show which aired live from 1979 until December 10, 2010.	Dean Edell	26 March 1941
date of birth	Sheikh Bashir Yussuf (Somali: Sheekh Bashiir Yuusuf, Arabic: الشيخ يوسف بشير‎, born c. 1905 in Taleh, northern Somalia) was a Somali religious leader.	Bashir Yussuf	1905
date of birth	Marcela Pavia (born 1957) is an Italian-American composer.	Marcela Pavia	1957
date of birth	Pio Ricci (Florence, 1850 - August 21, 1919) was an Italian painter, mainly of genre and costume genre works.	Pio Ricci	1850
date of birth	Colette Dowling (c. 1938) is an American writer best known for her 1981 book The Cinderella Complex:	Colette Dowling	1938
date of birth	Salim Zanoun (Arabic: سليم الزعنون‎, Salim al-Za'nun; born 1933 in Gaza), also known as Abu al-Adib, is a veteran Palestinian politician.	Salim Zanoun	1933
date of birth	Richard Beke (1630--1707), of Westminster and Ford, Dinton, Buckinghamshire, was an English politician.	Richard Beke	1630
date of birth	Raymond Monsour Scurfield (born 1943) is an American professor emeritus of social work at The University of Southern Mississippi,Gulf Coast.	Raymond Monsour Scurfield	1943
date of birth	Hakeem Ali Mohammad (1906-1988) was an Unani physician in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Hakeem Ali Mohammad	1906
date of birth	Peter Schreck (b 1942) is an Australian writer, best known for his work in television.	Peter Schreck	1942
date of birth	Justice Manohar Pershad (born 8 July 1904, date of death unknown) was Chief Justice of Andhra Pradesh High Court.	Manohar Pershad	8 July 1904
date of birth	John Crank (6 February 1916 -- 3 October 2006) was a mathematical physicist, best known for his work on the numerical solution of partial differential equations.	John Crank	6 February 1916
date of birth	Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira, known as Luciano and previously Eriberto (born 3 December 1975) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Mantova.	Luciano Siqueira de Oliveira	3 December 1975
date of birth	Abigail Lazkoz (Bilbao, Basque Country, 16 August 1972) is a Basque artist.	Abigail Lazkoz	16 August 1972
date of birth	Guy Cosmo (born 12 March 1977 in Port Jefferson, NY) is an American racing driver who competes in the United SportsCar Championship.	Guy Cosmo	12 March 1977
date of birth	Isaac Heeney (born 5 May 1996) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing with the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League.	Isaac Heeney	5 May 1996
date of birth	Anthony Wesley (born 1966) is an Australian computer programmer and amateur astronomer, known for his discoveries of the 2009 and 2010 Jupiter impact events.	Anthony Wesley	1966
date of birth	Nazeem Hussain (born 21 April 1986) is an Australian comedian, actor, and radio presenter of Sri Lankan descent.	Nazeem Hussain	21 April 1986
date of birth	Jared Petrenko (born 22 December 1989) is a professional Australian rules footballer who is currently a free agent.	Jared Petrenko	22 December 1989
date of birth	Dušan Ristanović (born February 1933 in Čačak, Serbia) is a former Professor of Medical Biophysics at the Department of Biophysics of the Belgrade Medical School, Belgrade, Serbia.	Dušan Ristanović	1933
date of birth	Fauve Hautot (born 3 March 1986) is a French dancer and choreographer.	Fauve Hautot	3 March 1986
date of birth	Mohammed Asab (born 10 September 1987) is an Indian shooter who competes in the double trap event.	Mohammed Asab	10 September 1987
date of birth	Kalam Mooniaruck (born 22 November 1983) is an English-born Mauritian footballer who played as a winger.	Kalam Mooniaruck	22 November 1983
date of birth	Erica Spindler (born 1957) is a New York Times Best-Selling author, who specializes in romantic thrillers.	Erica Spindler	1957
date of birth	Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez (born 1 August 1971), is a former Mexican drug lord and top leader of the criminal drug trafficking organization known as the Gulf Cartel.	Jorge Eduardo Costilla Sánchez	1 August 1971
date of birth	Ahmet Yumrukaya (born 25 May 1984) is a Turkish rower competing in the lightweight coxless pair category.	Ahmet Yumrukaya	25 May 1984
date of birth	Sun Xiaojiao (born 18 December 1984 in Zhejiang) is a former Chinese artistic gymnast.	Sun Xiaojiao	18 December 1984
date of birth	Steven Webb (born 8 November 1984) is an English actor who has been performing in theatre, television and film from the age of eight.	Steven Webb	8 November 1984
date of birth	Åse Hedstrøm (born 17 April 1950) is a Norwegian composer based in Stockholm, Sweden.	Åse Hedstrøm	17 April 1950
date of birth	Wei Junxing (Chinese: 魏俊星; pinyin: Weì Jùnxīng; born October 1955) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Liaoning province in northeast China.	Wei Junxing	October 1955
date of birth	Andrés Baiz Ochoa (born 1975), also known as Andi Baiz, is a Colombian film director and screenwriter.	Andrés Baiz	1975
date of birth	Elias Luis Vernet (Vernet and Louis Elie) was born on 6 March 1791 in Hamburg.	Luis Vernet	6 March 1791
date of birth	Daniel Genis (born August 2, 1978) is a Russian-American journalist and writer.	Daniel Genis	1978
date of birth	Admiral Sir Baldwin Wake Walker, 1st Baronet KCB (6 January 1802 -- 12 February 1876) was Surveyor of the Navy from 1848 to 1861.	Baldwin Wake Walker	6 January 1802
date of birth	Juliane Seyfarth (born 19 February 1990) is a German ski jumper, who represents WSC 07 Ruhla.	Juliane Seyfarth	19 February 1990
date of birth	James Meechan (born 17 August 1930) is a Scottish-Canadian artist best known for his stained glass work.	James Meechan	17 August 1930
date of birth	Kiril Merdzhanski (also transliterated Merjanski) (Bulgarian: Кирил Мерджански) (born 30 July 1955 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian poet, playwright and translator from English.	Kiril Merdzhanski	30 July 1955
date of birth	Sadibou Hydara (1964 - 1995), was born in 1964 in Dippa Kunda, Serekunda, Gambia to Mandinka parents.	Sadibou Hydara	1964
date of birth	Brayden Lyle (born 6 March 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the West Coast Eagles and vice-captained Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Brayden Lyle	6 March 1973
date of birth	Liu Cigui (Chinese: 刘赐贵; born 18 September 1955) is a Chinese politician.	Liu Cigui	18 September 1955
date of birth	Joseph Dries (born 2 August 1942) is a retired Belgian road cyclist who was active between 1962 and 1963.	Joseph Dries	2 August 1942
date of birth	Graeme Shimmin (born 24 September 1967), is a British science-fiction novelist and blogger.	Graeme Shimmin	24 September 1967
date of birth	Tom Baxter (born Thomas Baxter Gleave, 29 October 1973) is an English singer-songwriter based in London.	Tom Baxter	29 October 1973
date of birth	Louis Fleury (24 May 1878 -- 10 June 1926) was a French flautist, pupil of Paul Taffanel at the Paris Conservatoire.	Louis Fleury	24 May 1878
date of birth	Anat Maor (Hebrew: ענת מאור‎, born 28 May 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Meretz between 1992 and 2003.	Anat Maor	28 May 1945
date of birth	Born November 4, 1939, Bishop Beverly J. Shamana graduated from Occidental College with a B.A. in Choral Conducting and Music Education in 1961.	Beverly J. Shamana	1939
date of birth	Christopher Webber (born 27 May 1953) is an English actor, dramatist, theatre director, writer and music critic.	Christopher Webber	27 May 1953
date of birth	Guillebert de Lannoy (also Gilbert, Guilbert or Ghillebert; 1386--1462), was a Flemish traveler and diplomat, chamberlain to the duke of Burgundy, governor of the fort of Sluys, and a knight of the Golden Fleece.	Guillebert de Lannoy	1386
date of birth	Alberto Porta y Muñoz, (Barcelona, 1946) is a Catalan artist with autodidact formation, known as Zush since 1968 and Evru since 2001.	Alberto Porta y Muñoz	1946
date of birth	Dušan Savnik (1919--1975) was a Slovene lawyer, journalist and translator.	Dušan Savnik	1919
date of birth	Saint Mateo Correa Magallanes (also known as Mateo Correa, Fr. Correa; 23 July 1866 --) was a Knight of Columbus, of Council 2140.	Mateo Correa Magallanes	23 July 1866
date of birth	Gulshan Grover (born 21 September 1955) is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 400 films.	Gulshan Grover	21 September 1955
date of birth	Shmuel Kozokin (Hebrew: שמואל קוזוקין‎; born 16 November 1987) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Ironi Beit Shemesh.	Shmuel Kozokin	16 November 1987
date of birth	Wesley Barresi (born 3 May 1984) is a South African born first-class and Netherlands international cricketer.	Wesley Barresi	3 May 1984
date of birth	André Joyeux (1871-?) was a French artist, first teacher and director of the Gia Định art school (Trường Mỹ nghệ thực hành Gia Định) founded in 1913 in a suburb of Saigon, 12 years before Victor Tardieu founded the national EBAI in Hanoi.	André Joyeux	1871
date of birth	Chris Munce (born 17 May 1969) is a highly successful Thoroughbred horse racing jockey who was convicted in Hong Kong on 1 March 2007 of taking bribes in exchange for racing tips.	Chris Munce	17 May 1969
date of birth	John Baynes (1758--1787) was an English lawyer and miscellaneous writer.	John Baynes	1758
date of birth	Clive Nolan (born 30 June 1961) is a British musician, composer and producer who has played a prominent role in the recent development of progressive rock.	Clive Nolan	30 June 1961
date of birth	Baden Cooke (born 12 October 1978) is an Australian retired professional racing cyclist, who competed professionally between 2000 and 2013.	Baden Cooke	12 October 1978
date of birth	Katoucha Niane (23 October 1960 -- 2 February 2008) was a French model.	Katoucha Niane	23 October 1960
date of birth	Guy Millar (born 23 April 1992) is an Australian rugby union footballer who plays as a prop for the Greater Sydney Rams and the Western Force.	Guy Millar	23 April 1992
date of birth	Paul Kee (8 November 1969) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played for Oxford United, Ards and Reading.	Paul Kee	8 November 1969
date of birth	John Picard (born 25 March 1957) is an American architect, builder, entrepreneur as well as a building efficiency and sustainability expert.	John Picard	25 March 1957
date of birth	Geremie Barmé (born 1954) is an Australian sinologist, author, and film-maker on modern and traditional China.	Geremie Barmé	1954
date of birth	Christoph Dabrowski (born 1 August 1978) is a German football manager and former footballer of Polish descent.	Christoph Dabrowski	1 August 1978
date of birth	Prof. Dr. Numan Kurtulmuş (born 1959) is a Turkish politician.	Numan Kurtulmuş	1959
date of birth	Terry Wallace (born 13 December 1958) is a former professional Australian rules football player and coach.	Terry Wallace	13 December 1958
date of birth	Rozlyne Clarke (born Roslyn Howell, 9 July 1967) is an Australian dance music singer, best known in France.	Rozlyne Clarke	9 July 1967
date of birth	Beatrice Heuser (born 15 March 1961 in Bangkok), is an historian and political scientist.	Beatrice Heuser	15 March 1961
date of birth	Hassan Butt (Urdu: حسن بٹ‎) (born 1980) is the British Pakistani former spokesman of the radical Islamic group al-Muhajiroun who now calls on Muslims to ``renounce terror''.	Hassan Butt	1980
date of birth	Bouchaib Arroub (Arabic: بوشعيب عروب‎; born c. 1936) is a Moroccan army general.	Bouchaib Arroub	1936
date of birth	Brent Lee (born 1964, Wynyard, Saskatchewan) is a Canadian composer and professor of Music Composition at the University of Windsor.	Brent Lee	1964
date of birth	Björn Andersson (born 20 July 1951) is a former Swedish footballer from Markaryd who played for Bayern Munich and was part of their European Cup victory in 1975.	Björn Andersson	20 July 1951
date of birth	Elisabeth Enger (born 1 July 1958) is a Norwegian civil servant, from August 2008 director of the Norwegian National Rail Administration.	Elisabeth Enger	1958
date of birth	Peter Catalanotto was born in March 1959 in Brooklyn, NY, and grew up in East Northport, Long Island, where he attended John Glenn High School.	Peter Catalanotto	March 1959
date of birth	Memnock (born 2 February 1974, real name Håkon Didriksen) is a bassist best known for playing in the Norwegian Extreme Metal band Susperia.	Memnock	2 February 1974
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Pranlas-Descours (born 1956) is a Parisian born award-winning French architect and urban planner associated with a minimalist aesthetic.	Jean-Pierre Pranlas-Descours	1956
date of birth	David Kracov (born 1968) is an American painter, animator and sculpture.	David Kracov	1968
date of birth	John Collison (born 1990) is an Irish student and entrepreneur.	John Collison	1990
date of birth	Alvanley Johnston (12 May 1875 - 17 September 1951) was a Canadian / American locomotive engineer who became head of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers (BLE), a union that covered the United States and Canada, holding the title of Grand Chief Engineer from 1925 to 1950.	Alvanley Johnston	12 May 1875
date of birth	Dave Amels (born 1960) co-founded music technology companies Voce musical instruments and Bomb Factory.	Dave Amels	1960
date of birth	Brendon Retzlaff (born 22 April 1969) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Bears, West Coast Eagles and Fremantle Dockers in the Australian Football League between 1992 and 1995.	Brendon Retzlaff	22 April 1969
date of birth	Frank Longland was born on 22 September 1870 in Brisbane, the son of David Ferdinand Longland and his wife Charlotte (née Sutton).	Frank Longland	22 September 1870
date of birth	Svetlana Sergeeva (born 26 March 1986) in Kargopol, Arkhangelsk Oblast is a Paralympian athlete from Russia, competing mainly in category T37 throwing and sprint events.	Svetlana Sergeeva	26 March 1986
date of birth	Nushrat Bharucha (born 17 May 1985) is an Indian film actress best known for her work in Pyar Ka Punchnama, Kal Kisne Dekha , Akaash Vani, Darr @ the Mall, Meeruthiya Gangster and Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2.	Nushrat Bharucha	17 May 1985
date of birth	Joshua Nadeau (born 12 September 1994) is a French footballer who played for French club AC Ajaccio.	Joshua Nadeau	12 September 1994
date of birth	Abdennour Abrous (born 1934 in Oujda, Morocco), is a former Algerian politician.	Abdennour Abrous	1934
date of birth	Robert Lachowicz (born 8 February 1990) is an English professional ice hockey left winger who is currently a playing in the EIHL.	Robert Lachowicz	8 February 1990
date of birth	Leslie Grace Martínez (born 7 January 1995), better known as Leslie Grace, is an American singer.	Leslie Grace	7 January 1995
date of birth	Craig Bird (born 21 January 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Craig Bird	21 January 1989
date of birth	Marcus Greatwood (born 18 March 1973) is a British freediving coach.	Marcus Greatwood	18 March 1973
date of birth	Manjeet Kaur (born 2 April 1982) is an Indian sprint athlete from Punjab who specializes in 400 metres.	Manjeet Kaur	2 April 1982
date of birth	Wang Jishan (王及善) (618 -- August 28, 699), formally Duke Zhen of Xing (邢貞公), was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian's Zhou Dynasty, serving as a chancellor during Wu Zetian's reign.	Wang Jishan	618
date of birth	Dr Yoram Lass (Hebrew: יורם לס‎; born 30 January 1945) is an Israeli physician and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 1992 and 1996.	Yoram Lass	30 January 1945
date of birth	Ilfak Guilfanov (Russian: Ильфак Гильфанов, born 1966) is a software developer, computer security researcher and blogger.	Ilfak Guilfanov	1966
date of birth	José Wellington Bento dos Santos (Chinese:迪天奴; born 11 September 1973), commonly known as Detinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Hong Kong club Wing Yee FT as a striker.	Detinho	11 September 1973
date of birth	Vikki Bunce (born 12 February 1983 in Dundee) is a field hockey forward from Scotland, who plays club hockey for Dundee Wanderers HC.	Vikki Bunce	12 February 1983
date of birth	Tarun Gogoi (Assamese: তৰুণ গগৈ; born 1 April 1936) is an Indian politician who has served as the Chief Minister of Assam since 2001.	Tarun Gogoi	1 April 1936
date of birth	Ben Cormack (born 13 October 1982) is a British writer and illustrator.	Ben Cormack	13 October 1982
date of birth	Adrian Hickmott (born 30 March 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton and Geelong in the AFL.	Adrian Hickmott	30 March 1972
date of birth	Mike Dash (born 1963) is a Welsh writer, historian and researcher.	Mike Dash	1963
date of birth	Elliot Greenebaum (born 1977) is an American film writer and director, best known for his award-winning debut movie, Assisted Living.	Elliot Greenebaum	1977
date of birth	Malavalli Huchche Gowda Amarnath (born 29 May 1952), known mononymously by screen name Ambareesh, is an Indian film actor, media personality and a politician from the Karnataka state.	Ambareesh	29 May 1952
date of birth	William Edward Toll was born in Bedford, England on 29 November 1843, the son of John and Mary Toll, and christened at St Peter's Church, Bedford on 31 December 1843.	William Edward Toll	29 November 1843
date of birth	Robert Castaigne (born 1947) is the chief financial officer of Total S.A..	Robert Castaigne	1947
date of birth	Charles P. Nemfakos (born 1942) was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) from 1998 to 2001.	Charles P. Nemfakos	1942
date of birth	Mohamed Zahafi (born 1959) is a Moroccan middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres.	Mohamed Zahafi	1959
date of birth	Count Krsto II Oršić Slavetićki (English: Christopher II Orshich of Slavetić), (1718--1782) was a Croatian nobleman and high-ranking officer in the Habsburg Monarchy imperial army service, a member of the Oršić noble family.	Krsto II Oršić	1718
date of birth	Caroline Cox, Baroness Cox FRCN; born 6 July 1937) is a cross-bench member of the British House of Lords.	Caroline Cox, Baroness Cox	6 July 1937
date of birth	Bjørn Oscar Gulbrandsen (17 September 1925 -- 14 April 2011) was a Norwegian ice hockey player and yacht racer.	Bjørn Oscar Gulbrandsen	17 September 1925
date of birth	Sir Augustus Wollaston Franks KCB (20 March 1826 -- 21 May 1897) was an English antiquary and museum administrator.	Augustus Wollaston Franks	20 March 1826
date of birth	Leonel de Lima (1403-1495) was a Portuguese nobleman, Viscount of Vila Nova de Cerveira.	Leonel de Lima	1403
date of birth	Prosper Montagné (pronounced: (pʁɔs.pɛʁ mɔ̃taɲe)) (14 November 1865 -- 22 April 1948) was a French chef and author of many books and articles on food, cooking, and gastronomy, notably the Larousse Gastronomique.	Prosper Montagné	14 November 1865
date of birth	David Penna (born 25 July 1972) is an Australian rugby league coach and former player who played for the Parramatta Eels and South Sydney Rabbitohs during his long professional career.	David Penna	25 July 1972
date of birth	Johnny K. Larsson (born 19 July 1949) is a Swedish engineer and Technical Specialist, Body-in-White Joining Technologies, at Volvo Car Corporation, where he focuses on joining technologies for passenger car body structures.	Johnny K. Larsson	19 July 1949
date of birth	Hans Persson, born 18 January 1959, is a Swedish former cross-country skier, specialized at long-distance races.	Hans Persson	18 January 1959
date of birth	Richard Fawkes (born 31 July 1944 in Camberley, Surrey, UK) is an award-winning writer and director.	Richard Fawkes	31 July 1944
date of birth	Allan Jeans (21 September 1933 -- 13 July 2011) was an Australian rules footballer and coach.	Allan Jeans	21 September 1933
date of birth	Antonio Cobas (Barcelona 1952 -- April 14, 2004) was a Spanish Grand Prix motorcycle designer, constructor and mechanic who built world championship winning motorcycles.	Antonio Cobas	1952
date of birth	Leo Moran (born 9 November 1964 in Tuam, Galway) is best known as lead guitarist and sometimes vocalist in the Irish folk rock band The Saw Doctors.	Leo Moran	9 November 1964
date of birth	John Roger Roberts, Baron Roberts of Llandudno (born 23 October 1935), is a Welsh Liberal Democrat politician.	Roger Roberts, Baron Roberts of Llandudno	23 October 1935
date of birth	Rev. Cooper Willyams (June, 1762 -- July 17, 1816) was a clergyman and a British Artist.	Cooper Willyams	June, 1762
date of birth	Gerard la Pucelle (sometimes Gerard Pucelle; c. 1117 -- 13 January 1184) was a peripatetic Anglo-French scholar of canon law, clerk, and Bishop of Coventry.	Gerard la Pucelle	1117
date of birth	Morten Veland (born 4 December 1977) is a Norwegian multi-instrumentalist, composer, songwriter, and producer.	Morten Veland	4 December 1977
date of birth	Ashoke Pandit (born 11 May 1957) is an Indian filmmaker and social activist.	Ashoke Pandit	11 May 1957
date of birth	Francesca von Habsburg-Lothringen (born 7 June 1958) is an art collector and the wife of Karl Habsburg-Lothringen, head of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine.	Francesca von Habsburg	7 June 1958
date of birth	Joseph Moxon (8 August 1627 - February 1691 ), hydrographer to Charles II, was an English printer of mathematical books and maps, a maker of globes and mathematical instruments, and mathematical lexicographer.	Joseph Moxon	8 August 1627
date of birth	Yogeshwar Amatya (born Yogeshwor Prasad Amatya, 3 April 1964) is a Nepali singer, musician, producer, actor, social activist, and photographer.	Yogeshwar Amatya	3 April 1964
date of birth	Dorothy Duncan (1903 -- April 22, 1957), American writer and artist, won the Governor General's Award for English-language non-fiction in 1946 for her book Partner in Three Worlds.	Dorothy Duncan	1903
date of birth	Lynne Hutchison (born 10 November 1994, Tokyo, Japan) is a British rhythmic gymnast.	Lynne Hutchison	10 November 1994
date of birth	Junko Chodos (born 1939) is a contemporary artist born and educated in Japan and residing in the United States since 1968.	Junko Chodos	1939
date of birth	Patrick Saint-Denis (born 1975) is a Canadian composer currently based in Montreal.	Patrick Saint-Denis	1975
date of birth	Alberto Achacaz Walakial (1929? -- August 4, 2008) was a Chilean citizen and one of the last full-blooded Kaweskars, who are also known as the Alacaluf.	Alberto Achacaz Walakial	1929
date of birth	Kustaa Ahmala (22 September 1867, Lumijoki - 30 August 1933) was a Finnish factory worker, construction worker, journalist and politician.	Kustaa Ahmala	22 September 1867
date of birth	Dame Susan Jocelyn Bell Burnell DBE FRS FRSE FRAS (born 15 July 1943) is a Northern Irish astrophysicist.	Jocelyn Bell Burnell	15 July 1943
date of birth	Mounir Sabet (sometimes spelled Mounir Thabet) (Arabic: منير ثابت‎) (born 29 October 1936) is an Egyptian general and sports official.	Mounir Sabet	29 October 1936
date of birth	Noel Colleran (born 1944 in Mountbellew, County Galway) is an Irish former sportsperson.	Noel Colleran	1944
date of birth	Pan Liangshi (Chinese: 潘良时; born October 1956) is a lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Pan Liangshi	1956
date of birth	Henri Griffet (1698--1771) was a leading Jesuit writer.	Henri Griffet	1698
date of birth	Vladimir Kadyshevsky (5 May 1937 -- 24 September 2014) was Russian theoretical physicist.	Vladimir Kadyshevsky	5 May 1937
date of birth	David Dinsmore (2 September 1968) is a Scottish newspaper executive and a former editor of The Sun newspaper.	David Dinsmore	2 September 1968
date of birth	Andreas van der Schaaf ('s-Gravenhage, 27 October 1951) is a Dutch television presenter, producer and program developer.	Andreas van der Schaaf	27 October 1951
date of birth	Thomas Hamilton, 3rd Earl of Haddington (1626 -- 8 February 1645) was a short-lived Scottish nobleman.	Thomas Hamilton, 3rd Earl of Haddington	1626
date of birth	Annie Rivieccio (born 1962) is an American bodybuilder and personal trainer.	Annie Rivieccio	1962
date of birth	Anne Ogborn is a transgender rights activist who was born in Salina, Kansas in 1959.	Anne Ogborn	1959
date of birth	Hans Leonhard Schäufelein (c. 1480--1540) was a German painter, designer, and wood engraver.	Hans Leonhard Schäufelein	1480
date of birth	Jeremy Gimpel (born 1979) is an educator, politician and presenter of Israel Inspired, a podcast that has had 12 million views on YouTube.	Jeremy Gimpel	1979
date of birth	Gyula J. Obádovics (born 1927) is a Hungarian mathematician, Dr. Techn., Dr. Rer.	Gyula J. Obádovics	1927
date of birth	Douglas Robert Hadow (30 May 1846 -- 14 July 1865) was a British novice mountaineer who died on the descent after the first ascent of the Matterhorn.	Douglas Robert Hadow	30 May 1846
date of birth	Wen Spencer (born 1963) is an American science fiction and fantasy writer whose books center on characters with unusual abilities, and which might be regarded as original variations on the standard vampire and werewolf themes.	Wen Spencer	1963
date of birth	Paul Chalmers (born 31 October 1963) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a striker for several clubs.	Paul Chalmers	31 October 1963
date of birth	Kathinka Pasveer (born 11 June 1959) is a Dutch flautist.	Kathinka Pasveer	11 June 1959
date of birth	Krishna Lal Chadha was born on 15 November 1936 in Bhopalwala, Sialkot, in the British India, presently in Pakistan.	Krishna Lal Chadha	15 November 1936
date of birth	Henry Holyoake (1657--1731) was a headmaster of Rugby School for more than forty years in the 17th and 18th centuries.	Henry Holyoake	1657
date of birth	Mykola Ovsianiko-Kulikovsky (Russian: Николай Овсянико-Куликовский, 1768--1846) was the purported author of a famous musical hoax Symphony No. 21 (Ovsianiko-Kulikovsky), perpetrated by composer and violinist Mikhail Goldstein.	Mykola Ovsianiko-Kulikovsky	1768
date of birth	David Behre (born 13 September 1986) is a German Paralympic sprint runner in the T43 class.	David Behre	13 September 1986
date of birth	Randolph Mank (born 1954) is a Canadian foreign dignitary and former Ambassador to Indonesia, Pakistan, and Malaysia.	Randolph Mank	1954
date of birth	Carolina Moscheni (born 23 May 1996) is an Italian ice dancer.	Carolina Moscheni	23 May 1996
date of birth	Sir Lancelot Graham, KCSI, KCIE (1880--1958) was an Indian civil servant during the British Raj.	Lancelot Graham	1880
date of birth	Bryan Martyn (27 December 1930 -- 9 June 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the VFL during the 1950s.	Bryan Martyn	27 December 1930
date of birth	Carl-Henrik Heldin (born 9 August 1952) is a Swedish molecular biologist and medical researcher.	Carl-Henrik Heldin	9 August 1952
date of birth	Wendel Geraldo Maurício e Silva, commonly known as Wendel, (born 8 April 1982) is a Brazilian left winger or left wingback.	Wendel Geraldo	8 April 1982
date of birth	Chris Rivett (born 25 April 1979) is the chairman of Olympic Catuvellauni, a multi-discipline sporting club he formed in 2013.	Chris Rivett	25 April 1979
date of birth	Stanley Rossiter Benedict (17 March 1884 -- 21 December 1936) was an American chemist best known for discovering Benedict's reagent, a solution that detects certain sugars.	Stanley Rossiter Benedict	17 March 1884
date of birth	Gilmelândia Palmeira dos Santos (born Salvador, Bahia, 20 September 1975) known as Gil or Gilmelândia, is a Brazilian singer, actress and TV presenter.	Gilmelândia	20 September 1975
date of birth	Oscar James (born 25 July 1942) is a Trinidadian actor, who is based in the United Kingdom.	Oscar James	25 July 1942
date of birth	Graeme Horne (born 22 March 1985 in Kingston upon Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire) is a professional rugby league footballer for the Hull Kingston Rovers.	Graeme Horne	22 March 1985
date of birth	Haggai Hoberman (Hebrew: חגי הוברמן‎; b. 24 Nisan 1959) is an Israeli journalist and author.	Haggai Hoberman	1959
date of birth	Nayer Nagui (born 1970) is an Egyptian composer, conductor, musical director and pianist.	Nayer Nagui	1970
date of birth	Abraham Hanson (1818 - 1866) was an English-born American pastor and diplomat.	Abraham Hanson	1818
date of birth	Ezra Getzler (born 9 February 1962) is an Australian mathematician and mathematical physicist.	Ezra Getzler	9 February 1962
date of birth	Ann Pilling (born 17 October 1944) is an English author and poet best known for young-adult fiction.	Ann Pilling	17 October 1944
date of birth	Dr. Kedrick Pickering (born 8 April 1958) is the current Deputy Premier of the Virgin Islands, also known as the British Virgin Islands.	Kedrick Pickering	8 April 1958
date of birth	Mark Sension (also Mark St. John) (1630 -- August 12, 1693) was an early settler of Norwalk, Connecticut, deputy of the Connecticut General Assembly of the Colony of Connecticut from Norwalk in the sessions of October 1672, October 1676, October 1678, and May and October 1684.	Mark Sension	1630
date of birth	Franco Lazzaroni (born 6 February 1988 in Sarmiento, Santa Fe) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Colón as a Defender.	Franco Lazzaroni	6 February 1988
date of birth	Seán Condon (1923 -- 27 October 2001) was an Irish hurler who played as a centre-forward for the Cork senior team.	Seán Condon	1923
date of birth	Nebojša Stojković (Serbian Cyrillic: Небојша Стојковић; born 2 June 1974) is a former Serbian football player.	Nebojša Stojković	2 June 1974
date of birth	Giacomo Carlini (2 August 1904 -- 2 August 1963) was an Italian sprinter, hurdler and a specialist in combined events.	Giacomo Carlini	2 August 1904
date of birth	Henry Lascelles, 2nd Earl of Harewood DL (25 December 1767 -- 24 November 1841), known as Viscount Lascelles from 1814 to 1820, was a British peer and Member of Parliament.	Henry Lascelles, 2nd Earl of Harewood	25 December 1767
date of birth	Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah (Arabic: خالد بن محمد العطية, born 9 March 1967) is a Qatari politician who was Minister of Foreign Affairs of Qatar from June 2013 to January 2016.	Khalid bin Mohammad Al Attiyah	9 March 1967
date of birth	Goran Gutalj (Serbian Cyrillic: Горан Гутаљ ; born 12 November 1969) is a retired Bosnian Serb professional footballer.	Goran Gutalj	12 November 1969
date of birth	Ben Demery (born 19 September 1986) is an Australian Paralympic tandem cyclist with a vision impairment.	Ben Demery	19 September 1986
date of birth	Dumitru Solomon (1932- February 9, 2003) was a Romanian author of essays, plays, and chronicles.	Dumitru Solomon	1932
date of birth	Ģirts Līcis (born 1970 in Riga, Latvian SSR) is a Latvian entrepreneur mostly known as TV presenter of Gribi būt miljonārs?, the Latvian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? which he hosted from 2007 to 2008.	Ģirts Līcis	1970
date of birth	Ilkka Villi (born 4 August 1975) is a Finnish actor and writer, best known internationally for his work in the video game Alan Wake.	Ilkka Villi	4 August 1975
date of birth	David Lukaszewski (born 1970) is an American poker player.	David Lukaszewski	1970
date of birth	Maciej Parowski (born 27 December 1946 in Warsaw) is a Polish publicist, essayist, writer and translator.	Maciej Parowski	27 December 1946
date of birth	Fannie Porter (February 12, 1873 -- c. 1940) was a well-known madam of the 19th century.	Fannie Porter	1873
date of birth	Heinz-Jürgen Kluge, known as Jürgen Kluge (born 25 April 1941), is a physicist probably best known for the development of ion-storage devices and methods for accurate measurements of nuclear masses.	Heinz-Jürgen Kluge	25 April 1941
date of birth	John Alderton (born 27 November 1940) is an English actor who is best known for his roles in Upstairs, Downstairs, Thomas & Sarah, Little Miss, Please Sir!, and Fireman Sam.	John Alderton	27 November 1940
date of birth	Cornelius Sneek (1455-1534) was a 15th-16th century Dominican priest and a member of the Congregation of Holland.	Cornelius Sneek	1455
date of birth	L. Stewart Hinckley (1902-1968) served as a member of the California State Assembly from the 73rd district.	L. Stewart Hinckley	1902
date of birth	L. Susan Brown (born 1959) is a Canadian anarchist communist writer and theoretician.	L. Susan Brown	1959
date of birth	Sarah Gillett CMG CVO (born 21 July 1956) is a British diplomat who is Ambassador to Norway.	Sarah Gillett	21 July 1956
date of birth	Lorna Brown (born 1958) is a Canadian artist, curator and writer.	Lorna Brown	1958
date of birth	Mamdouh Abbas (born 1946) is an Egyptian millionaire businessman.	Mamdouh Abbas	1946
date of birth	Nabil Dirar (Arabic: نبيل ضرار‎, born 25 February 1986) is a Moroccan footballer who currently plays for Monaco and the Moroccan national team.	Nabil Dirar	25 February 1986
date of birth	Monika Sozanska (born 13 March 1983) is a Polish- German épée fencer.	Monika Sozanska	13 March 1983
date of birth	Han Weiguo (Chinese: 韩卫国; born January 1956) is a lieutenant general (zhong Jiang) in the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) and the inaugural Commander of the Central Theater Command.	Han Weiguo	1956
date of birth	Jožef Kerec (born Kerécz József) (15 October 1892 in Prosečka Vas -- 27 June 1974) was the first Slovene Salesian missionary in China.	Jožef Kerec	15 October 1892
date of birth	Paul McLaney (born 1975 in Stockton-on-Tees, England) is a New Zealand-based composer, singer and guitarist.	Paul McLaney	1975
date of birth	Count Albert Gyulay de Marosnémethi et Nádaska or Albert Gyulai von Máros-Németh und Nádaska, born 12 September 1766 -- died 27 April 1835, a Hungarian, joined the army of Habsburg Austria and fought against Ottoman Turkey.	Albert Gyulay	12 September 1766
date of birth	Clyde Lee Conrad (1948 -- January 8, 1998) was an U.S. Army non-commissioned officer who, from 1974 until his arrest on August 23, 1988, sold top secret classified information to the People's Republic of Hungary, including top secret NATO war plans.	Clyde Lee Conrad	1948
date of birth	Atta Yaqub (born 1979) is a Scottish model and actor of Pakistani/Punjabi descent.	Atta Yaqub	1979
date of birth	Enrico Brignano (born 18 May 1966) is an Italian actor, playwright, comedian, presenter and writer.	Enrico Brignano	18 May 1966
date of birth	Anura C. Perera (born 18 June 1947) is a Sri Lankan science writer and astronomer.	Anura C. Perera	18 June 1947
date of birth	William John Wainwright PRBSA (1855--1931) was a painter who spent most of his life in Birmingham, England.	William John Wainwright	1855
date of birth	Rostislav Čtvrtlík (9 November 1963 -- 6 March 2011) was a Czech stage, television and voice actor.	Rostislav Čtvrtlík	9 November 1963
date of birth	Alan Blinston (born 15 June 1944) is a British former long-distance runner.	Alan Blinston	15 June 1944
date of birth	Glyn Colledge (1922--2000) was an English designer of pottery.	Glyn Colledge	1922
date of birth	Roderick Buchanan (born 1965) is a Scottish artist working in the fields of installation, film and photography.	Roderick Buchanan	1965
date of birth	Jerrome Sobers (born 18 April 1986) is an English footballer of Dominican descent who played as a defender for Isthmian League Premier Division side Tonbridge Angels.	Jerrome Sobers	18 April 1986
date of birth	Pieter Timmers (born 21 January 1988) is a Belgian competitive swimmer who specializes in sprint freestyle events.	Pieter Timmers	21 January 1988
date of birth	Charles Bruffy (born 1958) is an American choral conductor.	Charles Bruffy	1958
date of birth	Lara Teeter (born 1955) is an American dancer, actor, singer, theatre director and college professor.	Lara Teeter	1955
date of birth	Manuel José Marques Pires, better known as Manuel Balela (21 October 1956) is a Portuguese football coach.	Manuel Balela	21 October 1956
date of birth	Ofir Drori (Hebrew: אופיר דרורי‎; born 26 April 1976) is an Israeli writer and activist based in Central Africa.	Ofir Drori	26 April 1976
date of birth	Kassoum Ouédraogo (born 12 April 1966), sometimes spelled as Kassoum Quedraogo, is a former Burkinabé footballer.	Kassoum Ouédraogo	12 April 1966
date of birth	Michael Butterworth (born 1947) is a British author and publisher who has written novels and short stories in the science fiction genre.	Michael Butterworth	1947
date of birth	Adrian Sutil (German pronunciation: (ˈadɾjan zuˈtil); born 11 January 1983) is a German racing driver who most recently drove for Sauber in Formula One for the 2014 season.	Adrian Sutil	11 January 1983
date of birth	Odysseus Eskitzoglou (Greek: Οδυσσευς Εσκιτζογλου , born 3 May 1932) is a Greek sailor and Olympic Champion.	Odysseus Eskitzoglou	3 May 1932
date of birth	Lieutenant Wilfred Parke RN (1889--1912) was a British aviator who was the first pilot to make an observed recovery from a spin.	Wilfred Parke	1889
date of birth	Abraham Hill FRS (19 April 1633 London - 5 February 1721) was a British merchant.	Abraham Hill	19 April 1633
date of birth	René Carayol (born 10 September 1958) is a business and leadership speaker, broadcaster, broadsheet columnist and author.	René Carayol	10 September 1958
date of birth	Lynn Farleigh (born 3 May 1942) is an English actress of stage and screen.	Lynn Farleigh	3 May 1942
date of birth	John Bailey Langhorne (12 November 1816 -- 17 May 1877) was proprietor of the Newcastle Chronicle.	John Bailey Langhorne	1816
date of birth	Abraham van der Waeyen Pieterszen (14 May 1817 -- 16 April 1880) was a Dutch-born painter, trained in Antwerp.	Abraham van der Waeyen Pieterszen	14 May 1817
date of birth	Pierdomenico Perata (Genova, 24 March 1962) is an Italian physiologist whose activities are focused on Plant Physiology and Plant Biology.	Pierdomenico Perata	24 March 1962
date of birth	Susman Kiselgof (Зусман Аронович Кисельгоф; 1884 in Belizh, Vitebsk Governorate -- 1939 in Leningrad) was a Russian-Jewish folksong collector.	Susman Kiselgof	1884
date of birth	Michael Steiner (born 28 November 1949, in Munich) is a German diplomat who served head of the United Nations Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).	Michael Steiner	28 November 1949
date of birth	George Washington Watts (18 August 1851 -- 7 March 1921) was an American manufacturer, financier and philanthropist.	George Washington Watts	18 August 1851
date of birth	Mathiaparanan Abraham Sumanthiran (Tamil: மதியாபரணம் ஆபிரகாம் சுமந்திரன்; born 9 February 1964; commonly known as M. A. Sumanthiran) is a Sri Lankan Tamil lawyer, politician and Member of Parliament.	M. A. Sumanthiran	9 February 1964
date of birth	Hossein Ziai (July 6, 1944 -- August 24, 2011) was a professor of Islamic philosophy and Iranian Studies and held the inaugural Jahangir and Eleanor Amuzegar Chair in Iranian Studies at UCLA until his passing.	Hossein Ziai	1944
date of birth	Hannah Perschel (*born 1940 in Köflach, Styria) is an Austrian born and raised artist of Swiss nationality.	Hannah Perschel	1940
date of birth	Li Changcai (simplified Chinese: 李长才; traditional Chinese: 李長才; pinyin: Lǐ Chángcái; born January 1949) is a retired general in the People's Liberation Army of China.	Li Changcai	January 1949
date of birth	Anders Nyblom (born 26 November 1981 in Vaasa, Finland) is an amateur Danish Greco-Roman wrestler, who played for the featherweight division.	Anders Nyblom	26 November 1981
date of birth	Yigal Cohen-Orgad (Hebrew: יגאל כהן-אורגד‎, born 30 August 1937) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Finance from October 1983 until September 1984.	Yigal Cohen-Orgad	30 August 1937
date of birth	Richard V. Gotti (born 1942) is a capo in the Gambino crime family.	Richard V. Gotti	1942
date of birth	Antoine-Philéas Côté (19 August 1903 -- 27 September 1954) was a Liberal party and Independent Liberal member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Philéas Côté	19 August 1903
date of birth	Liu Xiaosheng (刘孝生) (born 5 January 1988 in Raoping, Guangdong) is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Liu Xiaosheng	5 January 1988
date of birth	Nikolaj Sørensen (born 18 February 1989) is a Danish ice dancer.	Nikolaj Sørensen	18 February 1989
date of birth	Martin Birrane (born 19 August 1935) is an Irish businessman, former racing driver, and owner of the Mondello Park racetrack in Kildare.	Martin Birrane	1935
date of birth	Vicki Phillips (born about 1958) is an educator who has held government and non-profit positions in various parts of the United States.	Vicki Phillips	1958
date of birth	Laércio Gomes Costa, sometimes known as Laércio Carreirinha or simply Laércio (born 3 February 1990), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for the Armenian Premier League side Banants of Yerevan as a striker.	Laércio Gomes Costa	3 February 1990
date of birth	Michael David Thomas, CMG, QC, SC (born on 8 September 1933; Chinese: 唐明治) was the penultimate Attorney General of Hong Kong before the Transfer of sovereignty of Hong Kong in 1997.	Michael David Thomas	8 September 1933
date of birth	Smilja Avramov (born 15 February 1918) is a Serbian academic, authority and educator in international law.	Smilja Avramov	15 February 1918
date of birth	Charles O'Tudor (born 20 June 1971) is a Nigerian, brand strategist, public speaker and businessman.	Charles O'Tudor	1971
date of birth	Ryan Neates (born 26 June 1991) is an Australian rules footballer currently listed with the Claremont Football Club in the West Australian Football League (WAFL), having previously played with the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Ryan Neates	26 June 1991
date of birth	Charles Umpherston Aitchison, born in Edinburgh on 20 May 1832, was the son of Hugh Aitchison of that city, by his wife Elizabeth, daughter of Charles Umpherston of Loanhead near Edinburgh.	Charles Umpherston Aitchison	20 May 1832
date of birth	Beryl Burton, OBE (12 May 1937 -- 5 May 1996) was an English racing cyclist.	Beryl Burton	12 May 1937
date of birth	Dane Salmon (born 6 November 1984) better known by his stage name Booba Starr is a Jamaican Reggae & Dancehall singer and songwriter.	Booba Starr	6 November 1984
date of birth	Peter Blauner (born October 29, 1959) is an American author, journalist, and television producer.	Peter Blauner	1959
date of birth	Syed Afzal Ali (born 1834) was a famous personality from Bulandshahr.	Afzal Ali	1834
date of birth	Fulvio Melia (born 2 August 1956) is an Italian-American astrophysicist and author.	Fulvio Melia	2 August 1956
date of birth	Henock Trouillot (1923 - 1988) was a Haitian historian, playwright, and novelist.	Henock Trouillot	1923
date of birth	Henry Trevor Lenton (8 February 1924 -- 7 May 2009) was an English naval historian, specialising in the area of 20th-century naval history and warship design.	Henry Trevor Lenton	8 February 1924
date of birth	Franz André Heller (born 22 March 1947 as Francis Charles Georges Jean André Heller-Hueart) is an Austrian artist, author, poet, singer, songwriter and actor.	André Heller	22 March 1947
date of birth	Mat Bruso (born 1983) is vocalist of the Massachusetts metalcore band, Bury Your Dead.	Mat Bruso	1983
date of birth	Epiphanius Evesham (fl. 1570 -- c. 1623) was a British sculptor.	Epiphanius Evesham	1570
date of birth	Rear Admiral Koos Louw (born 17 July 1952) is a retired South African Navy officer.	Koos Louw	17 July 1952
date of birth	Milan Trenc (born 1962) is a Croatian illustrator, film director and novelist.	Milan Trenc	1962
date of birth	Adrian Searle (born 1953 in Welwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire) is the chief art critic of The Guardian newspaper in Britain, and has been writing for the paper since 1996.	Adrian Searle	1953
date of birth	Frank Bren (born 1943) is an Australian actor, playwright, and scholar of film history.	Frank Bren	1943
date of birth	Julius Jaenzon (8 July 1885 -- 17 February 1961) was a Swedish cinematographer, essential in the early Swedish silent cinema.	Julius Jaenzon	8 July 1885
date of birth	Neville Brown (born 26 February 1966) is a British former boxer who was British middleweight champion between 1993 and 1998, and also fought for Commonwealth, European, and World titles.	Neville Brown	26 February 1966
date of birth	Corneliu Stroe (born 22 October 1949, in Bucharest) is a Romanian drummer and percussionist.	Corneliu Stroe	22 October 1949
date of birth	Ante Gotovina (born 12 October 1955) is a Croatian retired lieutenant general and former French senior corporal who served in the Croatian War for Independence.	Ante Gotovina	12 October 1955
date of birth	Princess Nejla bint Asem (born 9 May 1988 in Amman) is the daughter of Prince Asem bin Al Nayef and Princess Sana Asem.	Princess Nejla bint Asem	9 May 1988
date of birth	Jacques Godin (French pronunciation: ​(ʒak godɛ̃); born September 14, 1930) is a Canadian film and television actor.	Jacques Godin	1930
date of birth	Henriette Renié (18 September 1875 -- 1 March 1956) was a French harpist and composer, a deeply religious woman who lived in poverty for much of her life, but who was independent and successful in a time when fame was socially unacceptable for women.	Henriette Renié	18 September 1875
date of birth	Volker Hesse (born 30 December 1944) is a German Theatre producer.	Volker Hesse	30 December 1944
date of birth	Loris Abate (born 1928) is an Italian jewelry designer and businessman.	Loris Abate	1928
date of birth	Semyon Alesker (Hebrew: סמיון אלסקר‎; born 1972) is an Israeli mathematician at Tel Aviv University.	Semyon Alesker	1972
date of birth	Myra Kelly (1875--1910) was an Irish American schoolteacher and author.	Myra Kelly	1875
date of birth	Philip of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein (17 February 1550 -- 6 March 1606), Count of Hohenlohe-Langenburg, was an army commander in service of the Dutch Republic.	Philip of Hohenlohe-Neuenstein	17 February 1550
date of birth	Sandy Julien Wilhelm (born 22 April 1975) better known by his stage name Sandy Vee, is a French music producer and songwriter.	Sandy Vee	22 April 1975
date of birth	Grant Nelson (born 27 April 1971 in London), also known as Wishdokta, Bump & Flex and N'n'G, is an English DJ, remixer and record producer.	Grant Nelson	27 April 1971
date of birth	Gavin Love (born 2 June 1978 in Plymouth, England) is a former British professional basketball player and current head coach for Copenhagen Wolfpack of the Danish Basketball League.	Gavin Love	2 June 1978
date of birth	Olivette Bice (née Daruhi born 12 May 1968 in Espiritu Santo) is a Vanuatuan sprinter.	Olivette Bice	12 May 1968
date of birth	Herluf Zahle (14 March 1873 -- 4 May 1941) was a Danish barrister with the Supreme Court, a career diplomat and the President of the League of Nations from 1928 to 1929.	Herluf Zahle	14 March 1873
date of birth	Richard Baerwald (1867--1929) was a German academic psychologist, in Berlin.	Richard Baerwald	1867
date of birth	Javier Ninja (birth name Javier Madrid, born 10 March 1984 in Queens (New York City)) is an American vogue dancer and teacher.	Javier Ninja	10 March 1984
date of birth	Scott Grix (born 1 May 1984 in Halifax) is an Irish professional rugby league footballer for Huddersfield of Super League.	Scott Grix	1 May 1984
date of birth	Oddvar Einarson (born 7 February 1949) is a Norwegian movie director.	Oddvar Einarson	7 February 1949
date of birth	Rodrigo Pessoa (born 29 November 1972 in Paris, France) is a Brazilian equestrian and show jumper.	Rodrigo Pessoa	29 November 1972
date of birth	Moritz Schulz (born 4 November 1825 in Leobschütz, Upper Silesia; died 1904) was a German sculptor.	Moritz Schulz	4 November 1825
date of birth	Ronald Moody (12 August 1900 -- 6 February 1984) was a Jamaican-born sculptor, specialising in wood carvings.	Ronald Moody	12 August 1900
date of birth	Horace Gould (born Horace Harry Twigg 20 September 1918 -- 4 November 1968) was a British former racing driver from Bristol England.	Horace Gould	20 September 1918
date of birth	Jean Stead (b. 1926, Huddersfield, Yorkshire), is a reporter, national news editor for The Guardian, and labour historian.	Jean Stead	1926
date of birth	Mark Heap (born 13 May 1957) is an English actor, best known for his roles in Spaced, Brass Eye, Big Train, Jam and Green Wing.	Mark Heap	13 May 1957
date of birth	Saint Euphrosynus of Pskov (c. 1386 -- May 15, 1481) was a Russian monk and founder of a monastic community.	Euphrosynus of Pskov	1386
date of birth	Inke Arns (born 1968, Duisdorf/Bonn) is an independent art curator and author.	Inke Arns	1968
date of birth	Ratu Peni Tagive (born 3 October 1988 in Campbelltown, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Sydney Roosters in the Australian National Rugby League (NRL) competition.	Peni Tagive	3 October 1988
date of birth	Keijo Parkkinen (born 1965) is a Finnish orienteering competitor, four times medalist in the relay at the World Orienteering Championships.	Keijo Parkkinen	1965
date of birth	M. K. Sankaran Namboothiri (Malayalam: ശങ്കരന്‍ നമ്പൂതിരി) (aka Pranavam Sankaran Namboothiri) (born 1971) is a Carnatic classical music vocalist and playback singer from Kerala.	M. K. Sankaran Namboothiri	1971
date of birth	Benjamin Taliaferro (1750 -- September 3, 1821) was a politician and United States Representative from Georgia.	Benjamin Taliaferro	1750
date of birth	Giorgio Cantarini (12 April 1992) is an Italian actor who, to date, has appeared in two Academy Award winning films: 1997's Life Is Beautiful (Italian: La vita è bella) and 2000's Gladiator.	Giorgio Cantarini	12 April 1992
date of birth	Mathieu Léveillé (1709 -- September 9, 1743) was an executioner in Canada from 1733 to 1743, originally a Black slave.	Mathieu Léveillé	1709
date of birth	Vincent Baggetta (once billed as Vince Baggetta, also listed as Vincent Beggetta) (born 7 December 1944) is an American television actor.	Vincent Baggetta	7 December 1944
date of birth	Laurens ten Dam (born 13 November 1980) is a Dutch road racing cyclist with UCI ProTeam Team LottoNL - Jumbo.	Laurens ten Dam	13 November 1980
date of birth	Sjors Verdellen (born 29 November 1981) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for EVV in the Dutch Topklasse.	Sjors Verdellen	29 November 1981
date of birth	Tor Milde (14 January 1953 -- 15 January 2014) was a Norwegian music journalist and writer.	Tor Milde	14 January 1953
date of birth	Aled Summerhill (born 22 November 1994) is a Welsh rugby union player who plays for Cardiff Blues regional team as a centre, winger, or as a fullback.	Aled Summerhill	22 November 1994
date of birth	Elke Reva Sudin (born 1987) is an American Artist and Illustrator.	Elke Reva Sudin	1987
date of birth	Roy North (born 16 March 1941, Hull, Yorkshire, England) is an English actor and television presenter, who played Mr Roy in Basil Brush.	Roy North	16 March 1941
date of birth	Cleopatra Coleman (born 29 October 1987) is an Australian actress who lives in Los Angeles, California.	Cleopatra Coleman	29 October 1987
date of birth	Khwaja Shamsuddin Azeemi (Urdu: خواجه شمس الدين عظيمي‎; born 17 October 1927) is a Pakistani scholar of international repute in the field of spiritualism.	Khwaja Shamsuddin Azeemi	17 October 1927
date of birth	Elmer Holmes Bobst (1884--1978) was an American businessman and philanthropist who worked in the pharmaceutical industry.	Elmer Holmes Bobst	1884
date of birth	Craig Zetter (born 30 June 1977) is a football (soccer) referee in the A-League.	Craig Zetter	30 June 1977
date of birth	Dr Bessam Farjo (born 14 December 1963 in Iraq) is a highly acclaimed hair transplant surgeon; he has been working as a specialist in hair restoration surgery and medicine since 1993.	Bessam Farjo	14 December 1963
date of birth	Ben Teekloh (born 6 December 1983) is a retired Liberian football defensive midfielder who last played for FC Astra II Giurgiu in Romania.	Ben Teekloh	6 December 1983
date of birth	Rezwan Ferdaus (born 1985) is a United States citizen of Bangladeshi descent who is serving a federal prison sentence after pleading guilty to terrorism charges in 2012.	Rezwan Ferdaus	1985
date of birth	Tian Jiyun (simplified Chinese: 田纪云; traditional Chinese: 田紀雲; pinyin: Tián Jìyún; born 1929 in Feicheng, Shandong) is a politician in the People's Republic of China, known as a supporter of Deng Xiaoping's reforms.	Tian Jiyun	1929
date of birth	Mikael Davud (born 24 April 1971) is a Norwegian Al-Qaeda operative convicted for conspiracy to commit terror.	Mikael Davud	24 April 1971
date of birth	Domenico Guidi (1625 -- March 28, 1701) was a prominent Italian Baroque sculptor.	Domenico Guidi	1625
date of birth	Professor İhsan Doğramacı (3 April 1915 -- 25 February 2010) was a Turkish paediatrician, entrepreneur, philanthropist, educationalist and college administrator of Iraqi Turkmen descent born in Arbil, Iraq, then Ottoman Empire.	İhsan Doğramacı	3 April 1915
date of birth	Abbes Harchi (Arabic: عباس حرشي‎; born 11 May 1936) is a Moroccan fencer.	Abbes Harchi	11 May 1936
date of birth	Thijs van Leer (pronounced: /tɛis vɑn lɪ:r/; born 31 March 1948) is a Dutch musician, singer and composer, best known for heading the Dutch progressive rock band, Focus, as primary vocalist, Hammond organ player, and flautist.	Thijs van Leer	31 March 1948
date of birth	Sergiu Hart (born 1949) is an Israeli mathematician and economist and the past President of the Game Theory Society (2008 -- 2010).	Sergiu Hart	1949
date of birth	Sepand Samzadeh (born 21 September 1975) is an American-Canadian-Iranian musician and producer.	Sepand Samzadeh	21 September 1975
date of birth	Bryan Waters (born 21 January 1938) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1950s.	Bryan Waters	21 January 1938
date of birth	Victoria Hawkins Born 24 September 1983 (sometimes credited as Vicky Hawkins) is an English actress.	Victoria Hawkins	24 September 1983
date of birth	Archibald Douglas, Earl of Moray (1426 -- 1 May 1455) was a Scottish nobleman during the reign of King James II of Scotland.	Archibald Douglas, Earl of Moray	1426
date of birth	Geoffrey Rees CBE FRSA (born 28 February 1946) was the principal of Ivybridge Community College in Devon, England until early 2010.	Geoffrey Rees	28 February 1946
date of birth	James Colebrooke Patterson , also found as J.C. Patterson, (1839 - February 17, 1929) was a lawyer and a Canadian political figure.	J.C. Patterson	1839
date of birth	Petter Jansen (born 30 August 1955) is a Norwegian businessperson and CEO of Norwegian Property.	Petter Jansen	1955
date of birth	Mindia Matidia or Matidia Minor (Minor Latin for the younger, 85-after 161) was related to several important ancient Roman Emperors.	Matidia Minor	85
date of birth	Richard Henry Mills (born July 19, 1929) is a senior United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois.	Richard Henry Mills	1929
date of birth	Katherine Ng Kit Shuen (伍潔鏇), born in 1974, is the Political Assistant to the Secretary for Financial Services & the Treasury of Hong Kong.	Katherine Ng	1974
date of birth	Kjell Jerselius (born 27 September 1945) is an ex teacher at the Swedish school of NTI in Stockholm, but he is also a director of the movie Mot härliga tider (Happy Days Are Here Again).	Kjell Jerselius	27 September 1945
date of birth	Charles Edward Breese (26 March 1867 -- 15 August 1932) was a Welsh solicitor, antiquarian and Liberal politician.	Charles Edward Breese	1867
date of birth	Archibald Blue (3 February 1840 -- 27 July 1914), born in Orford Township, Upper Canada, was a teacher, journalist, and civil servant.	Archibald Blue	3 February 1840
date of birth	Steve Lambert is an American artist (born 1976) who works with issues of advertising and the use of public space.	Steve Lambert	1976
date of birth	Eelco Schattorie (born 18 December 1971) is a Dutch football coach and former player who last managed I-League side East Bengal.	Eelco Schattorie	18 December 1971
date of birth	Amanda Blair (born 20 October 1968) is an Australian radio broadcaster who a former columnist with the Sunday Mail, and a former member of the Social Inclusion Board, and has been a board member of the Adelaide Festival since 2004.	Amanda Blair	20 October 1968
date of birth	Dr. Joseph H. Howard (1912 - 1994) a dentist by profession gathered what is arguably the ``largest collection'' of drums in the Americas.	Joseph H. Howard	1912
date of birth	Romain de Tirtoff (23 November 1892 -- 21 April 1990) was a Russian-born French artist and designer known by the pseudonym Erté, from the French pronunciation of his initials (pronounced: (ɛʁ.te)).	Erté	23 November 1892
date of birth	Sayed Mustafa Kazemi (Persian: سید مصطفی کاظمی‎, 1959 -- November 6, 2007) from Parwan was a prominent Afghan politician.	Sayed Mustafa Kazemi	1959
date of birth	Thomas Lathbury (1798 -- 1865) was an English cleric known as an ecclesiastical historian.	Thomas Lathbury	1798
date of birth	John Entenza (December 4, 1905 -- April 27, 1984) was one of the pivotal figures in the growth of American modernism: in the fields of environmental, architectural, landscape, and product design; and fine arts, and artisan crafts; in post-war California and the United States.	John Entenza	1905
date of birth	Wolfgang Sachs (born 25 November 1946) is a researcher, writer and university teacher in the field of environment, development, and globalization.	Wolfgang Sachs	25 November 1946
date of birth	Malcolm Storry (born 13 January 1948) is a British actor who is best known for his role as 'Yellin' in The Princess Bride.	Malcolm Storry	13 January 1948
date of birth	Thomasin von Zirclaere, also called Thomasîn von Zerclaere or Tommasino Di Cerclaria (c. 1186 -- c. 1235) was an Italian Middle High German lyric poet.	Thomasin von Zirclaere	1186
date of birth	Alan Warriner-Little (born Alan Warriner on 24 March 1962 in Lancaster, Lancashire) is an English former professional darts player.	Alan Warriner-Little	24 March 1962
date of birth	Freddie Boath (born 6 May 1991) is an English actor best known for his role as Alex O'Connell in The Mummy Returns.	Freddie Boath	6 May 1991
date of birth	James Hunter Audrain (1781--1831) was a Colonel of Militia who served during the War of 1812.	James Hunter Audrain	1781
date of birth	Joaquín Salvador Lavado, better known by his pen name Quino (Spanish: (ˈkino); born 17 July 1932), is a Argentine Spaniard cartoonist.	Quino	17 July 1932
date of birth	Einar Sverdrup (18 December 1895 -- 13 May 1942) was a Norwegian mining engineer and businessman.	Einar Sverdrup	18 December 1895
date of birth	James Lewis Farley (9 September 1823 -- 12 November 1885), was an Irish banker, diplomat and writer on Eastern affairs.	James Lewis Farley	9 September 1823
date of birth	Plutarch of Athens (Greek: Πλούταρχος; c. 350 -- 430 AD) was a Greek philosopher and Neoplatonist who taught at Athens at the beginning of the 5th century.	Plutarch of Athens	350
date of birth	Joseph Judah Chorny was a Russian traveller, born at Minsk on 20 April 1835.	Joseph Judah Chorny	20 April 1835
date of birth	Emma Jane (born November 1969), previously known as Emma Tom, is an Australian media commentator.	Emma Jane	1969
date of birth	Rhys Ifans (Welsh pronunciation: (r̥ɨːs ˈivans); born Rhys Owain Evans; 22 July 1967) is a Welsh actor and musician.	Rhys Ifans	22 July 1967
date of birth	Alexander Scott Bullitt (1761 -- April 13, 1816) was an American pioneer and statesman who was an early settler in Kentucky.	Alexander Scott Bullitt	1761
date of birth	Jean-Paul van Poppel (born 30 September 1962 in Tilburg, Noord-Brabant) is a former Dutch racing cyclist, who was nicknamed Popeye.	Jean-Paul van Poppel	30 September 1962
date of birth	James Stewart Barry Henderson (born 29 April 1936) is a former British Conservative Party politician who served in the House of Commons for two periods, February to October 1974 and 1979 to 1987, both for Scottish constituencies.	Barry Henderson	29 April 1936
date of birth	Randall Bramblett (born 1948 in Jesup, Georgia, United States) is an American musician and singer-songwriter, whose career as a solo artist, session player, and touring musician, has spanned more than three decades.	Randall Bramblett	1948
date of birth	Per Theodor Haugen (born 8 October 1932) is a Norwegian actor.	Per Theodor Haugen	8 October 1932
date of birth	Hu Xiaoyuan (Chinese: 胡晓媛; born 1977, Heilongjiang, China) is a contemporary Chinese artist.	Hu Xiaoyuan	1977
date of birth	Rigo 23 (also known as Rigo , for example, Rigo 95; born Ricardo Gouveia, 1966) is a Portuguese muralist, painter, and political artist residing in San Francisco, California.	Rigo 23	1966
date of birth	Qi Jinli (Chinese: 祁金立; pinyin: Qí Jīnlì; born September 1959) is a Chinese politician who spent most of his career in Henan province.	Qi Jinli	September 1959
date of birth	Louis Franklin Bache (7 October 1779-4 October 1818) was the son of Richard Bache and Sarah Franklin Bache, the daughter of the American statesman Benjamin Franklin and his wife Deborah Read.	Louis Franklin Bache	7 October 1779
date of birth	Hüseyin Erdem (born 1949) is a Kurdish author and screen writer who has published several works in German, Turkish and Kurdish.	Hüseyin Erdem	1949
date of birth	James Astin (born 16 August 1900, date of death unknown) was an English professional footballer who played as a full back.	James Astin	16 August 1900
date of birth	Zhang Yongyi (Chinese: 张永义; born February 1950) is a retired vice admiral (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) of China.	Zhang Yongyi	1950
date of birth	Gillian Coultard (born 22 July 1963) is a retired English football player, and former England captain.	Gillian Coultard	22 July 1963
date of birth	Michal Fulier (Český Těšín, Moravia, Czechoslovakia 20 February 1955 - ) Slovak pilot, cosmonaut, colonel.	Michal Fulier	20 February 1955
date of birth	Ray Brassier (/ˈbræsiər/; born 1965) is a member of the philosophy faculty at the American University of Beirut, Lebanon, known for his work in philosophical realism.	Ray Brassier	1965
date of birth	Johnny Nolan (1864 - 1907), was a rugby union footballer of the 1880s and '90s, playing at representative level for British Isles, and at club level for Rochdale Hornets as a Half-back , his death was registered in Barton-upon-Irwell, Lancashire.	Johnny Nolan	1864
date of birth	Sloboda Mićalović Ćetković or better known by Sloboda Mićalović (Serbian: Слобода Мићаловић Ћетковић; born 21 August 1981) is a Serbian actress, known for her roles in film Zona Zamfirova, and television series M(j)ešoviti brak and Ranjeni orao.	Sloboda Mićalović	21 August 1981
date of birth	Kathryn Miles (Born Peoria, Illinois in 1974) is an American journalist, writer, and environmental theorist.	Kathryn Miles	1974
date of birth	Nicholas K. Miller (born c. 1959) was the Defensive MVP of the 1981 Liberty Bowl, for The Ohio State Buckeyes.	Nicholas K. Miller	1959
date of birth	Terry Byrne (born 4 June 1966) is an English businessman and a director of various companies connected to football that are active in the United Kingdom and the United States.	Terry Byrne	4 June 1966
date of birth	Njål Hole MBE (15 November 1914 -- 6 February 1988) was a Norwegian chemical engineer and nuclear physicist.	Njål Hole	15 November 1914
date of birth	Martin Kobylański (born 8 March 1994) is a German-born Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Lechia Gdańsk.	Martin Kobylański	8 March 1994
date of birth	Emer Dillon born 1984 in Cork is a camogie player and a marketing executive, winner of All Ireland camogie medals in 2002, 2005, 2006, and 2009 and a camogie All Star in 2005.	Emer Dillon	1984
date of birth	Levi D. Slamm (1812 -- October 6, 1862, Mamaroneck, New York) was an American labor leader, the editor of the Daily Plebeian, a radical Democrat and a leader of New York City's Locofocos.	Levi D. Slamm	1812
date of birth	Suzanne Grant (born 17 April 1984) is a Scottish international football striker.	Suzanne Grant	17 April 1984
date of birth	Paul Brainerd (born 1947) is a pioneer in the field of computer-aided editing, design and publishing.	Paul Brainerd	1947
date of birth	Rabbi Chanoch Dov Padwa (17 August 1908--16 August 2000) was a world-renowned Orthodox Jewish posek, Talmudist and rabbinic leader.	Chanoch Dov Padwa	17 August 1908
date of birth	Jay Jay Burridge also known as Jay Burridge (born 12 January 1971) is an artist and former television presenter.	Jay Burridge	12 January 1971
date of birth	Blessed Thomas Thwing (1635--1680) was an English Roman Catholic priest and martyr.	Thomas Thwing	1635
date of birth	Tarek Mitri (born 16 September 1950) is a Lebanese university professor, independent politician and former government minister.	Tarek Mitri	16 September 1950
date of birth	Quentin S. Crisp (born 1972) is a British writer and publisher of supernatural fiction.	Quentin S. Crisp	1972
date of birth	Ntala Skinner (born 22 February 1973) is a retired American biathlete from Sun Valley, Idaho.	Ntala Skinner	22 February 1973
date of birth	Wan J. Kim (born 1968) is the former Assistant United States Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division in the Department of Justice, a position in which he served from November 9, 2005 to August 31, 2007.	Wan J. Kim	1968
date of birth	Hervé Hubert (born 20 November 1958) is a French TV producer.	Hervé Hubert	20 November 1958
date of birth	Emília Vášáryová, Doctor Artis Dramaticae (hon.) (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈemiːlija ˈʋaːʃaːrijoʋaː); born 18 May 1942) is a Slovak stage and screen actress, referred to as the First Lady of Slovak Theater.	Emília Vášáryová	18 May 1942
date of birth	Anasztázia Nguyen (born 9 January 1993) is a Hungarian track and field sprinter who specializes in the 60 metres, 100 metres and 200 metres.	Anasztázia Nguyen	9 January 1993
date of birth	Katherine Joy Postle was born on January 20, 1896 in Chicago to architect Oliver Hambleton Postle (1851-1900) and Mary M. Brown.	Joy Postle	1896
date of birth	Hayden Parker (born 19 November 1990) is a rugby union player who represents Otago in the ITM Cup Championship, playing as a first five-eighth.	Hayden Parker	19 November 1990
date of birth	Heneage Finch, 1st Earl of Aylesford, PC, KC (c. 1649 -- 22 July 1719) was an English lawyer and statesman.	Heneage Finch, 1st Earl of Aylesford	1649
date of birth	John Vaughan Thompson was born in British controlled Brooklyn on Long-Island in the Province of New York, North America on the 19 November 1779.	John Vaughan Thompson	19 November 1779
date of birth	Jonathan Galassi born 1949 in Seattle, Washington, is the President and Publisher of Farrar, Straus and Giroux, one of the eight major publishers in New York.	Jonathan Galassi	1949
date of birth	Adriana Muñoz Premier (born 16 March 1982) is a Cuban middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 and 1500 metres.	Adriana Muñoz	16 March 1982
date of birth	Akmal Shaukat (born 14 August 1986) is a British artist, art director, and magazine editor.	Akmal Shaukat	14 August 1986
date of birth	Hasan Anami Olya (Persian: حسن انعامي عليا; Azerbaijani: Həsən Anami Olya) (born 15 March 1967) is an Iranian opera singer.	Hasan Anami Olya	15 March 1967
date of birth	Nasser Azam (born 1963, Jhelum, Pakistan) is a British contemporary artist, living and working in London.	Nasser Azam	1963
date of birth	Jim Britt (April 11, 1910 -- December 31, 1980) was an American sportscaster who broadcast Major League Baseball games in Boston, Massachusetts, and Cleveland, Ohio, during the 1940s and 1950s.	Jim Britt	1910
date of birth	A. H. M. Moniruzzaman, (Bengali: এ. এইচ. এম. মনিরুজ্জামান; born 1950), is a career diplomat in the Bangladesh Foreign Service.	A. H. M. Moniruzzaman	1950
date of birth	Sergei Duvanov (born 1953) is a prominent Kazakhstani journalist who, in 2002, wrote articles that claimed President Nursultan Nazarbayev and several other Kazakh politicians had illicit Swiss bank accounts containing millions of U.S.' dollars.	Sergei Duvanov	1953
date of birth	Amar Gamal (born c. 1975) is a well known Cuban dancer who practices the art of bellydancing.	Amar Gamal	1975
date of birth	Patrick Tilley (born 4 July 1928) is a British science fiction author best known for The Amtrak Wars series of books - a futureworld epic set on the eve of the third millennium in a world emerging from the ravages of a dimly understood global holocaust.	Patrick Tilley	4 July 1928
date of birth	Vincent Fecteau (born 1969) is a sculptor based in San Francisco.	Vincent Fecteau	1969
date of birth	Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson (Icelandic pronunciation: (ˈaːuɣust ˈaːivar ˈkʏnːarsɔn); born 22 September 1976) is a founding member of the Icelandic post-rock band Sigur Rós.	Ágúst Ævar Gunnarsson	22 September 1976
date of birth	Mahmud al-Rashid (Bengali: মাহমুদ আল-রশিদ; born 1964) is a Bangladeshi-born British human rights barrister, and publisher and editor-in-chief of Emel.	Mahmud al-Rashid	1964
date of birth	Dissanayake Mudiyanselage Nandasena alias D. M. Ananda alias Amal Mahattaya (1954--1989) was a senior leader and a politburo member of the Jantha Vimukthi Peramuna (JVP) during the 1987-89 insurrection.	D. M. Ananda	1954
date of birth	Sir Walter Randolph Carpenter (1877--1954) was an Australian-Canadian pearl hunting, trader, merchant, ship-owner, airline industry leader and philanthropist of American ancestry active in the western Pacific from the 1890s through the 1940s.	Walter Randolph Carpenter	1877
date of birth	Joe Kučera (born Josef Kučera; 8 July 1943) is a Czech jazz saxophonist and flautist.	Joe Kučera	8 July 1943
date of birth	Silvana Franco (born 1968) is a British TV personality and chef.	Silvana Franco	1968
date of birth	Jacob Letterstedt (1796 -- 1862), born Lallerstedt in Östergötland, was a Swedish businessman who settled in the Cape Colony (part of present-day South Africa).	Jacob Letterstedt	1796
date of birth	Isidor Sauers (born 1948) is an Austrian-born American who is a physicist at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee.	Isidor Sauers	1948
date of birth	Anthony Strong (born 29 October 1984) is an English jazz singer, pianist and songwriter.	Anthony Strong	29 October 1984
date of birth	Rajesh Ranjan (born 24 December 1967), better known as Pappu Yadav (popular name ``Netajee''), is an Indian politician.	Pappu Yadav	24 December 1967
date of birth	Tetyana Holovchenko (born 13 February 1980) is a Ukrainian middle/long-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 and 3000 metres.	Tetyana Holovchenko	13 February 1980
date of birth	Bart Laeremans (born 17 April 1966) is since 21 May 1995 member of the Belgian Chamber of Representatives for the Vlaams Belang for the constituency Brussels-Halle-Vilvoorde.	Bart Laeremans	17 April 1966
date of birth	Basil Boioannes (Greek: Βασίλειος Βοϊωάννης), called Bugiano in Italian, was the Byzantine catapan of Italy (1017 - 1027) and one of the greatest Byzantine generals of his time.	Basil Boioannes	1017
date of birth	Samuel Elijah (born 14 November 1969), popularly known as Samuel ``Prophet'' Elijah is a retired Nigerian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Samuel Elijah	14 November 1969
date of birth	Anne Frances Byrne (1775-1837) was a British flower-painter,	Anne Frances Byrne	1775
date of birth	Peljidiin Genden (Mongolian: Пэлжидийн Гэндэн; 1892 or 1895 -- November 26, 1937) was a prominent political leader of the Mongolian People's Republic who served as the country's second president (1924 to 1927) and the ninth prime minister (1932--1936).	Peljidiin Genden	1892
date of birth	Jake Maskall (born in 1971, England) is an English television, film and theatre actor.	Jake Maskall	1971
date of birth	Roger Wilson Dennis (1902--1996) was an American artist whose art was informed by the American Impressionism practiced by the Lyme Art Colony and the art of the French Impressionists.	Roger Wilson Dennis	1902
date of birth	Anselmo Banduri (August 18, 1671 or 1675 -- January 4, 1743) was a Benedictine scholar, archaeologist and numismatologist from the Republic of Ragusa.	Anselmo Banduri	1671
date of birth	Jinah Kim (Hangul: 김진아; born 1972) is a Korean American reporter for NBC News and KNBC in Los Angeles, California.	Jinah Kim	1972
date of birth	Thomas Eller (born 8 September 1964) is a German visual artist and writer.	Thomas Eller	8 September 1964
date of birth	Gustavus Poznanski (1804-1879) was cantor and religious leader in Congregation Beth Elohim, Charleston, a pioneer of Reform Judaism in the Antebellum South.	Gustavus Poznanski	1804
date of birth	Simon Fuller (born 17 May 1960) is an English entrepreneur, artist manager and television producer.	Simon Fuller	17 May 1960
date of birth	Emily Wells (born November 20, 1981) is an American multi-instrumentalist, vocalist, composer, arranger, and producer whose genres encompass alternative, experimental, and classical.	Emily Wells	1981
date of birth	Sang Phathanothai (1914 -- June, 1986) was a Thai politician, union leader, and journalist.	Sang Phathanothai	1914
date of birth	Ann Marie Di Mambro (born 18 June 1950) is a Scottish playwright and television screenwriter of Italian extraction.	Ann Marie Di Mambro	18 June 1950
date of birth	Emyr Humphreys (born 15 April 1919) is a leading Welsh novelist, poet and author.	Emyr Humphreys	15 April 1919
date of birth	Benjamin Bussey (1757--1842) was a prosperous merchant, farmer, horticulturalist and patriot in Boston, Massachusetts, USA, who made significant contributions to the creation of the Arnold Arboretum.	Benjamin Bussey	1757
date of birth	Kyle Lander (born 21 January 1996) is a Scottish professional footballer, who plays as a striker for Stirling Albion on loan from St Johnstone.	Kyle Lander	21 January 1996
date of birth	Birendra Krishna Bhadra was born on 4 August 1905, to Roy Bahadur Kalikrishna and Sarala Bala Devi at a rented house in Ahiritola his maternal home, in north Kolkata.	Birendra Krishna Bhadra	4 August 1905
date of birth	Armindo Vaz d'Almeida (born 1953) is a former prime minister of São Tomé and Príncipe.	Armindo Vaz d'Almeida	1953
date of birth	Daniel Pemberton (born 3 November 1977) is an English Ivor Novello winning and multi BAFTA nominated composer.	Daniel Pemberton	3 November 1977
date of birth	Sally O'Reilly (born 1971) is a writer, critic, teacher and editor.	Sally O'Reilly	1971
date of birth	Witold Gracjan Kawalec (17 November 1922 -- 24 December 2003) was a Polish-born sculptor, who worked mainly in England.	Witold Gracjan Kawalec	17 November 1922
date of birth	Sue Spaid (born 1961 in Pittsburgh) is an American curator and philosopher, currently based in Belgium.	Sue Spaid	1961
date of birth	Maria Haukaas Mittet (née Storeng, born 3 August 1979) is a Norwegian recording artist.	Maria Haukaas Mittet	3 August 1979
date of birth	Henry Boase (1763--1827) was an Cornish banker and author.	Henry Boase	1763
date of birth	Bernardo Sepúlveda Amor (born 14 December 1941) is a Mexican diplomat and jurist.	Bernardo Sepúlveda Amor	14 December 1941
date of birth	Dan Greenburg (born 20 June 1936) is an American writer, humorist, and journalist.	Dan Greenburg	20 June 1936
date of birth	Michinori Yamashita (born 1953, Japan) is a professor (Japanese mathematician) at the Rissho University.	Michinori Yamashita	1953
date of birth	Péter Lendvay (born 15 September 1976 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handball player who plays for Hungarian top division side FTC-PLER KC.	Péter Lendvay	15 September 1976
date of birth	Kepler Bradley (born 13 November 1985) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Essendon and Fremantle Football Clubs in the Australian Football League.	Kepler Bradley	13 November 1985
date of birth	Francis Masson (August 1741 -- 23 December 1805) was a Scottish botanist and gardener, and Kew Gardens'' first plant hunter.	Francis Masson	1741
date of birth	Laszlo Barna (born 1948) is a Gemini Award-winning executive producer of television programs and films.	Laszlo Barna	1948
date of birth	Wang Shengjun (simplified Chinese: 王胜俊; traditional Chinese: 王勝俊; pinyin: Wáng Shèngjùn; born October 1946 in Suzhou, Jiangsu) was the President of the Supreme People's Court of the People's Republic of China from March 2008 to March 2013.	Wang Shengjun	October 1946
date of birth	Oscar Branzani (born 13 November 1989) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Italian Serie C club Barletta.He is called Giuseppe Barra	Oscar Branzani	13 November 1989
date of birth	Daron Alcorn (born May 12, 1971) is a former American football placekicker who played eight seasons in the Arena Football League with the Portland Forest Dragons/Oklahoma Wranglers, San Jose SaberCats and Las Vegas Gladiators.	Daron Alcorn	1971
date of birth	Frédéric Vervisch (born 10 August 1986 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian racing driver who currently races for Boutsen Ginion Racing in the Blancpain Endurance Series	Frédéric Vervisch	10 August 1986
date of birth	Slobodan Inić (born 1946 in Zrenjanin, Serbia, DF Yugoslavia - died June 22, 2000) was a political commentator and professor of sociology at the University of Belgrade.	Slobodan Inić	1946
date of birth	Ralph Burghart (born 16 September 1966) is an Austrian figure skating coach and former competitor.	Ralph Burghart	16 September 1966
date of birth	Harold Newton (1934-1994) was a central and founding member of the loose-knit group of African American artists known as the Florida Highwaymen.	Harold Newton	1934
date of birth	Nicola Formichetti (Italian pronunciation: (niˈkɔːla formiˈketti); born 31 May 1977) is an Italian-Japanese fashion director and fashion editor.	Nicola Formichetti	31 May 1977
date of birth	Avner Ben-Gal (born 1966) is an international painter and artist, working mainly from Tel Aviv, Israel.	Avner Ben-Gal	1966
date of birth	When Gerald Giampa was born on 4 March 1950, his parents lived in a tent in Duncan, British Columbia.	Gerald Giampa	4 March 1950
date of birth	Chen Xujing (陈序经,1903--1967) was a leading Chinese sociologist.	Chen Xujing	1903
date of birth	Sir Razik Fareed, OBE, JP, UM (29 December 1893 - 23 August 1984), was a Ceylonese (Sri Lankan) landed proprietor, politician, diplomat and philanthropist.	Razik Fareed	29 December 1893
date of birth	Ion Dediu (born 24 June 1934 in Rediul Mare, then Romania, now Moldova) is a Moldovan biologist who is specialized in ecology and was Minister of Environment in 1990-1994.	Ion Dediu	24 June 1934
date of birth	Ingo Rademacher (born 22 April 1971) is a West German-born, US-based, Australian television actor, perhaps best known for his role of Jasper ``Jax'' Jacks on the American daytime soap opera General Hospital, which he has played almost continuously since the role's inception in 1996.	Ingo Rademacher	22 April 1971
date of birth	John Valone (born 1951, Chicago, Illinois), grew up in the Little Flower Parish of Chicago, a graduate of Little Flower High School and currently resides in Monee, Illinois.	John Valone	1951
date of birth	Kenny Churchill (born 10 May 1975) is a British athlete who competes in the javelin throw and shot put in the F37 category of Paralympic events.	Kenny Churchill	10 May 1975
date of birth	Olcan Adın (Turkish pronunciation: (oɫd͡ʒan adɯn), born 30 September 1985) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back or winger for Süper Lig club Galatasaray.	Olcan Adın	30 September 1985
date of birth	Vic Hubbard (born 18 November 1956) is an English former darts player.	Vic Hubbard	18 November 1956
date of birth	Henry Danby Seymour (1 July 1820 -- 4 August 1877) was a British gentleman and Liberal Party politician.	Henry Danby Seymour	1 July 1820
date of birth	Boris Banozic (born 1969) studied architecture in Munich and at the Städelschule, Frankfurt (Alumni) in the class of Enric Miralles and Peter Cook.	Boris Banozic	1969
date of birth	Husik Santurjan (1920 -- February 1, 2011) was an archbishop of the Armenian Apostolic Church.	Husik Santurjan	1920
date of birth	Clara Tott, in other sources Clara Dett, Clara of Dettingen, Tettingen, or Clare Dettin (c. 1440 -- 1520), was a court singer associated with the Elector Palatine Frederick I, whom she is said to have secretly married.	Clara Tott	1440
date of birth	Kevin Doolan (born 30 November 1980) is an Australian motorcycle speedway rider, riding for Leicester Lions in the British Premier League for the 2013 season.	Kevin Doolan	30 November 1980
date of birth	Lloyd Braun (born 1958) is a television and Internet media executive who is currently the owner of entertainment company Whalerock Industries.	Lloyd Braun	1958
date of birth	Valéria Szabó (born 2 March 1983 in Debrecen) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE and for the Hungarian national team.	Valéria Szabó	2 March 1983
date of birth	Rüdiger Schleicher (14 January 1895 -- 23 April 1945) was a German resistance fighter against National Socialism.	Rüdiger Schleicher	14 January 1895
date of birth	Anton Vodnik (28 May 1901 -- 2 October 1965) was a Slovenian poet, art historian, and critic.	Anton Vodnik	28 May 1901
date of birth	William Hals (1655--1737), was a British historian who compiled a History of Cornwall, the first work of any magnitude that was ever printed in Cornwall.	William Hals	1655
date of birth	Yuval Semo (Hebrew: יובל סמו‎; born 20 June 1972) is an Israeli actor and comedian.	Yuval Semo	1972
date of birth	Barney Eastwood (born 1932, Cookstown, County Trone, Northern Ireland) is an Irish boxing promoter and bookmaker.	Barney Eastwood	1932
date of birth	Abasse Ndione (born 16 December 1946) is a Senegalese author and nurse.	Abasse Ndione	16 December 1946
date of birth	Darrien Wright (born 26 April 1985) partnered Hollie Robertson in the second series of BBC One show Strictly Dance Fever.	Darrien Wright	26 April 1985
date of birth	Sheh Sze-man (Charmaine Sheh) (born 28 May 1975) is a Hong Kong actress and a contracted artiste under TVB best known for acting in many television series produced by TVB since 1998.	Charmaine Sheh	28 May 1975
date of birth	Jessica Palmer (born 1953) is an American author who writes science fiction, fantasy, mystery and horror.	Jessica Palmer	1953
date of birth	John Forbes-Sempill, 18th Lord Sempill (21 August 1863 -- 28 February 1934) was a Scottish peer, the 18th Lord Sempill and 9th Baronet of Craigievar.	John Forbes-Sempill, 18th Lord Sempill	21 August 1863
date of birth	Carl Schuster (1904--1969) was an American art historian who specialized in the study of traditional symbolism.	Carl Schuster	1904
date of birth	Isaac A. Broussard (1857--1923) shared with Carlo Listi the longest tenure of office--sixteen years--among all Lafayette Parish sheriffs in the state of Louisiana.	Isaac A. Broussard	1857
date of birth	Adriaen Oudendijck (1677, Haarlem -- 1704, Haarlem), was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter.	Adriaen Oudendijck	1677
date of birth	Rasmus Jönsson (born 27 January 1990) is a Swedish footballer currently playing for Danish Superliga club Aalborg Boldspilklub where he won the Danish ``Superliga'' in 2013/2014	Rasmus Jönsson	27 January 1990
date of birth	François Vatel (French pronunciation: ​(fʁɑ̃swa vatɛl)) (1631 -- April 24, 1671) was the majordomo (in French, maître d'hôtel) of Nicolas Fouquet and prince Louis II de Bourbon-Condé.	François Vatel	1631
date of birth	Benny Shalita (Hebrew: בני שליטא‎‎, born 13 November 1934) is an Israeli former politician, who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988, and as mayor of Menahemia from 1956 until 1992.	Benny Shalita	13 November 1934
date of birth	Gongorjavyn Davaa-Ochir (Mongolian: Гонгоржавын Даваа-Очир; born 5 September 1977) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Gongorjavyn Davaa-Ochir	5 September 1977
date of birth	Yosef Goldman (1942 -- August 4, 2015) was a scholar of American Jewish history and the co-author of the two-volume reference work, Hebrew Printing in America 1735-1926:	Yosef Goldman	1942
date of birth	Trisdee na Patalung (Thai: ทฤษฎี ณ พัทลุง; rtgs: Thritsadi Na Phatthalung; born 9 March 1986) is a Thai composer and conductor.	Trisdee na Patalung	1986
date of birth	Martin Gilbert Barrow, GBS, CBE, JP (born 10 March 1944) was an appointed unofficial member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong (1988--95) and the Company Director of the Jardine Matheson Limited.	Martin Gilbert Barrow	10 March 1944
date of birth	Usama Mir (born 23 December 1995) is a Pakistani cricketer who has played for Khan Research Laboratories since the 2013 season, and also for the Sialkot Stallions Twenty20 franchise.	Usama Mir	23 December 1995
date of birth	Koloman Bedeković (Hungarian: Kálmán Bedekovich; 13 October 1818 -- 10 August 1889) was a Croatian politician, who served as Minister without portfolio of Croatian Affairs twice: between 1868--1871 and between 1876--1889.	Koloman Bedeković	13 October 1818
date of birth	Ian Sansom (born 3 December 1966 in Essex,England) is the author of the popular Mobile Library Mystery Series.	Ian Sansom	1966
date of birth	Lewis Ferry Moody (1880--1953) was an American engineer and professor, best known for the Moody chart, a diagram capturing relationships between several variables used in calculating fluid flow through a pipe.	Lewis Ferry Moody	1880
date of birth	Muhammad Yusuf Islahi (born 9 July 1932 at Formalee, District-Attock) is a popular writer on Islam.	Yusuf Islahi	9 July 1932
date of birth	Wang Zhongsi (Chinese: 王忠嗣; 704?-748?), né Wang Xun (王訓), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty.	Wang Zhongsi	704
date of birth	Willy Christian Simonsen (13 September 1913 -- 4 December 2003) was a Norwegian engineer and business founder.	Willy Christian Simonsen	13 September 1913
date of birth	Steinar Stokke (born 8 October 1955) is a Norwegian businessperson and former civil servant, with prominent positions in the health sector.	Steinar Stokke	1955
date of birth	John Richard Hardy (18 May 1807 -- 21 April 1858) was an English-born Australian pastoralist and gold commissioner.	John Richard Hardy	18 May 1807
date of birth	Bert Göbel (also Goebel) (born 14 July 1963 in Mönchengladbach) is a retired German swimmer who won a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1986 World Aquatics Championships.	Bert Göbel	14 July 1963
date of birth	Francisco José Lloreda Mera (born 13 November 1965) is a Colombian lawyer, politician, writer, editor and newspaper director.	Francisco José Lloreda Mera	13 November 1965
date of birth	Richard Durand (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈritʃɑr dyˈrɑnt); born 5 April 1976) is a Dutch Disc jockey and record producer.	Richard Durand	5 April 1976
date of birth	Roman Yakub (born 1958) is a composer who received his early musical training in Lviv, Ukraine.	Roman Yakub	1958
date of birth	Balthasar Gérard (alternative spellings Gerards or Gerardts; c. 1557 -- 14 July 1584) was the assassin of the Dutch independence leader, William I of Orange (William the Silent).	Balthasar Gérard	1557
date of birth	Avril Elgar (born 1 April 1932) is an English stage, radio and television actress.	Avril Elgar	1 April 1932
date of birth	Isabella Kelly, née Fordyce, also Isabella Hedgeland (born at Cairnburgh Castle in the Scottish Highlands and baptised on 4 May 1759 -- died on June 25, 1857 in London) was a Scottish novelist and poet.	Isabella Kelly	1759
date of birth	Stephen Stanko (born 1968), is a convicted murderer, who killed two people and raped a teenage girl in Murrells Inlet, South Carolina in 2005.	Stephen Stanko	1968
date of birth	Recha Sternbuch (1905--1971), a Swiss woman of Polish heritage, an important Holocaust era Jewish rescuer.	Recha Sternbuch	1905
date of birth	Liane Carroll (born 9 February 1964 in London) is an English pianist/vocalist who lives in Hastings, East Sussex.	Liane Carroll	9 February 1964
date of birth	Franc Rode (or Rodé), C.M. (born 23 September 1934), is a Slovenian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church.	Franc Rode	23 September 1934
date of birth	Sergio Zaniboni (born 4 August 1937) is an Italian comics artist and writer.	Sergio Zaniboni	4 August 1937
date of birth	Yeung Kwong, GBM (1926 -- 16 May 2015) was a Hong Kong Communist trade unionist and activist.	Yeung Kwong	1926
date of birth	Jimmy Owen (born 1864; date of death unknown) was an English footballer for Port Vale and Stoke during the 1880s.	Jimmy Owen	1864
date of birth	Grete Prytz Kittelsen (born Margrethe Adelgunde Prytz) (28 June 1917, Oslo - 25 September 2010, Oslo), was a Norwegian goldsmith, enamel artist, and designer.	Grete Prytz Kittelsen	28 June 1917
date of birth	Constant-Serge Bounda, (born 1966) is a Congolese national and United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Representative to the African Union, the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) and the Government of Ethiopia.	Constant-Serge Bounda	1966
date of birth	Thomas Strüngmann (born 1950) founded generic drug maker Hexal AG ($1.6 billion sales during 2004) in 1986.	Thomas Strüngmann	1950
date of birth	Tyson Slattery (born 3 December 1990) is an Australian rules footballer who was drafted by Essendon in the fifth round of the 2008 AFL Draft.	Tyson Slattery	3 December 1990
date of birth	Daniel Ben-Simon (Hebrew: דניאל בן סימון‎, born 29 April 1954) is an Israeli journalist and politician, who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party between 2009 and 2013.	Daniel Ben-Simon	29 April 1954
date of birth	Nikola Kalabić (Serbian: Никола Калабић; 1906--1946) was a Serbian Chetnik commander during World War II.	Nikola Kalabić	1906
date of birth	Sikandar Raza Butt (Urdu: سکندر رضا‎ ;born 24 April 1986 in Sialkot, Punjab) is a Pakistani-born Zimbabwean cricketer.	Sikandar Raza	24 April 1986
date of birth	Hans Rösch (born 24 December 1914, date of death unknown) was a West German bobsledder who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s.	Hans Rösch	24 December 1914
date of birth	Linda Lundström, O.Ont., (born 1952) is a Canadian fashion designer.	Linda Lundström	1952
date of birth	Željko Petrović (Cyrillic: Жељко Петровић; born 13 November 1965) is a retired Montenegrin footballer and current coach.	Željko Petrović	13 November 1965
date of birth	Professor Samuel Ratnajeevan Herbert Hoole (born 15 September 1952; commonly known as Ratnajeevan Hoole) is a Sri Lankan Tamil engineer and academic.	Ratnajeevan Hoole	15 September 1952
date of birth	Eagle Pennell (28 July 1952 - 20 July 2002) was an American independent filmmaker.	Eagle Pennell	28 July 1952
date of birth	Brian Rouff (born 1955) is an American author, freelance journalist and advertising executive, best known for his Las Vegas-based novels Dice Angel (2002) and Money Shot (2004), as well as his chapter in the Las Vegas collaborative serial mystery Restless City (2009).	Brian Rouff	1955
date of birth	Sviatlana Siarova (Belarusian: Сьвятлана Сярова; born 21 August 1986) is a Belarusian athlete.	Sviatlana Siarova	21 August 1986
date of birth	Andrew Bruce Holmes, AM FRS FAA FinstP (born 5 September 1943) is an Australian and British senior research chemist and professor at the Bio21 Institute, Melbourne, Australia, and the President of the Australian Academy of Science.	Andrew Bruce Holmes	5 September 1943
date of birth	Ian La Frenais, OBE (born 7 January 1936), is an English writer best known for his creative partnership with Dick Clement.	Ian La Frenais	7 January 1936
date of birth	Felicia Chin Foon Ling (born 24 October 1984), who was also once known by her Chinese stage name Chen Jing Xuan is a Singaporean actress and contracted artiste under MediaCorp.	Felicia Chin	24 October 1984
date of birth	Lennox Raphael (born 1939 in Trinidad, West Indies) is a journalist, poet, and playwright.	Lennox Raphael	1939
date of birth	Paul Kirtley (born 17 January 1973) is a professional wilderness bushcraft instructor and noted writer on the subjects of Bushcraft, wilderness travel and survival.	Paul Kirtley	17 January 1973
date of birth	Carman Lapointe (born 1951, in Canada) was Under-Secretary-General for the United Nations Office of Internal Oversight Services (OIOS) from 2010 to 2015.	Carman Lapointe	1951
date of birth	Sandro Gotal (born 9 September 1991) is an Austrian professional footballer of Croatian descent who plays as a striker, currently playing for Yeni Malatyaspor in the TFF First League.	Sandro Gotal	9 September 1991
date of birth	Fatou Diome (born 1968 in Niodior) is a Senegalese writer, known for her bestselling novel The Belly of the Atlantic, published in 2001.	Fatou Diome	1968
date of birth	Stanisław Stolarczyk, born 4 May 1949 in Poland, is a journalist, reporter, writer, and documentary of the Polish footprints in Canada.	Stanisław Stolarczyk	1949
date of birth	Jamim Shah (Nepali: जमिम शाह) (1963--2010) was a Nepalese media entrepreneur and the chairman of Channel Nepal Pvt. Ltd. He was the pioneer of commercial cable television network in Nepal with over 1,000 kilometres of cable network.	Jamim Shah	1963
date of birth	Ruben Blommaert (born 5 March 1992) is a German pair skater who currently skates with Mari Vartmann.	Ruben Blommaert	5 March 1992
date of birth	Niccolò Guicciardini Corsi Salviati (born 28 May 1957 in Firenze) is an Italian historian of mathematics.	Niccolò Guicciardini	28 May 1957
date of birth	Erianto (born 1983) is an Indonesian visual artist born in Paladangan Agam, West Sumatra.	Erianto	1983
date of birth	Geoffrey Irwin (born 1941) is a professor of archaeology at the University of Auckland.	Geoffrey Irwin	1941
date of birth	Ian A. Anderson (born 26 July 1947, Weston-super-Mare, England) is an English magazine editor, folk musician and broadcaster.	Ian A. Anderson	26 July 1947
date of birth	Kaizer Lau Ping-cheung, SBS (born 3 October 1951, Chiu Chow, Guangdong, China) is a surveyor and was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong in 2000--04 for the Architectural, Surveying and Planning constituency and non executive director of the Urban Renewal Authority.	Kaizer Lau	3 October 1951
date of birth	Noel Desmond Gray (26 December 1920 -- November 1999) was an Australian technician who, in 1963, co-founded the medical electronics company Telectronics Pty Ltd.	Noel Desmond Gray	26 December 1920
date of birth	Anne Mee, née Foldsone (1765--1851) was a fashionable English miniature painter of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.	Anne Mee	1765
date of birth	Sanda Ladoși (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈsan.da ˈla.do.ʃi); born 2 January 1970, Târgu Mures) is a Romanian singer.	Sanda Ladoși	2 January 1970
date of birth	Johann-Otto Krieg (14 March 1919 -- 2 January 1999) was a Kapitänleutnant with the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He first served as 2nd watch officer on U-81 then under the command of Friedrich Guggenberger before taking command of the U-boat.	Johann-Otto Krieg	14 March 1919
date of birth	Ceri Morgan (born 22 December 1947 in Treorchy, Glamorgan, Wales) is a retired darts player.	Ceri Morgan	22 December 1947
date of birth	Lee Yi Shyan (simplified Chinese: 李奕贤; traditional Chinese: 李奕賢; pinyin: Lǐ Yìxián; born 9 March 1962) is a Singaporean politician.	Lee Yi Shyan	9 March 1962
date of birth	Anders Giæver (born 27 August 1961) is a Norwegian journalist and author who has been commentator in VG since 2000.	Anders Giæver	27 August 1961
date of birth	Ben Batger, (born 20 March 1984 in Sydney, Australia) is a professional rugby union footballer.	Ben Batger	20 March 1984
date of birth	Douglas Knehans (born 1957, St. Louis, Missouri) is an Australian/American composer and academic.	Douglas Knehans	1957
date of birth	Michael Paraskevas (Born in 1961) is an artist best known for creating Maggie and the Ferocious Beast.	Michael Paraskevas	1961
date of birth	Mallampalli Somasekhara Sarma (Telugu: మల్లంపల్లి సోమశేఖర శర్మ) (1891 -- January 7, 1963) was an Indian historian, whose work mainly included forgotten history of Telugu kingdoms.	Mallampalli Somasekhara Sarma	1891
date of birth	Melvin H. Smith, Q.C. (1934--2000) spent 31 years in the public service of British Columbia.	Melvin H. Smith	1934
date of birth	Ulrike Winter (born 24 November 1940) is an Australian former fencer.	Ulrike Winter	24 November 1940
date of birth	Thiago Xavier Rodrigues Corrêa (born 27 December 1983) is a Brazilian footballer who currently playing in French Ligue 2 side ES Troyes AC. He formerly played for Botafogo and Cabofriense.	Thiago Xavier Rodrigues Corrêa	27 December 1983
date of birth	Bent Tomtum (6 February 1949 - 15 October 2001) was a Norwegian ski jumper who competed from 1968 to 1973.	Bent Tomtum	6 February 1949
date of birth	Joe Machine (born Joseph Stokes, 6 April 1973) is an English artist, poet and writer.	Joe Machine	6 April 1973
date of birth	Ben Morley (born 20 December 1980) is an English footballer who played in The Football League for Boston United and Hull City.	Ben Morley	20 December 1980
date of birth	General Emilio Tafeng (1910-19??), also Emedio Tafeng, Emedio Tafeng Odongi, was the Commander In Chief of the Anyanya movement and a military commander in the First Sudanese Civil War, fighting on the side of Southern Sudan.	Emilio Tafeng	1910
date of birth	Hamdy el-Gazzar (Arabic: حمدي الجزار‎; born 1 October 1970) is an Egyptian writer.	Hamdy el-Gazzar	1 October 1970
date of birth	Mark Blundell (born 8 April 1966) is a British racing driver who has competed in Formula One, sports car, and CART.	Mark Blundell	8 April 1966
date of birth	Draško Brguljan (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Драшко Бргуљан)(born 27 December 1984) is a Montenegrin water polo player who plays for Orvosegyetem SC in the Hungarian Championship.	Draško Brguljan	27 December 1984
date of birth	Liú Jìngluò (Chinese: 劉婧犖; 25 November 1985), better known by her stage name Seira Ryū (劉セイラ Ryū Seira) is a Chinese Japanese voice actress affiliated with Aoni Production.	Seira Ryū	25 November 1985
date of birth	Wigbert Fehse (born 4 December 1937) is a German engineer and researcher in the area of automatic space navigation, guidance, control and docking/berthing.	Wigbert Fehse	4 December 1937
date of birth	Wale Ogunyemi, OFR (12 August 1939--December 2001) was a Nigerian veteran seasoned dramatist, film actor, prolific playwright and Yoruba language scholar	Wale Ogunyemi	12 August 1939
date of birth	Thomas Firmin (June 1632 -- 1697) was an English businessman and philanthropist, publisher and unitarian member of the Church of England.	Thomas Firmin	1632
date of birth	Geoffrey Roberts (born 1952) is a British historian of the Second World War.	Geoffrey Roberts	1952
date of birth	Ian Cashmore (born 28 May 1970 in Luton, Bedfordshire) is a British television personality and Lincolnshire Scout Media Manager (2009-2012) specializing in paranormal phenomena.	Ian Cashmore	28 May 1970
date of birth	Bruno Canfora (Italian pronunciation: (ˈbruːno ˈkaɱfora); born 6 November 1924) is an Italian composer, conductor, and music arranger.	Bruno Canfora	6 November 1924
date of birth	Betsy Saina (born 30 June 1988) is a Kenyan athlete in long distance running.	Betsy Saina	30 June 1988
date of birth	````Dan Buettner'''' (born June 18, 1960 in St. Paul, Minnesota) is a National Geographic Fellow and New York Times bestselling author.	Dan Buettner	1960
date of birth	Admiral Sir Charles Tyler, GCB (1760 - 28 September 1835) was a British admiral who gained fame during the Napoleonic Wars as one of the Nelsonic Band of Brothers and a naval officer of great reputation and success who fought at the battles of Copenhagen and Trafalgar.	Charles Tyler	1760
date of birth	Mufti Mohammad Sayeed (12 January 1936 -- 7 January 2016) was a politician from the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.	Mufti Mohammad Sayeed	12 January 1936
date of birth	Bernhard Eitel (born 31 August 1959 in Baden) is a German earth scientist and geographer.	Bernhard Eitel	31 August 1959
date of birth	Rancapino (born Alonso Núñez Núñez, in 1945) is a Spanish flamenco singer.	Rancapino	1945
date of birth	Aziza Bennani (born 1943), is a Moroccan academic and politician.	Aziza Bennani	1943
date of birth	Michelle Douglas (born 1963 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian human rights activist who was involved in a landmark case around lesbian and gay equality rights in the Canadian military.	Michelle Douglas	1963
date of birth	Tiffany Day (born 1 February 1990 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is an Australian judoka, who played for the extra-lightweight category.	Tiffany Day	1 February 1990
date of birth	Samidha Guru (born 6 August 1980) is a Marathi film and television actress from Nagpur, India.	Samidha Guru	6 August 1980
date of birth	Air Marshal Narayan Menon (born 27 September 1944) was a former Air Officer-in-Charge (Personnel) with the Indian Air Force.	Narayan Menon	27 September 1944
date of birth	Thakur Ram Singh (16 February 1915 -- 6 September 2010) was a veteran Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) pracharak from Himachal Pradesh, India, and the inspiration behind the Akhil Bharatiya Itihas Sankalan Yojana.	Thakur Ram Singh	16 February 1915
date of birth	Eleonore Schoenfeld (1925 -- January 1, 2007) is considered one of the most influential cellists of the 20th century.	Eleonore Schoenfeld	1925
date of birth	Presley Thornton (1721 - December 8, 1769) was a planter and public official in Colonial Virginia.	Presley Thornton	1721
date of birth	Edward Finney (1903--1983) was an American film producer and director.	Edward Finney	1903
date of birth	Torger Reve (born 31 March 1949) is a Norwegian economist, Professor at the BI Norwegian Business School and rector of the BI from 1997 to 2005, particularly known for his work on marketing, distribution channels and interorganizational relations.	Torger Reve	31 March 1949
date of birth	Susan Clough (born 1945) was the personal executive secretary to President Jimmy Carter.	Susan Clough	1945
date of birth	Erik Voake is an American filmmaker and photographer born in Yorba Linda, California in 1973.	Erik Voake	1973
date of birth	Norbert Meier (born 20 September 1958) is a German former football player and current manager of Arminia Bielefeld.	Norbert Meier	20 September 1958
date of birth	Grzegorz Adam Urbanowski (born 24 December 1959 in Pultusk), Polish ultramarathon racewalker.	Grzegorz Adam Urbanowski	24 December 1959
date of birth	Ge Guangrui (葛光锐, Shanghai, 1929) is a Chinese composer.	Ge Guangrui	1929
date of birth	Nina Bari was born in Russia on 19 November 1901, the daughter of Olga and Karl Adolfovich Bari, a physician.	Nina Bari	19 November 1901
date of birth	Edwina Hayes (born 6 June 1973, in Dublin, Ireland) is an Irish born English singer-songwriter.	Edwina Hayes	6 June 1973
date of birth	Hrvoje Šarinić (pronounced (xr̩̂ʋoje ʃǎrinit͡ɕ); born 17 February 1935) is a former Croatian politician.	Hrvoje Šarinić	17 February 1935
date of birth	Andy Dixon (born 25 August 1979) is a Canadian artist and musician, who gained notoriety as a member of the North Vancouver punk rock band d.b.s.	Andy Dixon	1979
date of birth	Esther Ibanga (born 31 March 1961) is a Nigerian pastor and founder of the ``Women Without Walls Initiative''.	Esther Ibanga	1961
date of birth	Attila Csihar (Hungarian: (ˈɒtilːɒ ˈt͡ʃihɒr); born 29 March 1971), also sometimes known as Void, is a Hungarian black metal vocalist, best known for his vocal work on Mayhem's De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas album.	Attila Csihar	29 March 1971
date of birth	Luján Fernández (born 1985) is a former Argentine model, perhaps best known for her three-year run in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue.	Luján Fernández	1985
date of birth	Merle Terlesky (born 1965) is a Canadian conservative activist, originally from Kamloops, British Columbia.	Merle Terlesky	1965
date of birth	Assaf Abu Rahhal (Arabic: عساف أبو رحال‎; 18 December 1955 -- 3 August 2010) was a veteran Lebanese journalist who was killed by the Israeli Defense Forces during the 2010 Israel--	Assaf Abu Rahhal	18 December 1955
date of birth	Wu Yen-hsia or Wu Yanxia (1930--2001) was a Chinese t'ai chi ch'uan teacher of Manchu ancestry.	Wu Yen-hsia	1930
date of birth	Ulysses Grant Groff (29 October 1865 -- 15 October 1950) was a large landowner and philanthropist noted for substantial donations to the City of Amherst, Massachusetts and to Amherst College.	Ulysses Grant Groff	29 October 1865
date of birth	Jang Su-jeong (Korean: 장수정 hanja: 張修貞 ; born 13 March 1995 in Busan) is a South Korean tennis player.	Jang Su-jeong	13 March 1995
date of birth	Roger Reeves, PhD (ne Roger William Reeves; born January 1980 New Jersey) is an American poet.	Roger Reeves	January 1980
date of birth	Duccia Camiciotti (19 March 1928 -- 7 July 2014) was an Italian poet, writer and essayist.	Duccia Camiciotti	19 March 1928
date of birth	Christopher Gordon Horsfall Simon JP (14 November 1914 -- 20 February 2002), known as C. G. H. Simon, was a British General Commissioner of Income Tax.	C. G. H. Simon	14 November 1914
date of birth	Bill Townsend (born 1964) is an entrepreneur who helped build several global companies, most notably search engine Lycos, social networking pioneer sixdegrees.com, whose intellectual property formed the basis of LinkedIn, GeoCities (sold to Yahoo!) and Deja.com (sold to Google and ebay).	Bill Townsend	1964
date of birth	Packard Jennings is an American artist (b. 1970) who appropriates pop culture symbols and references to create new meaning using a variety of media including printmaking, sculpture, animation, video, and pamphleteering.	Packard Jennings	1970
date of birth	Keshavdas Mishra (1555 -- 1617), usually known by the mononym Keshavdas or Keshavadasa, was a Sanskrit scholar and Hindi poet, best known for his Rasik Priya, a pioneering work of the riti kaal (procedure period) of Hindi literature.	Keshavdas	1555
date of birth	Sean Landless (born 1986) is an English actor who plays the lead role in the 2001 film, Gabriel & Me.	Sean Landless	1986
date of birth	Damian Bourke (born 19 January 1965) is a former Australian rules footballer for Australian Football League (AFL) clubs Geelong during the 1980s and Brisbane in the early 1990s.	Damian Bourke	19 January 1965
date of birth	Ehud Yatom (Hebrew: אהוד יתום‎, born 26 September 1948) is an Israeli former Shin Bet agent and politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud from 2003 until 2006.	Ehud Yatom	26 September 1948
date of birth	Dan Empfield (born 1957) is an entrepreneur in the world of multisport, inventor of the triathlon wetsuit in 1987, and the triathlon-specific racing bike in 1989.	Dan Empfield	1957
date of birth	Rifat Artikov (born 24 January 1983, in Tashkent Region) is an Uzbek decathlete.	Rifat Artikov	24 January 1983
date of birth	Kakuji Inagawa (稲川 角二 Inagawa Kakuji), also known as Seijō Inagawa (稲川 聖城 Inagawa Seijō; November 1914 -- December 22, 2007) was a Japanese yakuza boss best known for founding the Inagawa-kai, Japan's third-largest yakuza syndicate.	Kakuji Inagawa	November 1914
date of birth	Chan Hin Kwong (Chinese: 陳衍光; Jyutping: can4 hin2 gwong1 ; born 27 February 1988 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong Premier League club Yuen Long, as a Left-back.	Chan Hin Kwong	27 February 1988
date of birth	Ren Hang (Chinese: 任航; pinyin: Rén Háng; born 23 February 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Super League.	Ren Hang	23 February 1989
date of birth	Enid Lakeman, OBE (28 November 1903 - 7 January 1995) was a British political reformer, writer and politician, noted for her long-standing championship of the Single Transferable Vote system of elections.	Enid Lakeman	28 November 1903
date of birth	Jenny Downham (born 1964) is a British novelist and an ex-actress.	Jenny Downham	1964
date of birth	Bobby Lounge (born Dub Brock, 1950) is an American singer-songwriter from McComb, Mississippi, United States.	Bobby Lounge	1950
date of birth	Richard Lloyd Parry (born 1969) is a British foreign correspondent and writer.	Richard Lloyd Parry	1969
date of birth	Jin Liqun (Chinese: 金立群; born August 1949) is a Chinese politician, banker, and professor.	Jin Liqun	1949
date of birth	Jamie Sandy (born 18 January 1963) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s, playing at club level for Wests Panthers, Eastern Suburbs Tigers, Castleford, and Redcliffe Dolphins, as a Fullback, or Wing.	Jamie Sandy	18 January 1963
date of birth	Anthony Yuen (Chinese: 阮次山; pinyin: Ruǎn Cìshān; born 1946), is a Chinese American editor and anchor on the Hong Kong-based television and media station Phoenix Television.	Anthony Yuen	1946
date of birth	Kieron Lloyd Junior Minto-St Aimie (born 4 May 1989), known as Kieron St Aimie, is an English Professional footballer who plays for Welling United as a striker having signed for them in the summer of 2014.	Kieron St Aimie	4 May 1989
date of birth	Park Hyun-sun (born 22 January 1988) is a South Korean synchronized swimmer.	Park Hyun-sun	22 January 1988
date of birth	Kathleen Gibson (born Kitty Stride, 1916) is a former British actress.	Kathleen Gibson	1916
date of birth	Ernesto Bertarelli (born 22 September 1965) is an Italian-born Swiss businessman and philanthropist.	Ernesto Bertarelli	22 September 1965
date of birth	Jeong Shung-hoon (Hangul: 정성훈; born 4 July 1979) is a South Korean footballer who currently plays for Gimhae FC as striker.	Jeong Shung-hoon	4 July 1979
date of birth	Salman Al-Moasher (born 5 October 1988) is a football player for Al-Ahli in the Saudi Premier League.	Salman Al-Moasher	5 October 1988
date of birth	Vice Admiral Sir Alan Grose KBE (born 24 September 1937) is a former Royal Navy officer who became Flag Officer, Plymouth.	Alan Grose	24 September 1937
date of birth	Kadri Prishtina (1878--1925), also referred as Hoxha Kadri, was an Albanian political figure of the early '20s.	Kadri Prishtina	1878
date of birth	Gerard Maguire (born 1945) is an Australian stage, voice artist and television actor, best known for his role as Deputy Governor Jim Fletcher in Prisoner.	Gerard Maguire	1945
date of birth	Professor David S. Oderberg (born 1963) is an Australian philosopher of metaphysics and ethics based in Britain since 1987.	David S. Oderberg	1963
date of birth	Alison Jiear (born 6 May 1965) is a popular cabaret artist and musical theatre performer on the London cabaret circuit.	Alison Jiear	6 May 1965
date of birth	Garry Schyman (born 1954) is an American film, television, and video game music composer.	Garry Schyman	1954
date of birth	Efraim Halevy (Hebrew: אפרים הלוי‎; born 2 December 1934) is a lawyer and an Israeli intelligence expert.	Efraim Halevy	1934
date of birth	Oktay Kaynarca (b. 27 January 1965 in Malatya) Turkish actor.	Oktay Kaynarca	27 January 1965
date of birth	Joanne Calderwood (born 23 December 1986) is a Scottish Muay Thai champion and mixed martial artist who competes in the Women's Strawweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.	Joanne Calderwood	23 December 1986
date of birth	Liam Coyle (born 21 May 1968) is a former Northern Irish footballer.	Liam Coyle	21 May 1968
date of birth	Andre Crawford (born 20 March 1962) is an American convicted serial killer, who killed 11 women between 1993 to 1999.	Andre Crawford	20 March 1962
date of birth	Gro Steinsland (born 1945) is a Norwegian scholar of medieval studies and history of religion and since August 2009 has been the Scientific Director of the Centre for Advanced Study at the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters.	Gro Steinsland	1945
date of birth	Alex Bag (born 1969) is an artist working primarily in video.	Alex Bag	1969
date of birth	Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon (12 November 1696 -- 13 October 1746) was the son of Theophilus Hastings, 7th Earl of Huntingdon and Mary Frances Fowler.	Theophilus Hastings, 9th Earl of Huntingdon	12 November 1696
date of birth	Daniel Boone May (1852 -- 1878), known as Boone May, was an American gunfighter, of the Black Hills of South Dakota.	Daniel Boone May	1852
date of birth	Jay Blumler (born 1924) is an American-born theorist of communication and media.	Jay Blumler	1924
date of birth	Guiniforte Solari (c. 1429 -- c. 1481), also known as Boniforte, was an Italian sculptor, architect and engineer.	Guiniforte Solari	1429
date of birth	Arturo Varvelli (Turin, 1976) is a researcher at ISPI (Italian Institute for International Political Studies).	Arturo Varvelli	1976
date of birth	Ron Bottitta (born 25 December 1960) is a British actor appearing in theatre and minor roles in both television and film.	Ron Bottitta	25 December 1960
date of birth	Tex Brashear (born 2 January 1955) is a voice actor, who after a career in radio in Texas, Arizona, and Los Angeles, made the transition into voice acting.	Tex Brashear	2 January 1955
date of birth	Rabi Maharaj (born 8 August 1947) is Trinidadian-born bestselling Indian author.	Rabi Maharaj	8 August 1947
date of birth	Anthony John Gledhill GC (born 10 March 1938 in Doncaster), known as Tony Gledhill, won the George Cross for the heroism he displayed on 25 August 1966 in chasing and subduing armed criminals.	Tony Gledhill	10 March 1938
date of birth	Yusuf Nabi (1642 -- 10 April 1712) was a Turkish Divan poet of Kurdish origin in the court of Mehmet IV. He was famous for ``his brilliant lyrics filled with popular sayings and critiques of the age and verses commemorating innumerable important occasions.''	Yusuf Nabi	1642
date of birth	David Gelbaum (born in c. 1950) is an American businessman and primarily green technology investor and environmental philanthropist.	David Gelbaum	1950
date of birth	Marc Phillips (born 8 December 1953) is a Welsh charity manager and former politician.	Marc Phillips	8 December 1953
date of birth	Rolf Majcen (born 1966) is a Lower Austrian economist-lawyer, writer and extreme sports athlete.	Rolf Majcen	1966
date of birth	Pam Rhodes (born 22 September 1950) is an English television presenter best known for presenting the BBC television long-running religious series Songs of Praise.	Pam Rhodes	22 September 1950
date of death	Sir William Harold Webbe, CBE, DL (30 September 1885 -- 22 April 1965) was a British politician.	Harold Webbe	22 April 1965
date of death	Phyllis Crawford (February 8, 1899 -- July 1980) was, during the 1930s and 1940s, a celebrated author of books for children in their early teens.	Phyllis Crawford	July 1980
developer	GNU Guile is the preferred extension system for the GNU Project, which features an implementation of the Scheme programming language.	GNU Guile	GNU Project
developer	Crystal Monsters, originally released in Japan in 2008 as Monster Chronicles for mobile phones, is a role-playing video game developed by Gameloft for Nintendo DSiWare.	Crystal Monsters	Gameloft
director	Swaham (My Own) (1994) is an award-winning feature film directed by Shaji N. Karun.	Swaham	Shaji N. Karun
director	Ondu Muttina Kathe (Kannada: ಒಂದು ಮುತ್ತಿನ ಕಥೆ, English: Story of a Pearl) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film directed by Shankar Nag, starring Rajkumar in the lead role.	Ondu Muttina Kathe	Shankar Nag
director	Irving J. Moore, later with Gunsmoke, began his career as a director on two episodes of Tales of the Texas Rangers.	Tales of the Texas Rangers	Irving J. Moore
director	A Woman's Wit is a 1910 silent short film directed by Joseph A. Golden.	A Woman's Wit	Joseph A. Golden
director	In the Days of Buffalo Bill is a 1922 American western film serial directed by Edward Laemmle.	In the Days of Buffalo Bill	Edward Laemmle
director	The Original of the Forgery (Serbian: Original falsifikata) is a 1991 Yugoslav drama film directed by Dragan Kresoja.	The Original of the Forgery	Dragan Kresoja
director	We Went to College is a 1936 American comedy film directed by Joseph Santley and written by Richard Maibaum and Maurice Rapf.	We Went to College	Joseph Santley
director	Odessa in Flames (Romanian: Odessa în flăcări) (Italian: Odessa in fiamme) is a 1942 Italian-Romanian film directed by Carmine Gallone.	Odessa in Flames	Carmine Gallone
director	The Last Days of Colonel Savath is a 1995 Cambodian short film drama directed by Norodom Sihanouk.	The Last Days of Colonel Savath	Norodom Sihanouk
director	A Talking Cat!?! is a 2013 independent children's film that was directed by David DeCoteau.	A Talking Cat!?!	David DeCoteau
director	Lethal Film (Swedish: Livsfarlig film) is a 1988 Swedish drama film directed by Suzanne Osten.	Lethal Film	Suzanne Osten
director	Lies and Lullabies is an award-winning Rod Hardy-directed 1993 ABC television movie about a pregnant cocaine addict, played by Susan Dey.	Lies and Lullabies	Rod Hardy
director	Blind Horizon is a 2003 conspiracy mystery thriller film directed by Michael Haussman.	Blind Horizon	Michael Haussman
director	A Serpentine Dance (French: Danse Serpentine) was an 1896 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès.	A Serpentine Dance	Georges Méliès
director	Three Crowns of the Sailor (French: Les Trois couronnes du matelot) is a 1983 French fantasy film directed by Raúl Ruiz.	Three Crowns of the Sailor	Raúl Ruiz
director	Dance, Girl, Dance is a film released in 1940 and directed by Dorothy Arzner.	Dance, Girl, Dance	Dorothy Arzner
director	Some May Live is a 1967 British war film directed by Vernon Sewell and starring Peter Cushing, Joseph Cotten and Martha Hyer.	Some May Live	Vernon Sewell
director	Dhruvam (Malayalam: ധ്രുവം, English: Certainly) is a 1993 Malayalam thriller film directed by Joshiy,where story and dialogue were by A.K.Sajan and screenplay by A.K.Sajan and S.N.Swami .	Dhruvam	Joshiy
director	Stake Land is a 2010 American vampire horror film in the zombie apocalypse vein directed by Jim Mickle and starring Nick Damici, who cowrote the script with Mickle.	Stake Land	Jim Mickle
director	June 17th, 1994 is a documentary film by Brett Morgen released as part of ESPN's 30 for 30 series.	June 17th, 1994	Brett Morgen
director	Three-Ring Marriage is a 1928 American silent drama film directed by Marshall Neilan and starring Mary Astor, Lloyd Hughes and Lawford Davidson.	Three-Ring Marriage	Marshall Neilan
director	Deadly Relations is a 1993 American television film directed by Bill Condon.	Deadly Relations	Bill Condon
director	Fløjtespilleren is a 1953 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks.	Fløjtespilleren	Alice O'Fredericks
director	It Happened in the Park (Italian: Villa Borghese) is a 1953 film directed by Vittorio de Sica and Gianni Franciolini.	It Happened in the Park	Gianni Franciolini
director	Hercules Against the Mongols (Italian: Maciste contro i mongoli) is a 1963 Italian peplum film directed by Domenico Paolella.	Hercules Against the Mongols	Domenico Paolella
director	A Very Honorable Guy is a 1934 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon and written by Earl Baldwin.	A Very Honorable Guy	Lloyd Bacon
director	We Can't Live Without Cosmos (Russian: Mi ne mozhem zhit bez kosmosa) is a 2014 Russian animated short film directed and written by Konstantin Bronzit.	We Can't Live Without Cosmos	Konstantin Bronzit
director	Uppu (Malayalam: ഉപ്പ്, English: Salt, French: Le Sel) is a 1987 Indian Malayalam film directed by V. K. Pavithran and written by K. M. A. Rahim.	Uppu	Pavithran
director	Compressed Hare is a Merrie Melodies cartoon directed by Chuck Jones and featuring Bugs Bunny and Wile E. Coyote (in their fourth pairing), released on July 29, 1961.	Compressed Hare	Chuck Jones
director	Postmen in the Mountains (Chinese: 那山那人那狗; pinyin: Nàshān nàrén nàgǒu; literally: ``That Mountain, That Man, That Dog'') is a 1999 Chinese film directed by Huo Jianqi.	Postmen in the Mountains	Huo Jianqi
director	They Came to Blow Up America is a 1943 American war spy film based on the World War II Operation Pastorius, directed by Edward Ludwig.	They Came to Blow Up America	Edward Ludwig
director	An Odyssey of the North is a 1914 American adventure film directed by Hobart Bosworth and written by Hettie Grey Baker and Hobart Bosworth.	An Odyssey of the North	Hobart Bosworth
director	Rehearsing a Dream is a short documentary directed and produced by four time Academy Award nominees Karen Goodman and Kirk Simon.	Rehearsing a Dream	Karen Goodman
director	The Third Kiss (Spanish: El tercer beso) is a 1942 Argentine romantic drama film directed by Luis César Amadori and starring Pedro López Lagar, Silvia Legrand and Amelia Bence.	The Third Kiss	Luis César Amadori
director	The Unpainted Woman is a 1919 American drama film directed by Tod Browning that is based upon a story by Sinclair Lewis.	The Unpainted Woman	Tod Browning
director	Serial Teachers 2 (French: The Profs 2 / Les Profs 2) is a 2015 French comedy film directed by Pierre-François Martin-Laval.	Serial Teachers 2	Pierre-François Martin-Laval
director	The First Mass (Portuguese: A Primeira Missa) is a 1961 Brazilian drama film directed by Lima Barreto, based on Nair Lacerda's short story ``Nhá Colaquinha Cheia de Graça''.	The First Mass	Lima Barreto
director	The Ghost and Mr. Chicken was directed by Alan Rafkin with a screenplay by Jim Fritzell and Everett Greenbaum; all three men had been associated with the success of The Andy Griffith Show.	The Ghost and Mr. Chicken	Alan Rafkin
director	Don Olsen kommer til byen is a 1964 Danish comedy film directed by Anker Sørensen.	Don Olsen kommer til byen	Anker Sørensen
director	Happy Tears is an American independent comedy-drama film by Mitchell Lichtenstein.	Happy Tears	Mitchell Lichtenstein
director	Bye Bye Braverman is a 1968 American comedy film directed by Sidney Lumet.	Bye Bye Braverman	Sidney Lumet
director	Live Feed is a 2006 horror film directed by Ryan Nicholson and starring Kevan Ohtsji, Taayla Markell and Stephen Chang.	Live Feed	Ryan Nicholson
director	A Slight Case of Murder is a 1938 comedy film directed by Lloyd Bacon.	A Slight Case of Murder	Lloyd Bacon
director	Better Than Chocolate is a 1999 Canadian romantic comedy movie shot in Vancouver directed by Anne Wheeler.	Better Than Chocolate	Anne Wheeler
director	Orange Mittai (English: Orange candy) is a 2015 Indian Tamil comedy film co-written and directed by Biju Viswanath.	Orange Mittai	Biju Viswanath
director	What Iva Recorded (Croatian: Što je Iva snimila 21. listopada 2003., lit. What Iva Recorded On 21 October 2003) is a 2005 Croatian comedy-drama film directed by Tomislav Radić.	What Iva Recorded	Tomislav Radić
director	Occupy Unmasked is a 2012 American documentary film directed by Stephen Bannon and produced by David Bossie, which is critical of the Occupy movement and was produced by Citizens United Productions.	Occupy Unmasked	Stephen Bannon
director	Pursuit of Equality is a 2005 documentary film directed by Geoff Callan and Mike Shaw, about the struggle of same-sex couples for marriage equality in the United States.	Pursuit of Equality	Mike Shaw
director	The Tough Ones (Finnish: Häjyt) is a 1999 Finnish film directed by Aleksi Mäkelä.	The Tough Ones	Aleksi Mäkelä
director	The Night Club is a 1925 American comedy silent film directed by Paul Iribe and Frank Urson and written by Cecil B. DeMille, Keene Thompson, Walter Woods and William C. deMille.	The Night Club	Paul Iribe
director	Rakta Sindhuram (Telugu: రక్త సింధూరం) is a 1985 Telugu film directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy.	Rakta Sindhuram	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	The Missourians is a 1950 American Western film directed by George Blair and written by Arthur E. Orloff.	The Missourians	George Blair
director	The Wretches Are Still Singing (Greek: Τα Κουρέλια Τραγουδάνε Ακόμα..., tr. Ta Kourelia Tragoudane Akoma...) is a 1979 Greek dramatic experimental independent surrealist underground art film directed by Nikos Nikolaidis.	The Wretches Are Still Singing	Nikos Nikolaidis
director	Christmas Rathri is a 1961 Indian Malayalam film, directed and produced by P. Subramaniam and was filmed at Merryland Studio.	Christmas Rathri	P. Subramaniam
director	He Named Me Malala is a 2015 American documentary film directed by Davis Guggenheim.	He Named Me Malala	Davis Guggenheim
director	Vi arme syndere (English: Us Petty Sinners) is a 1952 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and Ole Palsbo.	Vi arme syndere	Erik Balling
director	Pelli Peetalu (English: Wedding Seats) is a 1998 Telugu romantic comedy produced by V. B. Rajendra Prasad on Jagapati Art Pictures banner, directed by S. V. Krishna Reddy.	Pelli Peetalu	S. V. Krishna Reddy
director	Letters from Alou (Spanish: Las cartas de Alou) is 1990 Spanish film directed and written by Montxo Armendáriz.	Letters from Alou	Montxo Armendáriz
director	Go Goa Gone is a 2013 Hindi zombie comedy film directed by Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K..	Go Goa Gone	Raj Nidimoru and Krishna D.K.
director	The Emperor's Nightingale (Czech: Císařův slavík) is a 1949 Czechoslovak animated film directed by Jiří Trnka and Miloš Makovec.	The Emperor's Nightingale	Jiří Trnka
director	Mob Queen is an American romantic comedy released in 1998, directed by Jon Carnoy and written by Mike Horelick.	Mob Queen	Jon Carnoy
director	Thun Man Handiya (Sinhala, Three Way Junction) is a 1970 dramatic film made by Sri Lankan artist Mahagama Sekera.	Thun Man Handiya	Mahagama Sekera
director	The Reenactment (Romanian: 'Reconstituirea') is a 1968 black-and-white film by Romanian director Lucian Pintilie.	The Reenactment	Lucian Pintilie
director	Wake Up, Girls! is an anime series produced by Ordet and Tatsunoko Production and directed by Yutaka Yamamoto.	Wake Up, Girls!	Yutaka Yamamoto
director	Tom in America is a short film by writer-director Flavio Alves, starring Academy Award nominees Burt Young and Sally Kirkland.	Tom in America	Flavio Alves
director	Roman Holiday is a 1953 American romantic comedy directed and produced by William Wyler.	Roman Holiday	William Wyler
director	Zehreela Insaan (Toxic Human) is a 1974 Hindi film directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by Virendra Sinha.	Zehreela Insaan	Puttanna Kanagal
director	Hear Me Good is a 1957 American comedy film written and directed by Don McGuire.	Hear Me Good	Don McGuire
director	The Kibitzer is a 1930 American comedy film directed by Edward Sloman and written by Marion Dix, Sam Mintz, Edward G. Robinson, Viola Brothers Shore and Jo Swerling.	The Kibitzer	Edward Sloman
director	Beyond Justice/Desert Law/Law of the Desert/Maktub, Law of the Desert is a 1992 Italian film directed by Duccio Tessari that was shot in Morocco.	Beyond Justice	Duccio Tessari
director	Look Both Ways is a 2005 Australian independent film, written and directed by Sarah Watt, starring an ensemble cast, which was released on 18 August 2005.	Look Both Ways	Sarah Watt
director	How Funny (This Country Is) (Indonesian: Alangkah Lucunya (Negeri Ini)) is a 2010 Indonesian comedy film directed by Deddy Mizwar.	How Funny (This Country Is)	Deddy Mizwar
director	Vegetarian Cannibal (Croatian: Ljudožder vegetarijanac) is a 2012 Croatian drama film directed by Branko Schmidt.	Vegetarian Cannibal	Branko Schmidt
director	Iron Monkey 2 is a 1996 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Chao Lu-jiang and featuring action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping.	Iron Monkey 2	Yuen Woo-ping
director	The Trapp Family in America (German: Die Trapp-Familie in Amerika) is a 1958 West German comedy drama film directed by Wolfgang Liebeneiner and starring Ruth Leuwerik, Hans Holt, and Josef Meinrad.	The Trapp Family in America	Wolfgang Liebeneiner
director	That Night! is a 1957 American drama film directed by John Newland and written by Jack Rowles and Robert Wallace.	That Night!	John Newland
director	The Designated Victim (Italian: La vittima designata, also known as Slam Out) is a 1971 Italian giallo film directed by Maurizio Lucidi.	The Designated Victim	Maurizio Lucidi
director	Kaadu Kudure (Kannada: ಕಾಡು ಕುದುರೆ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada drama film directed, written and composed by Chandrashekhara Kambara and produced by Wheel Productions.	Kaadu Kudure	Chandrashekhara Kambara
director	South of Heaven, West of Hell is a 2000 American Western film starring Dwight Yoakam, who also co-wrote, directed, and scored the movie.	South of Heaven, West of Hell	Dwight Yoakam
director	Qué hombre tan sin embargo is a 1967 Mexican comedy-drama film directed by Julián Soler and produced by Gregorio Walerstein.	Qué hombre tan sin embargo	Julián Soler
director	Marecek, Pass Me the Pen! (Czech: Marečku, podejte mi pero!) is a 1976 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Oldřich Lipský.	Marecek, Pass Me the Pen!	Oldřich Lipský
director	Pelle viva (Scorched Skin) is a 1962 Italian drama film written and directed by Giuseppe Fina.	Pelle viva	Giuseppe Fina
director	Pokkiri (English: Rogue) is a 2007 Tamil action film directed by Prabhu Deva.	Pokkiri	Prabhu Deva
director	The Striker with Number 9 (Greek: Η Φανέλα με το ``9'', translit. I fanela me to '9') is a 1989 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris.	The Striker with Number 9	Pantelis Voulgaris
director	Treeless Mountain (Hangul: 나무없는 산; RR: Namueopneun San) is a 2008 South Korean drama film written and directed by So Yong Kim.	Treeless Mountain	So Yong Kim
director	Weddings and Babies is a 1960 film directed, produced, and written by independent filmmaker Morris Engel.	Weddings and Babies	Morris Engel
director	No One's Son (Croatian: Ničiji sin) is a 2008 Croatian film directed by Arsen Anton Ostojić.	No One's Son	Arsen Anton Ostojić
director	Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu (also known as AIBI; Tamil: அழகாய் இருக்கிறாய் பயமாய் இருக்கிறது; English: You look beautiful, (so) I'm scared!) is a 2006 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by cinematographer-turned-director S.D. Vijay Milton.	Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu	Vijay Milton
director	Cheolindo is a 1930 Korean film written, directed by and starring Na Woon-gyu.	Cheolindo	Na Woon-gyu
director	Kill Me Three Times is a 2014 American-Australian black comedy thriller film directed by Kriv Stenders.	Kill Me Three Times	Kriv Stenders
director	Hospitals Don't Burn Down is a 1978 short dramatised documentary film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith about a fire at a hospital.	Hospitals Don't Burn Down	Brian Trenchard-Smith
director	Tears of April (Finnish: Käsky) is a 2008 Finnish war drama film directed by Aku Louhimies.	Tears of April	Aku Louhimies
director	Down in the Delta is a 1998 drama film directed by Maya Angelou.	Down in the Delta	Maya Angelou
director	Naga Phasa (Odia: ନାଗଫାଶ) is a 1977 Indian Oriya film directed by Basant Nayak.	Naga Phasa	Basant Nayak
director	Our Hearts Were Growing Up is a 1946 American comedy film directed by William D. Russell and written by Melvin Frank, Norman Panama and Frank Waldman.	Our Hearts Were Growing Up	William D. Russell
director	A Perfect Gentleman (Swedish:En perfekt gentleman) is a 1927 Swedish silent drama film directed by Vilhelm Bryde and Gösta Ekman and starring Ekman, La Jana and Karin Swanström.	A Perfect Gentleman	Vilhelm Bryde	Gösta Ekman
director	Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham (English: For the wise man, even grass is a weapon) is an Indian Tamil action comedy film directed by comedian Srinath, released by Studio Green on 10 May 2014.	Vallavanukku Pullum Aayudham	Srinath
director	Close Range (formerly known as Dust Up) is a 2015 American action thriller film directed by Isaac Florentine, and starring Scott Adkins, Nick Chinlund, Jake La Botz, and Tony Perez.	Close Range	Isaac Florentine
director	Első kétszáz évem is a 1985 Hungarian drama film directed by Gyula Maár.	Első kétszáz évem	Gyula Maár
director	Guests Who Arrived on the Last Train (Hangul: 막차로 온 손님들; RR: Makcharo on sonnimdeul) is a 1967 South Korean film directed by Yu Hyun-mok.	Guests Who Arrived on the Last Train	Yu Hyun-mok
director	Long Vacations of 36 (Spanish: Las largas vacaciones del 36) is a 1976 Spanish drama film directed by Jaime Camino dealing with the effects of Spanish Civil War on a bourgeois family trapped by the conflict in a tourist village near Barcelona.	Long Vacations of 36	Jaime Camino
director	Killer Adios (also known as Killer Goodbye, Winchester Justice ad Winchester One of One Thousand ) is a 1968 Italian spaghetti western directed by Primo Zeglio.	Killer Adios	Primo Zeglio
director	Snapshot of a Crime (Italian: Istantanea per un delitto) is a 1975 Italian giallo film written and directed by Mario Imperoli (here credited as Arthur Saxon).	Snapshot of a Crime	Mario Imperoli
director	Rigoletto e la sua tragedia (i. e. ``Rigoletto and His Tragedy'', also known just as Rigoletto) is a 1956 Italian musical drama film written and directed by Flavio Calzavara and starring Luciano Tajoli and Jula De Palma.	Rigoletto e la sua tragedia	Flavio Calzavara
director	Tango Feroz: la leyenda de Tanguito (Spanish: Wild tango: the legend of Tanguito) is a 1993 Argentine drama musical film directed by Marcelo Piñeyro.	Tango Feroz	Marcelo Piñeyro
director	Paramparça is a 1985 Turkish action film, directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Tarik Akan, Gülsen Bubikoglu, and Cüneyt Arkin.	Paramparça	Halit Refiğ
director	The Gay Parisian is an American short film produced in 1941 by Warner Bros. and directed by Jean Negulesco.	The Gay Parisian	Jean Negulesco
director	The Little Wheedlers (or Les petits câlins) is a French comedy film directed by Jean-Marie Poiré.	The Little Wheedlers	Jean-Marie Poiré
director	André and Ursula is a 1955 West German drama film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Ivan Desny, Elisabeth Müller and Walter Clemens.	André and Ursula	Werner Jacobs
director	Mask of Dust, released in the United States as A Race for Life, is a 1954 British drama film directed by Terence Fisher.	Mask of Dust	Terence Fisher
director	The Night the Prowler (aka. Patrick White's The Night the Prowler) is a 1978 Australian film produced by Anthony Buckley and directed by Jim Sharman and written by Patrick White.	The Night the Prowler	Jim Sharman
director	Kanda Naal Mudhal (English: From the day I saw you) is a 2005 Indian Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by newcomer V. Priya, who had earlier assisted Mani Ratnam.	Kanda Naal Mudhal	V. Priya
director	Det kære legetøj (The Dear Toy, also known as Danish Blue), made in 1968 by director Gabriel Axel, is a Danish feature film advocating the legalizing of pornography.	Det kære legetøj	Gabriel Axel
director	Soft Shoulders, Sharp Curves (German: Die Auto-Nummer - Sex auf Rädern) is an erotic, comedy film directed by Gabriel Axel and Richard R. Rimmel, and released in 1972.	Soft Shoulders, Sharp Curves	Gabriel Axel
director	Why Sailors Go Wrong is a 1928 American silent comedy film directed by Henry Lehrman and written by Randall Faye and Delos Sutherland.	Why Sailors Go Wrong	Henry Lehrman
director	Desh Premee (English translation The Patriot) is a 1982 Hindi film directed by Manmohan Desai.	Desh Premee	Manmohan Desai
director	Sing, Cowboy, Sing is a 1937 American film directed by Robert N. Bradbury, one of Tex Ritter's singing cowboy film series for Grand National Films.	Sing, Cowboy, Sing	Robert N. Bradbury
director	Panchamrutham is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film, directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by EK Thyagarajan.	Panchamrutham	J. Sasikumar
director	Spike Up is a 2007 Australian short film, written and directed by award winning film-maker Anthony Maras, and produced in association with the Australian Film Commission, the Adelaide Film Festival Investment Fund and the South Australian Film Corporation.	Spike Up	Anthony Maras
director	Thambi Durai (Tamil: தம்பிதுரை) is a 1997 Indian Tamil film, directed by Senthilnathan and produced by K. Santhamani.	Thambi Durai	Senthilnathan
director	The Central Park Five is a 2012 documentary film about the Central Park jogger case, directed by documentary filmmaker Ken Burns, his daughter Sarah Burns, and her husband David McMahon.	The Central Park Five	Ken Burns
director	Last Wedding is a 2001 Canadian comedy drama film written and directed by Bruce Sweeney.	Last Wedding	Bruce Sweeney
director	Kola Kolaya Mundhirika (Tamil: கொல கொலயா முந்திரிக்கா) is a 2010 Tamil comedy film written by Crazy Mohan and directed by Madhumitha.	Kola Kolaya Mundhirika	Madhumitha
director	Picture Claire is a 2001 thriller film directed by Bruce McDonald of a screenplay by Semi Chellas.	Picture Claire	Bruce McDonald
director	To Mary - with Love is a 1936 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and written by Richard Sherman and Howard Ellis Smith.	To Mary - with Love	John Cromwell
director	Cannot Live Without You (Chinese: 不能没有你) is a 2009 Taiwanese film directed by Leon Dai, a professional Taiwanese actor.	Cannot Live Without You	Leon Dai
director	Utkarsha (Kannada: ಉತ್ಕರ್ಷ) is a 1990 Kannada movie by Sunil Kumar Desai starring Devraj.	Utkarsha	Sunil Kumar Desai
director	Okariki Okaru (Telugu: ఒకరికి ఒకరు, English: Each for the other) is a classical Indian movie directed by Director-turned-Cinematographer Rasool Ellore.	Okariki Okaru	Rasool Ellore
director	The 56-minute Gold Raiders was economically filmed in five days by director Edward Bernds, who also directed several of the Stooges' shorts.	Gold Raiders	Edward Bernds
director	Un jour mon prince! is an upcoming 2016 French-Canadian comedy film directed by Flavia Coste.	Un jour mon prince!	Flavia Coste
director	Krishna Nee Kunidaga is a 1989 Indian Kannada romantic-drama film written, directed and produced by Dwarakish.	Krishna Nee Kunidaga	Dwarakish
director	Mr. Untouchable is an English language documentary film for HDNet Films, directed by Marc Levin, and produced by Mary-Jane Robinson.	Mr. Untouchable	Marc Levin
director	His Father's Rifle is a 1915 American silent short drama directed by Edward LeSaint and written by Joseph F. Poland.	His Father's Rifle	Edward LeSaint
director	Mississippi Hare is a 1949 Looney Tunes cartoon short directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese.	Mississippi Hare	Chuck Jones
director	Flight 7500 is a 2014 American supernatural horror film directed by Takashi Shimizu, from a screenplay by Craig Rosenberg.	Flight 7500	Takashi Shimizu
director	The Spring has few online references and did not break director John Patterson out of television directing, where he found most of his success.	The Spring	John Patterson
director	Il criminale, internationally known as Night Train to Milan, is a 1962 Italian thriller film directed by Marcello Baldi.	Night Train to Milan	Marcello Baldi
director	Crying Ladies is a 2003 Filipino film directed by Mark Meily, and winner of Best Picture in the 2003 Metro Manila Film Festival.	Crying Ladies	Mark Meily
director	Kabhi Na Kabhi is a 1998 Bollywood crime film co-written and directed by Priyadarshan.	Kabhi Na Kabhi	Priyadarshan
director	Jaanisaar is a 2015 Indian film, directed by Muzaffar Ali, and written by Javed Siddiqui, Shama Zaidi and Muzaffar Ali.	Jaanisaar	Muzaffar Ali
director	The Public Pays is a 1936 short crime film directed by Errol Taggart.	The Public Pays	Errol Taggart
director	A Wave, a WAC and a Marine is an American 1944 musical comedy film directed by Phil Karlson (his directorial debut) for low-budget Monogram Pictures.	A Wave, a WAC and a Marine	Phil Karlson
director	While Brian G. Hutton ended up as the final director, originally,High Road to China was helmed by John Huston, before being replaced by Sidney J. Furie.	High Road to China	Brian G. Hutton
director	First Comes Courage is a 1943 American war film, the final film directed by Dorothy Arzner, one of the few female directors in Hollywood at the time.	First Comes Courage	Dorothy Arzner
director	The Correspondence (Italian: La corrispondenza) is an English-language Italian romantic film directed by Giuseppe Tornatore.	The Correspondence	Giuseppe Tornatore
director	Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei (English: The King of Torture, Pulikecei the 23rd) is a 2006 Indian Tamil historical-comedy film written and directed by Chimbu Deven.	Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei	Chimbu Deven
director	Caloola, or The Adventures of a Jackeroo is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe based on a novel published the previous year by Clement Pratt.	Caloola, or The Adventures of a Jackeroo	Alfred Rolfe
director	Week-End with Father is a 1951 film directed by Douglas Sirk.	Week-End with Father	Douglas Sirk
director	The Reckless Moment is a 1949 American film noir melodrama directed by Max Ophüls, produced by Walter Wanger, and released by Columbia Pictures with Burnett Guffey as cinematographer.	The Reckless Moment	Max Ophüls
director	Reel Injun is a 2009 Canadian documentary film directed by Cree filmmaker Neil Diamond, Catherine Bainbridge, and Jeremiah Hayes that explores the portrayal of Native Americans in film.	Reel Injun	Neil Diamond
director	La Gran final (English: The Great Match) is a 2006 film directed by Gerardo Olivares.	La Gran final	Gerardo Olivares
director	Chakkarayumma is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Sajan and produced by Jagan Appachan.	Chakkarayumma	Sajan
director	Love and Savagery is a Canadian-Irish drama film, directed by John N. Smith and released in 2009.	Love and Savagery	John N. Smith
director	Big Bad Wolves (Hebrew: מי מפחד מהזאב הרע‎, Mi mefakhed mehaze'ev hara, direct translation: ``Who is scared of the bad wolf'') is a 2013 Israeli black comedy horror-thriller film written and directed by Aharon Keshales and Navot Papushado.	Big Bad Wolves	Aharon Keshales	Navot Papushado
director	Anegan (English: Multiple Single Person) is a 2015 Indian Tamil psychological thriller film directed by K. V. Anand.	Anegan	K. V. Anand
director	An Air So Pure or Un air si pur... is a 1997 French comedy-drama film directed by Yves Angelo.	An Air So Pure	Yves Angelo
director	Olangal is a 1982 Indian film in Malayalam directed by Balu Mahendra.	Olangal	Balu Mahendra
director	If You Believe It, It's So is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by Tom Forman and written by Perley Poore Sheehan and Waldemar Young.	If You Believe It, It's So	Tom Forman
director	The Dogwalker is a 2001 film directed and produced by Jacques Thelemaque, starring Diane Gaidry (Ellie Moore) and Pamela Gordon (Betsy Wright).	The Dogwalker	Jacques Thelemaque
director	Love Wrecked (also known as Temptation Island internationally) is a 2005 film directed by Randal Kleiser.	Love Wrecked	Randal Kleiser
director	Una Jaula no tiene secretos (A cage has no secrets) is a 1962 Spanish - Argentine comedy film directed by Agustín Navarro.	Una Jaula no tiene secretos	Agustín Navarro
director	The Summer of Ben Tyler is a 1996 television film directed by Arthur Allan Seidelman.	The Summer of Ben Tyler	Arthur Allan Seidelman
director	Dhoop Chhaon is a 1935 Hindi movie directed by Nitin Bose.	Dhoop Chhaon	Nitin Bose
director	The Mind of Mr. Reeder is a 1939 British, black-and-white, crime, mystery, directed by Jack Raymond and starring Ronald Shiner as Sam Hackett.	The Mind of Mr. Reeder	Jack Raymond
director	Sympathy in Summer is a 1971 film directed by Antony I. Ginnane when he was a 19-year-old university student.	Sympathy in Summer	Antony I. Ginnane
director	The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin (also known as The Beast of Berlin and The Kaiser) was a 1918 American silent war propaganda melodrama film written by, directed by, and starring Rupert Julian.	The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin	Rupert Julian
director	Thundering Dawn is an American silent film directed and produced by Harry Garson.	Thundering Dawn	Harry Garson
director	Paruthiveeran (Tamil: பருத்திவீரன்) is a 2007 Indian Tamil romantic-drama film written and directed by Ameer Sultan.	Paruthiveeran	Ameer Sultan
director	Angaar (English: Fire) is an Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Shashilal K. Nair, released on 1 September 1992.	Angaar	Shashilal K. Nair
director	Five Days to Live is a 1922 American drama film directed by Norman Dawn and featuring Sessue Hayakawa, Tsuru Aoki, Goro Kino, Misao Seki, Toyo Fujita and George Kuwa.	Five Days to Live	Norman Dawn
director	Love in the 1980s (Chinese: 1980年代的愛情) is a 2015 Chinese period romance film directed by Huo Jianqi and based on a novel by Ye Fu.	Love in the 1980s	Huo Jianqi
director	On a le temps (English: We've Time) is a drama film directed and co-written by Abdolreza Kahani.	On a le temps	Abdolreza Kahani
director	Passionless Moments is a 1983 short Australian drama film written and directed by Jane Campion and Gerard Lee.	Passionless Moments	Jane Campion	Gerard Lee
director	Aalayamani (English title: Temple bell) is a 1962 Tamil language drama film directed by K. Shankar.	Aalayamani	K. Shankar
director	The Cloud Rider is a 1925 silent action adventure aviation film directed by Bruce M. Mitchell and starring Al Wilson and Virginia Lee Corbin.	The Cloud Rider	Bruce M. Mitchell
director	Miss Susie Slagle's is a 1946 film directed by John Berry.	Miss Susie Slagle's	John Berry
director	Abhilasha (Telugu: అభిలాష, English: Desire) is a 1983 Telugu film, directed by A. Kodandarami Reddy and was produced by K.S. Rama Rao.	Abhilasha	A. Kodandarami Reddy
director	An Act of Murder (also known as Live Today for Tomorrow and I Stand Accused) is a 1948 American crime film directed by Michael Gordon.	An Act of Murder	Michael Gordon
director	Zigano is a 1925 French-German silent crime film directed by Gérard Bourgeois and Harry Piel and starring Piel, Denise Legeay and Dary Holm.	Zigano	Harry Piel
director	The Levenger Tapes is a 2011 American horror-thriller film written and directed by Mark Edwin Robinson.	The Levenger Tapes	Mark Edwin Robinson
director	Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar (Hindi: शादी करके फँस गया यार, Urdu: شادی کر کے پھنس گیا یار‎) is a Bollywood film directed by K. S. Adhiyaman best known for directing Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam (2002).	Shaadi Karke Phas Gaya Yaar	K. S. Adhiyaman
director	Oh, to Be on the Bandwagon! (Danish: Man sku være noget ved musikken) is a 1972 Danish drama film directed by Henning Carlsen.	Oh, to Be on the Bandwagon!	Henning Carlsen
director	Lasa eta Zabala is a 2014 Spanish film directed by Pablo Malo regarding the killing of Lasa and Zabala.	Lasa eta Zabala	Pablo Malo
director	Mr. Reliable is a 1996 film directed by Nadia Tass.	Mr. Reliable	Nadia Tass
director	As Long as You're Near Me (German: Solange Du da bist) is a 1953 West German drama film directed by Harald Braun.	As Long as You're Near Me	Harald Braun
director	Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, a Sailor from York (Czech: Dobrodružství Robinsona Crusoe, námořníka z Yorku) is a 1982 Czechoslovak stop motion-animated film, with animated flashbacks, directed by Stanislav Látal.	Adventures of Robinson Crusoe, a Sailor from York	Stanislav Látal
director	Zelly and Me is a 1988 American drama film written, directed and produced by Tina Rathborne.	Zelly and Me	Tina Rathborne
director	David Holzman's Diary is a 1967 American film, directed by Jim McBride, which interrogates the art of documentary-making.	David Holzman's Diary	Jim McBride
director	``Home Soil'' is one of five episodes of the series directed by Corey Allen.	Home Soil	Corey Allen
director	The Devil's Chaplain is a 1929 American romance film directed by Duke Worne, written by Arthur Hoerl and George Bronson Howard and featuring Boris Karloff.	The Devil's Chaplain	Duke Worne
director	Don't Cry Mommy (Hangul: 돈 크라이 마미; RR: Don keurai Mami) is a 2012 South Korean crime drama film directed by Kim Yong-han.	Don't Cry Mommy	Kim Yong-han
director	Bar 20 Rides Again is a 1935 American Western film directed by Howard Bretherton and written by Gerald Geraghty and Doris Schroeder.	Bar 20 Rides Again	Howard Bretherton
director	How to Die in Oregon is a 2011 American documentary film produced and directed by Peter Richardson.	How to Die in Oregon	Peter Richardson
director	The Orphan of Anyang is a 2001 Chinese film from Sixth Generation writer-director Wang Chao.	The Orphan of Anyang	Wang Chao
director	Rancho Deluxe is a contemporary western film that was directed by Frank Perry and released in 1975.	Rancho Deluxe	Frank Perry
director	Introducing Dorothy Dandridge is a television film directed by Martha Coolidge.	Introducing Dorothy Dandridge	Martha Coolidge
director	Richard Oswald penned the tale which blended Doyle's original story and Der Hund von Baskerville and Rudolf Meinert was tasked with the direction.	Der Hund von Baskerville	Rudolf Meinert
director	The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner (German: Die plötzliche Einsamkeit des Konrad Steiner) is a 1976 Swiss drama film directed by Kurt Gloor.	The Sudden Loneliness of Konrad Steiner	Kurt Gloor
director	Summer Bachelors is a 1926 American silent romantic comedy produced and directed by Allan Dwan.	Summer Bachelors	Allan Dwan
dissolved or abolished	Cisplatina Province or Cisplatine Province (Portuguese: Província Cisplatina) was a Brazilian province in existence from 1821 to 1828 created by the Luso-Brazilian annexation of the Oriental Province.	Cisplatina	1828
dissolved or abolished	SDRC was purchased by EDS in 2001 for a reported $950 million.	SDRC	2001
dissolved or abolished	The Comptroller of the Treasury was an official of the United States Department of the Treasury from 1789 to 1817.	Comptroller of the Treasury	1817
dissolved or abolished	In 2001, MicroProse ceased to exist as an entity and Hasbro Interactive sold the MicroProse intellectual properties to Infogrames Entertainment, SA. The MicroProse UK's former main office in Chipping Sodbury was closed in 2002, followed by the company's former headquarters in Hunt Valley, Maryland in 2003.	MicroProse	2001
dissolved or abolished	In August 2008, as a part of the district reform in Saxony, the districts of Delitzsch and Torgau-Oschatz were merged into the new district Nordsachsen.	Torgau-Oschatz	2008
dissolved or abolished	The Blue Division faced a major Soviet attempt to break the siege of Leningrad in February 1943, when the 55th Army of the Soviet forces, reinvigorated after the victory at Stalingrad, attacked the Spanish positions at the Battle of Krasny Bor, near the main Moscow-Leningrad road.	Blue Division	1943
dissolved or abolished	Disagreements with the Spanish government led American and English settlers between the Mississippi and Perdido Rivers to declare that area the independent Republic of West Florida in 1810.	West Florida	1810
dissolved or abolished	Prince-Bishopric of Montenegro was аn ecclesiastical principality that existed from 1696 until 1852.	Prince-Bishopric of Montenegro	1852
dissolved or abolished	Cadix was a World War II clandestine intelligence center at Uzès, on the Mediterranean coast in southern France, from September 1940 to 9 November 1942.	Cadix	1942
dissolved or abolished	Delage was a French luxury automobile and racecar company founded in 1905 by Louis Delage in Levallois-Perret near Paris; it was acquired by Delahaye in 1935 and ceased operation in 1953.	Delage	1953
dissolved or abolished	In 2001, COGEMA was merged with Framatome and CEA Industrie to form the larger group Areva; the subsidiary's name was changed to Areva NC in March 2006.	Areva NC	2001
dissolved or abolished	In October 1920 British Bank of Northern Commerce merged with C.J. Hambro & Sons, with the combined bank taking the name Hambros Bank of Northern Commerce.	British Bank of Northern Commerce	1920
dissolved or abolished	The Armenian Oblast or Armenian Province (Armenian: Հայկական մարզ, Russian: Армянская область) was an oblast (province) of the Russian Empire that existed from 1828 to 1840.	Armenian Oblast	1840
dissolved or abolished	The Ahom kingdom (/ˈɑːhɑːm, ˈɑːhəm/, 1228--1826) was a kingdom in the Brahmaputra Valley in Assam, India that maintained its sovereignty for nearly 600 years and successfully resisted Mughal expansion in Northeast India.	Ahom kingdom	1826
dissolved or abolished	From 1657 to 1738 Merseburg was the residence of the Dukes of Saxe-Merseburg, after which it fell to the Electorate of Saxony.	Merseburg	1738
dissolved or abolished	West Berlin was a city that existed between 1949 and 1990 as a political enclave surrounded by East Berlin and East Germany.	West Berlin	1990
dissolved or abolished	The United States Railroad Administration (USRA) was the name of the nationalized railroad system of the United States between 1917 and 1920.	United States Railroad Administration	1920
dissolved or abolished	The Later Zhao (simplified Chinese: 后赵; traditional Chinese: 後趙; pinyin: Hòuzhào; 319-351) was a state of the Sixteen Kingdoms during the Jin Dynasty (265-420) in China.	Later Zhao	351
dissolved or abolished	The Marca-Tre-Spade was an Italian automobile manufactured from 1908 until 1911.	Marca-Tre-Spade	1911
dissolved or abolished	On 4 November 2010 Valmet Automotive signed an agreement to buy Karmann's roof-component sections in Osnabrück, Germany, and Żary, Poland.	Karmann	2010
dissolved or abolished	The Korn et Latil was a French automobile manufactured from 1901 until 1902.	Korn et Latil	1902
dissolved or abolished	On July 30, 2007 Oak Hill Capital Partners acquired Southern Air and merged the two airlines into one, giving birth to Southern Air Holdings, Inc. Consequently, Cargo 360 was absorbed into Southern Air in January 2008 and ceased operating under its own colors.	Cargo 360	2008
dissolved or abolished	Carrère and Hastings, the firm of John Merven Carrère (November 9, 1858 -- March 1, 1911) and Thomas Hastings (March 11, 1860 -- October 22, 1929), was one of the outstanding Beaux-Arts architecture firms in the United States.	Carrère and Hastings	1929
dissolved or abolished	In 1421 Eberwin I von Götterswick, who ruled Bentheim and Steinfurt since Steinfurt's dynasty was extinct, donated the town hall with market stalls of butchers and with a set of scales to the city.	Steinfurt	1421
dissolved or abolished	The colonies of Vancouver Island and British Columbia were joined into a new single colony (called British Columbia) in 1866, and the Legislative Assembly of Vancouver Island ceased to exist.	Legislative Assembly of Vancouver Island	1866
educated at	Vasily Aleksanyan graduated from the Moscow State University and the Law School of Harvard University as a Master of Laws.	Vasily Aleksanyan	Moscow State University
educated at	Giancarlo Corsetti earned a Ph.D. in economics at Yale University (1992), an MA in Economics at New York University (1987) and a Laurea in Economics at Sapienza University of Rome (1984).	Giancarlo Corsetti	New York University
employer	Rupert Moser (* 2. June 1944 in Horn, Thurgau canton, Switzerland) is professor emeritus for social anthropology and African studies at the University of Bern.	Rupert Moser	University of Bern
employer	Norman Ravitch is a professor emeritus of history at University of California, Riverside.	Norman Ravitch	University of California, Riverside
father	Prince Hamzah bin Hussein (Arabic: حمزة بن الحسين‎) (born 29 March 1980) is the son of King Hussein of Jordan and his American-born fourth wife, Queen Noor.	Prince Hamzah bin Hussein	Hussein of Jordan
father	Norodom Arunrasmy (Khmer: នរោត្តម អរុណរស្មី; born 2 October 1955) is the youngest daughter of HM King Father Norodom Sihanouk and stepdaughter of Queen Norodom Monineath Sihanouk.	Norodom Arunrasmy	Norodom Sihanouk
founder	BlackRock was founded in 1988 by Larry Fink, Robert S. Kapito, Susan Wagner, Barbara Novick, Ben Golub, Hugh Frater, Ralph Schlosstein, and Keith Anderson to provide institutional clients with asset management services from a risk management perspective.	BlackRock	Robert S. Kapito
founder	Bill Rasmussen conceived the concept of ESPN in late May 1978, after he was fired from his job with the World Hockey Association's New England Whalers.	ESPN	Bill Rasmussen
headquarters location	J W Miller & Sons Ltd was a boatbuilder in St Monans, Fife, Scotland for over 200 years.	J W Miller & Sons	St Monans
headquarters location	Atavistic Records is an American rock and jazz record label based in Chicago, Illinois, known particularly for its No Wave and free jazz recordings.	Atavistic Records	Chicago
licensed to broadcast to	CJAD is an AM radio station, owned by Bell Media, operating in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	CJAD	Montreal
licensed to broadcast to	WEAT (107.9 FM, ``Sunny 107.9'') is a radio station licensed to the West Palm Beach, Florida market.	WEAT	West Palm Beach
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koszelew (kɔˈʂɛlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gąbin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Koszelew	Gmina Gąbin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disentis Abbey (German: Reichskloster Disentis) is a Benedictine monastery in the Canton of Graubünden in eastern Switzerland, around which the present town of Disentis (Romansh: Mustér) grew up.	Disentis Abbey	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joe Hunter Field is a baseball field located in Beeville, TX on the campus of Coastal Bend College formerly known as Bee County Junior College, home to the Cougars.	Joe Hunter Field	Beeville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bess Kaiser Hospital was a hospital in Portland, Oregon, United States, which closed in 1998.	Bess Kaiser Hospital	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château de Caudon is a château located near the town of Domme, in the Dordogne Department of the region of Aquitaine in France.	Château de Caudon	Domme
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohalis (alternatively Bohalas ) is a small townland in County Roscommon.	Bohalis	County Roscommon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asperg ( ) is a town in the district of Ludwigsburg, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Asperg	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Three Entrance Cave Archeological District is a 9-acre (3.6 ha) archeological site in Cimarron County, Oklahoma, near Kenton, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.	Three Entrance Cave Archeological District	Cimarron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Morien (also referred to as ``Morien'') is a small fishing community of 700 people in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia, located in the southeastern Cape Breton Island near the rural community Donkin, and six miles from the town of Glace Bay.	Port Morien	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blaine House, also known as James G. Blaine House, is the official residence of the Governor of Maine and his or her family.	The Blaine House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Jafar (Persian: سياه جعفر‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Ja``far) is a village in Lisar Rural District, Kargan Rud District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 198, in 49 families.	Siah Jafar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northwest Indian College, operated by the Lummi tribe of Native Americans as a tribally controlled institution of higher education, is located in Bellingham, Washington.	Northwest Indian College	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spean Bridge (Scottish Gaelic: Drochaid Aonachain) is a village in the parish of Kilmonivaig, in the Highland region of Scotland.	Spean Bridge	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loughrea (/lɒxˈreɪ/ lokh-RAY; Irish: Baile Locha Riach, meaning ``town of the grey lake'') is a town in County Galway, Ireland.	Loughrea	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Despite this lack of status, Blakeley Raise is a worthy climb, providing extensive views over West Cumbria, Southern Scotland and the Isle of Man, including the towns of Whitehaven and Cleator Moor and the Sellafield nuclear processing site.	Blakeley Raise	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasteqan (Persian: راستقان‎, also Romanized as Rāsteqān) is a village in Gholaman Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rasteqan	Gholaman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brandywine Highway is a north--south limited-access highway in the vicinity of the city of Binghamton, New York, in the United States.	Brandywine Highway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenghua District (simplified Chinese: 成华区; traditional Chinese: 成華區; pinyin: Chénghuá qū; literally: ``become brilliant'') is one of nine districts of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, China, covering part of the eastern portion of the city.	Chenghua District	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saskatoon Farmers' Market is a public Farmers' market housed in a former electrical warehouse and garage in the Riversdale, district of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Saskatoon Farmers' Market	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bay Park Square is a shopping mall owned by Simon Property Group, in the Green Bay, Wisconsin suburb of Ashwaubenon, in the United States.	Bay Park Square	Ashwaubenon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrer Memorial Agricultural High School is an academically selective, day and boarding, Public high school for boys, located at Calala, a small suburb of Tamworth, in northern New South Wales, Australia.	Farrer Memorial Agricultural High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunningdale is a large village and civil parish in the Royal Borough of Windsor and Maidenhead in Berkshire, England.	Sunningdale	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Będzelin (bɛnˈd͡zɛlin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koluszki, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Będzelin	Gmina Koluszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaj Khuseh (Persian: كلاج خوسه‎, also Romanized as Kalāj Khūseh; also known as Kalāj Khāseh) is a village in Garmab Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kalaj Khuseh	Garmab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eschkopf near Hofstätten in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate (Südwestpfalz county) is a major hill, 608.3 m above sea level (NHN) high in the Palatine Forest.	Eschkopf	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobele Municipality (Latvian: Dobeles novads) is a municipality in the historical region of Zemgale, and the Zemgale Planning Region in Latvia.	Dobele Municipality	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świerczyńsko (ɕfjɛrˈt͡ʂɨɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Świerczyńsko	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Daryacheh (Persian: قشلاق درياچه‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Daryācheh; also known as Daryācheh) is a village in Cham Chamal Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Daryacheh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzień (ˈbud͡ʑeɲ) (formerly German Schutzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stepnica, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Budzień	Gmina Stepnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roosevelt Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington.	Roosevelt Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiatraczyn (vjaˈtrat͡ʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów, within Dzierżoniów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wiatraczyn	Gmina Dzierżoniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torma Parish (Estonian: Torma vald) is a rural municipality of Estonia, in Jõgeva County.	Torma Parish	Jõgeva County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parramatta Female Factory, in the former penal colony of New South Wales, is located in the grounds of Cumberland Hospital, North Parramatta, New South Wales.	Parramatta Female Factory	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park is a United States National Park located in western Colorado and managed by the National Park Service.	Black Canyon of the Gunnison National Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrożewice (mrɔʐɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Parzęczew, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mrożewice	Gmina Parzęczew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac Seul First Nation is an Ojibwe First Nation band government located on the southeastern shores of Lac Seul, 56 kilometres (35 mi) northeast of the city of Dryden, Ontario.	Lac Seul First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottawa Street Power Station is a former municipal electric and steam utility generating station for the Lansing Board of Water and Light in Lansing, Michigan, located on the Grand River in the city's central business district that was redeveloped as corporate headquarters for the Accident Fund Insurance Company of America.	Ottawa Street Power Station	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubnia (ˈlubɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Lubnia	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia Theological Seminary is a seminary in Decatur, Georgia.	Columbia Theological Seminary	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chennai Mathematical Institute (CMI) is a research and education institute in Chennai, India.	Chennai Mathematical Institute	India
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Lirgeh (Persian: دره ليرگه‎, also Romanized as Darreh Līrgeh) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Lirgeh	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torthorwald is a village and civil parish in Dumfries and Galloway, south-west Scotland.	Torthorwald	Dumfries and Galloway
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Sinai School is a historic Rosenwald School in rural Autauga County, Alabama, northwest of Prattville.	Mount Sinai School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juice107.3 (call sign: 4CAB) is a Christian radio station on the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	Juice107.3	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uchanie-Kolonia (uˈxaɲe kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Uchanie-Kolonia	Gmina Uchanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Shore High School is a high school located in the lakefront community of St. Clair Shores, Michigan.	Lake Shore High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Angola Ferry is a small and little-known ferry service that crosses the Mississippi River connecting Lettsworth, Louisiana with the Louisiana State Penitentiary, otherwise known as the Angola Prison.	Angola Ferry	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackbird mine was a large cobalt mining facility in Lemhi County, Idaho, United States.	Blackbird mine	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiel Castle (German: Kieler Schloss) in Kiel in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein was one of the secondary residences of the Gottorf dukes.	Kiel Castle	Schleswig-Holstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amir ol Omara (Persian: اميرالامرا‎, also Romanized as Amīr ol Omarā'' and Amīral Omarā; also known as Amīr ol Amar) is a village in Samen Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Amir ol Omara	Samen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Sebastião do Caí is a city near Porto Alegre in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	São Sebastião do Caí	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meshtin (Persian: مشتين‎, also Romanized as Meshtīn) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Meshtin	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Lusatia (German: Niederlausitz, Lower Sorbian: Dolna Łužyca, Upper Sorbian: Delnja Łužica, Polish: Łużyce Dolne, Czech: Dolní Lužice) is a historical region in Central Europe, stretching from the southeast of the German state of Brandenburg to the southwest of Lubusz Voivodeship in Poland.	Lower Lusatia	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardalu Sofla (Persian: زردآلو سفلي‎, also Romanized as Zardālū Soflá; also known as Zardālū) is a village in Nurabad Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zardalu Sofla	Nurabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMUG-LP (105.1 FM) is a low-powered, conservative Christian-formatted American radio station, licensed in the Pittsburgh suburb of Indiana, Pennsylvania and serving the Pittsburgh Media Market.	WMUG-LP	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fornham All Saints is a small settlement in Suffolk, England in the St Edmundsbury area.	Fornham All Saints	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Nicholas Historic District, known colloquially as ``Striver's Row'', is a historic district located on both sides of West 138th and West 139th Streets between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard (Seventh Avenue) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard (Eighth Avenue) in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	St. Nicholas Historic District	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District (also known as the town of Cassadaga) is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on March 14, 1991) located in Cassadaga, Florida.	Southern Cassadaga Spiritualist Camp Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meleh Har (Persian: مله هار‎, also Romanized as Meleh Hār; also known as Meleh Hār-e Dīzgarān, and Meleh Hāy-ye Dīzgarān) is a village in Harasam Rural District, Homeyl District, Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Meleh Har	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Newell Resort is a hamlet in southern Alberta, Canada within the County of Newell that was established in 2007.	Lake Newell Resort	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnowice-Kolonia (putnɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojsławice, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Putnowice-Kolonia	Gmina Wojsławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milad Tower (Persian: برج میلاد -- Borj e Milād‎‎), also known as the Tehran Tower (برج تهران -- Borj e Tehrān), is a multi-purpose tower in Tehran, Iran.	Milad Tower	Tehran
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Van Hoevenberg is a summit point located in the Adirondack Mountains in the Town of North Elba, Essex County, New York, 9 miles (15 km) east-southeast of the village of Lake Placid.	Mount Van Hoevenberg	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Young Women's College Preparatory Academy (YWCPA) is a university preparatory public secondary school for girls in Houston, Texas that is a part of the Houston Independent School District.	Young Women's College Preparatory Academy	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albula Railway (German: Albulabahn; Italian: Ferrovia dell'Albula) is a single track metre gauge railway line forming part of the so-called core network of the Rhaetian Railway (RhB), in the Canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.	Albula Railway	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silk Street Bridge is a historic Lenticular pony truss bridge located at Newark Valley in Tioga County, New York.	Silk Street Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karambakkudi (கறம்பக்குடி - தமிழ்) is a Taluk in Pudukkottai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Karambakkudi	Pudukkottai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Shest (Persian: بن شصت‎, also Romanized as Bon Sheṣt) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bon Shest	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Astoria Palace Hotel is a hotel in Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Astoria Palace Hotel	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boboszów (bɔˈbɔʂuf) (German: Bobischau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzylesie, within Kłodzko County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, near the border with the Czech Republic.	Boboszów	Gmina Międzylesie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afon Irfon (the River Irfon) is a river in Powys, Wales.	Afon Irfon	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faljenovići (Serbian: Фаљеновићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Faljenovići	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWRB is a shortwave international broadcasting station known as both ``World Wide Religious Broadcasting'' and (to a lesser extent) ``World Wide Radio Broadcasting'' broadcasting from Morrison, Tennessee.	WWRB	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gresswiller (German: Greßweiler or Gressweiler) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Gresswiller	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaldon is a village in Surrey, England, high on the North Downs immediately west of Caterham.	Chaldon	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piasek Mały (ˈpjasɛk ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Piasek Mały	Gmina Solec-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeltaPlex Arena & Conference Center (formerly Grand Rapids Stadium, Stadium Arena, and Turner Arena) is a 5,000-seat multipurpose arena in Walker, Michigan.	DeltaPlex Arena	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krugliniec (kruˈɡliɲet͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipusz, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Krugliniec	Gmina Lipusz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Khani (Persian: چاه خاني‎, also Romanized as Chāh Khānī) is a village in Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Chah Khani	Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Châteauroux (French pronunciation: ​(ʃa.to.ru)) is the capital of the Indre department in central France and the second-largest town in the province of Berry, after Bourges.	Châteauroux	Indre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gulf State Park is a publicly owned recreation area on the Gulf of Mexico in the city of Gulf Shores in southern Baldwin County, Alabama.	Gulf State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dutch Navy Museum is a naval museum in Den Helder, Netherlands.	Dutch Navy Museum	Den Helder
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEXP-FM (90.3 FM) is a public radio station based in Seattle, Washington, that specializes in alternative and indie rock programmed by its disc jockeys.	KEXP-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Navbandi (Persian: ناوبندي‎, also Romanized as Nāvbandī; also known as Nāybandī) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Navbandi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaotou Hui Ethnic Township (simplified Chinese: 高头回族乡; traditional Chinese: 高頭回族鄉; pinyin: Gāotóu Huízú Xiāng; Xiao'erjing: قَوْتِوْ خُوِذُو سِیْا) is a township of Wuji County in southwestern Hebei province, China, located 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) southwest of the county seat.	Gaotou Hui Ethnic Township	Wuji County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bastam Darreh (Persian: بسطام دره‎, also Romanized as Basţām Darreh) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Bastam Darreh	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riber is a hamlet in the Derbyshire Dales, lying within the boundaries of the town of Matlock.	Riber	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The War Memorial Opera House in San Francisco, California is located on the western side of Van Ness Avenue across from the rear facade of City Hall.	War Memorial Opera House	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qareh Chay Rural District (Persian: دهستان قره چائ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Qareh Chay Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pilot Island Light is a lighthouse located near Gills Rock, on Pilot Island at the east end of Death's Door passage, in Door County, Wisconsin.	Pilot Island Light	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mooretown Rancheria of Maidu Indians of California is a federally recognized tribe of Concow and Maidu people in Butte County.	Mooretown Rancheria of Maidu Indians	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinehill Inn, or just Pinehill, is a National Register of Historic Places listed house in the Ogle County, Illinois county seat of Oregon.	Pinehill Inn	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lady Isle is a small, uninhabited island, in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.	Lady Isle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upton-upon-Severn (or Upton-on-Severn) is a small town and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District of Worcestershire, England.	Upton-upon-Severn	Malvern Hills
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grinton is a small village and civil parish in the Yorkshire Dales, in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.	Grinton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeżewo-Wesel (jɛˈʐɛvɔ ˈvɛsɛl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jeżewo-Wesel	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago del Teide is a town and a municipality in the western part of the island Tenerife, Canary Islands, and part of the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife.	Santiago del Teide	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klasak Duży (ˈklasak ˈduʐɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skomlin, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Klasak Duży	Gmina Skomlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Building at 200-202A High Street is a historic store and dwelling located at Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.	Building at 200-202A High Street	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Mount Morgan was a local government area located in the Capricornia region of Central Queensland, Queensland, Australia, about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the regional city of Rockhampton.	Shire of Mount Morgan	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dizbin (Persian: ديزبين‎, also Romanized as Dīzbīn) is a village in Goyjah Bel Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dizbin	Goyjah Bel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gottröra Church is a church in the village of Gottröra in Norrtälje Municipality, Sweden.	Gottröra Church	Norrtälje Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Shahzadeh Hoseyn (Persian: امامزاده شاهزاده حسين‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Shāhzādeh Ḩoseyn; also known as Emāmzādeh Ḩoseyn) is a village in Chendar Rural District, Chendar District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Shahzadeh Hoseyn	Chendar Rural District	Savojbolagh County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mausoleum of Galla Placidia is a Roman building in Ravenna, Italy.	Mausoleum of Galla Placidia	Ravenna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mehringdamm is a street in southern Kreuzberg, Berlin.	Mehringdamm	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belén de Bajirá is a Colombian Corregimiento of Mutatá Municipality in the Antioquia State.	Belén de Bajirá	Mutatá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorstan (Scottish Gaelic: An Goirtean) is a small hamlet in Garve, Ross-shire region in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Gorstan	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Div (Persian: قره ديو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Dīv) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Div	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gudanjir (Persian: گودانجير‎, also Romanized as Gūdānjīr) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gudanjir	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oregon Trail, Wells Springs Segment, also known as the Oregon Trail, Boardman Bombing Range Segment, is part of an historic east--west migration route crossing Morrow County in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Oregon Trail, Wells Springs Segment	Morrow County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jocko Valley is located in western Montana in the northwestern United States.	Jocko Valley	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Based in Paris, the Institut Montaigne brings together leaders from civil society, industry, university, and public administration, fosters independent thinking on policy matters and explores ideas free from any economic or political preconceptions.	Institut Montaigne	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dishab (Persian: ديشاب‎, also Romanized as Dīshāb; also known as Deshāb) is a village in Tirchai Rural District, Kandovan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dishab	Tirchai Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barking Learning Centre, in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham, is a community-based learning facility.	Barking Learning Centre	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center is a concert hall located in the Arts District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Morton H. Meyerson Symphony Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thattankulam is one of the villages in Tirunelveli district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thattankulam	Tirunelveli district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gawki (ˈɡafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Lubotyń, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Gawki	Gmina Stary Lubotyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sunland Park Mall is a shopping mall in El Paso, Texas, owned and operated by Simon Property Group.	Sunland Park Mall	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshfield Station is located in the township of Thompson and Meserve's Purchase, at the base of the Mount Washington Cog Railway in New Hampshire, USA.	Marshfield Station	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mall del Norte is a super regional shopping mall in Laredo, Texas.	Mall del Norte	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	House of the Blackheads (Latvian: Melngalvju nams, German: Schwarzhäupterhaus) is a building situated in the old town of Riga, Latvia.	House of the Blackheads	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otter Ferry (Scottish Gaelic: An Oitir) is a settlement in Argyll and Bute, Scotland, formerly the site of a ferry across Loch Fyne.	Otter Ferry	Argyll and Bute
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzebieszewo (tʂɛbjɛˈʂɛvɔ) (German: Tribsow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Trzebieszewo	Gmina Kamień Pomorski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Mountain House is a town in west-central Alberta, Canada.	Rocky Mountain House	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hom-e Khosrow (Persian: خم خسرو‎, also Romanized as Ḩom-e Khosrow; also known as Khom-e Khosrow and Khum-e Khosrow) is a village in Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hom-e Khosrow	Khezel-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żelków-Kolonia (ˈʐɛlkuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żelków-Kolonia	Gmina Siedlce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bantumilli is a village in Krishna district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Bantumilli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reading Public Museum, in West Reading, Pennsylvania, has displays featuring science and civilizations, a planetarium and a 25-acre (100,000 m2) arboretum.	Reading Public Museum	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braemar Power Station is a complex of natural gas and coal seam gas fired combined-cycle power stations near Dalby in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Braemar Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menaku is a village in the northeast of Maré Island, in the Loyalty Islands of New Caledonia.	Menaku	New Caledonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hornton is a village and civil parish about 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Hornton	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kinlet is a small village and civil parish in the south-east of the county of Shropshire, England.	Kinlet	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Millen House (also known as ``Raintree House'') is a historic residence on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, United States.	Millen House	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	New River Community College (NRCC) is a community college in Dublin, Virginia, United States, in the New River Valley of southwestern Virginia, one of 23 colleges in the Virginia Community College System (VCCS).	New River Community College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolodiazhne (Ukrainian: Колодяжне) is a village in the Kovel Raion (district) in Volyn Oblast of northwestern Ukraine.	Kolodiazhne	Kovel Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winterborne Came is a small dispersed settlement and civil parish in the county of Dorset in England, situated in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south-east of the county town Dorchester.	Winterborne Came	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zarvav-e Sofla (Persian: زرواوسفلي‎, also Romanized as Zarvāv-e Soflá; also known as Zarvār) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District, Namshir District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zarvav-e Sofla	Kani Sur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robbers Pass is situated in the Mpumalanga province, on the R533 between Ohrigstad and Pilgrims Rest (South Africa).	Robbers Pass	Mpumalanga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Karlstal is the valley of the Moosalb stream located near Trippstadt in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Karlstal	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silambi Gewog (Dzongkha: སི་ལམ་སྦི་) is a gewog (village block) of Mongar District, Bhutan.	Silambi Gewog	Mongar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samna Kola (Persian: سمناكلا‎, also Romanized as Samnā Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Samna Kola	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Easton High School (EHS) is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Easton, Talbot County, Maryland, United States.	Easton High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Price Creek Lighthouse, also known as the Price's Creek Lighthouse, is a structure located near Southport, North Carolina.	Price Creek Light	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klooga is a small borough (Estonian: alevik) in Keila Parish in Harju County in northern Estonia.	Klooga	Keila Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bongarsu (Persian: بنگرسو‎, also Romanized as Bongarsū) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bongarsu	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMMM-FM (105.5 FM MHz) is a radio station serving the Madison, Wisconsin area.	WMMM-FM	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Honoratka (xɔnɔˈratka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ślesin, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Honoratka	Gmina Ślesin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karluk Airport (IATA: KYK, ICAO: PAKY, FAA LID: KYK) is a state owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) east of the central business district of Karluk, a community in the Kodiak Island Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Karluk Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady and St Margaret's Primary School is a former Catholic primary school located at Stanley Street, Kinning Park, Glasgow, Scotland.	Our Lady and St Margaret's Primary School	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McSwain Theatre is a 560-seat former cinema, and present day theater and music venue, located in Ada, Pontotoc County, Oklahoma.	McSwain Theatre	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodland Park District is a historic district of 63 single-family houses and multi-family dwellings in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.	Woodland Park District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	No. 1 Deansgate is the name and location of a medium-rise apartment building in central Manchester, England.	No. 1 Deansgate	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waupaca Municipal Airport (ICAO: KPCZ, FAA LID: PCZ) is a city-owned public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southeast of the central business district of Waupaca, a city in Waupaca County, Wisconsin, United States.	Waupaca Municipal Airport	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MAPS Air Museum, run by the Military Aircraft Preservation Society, is located at the Akron-Canton Regional Airport in Green, Ohio, USA.	MAPS Air Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mosbach is the capital of the Neckar-Odenwald district in the north of Baden-Württemberg, Germany, about 58 km east of Heidelberg.	Mosbach	Neckar-Odenwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamghol-e Bala (Persian: گامغل بالا‎, also Romanized as Gāmghol-e Bālā) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gamghol-e Bala	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Marin High School is a high school located in Novato, California, in the United States.	San Marin High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWKI, ``KI'' is an FM radio station owned by Cumulus Media in Kokomo, Indiana.	WWKI	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxnard High School, or OHS as it is commonly referred to, is a public four-year high school serving grades 9--12 in Oxnard, Ventura County, California, United States.	Oxnard High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tryon Creek State Natural Area is a state park located primarily in Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Tryon Creek State Natural Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The CIS Tower is an office skyscraper on Miller Street in Manchester, England.	CIS Tower	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Qoroq (Persian: حسين ابادقرق‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Qoroq; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Ramjerd-e Do Rural District, Dorudzan District, Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Qoroq	Ramjerd-e Do Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruchill Church Hall, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, was built as a mission for the Free Church of Scotland and completed in 1899.	Ruchill Church Hall	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Anthony Catholic High School is a private, Roman Catholic high school located in the Monte Vista Historic District in Midtown San Antonio, Texas, United States.	St. Anthony Catholic High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Silverwood Lake is a large reservoir in San Bernardino County, California, United States, located on the West Fork Mojave River, a tributary of the Mojave River in the San Bernardino Mountains.	Silverwood Lake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ware Hall is an historic residential apartment building at 383 Harvard Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Ware Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radio City Tower (also known as St. John's Beacon) is a radio and observation tower in Liverpool, England, built in 1969 and opened by Queen Elizabeth II. It was designed by James A. Roberts Associates in Birmingham.	Radio City Tower	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre is a privately owned convention centre located in Perth, Western Australia.	Perth Convention and Exhibition Centre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilderness Road State Park is a state park located in southwestern Virginia, near Cumberland Gap and Ewing, VA.	Wilderness Road State Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butestan (Persian: بوتستان‎, also Romanized as Būtestān) is a village in Malfejan Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Butestan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolonia Świętochów (kɔˈlɔɲa ɕfjɛnˈtɔxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarczyn, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kolonia Świętochów	Gmina Tarczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesamiyeh (Persian: حساميه‎, also Romanized as Ḩesāmīyeh) is a village in Neyasar Rural District, Neyasar District, Kashan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Hesamiyeh	Neyasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oshtut-e Pain (Persian: اشتوت پائين‎, also Romanized as Oshtūt-e Pā’īn; also known as Oshtūt and Ūshtūt) is a village in Jargalan Rural District, Raz and Jargalan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Oshtut-e Pain	Jargalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmiałowice (ɕmjawɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Marcinowice, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Śmiałowice	Gmina Marcinowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swaggerty Blockhouse is a historic structure near Parrottsville, in the U.S. state of Tennessee.	Swaggerty Blockhouse	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waldenmark, also known as the Edward Fischer House, is a historic house, studio, garage, and guesthouse located in Wrightstown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Waldenmark	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Doubleday Hill Monument is an American Civil War monument located in Williamsport, Maryland, in what is now River View Cemetery.	Doubleday Hill Monument	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Titus Canyon is a deep, narrow gorge cut into the steep face of the Grapevine Mountains of the Mojave Desert, within Death Valley National Park in southeastern California and southwestern Nevada.	Titus Canyon	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brazell Stadium is a college baseball stadium on the campus of Grand Canyon University in Phoenix, Arizona.	Brazell Stadium	Grand Canyon University
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foulk Fjord is a fjord in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Foulk Fjord	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Langlade County Courthouse is Langlade County, Wisconsin's historic courthouse, located in Antigo, the county seat.	Langlade County Courthouse	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melba Flats is a railway siding on the Emu Bay Railway east of Zeehan that served as a terminus for trains carrying copper ore from the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company in west coast Tasmania, once the Emu Bay Railway ceased services into the Zeehan townsite.	Melba Flats	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clejani is a commune in Giurgiu County, Romania, about 40 km south of Bucharest, in the Vlaşca region (part of Muntenia), on the Danube Plains near the Bulgarian border.	Clejani	Giurgiu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caves Valley Golf Club is a member-owned not-for-profit corporation in Owings Mills, Maryland, a suburb northwest of Baltimore.	Caves Valley Golf Club	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhotewodar is one of the main cities of Lamjung District.	Bhotewodar	Lamjung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child is a Catholic private school in Summit, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Oak Knoll School of the Holy Child	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clipper Valley is a vast, oval-shaped alluvial plain located in the eastern Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, California, in the south of the Mojave National Preserve.	Clipper Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kings Park Secondary School, on Fetlar Drive, in the Kings Park area of south Glasgow, is a Scottish non-denominational state school.	Kings Park Secondary School	Glasgow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Rzewuski (ˈstarɛ ʐɛˈvuski) is a large village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Rzewuski	Gmina Przesmyki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jorjor (Persian: جرجر‎, also known as Jorjor Darsūn) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Jorjor	Sepiddasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atrium Award is an award for excellent in journalism coverage of the garment industry given by the University of Georgia's Henry W. Grady College of Journalism and Mass Communication and AmericasMart, the world's largest permanent trade center for wholesale trade and the only permanent international trade center in the United States.	Atrium Award	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartal-e Melleh Gahar (Persian: سرتل مله گهر‎; also known as Sartal-e Tīghāb) is a village in Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dishmok District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sartal-e Melleh Gahar	Bahmayi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	783 ABC Alice Springs (call sign: 8AL) is the ABC Local Radio station in Alice Springs, Northern Territory.	783 ABC Alice Springs	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Mowlai (Persian: تازه ابادمولائي‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Mowlā'ī; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District, Gahvareh District, Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Mowlai	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raghunathganj I is a community development block that forms an administrative division in Jangipur subdivision of Murshidabad district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Raghunathganj I	Murshidabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Cayley volcanic field is a remote volcanic zone on the South Coast of British Columbia, Canada, stretching 31 km (19 mi) from the Pemberton Icefield to the Squamish River.	Mount Cayley volcanic field	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magic Valley Regional Airport (IATA: TWF, ICAO: KTWF, FAA LID: TWF), also known as Joslin Field, is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) south of the central business district of Twin Falls, a city in Twin Falls County, Idaho, United States.	Magic Valley Regional Airport	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neshel (Persian: نشل‎, also Romanized as Neshal; also known as Nesel) is a village in Chelav Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Neshel	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Junction Regional Airport (IATA: GJT, ICAO: KGJT, FAA LID: GJT) is a public airport three miles northeast of Grand Junction, in Mesa County, Colorado.	Grand Junction Regional Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rivona or Rivana (Konkani:रिवणा or रिवण) is a census town in Quepem taluka, South Goa district in the state of Goa, India.	Rivona	South Goa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deyhuk District (Persian: بخش دیهوک‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Deyhuk District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalatrazan District (Persian: بخش کلاترزان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kalatrazan District	Kurdistan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cercenasco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of Turin.	Cercenasco	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dingcheng District (simplified Chinese: 鼎城区; traditional Chinese: 鼎城區; pinyin: Dǐngchéng Qū) is one of two urban districts of Changde, Hunan province, China.	Dingcheng District	Changde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geelong (/dʒᵻˈlɒŋ/) is a port city located on Corio Bay and the Barwon River, in the state of Victoria, Australia, 75 kilometres (47 mi) south-west of the state capital, Melbourne.	Geelong	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lak Rural District (Persian: دهستان لك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Serishabad District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Lak Rural District	Serishabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oneida River is a river that forms a portion of the boundary between Oswego and Onondaga counties in central New York.	Oneida River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parada de Lucas is a lower-class neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Parada de Lucas	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weaverham is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire in England.	Weaverham	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Standard, East Village, formerly the Cooper Square Hotel, is a 21-story high-rise luxury hotel located at 25 Cooper Square in lower Manhattan, New York City.	The Standard, East Village	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erna Nixon Park is a public park located on 1200 Evans Road, Melbourne, Florida.	Erna Nixon Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRZZ is a commercial radio station located in San Francisco, California, broadcasting to the San Francisco Bay Area on 93.3 FM.	KRZZ	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomas Sprigg Wootton High School or Wootton High School (WHS) is a public high school in Rockville, Maryland.	Thomas Sprigg Wootton High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam Shur (Persian: كمشور‎, also Romanized as Kam Shūr) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kam Shur	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hormud (Persian: هرمود‎‎, also Romanized as Hormūd, Harmood, and Harmud; also known as Hormoz, Hormūd-e Bāgh, and Hormuz) is a village in Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District, Sahray-ye Bagh District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Hormud	Sahray-ye Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurek Chal (Persian: شوركچال‎, also Romanized as Shūrek Chāl) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shurek Chal	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCKS (102.7 FM, ``Kiss 102.7'') is a radio station licensed to the community of Fruithurst, Alabama, United States, and serving Carrollton, Georgia, as well as West Georgia and East Alabama.	WCKS	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Bud (Persian: سربود‎, also Romanized as Sar Būd) is a village in Katra Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sar Bud	Katra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mica Creek Power Station is located 5 km south of Mount Isa in north-west Queensland, Australia.	Mica Creek Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, shortened to Javits Center in popular usage, is a large convention center located on Eleventh Avenue, between 34th and 40th streets, in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, New York City.	Jacob K. Javits Convention Center	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut-e Olya (Persian: توت عليا‎, also Romanized as Tūt-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 801, in 143 families.	Tut-e Olya	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laśmiady (laɕˈmjadɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Laśmiady	Gmina Stare Juchy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edge Hill railway station serves the district of Edge Hill in Liverpool, England.	Edge Hill railway station	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa de la Vall is a historical house in Andorra la Vella, Andorra.	Casa de la Vall	Andorra la Vella
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sebring is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County, Florida, and located north of Sebring, Florida, and Lake Jackson.	Lake Sebring	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oswego Lake is a lake in Clackamas County, Oregon that is completely surrounded by the city of Lake Oswego.	Oswego Lake	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chadwell Heath railway station is on the Great Eastern Main Line in Chadwell Heath, which straddles the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham and the London Borough of Redbridge in east London.	Chadwell Heath railway station	London Borough of Redbridge
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haleangadi or Haleyangady ( Kannada:ಹಳೆಯಂಗಡಿ )is a place in Mangalore taluk of Dakshina Kannada district of Karnataka.It literally means Old shop in Kannada language although Tulu is local lingo.	Haleangadi	Dakshina Kannada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tungkong Mangga or Tungko (PSGC: 031420011) is one of the fifty-nine barangays comprising the City of San Jose del Monte, Bulacan in the Philippines.	Tungkong Mangga	San Jose del Monte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadirenigudem or Kadireni Gudem is a village in Nalgonda district, Telangana, India.	Kadirenigudem	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maklavan (Persian: ماکلوان‎, also Romanized as Mākalān) is a city in and the capital of Sardar-e Jangal District, in Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Maklavan	Sardar-e Jangal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Suy (Persian: قره سوي‎, also Romanized as Qarah Sūy; also known as Qarah Sū and Qareh Sū) is a village in Chelevand Rural District, Lavandevil District, Astara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Qarah Suy	Lavandevil District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coronado Apartments are an apartment building located on 3751--73 Second Avenue (on the corner of Second and Selden) in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	Coronado Apartments	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Vosta (Persian: قشلاق وسطي‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Vosţá; also known as Qeshlāq) is a village in Khodabandehlu Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Vosta	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brookefield of the Berrys is a plantation house located at Croom, Prince George's County, Maryland, United States.	Brookefield of the Berrys	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worli (Marathi: वरळी) is a locality in the city of Mumbai, Maharashtra.	Worli	Mumbai	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Kalak (Persian: باباكلك‎, also Romanized as Bābā Kalak) is a village in Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Baba Kalak	Gavdul-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaz Kuh (Persian: گزكوه‎, also Romanized as Gaz Kūh) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District, Khabushan District, Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gaz Kuh	Titkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand-Bourg (5,707 residents), Capesterre-de-Marie-Galante (3,469) and Saint-Louis (2,833).	Marie-Galante	Grand-Bourg	Saint-Louis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badopal (Hindi: बडोपल )mainly is a Village in Pilibanga tehsil of Hanumangarh District in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Badopal	Hanumangarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar County Sheriff's House and Jail are historic buildings located in Tipton, Iowa, United States.	Cedar County Sheriff's House and Jail	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamersley Range is a mountainous region of the Pilbara, Western Australia.	Hamersley Range	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubbers Stadium, or Arend D. Lubbers Stadium, is a stadium on the Grand Valley State University's main campus in Allendale, Michigan, USA.	Lubbers Stadium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanfaglan is a parish in Gwynedd, north-west Wales.	Llanfaglan	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieczkówka (mjɛt͡ʂˈkufka) (German: Mitschkowken, from 1938-45 Herbsthausen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie, within Gołdap County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Mieczkówka	Gmina Banie Mazurskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Patrick Hughes House, also known as Hughes Ranch and the Historic Hughes House, is a historic Queen Anne-style house built in 1898 on Cape Blanco in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Patrick Hughes House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mill Avenue Bridges consist of two bridges that cross the Salt River in Tempe, Arizona at the north end of the shopping district on Mill Avenue.	Mill Avenue Bridges	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunjuk Sukhteh (Persian: خنجوك سوخته‎, also Romanized as Khunjūḵ Sūkhteh) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khunjuk Sukhteh	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asbury Grove, located in Hamilton, Massachusetts, was formed during the camp meeting religious movement popular in the mid-19th century.	Asbury Grove	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cannon Mountain Ski Area is a state-owned ski resort located on Cannon Mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire, United States.	Cannon Mountain Ski Area	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Istadegi (Persian: ايستادگي‎, also Romanized as Īstādegī and Estādegī; also known as Estegī, Istegī, Saiyidān, and Seyyedān) is a village in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Istadegi	Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scottish National War Memorial is located in Edinburgh Castle and commemorates Scottish soldiers, and those serving with Scottish regiments, who died in the two world wars and more recent conflicts.	Scottish National War Memorial	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibford Ferris is a village and civil parish about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) west of Banbury in Oxfordshire.	Sibford Ferris	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Åsane Church (Norwegian: Åsane gamle kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Old Åsane Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jessie Creek Winery is a winery in the Dias Creek section of Middle Township (mailing address is Cape May Court House) in Cape May County, New Jersey.	Jessie Creek Winery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lone Tree Monument is on the site once occupied by a large tree in central Nebraska.	Lone Tree Monument	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandyup Women's Prison is located in the northeastern rural Perth suburb of West Swan, Western Australia.	Bandyup Women's Prison	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Café Stefanie was a coffeehouse in Munich which around the 1900s till the 1920s was the leading artist's meeting place in the city, similar to the Café Größenwahn atmosphere of the Café des Westens in Berlin and the Café Griensteidl in Vienna.	Café Stefanie	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehatl Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located in the central Lillooet Ranges to the west of Boston Bar.	Mehatl Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taennchel rises at the East of France, in the département of Haut-Rhin (region Alsace), half-way between Strasbourg to the North and Mulhouse to the South, around 60 km (40 mi) from both cities.	Taennchel	Haut-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neustadt an der Weinstraße (formerly known as ``Neustadt an der Haardt'') is a town located in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Neustadt an der Weinstraße	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport (IATA: SBP, ICAO: KSBP, FAA LID: SBP), McChesney Field, is near San Luis Obispo, California.	San Luis Obispo County Regional Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emelgem is a village in the Belgian province of West-Flanders and a part (deelgemeente) of the municipality Izegem.	Emelgem	Izegem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Band-e Barak (Persian: بند بارك‎, also Romanized as Band-e Bāraḵ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Band-e Barak	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canute's Palace in Southampton, England, is the name given to the ruins of a Norman merchant's house dating from the late twelfth century.	Canute's Palace	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hot Springs Mountain Tower is a 65.8 metre (216-foot) high observation tower built of lattice steel on Hot Springs Mountain at Hot Springs, Arkansas, USA.	Hot Springs Mountain Tower	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dark Hollow Run is a small stream in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, USA running through Solebury Township.	Dark Hollow Run	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino is a megaresort hotel and casino on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, USA.	Monte Carlo Resort and Casino	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomperrow is a hamlet between Threemilestone and Baldhu in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Tomperrow	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salina-Gunnison Airport (IATA: SBO, FAA LID: 44U) is a public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) northeast of the central business district of Salina, a city in Sevier County, Utah, United States.	Salina-Gunnison Airport	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	CSKA Ice Palace (Russian: Ледовый Дворец Спорта ЦСКА) is an Indoor arena in Moscow, Russia.	CSKA Ice Palace	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Messe Torhaus is a high rise building in the Bockenheim district of Frankfurt, Germany.	Messe Torhaus	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putnam County Business Park is a commercial development area located in Palatka, Florida.	Putnam County Business Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al Ghiasi (Persian: ال غياثي‎, also Romanized as Āl Ghīās̄ī) is a village in Hanza Rural District, Hanza District, Rabor County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Al Ghiasi	Hanza Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Merredin is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, about 250 kilometres (155 mi) east of Perth, the state capital.	Shire of Merredin	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Second Baptist Church of Dover is a historic Baptist church in Dover Plains in Dutchess County, New York.	Second Baptist Church of Dover	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fisk Barn is a historic barn on Gerry Road in Dublin, New Hampshire.	Fisk Barn	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canadian Forces Base Calgary, also CFB Calgary, was a Canadian Forces Base located in Calgary, Alberta.	CFB Calgary	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salnia (ˈsalɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Salnia	Gmina Krotoszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adiora is a small village and seat of the commune of Ouinerden in the Cercle of Gourma-Rharous in the Tombouctou Region of Mali.	Adiora	Ouinerden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzerzęczyce (ʐɛʐɛnˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłomnice, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rzerzęczyce	Gmina Kłomnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słuchocin (swuˈxɔt͡ɕin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Słuchocin	Gmina Grębków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Queen Charlotte Mountains are a mountain range comprising all mountains and small mountain ranges of Haida Gwaii (formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands), British Columbia, Canada.	Queen Charlotte Mountains	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheddington is a village and civil parish in the Aylesbury Vale district of Buckinghamshire.	Cheddington	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Deraz-e Chin (Persian: دره درازچين‎, also Romanized as Darreh Derāz-e Chīn; also known as Darreh Derāz) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Darreh Deraz-e Chin	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tallman Mountain State Park is a New York State Park located in the Town of Orangetown in Rockland County, New York, adjacent to the Hudson River.	Tallman Mountain State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clifton Burying Ground is an early colonial cemetery located in Newport, Rhode Island.	Clifton Burying Ground	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tejon Creek, originally in Spanish Arroyo de Tejon, is a stream in Kern County, California.	Tejon Creek	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madathiparambu is a small town and a part of Neezhoor village in Kottayam district, Kerala.	Madathiparambu	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmaj-e Hoseynkhani (Persian: سرماج حسين خاني‎, also Romanized as Sarmāj-e Ḩoseynkhānī; also known as Sarmāj) is a village in Shizar Rural District, Bisotun District, Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarmaj-e Hoseynkhani	Shizar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Moradkhan (Persian: دهمرادخان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Morādkhān) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Moradkhan	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mina Pirquitas is a town and municipality in Jujuy Province in Argentina in the Rinconada Department, in Coyaguaima district, 355 km from the capital of Jujuy, accessed from the town of Abra Pampa by provincial routes 7 and RP 70 (138 km).	Mina Pirquitas	Rinconada Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	The French Congregational Church, known since 1919 as the First Spiritualist Church, is a historic High Victorian Gothic church at 33-37 Bliss Street in Springfield, Massachusetts.	French Congregational Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Nezam (Persian: حسن نظام‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Neẓām; also known as Ḩasanneẓām) is a village in Angali Rural District, in the Central District of Bushehr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hasan Nezam	Angali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarcewo (jarˈt͡sɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jarcewo	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sun Bright (also known as the Sidney Johnston Catts House) is an historic residence in DeFuniak Springs, Walton County, Florida.	Sun Bright	DeFuniak Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dawley is a small town in the borough of Telford and Wrekin and ceremonial county of Shropshire, England.	Dawley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Chali-ye Sofla (Persian: آقچلي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Āq Chalī-ye Soflá; also known as Āq Chalī) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Chali-ye Sofla	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prohalino (prɔxaˈlinɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Prohalino	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver International Water Airport, (TC LID: CAM9), is located adjacent to Vancouver International Airport in Richmond, British Columbia, Canada.	Vancouver International Water Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varmahang (Persian: ورمهنگ‎) is a village in Shahu Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Varmahang	Shahu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southlake Regional Health Centre (formerly York County Hospital) is a hospital located in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada.	Southlake Regional Health Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Landmark Inn is a hotel that was founded in Marquette, Michigan in 1930.	Landmark Inn	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cemaes is a village on the north coast of Anglesey in Wales, sited on Cemaes Bay, an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty which is partly owned by the National Trust.	Cemaes	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panetolikos Stadium (Greek: Γήπεδο Παναιτωλικού Gipedo Panaitolikou) is a multi-use stadium in Agrinio in Aetolia-Acarnania, Greece.	Panetolikos Stadium	Agrinio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłodnia (ˈkwɔdɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kłodnia	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cottage Schools, at 255 E. Stillwater Ave. in Fallon, Nevada, United States, is a historic set of three school buildings that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.	The Cottage Schools	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kani Taleh (Persian: كاني تاله‎, also Romanized as Kānī Tāleh; also known as Kānī Ţalā and Kānī Tālā) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Kani Taleh	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Christian Church of Burlington is a historic church located at 415 S. Church Street in Burlington, Alamance County, North Carolina.	First Christian Church of Burlington	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnstone Park is a landscaped garden in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Johnstone Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oleksów (ɔˈlɛksuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewoszów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Oleksów	Gmina Gniewoszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 11 Beach Street in Reading, Massachusetts is a modest Queen Anne cottage, built c. 1875-1889 based on a published design.	House at 11 Beach Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elk Basin is a valley on the border of Montana and Wyoming in the United States.	Elk Basin	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Wilne is a small village in Derbyshire, England on the border with Leicestershire.	Great Wilne	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molly Ann Brook (sometimes Molly Ann's Brook) is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south between the northern ranges of First Watchung Mountain and Second Watchung Mountain in Passaic County and Bergen County, New Jersey.	Molly Ann Brook	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźno Stare (ˈbʐɛʑnɔ ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wągrowiec, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Brzeźno Stare	Gmina Wągrowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Purísima Mission State Historic Park is a state park unit of California, United States, containing La Purisima Mission, considered to be the most completely restored Spanish mission in California.	La Purísima Mission State Historic Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh Now-e Sarab (Persian: دهنوسراب‎, also Romanized as Deh Now-e Sarāb; also known as Deh Now) is a village in Rahdar Rural District, in the Central District of Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Deh Now-e Sarab	Rahdar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Uzorong Gewog (Dzongkha: ཨུ་མཛོ་རོང་) is a gewog (village block) of Trashigang District, Bhutan.	Uzorong Gewog	Trashigang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ram Stadium is a 5,000-seat stadium in Shepherdstown, West Virginia.	Ram Stadium	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdunki (ˈzdunki) (German: Sdunken (1938-45:Ulrichsfelde)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zdunki	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngaraard is the eighth state of the Republic of Palau, and was originally named Kerradel.	Ngaraard	Palau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Douve or Ouve is a river, 79 kilometres in length, which rises in the commune of Tollevast, near Cherbourg in the department of Manche.	Douve	Manche
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Government Cable Office at 218 Sixth Street in Seward, Alaska, United States, is a historic building that served as a telegraph office that connected Seward with communications in the rest of the United States.	Government Cable Office	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shek Sheung River (Chinese: 石上河; also known as River Sutlej; Hong Kong Hakka: Sak6song1 Ho2), is a river in northern New Territories, Hong Kong.	Shek Sheung River	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duliskan-e Sofla (Persian: دوليسكان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Dūlīskān-e Soflá) is a village in Qaedrahmat Rural District, Zagheh District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Duliskan-e Sofla	Qaedrahmat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tupkanlu (Persian: توپكانلو‎, also Romanized as Tūpkānlū) is a village in Takmaran Rural District, Sarhad District, Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tupkanlu	Takmaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Skinner-Tinkham House, commonly known as the Barre Center Tavern, is located at Maple Street and Oak Orchard Road (New York State Route 98) in Barre Center, New York, United States.	Skinner-Tinkham House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kheymand (Persian: خيمند‎, also known as Kheyrmand) is a village in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kheymand	Charam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varėna District Municipality (Lithuanian: Varėnos rajono savivaldybė) is a municipality in Alytus County in southern Lithuania.	Varėna District Municipality	Alytus County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYFA is a non-commercial religious station in Augusta, Georgia owned by the Bible Broadcasting Network.	WYFA	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monongalia County Courthouse is a historic courthouse building located in Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Monongalia County Courthouse	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarzal (Persian: سرزل‎) is a village in Jalalvand Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarzal	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dachong (Chinese: 大涌镇; pinyin: Dàchóng; Jyutping: Daai6chung1) under the direct administration of Zhongshan City, in southern Guangdong province, China.	Dachong	Zhongshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tingalpa Creek is a creek in South East Queensland.	Tingalpa Creek	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tursko Małe-Kolonia (ˈturskɔ ˈmawɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) (till December 31, 2000 as at Kolonia Tursko Małe with type of settlement as of colony independent) is a colony in the administrative district of Gmina Połaniec, within Staszów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tursko Małe-Kolonia	Gmina Połaniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kościół (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯) (German: Neukirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świerzawa, within Złotoryja County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowy Kościół	Gmina Świerzawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleta Point (also known as Campus Point) is a small peninsula on the central coast in the U.S. state of California.	Goleta Point	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naracoorte Airport (IATA: NAC, ICAO: YNRC) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) south of Naracoorte, South Australia.	Naracoorte Airport	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindeman Islands National Park is a national park covering the Lindeman Islands in Queensland, Australia, 885 km northwest of Brisbane.	Lindeman Islands National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keokuk Young Women's Christian Association Building in Keokuk, Iowa, United States is an historic building that was built in 1913.	Keokuk Young Women's Christian Association Building	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Granbury is a North Texas reservoir near Granbury, Texas.	Lake Granbury	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Lunas High School is a high school (grades 9 - 12) in Los Lunas, Valencia County, New Mexico.	Los Lunas High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum of the Barnes Foundation (5 ha / 12 acres) is an arboretum and site of the Barnes Foundation art gallery, located at 300 North Latch's Lane, Merion, Pennsylvania.	Arboretum of the Barnes Foundation	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasienin Mały (jaˈɕenin ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Jasienin Mały	Gmina Jeżów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roslindale is a primarily residential neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, bordered by Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, West Roxbury and Mattapan.	Roslindale	Boston
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bürgl Hut (German: Bürglhütte) is a private mountain hut at 1,699 m above sea level (AA) in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg.	Bürgl Hut	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints Church at Monie is a historic Episcopal church located at Venton, Somerset County, Maryland.	All Saints Church at Monie	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minworth Greaves is a timber cruck-framed, Grade II listed building in Bournville, an area of Birmingham, England.	Minworth Greaves	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark Canyon Dam is an earthfill dam located in Beaverhead County, Montana, about 20 miles (30 km) south of the county seat of Dillon.	Clark Canyon Dam	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midmar Castle is a 16th-century castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, located 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Westhill and 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) west of Echt.	Midmar Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre (VHHSC) is an acute care hospital affiliated with the University of British Columbia and located in Vancouver, British Columbia.	Vancouver Hospital and Health Sciences Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miejskie Pola (ˈmjɛi̯skʲɛ ˈpɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przedbórz, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Miejskie Pola	Gmina Przedbórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	DeLand-Weldon High School is a coed public secondary institution located in Piatt County, Illinois.	DeLand-Weldon High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanasín Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``tense or strongly tightened'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (72.81 km2) of land and located roughly 5 km east of the city of Mérida.	Kanasín Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuozhou (Chinese: 朔州; pinyin: Shuòzhōu) is a prefecture-level city in the north of Shanxi province, People's Republic of China, situated along the upper reaches of the Fen River.	Shuozhou	Shanxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poole and Hunt Company Buildings is a national historic district in the Hampden neighborhood of northwestern Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Poole and Hunt Company Buildings	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sangamon Ordnance Plant was a United States Army ammunition manufacturing facility constructed and operated during World War II. It was located west of Illiopolis in Sangamon County, Illinois encompassing 20,000 acres (80 km²).	Sangamon Ordnance Plant	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gornje Peulje (Cyrillic: Горње Пеуље) is a village in the municipality of Bosansko Grahovo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Gornje Peulje	Bosansko Grahovo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Creek Gallery is a fine craft gallery located in Creedmoor, North Carolina.	Cedar Creek Gallery	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veritas Christian School is a small Christian private school located in Lawrence, Kansas.	Veritas Christian School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incheh Shahbaz (Persian: اينچه شهباز‎, also Romanized as Īncheh Shāhbāz) is a village in Dowlatkhaneh Rural District, Bajgiran District, Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Incheh Shahbaz	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Švábov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈʃvaːbof)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Švábov	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dul Bagh (Persian: دول باغ‎, also Romanized as Dūl Bāgh) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dul Bagh	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabinad (Persian: جبيند‎, also Romanized as Jabīnad and Jabyand) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Jabinad	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topley Landing Provincial Park is a provincial park near Topley Landing in British Columbia, Canada.	Topley Landing Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disfan (Persian: ديسفان‎, also Romanized as Dīsfān) is a village in Kakhk Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Disfan	Kakhk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norra Botkyrka (North Botkyrka) usually refers to the northern residential areas of Botkyrka Municipality near Stockholm in Sweden.	Norra Botkyrka	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tieli (Chinese: 铁力) is a Chinese county-level city in Yichun prefecture, Heilongjiang province.	Tieli	Yichun
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salem Sue (or The World's Largest Holstein Cow) is a large fiberglass Holstein cow sculpture located in New Salem, North Dakota.	Salem Sue	New Salem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barrackpore, or Barrackpur, is the headquarters of the Barrackpore subdivision in the North 24 Parganas district, and is situated in North Kolkata.	Barrackpore	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carl Albert Federal Building is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma located in McAlester, Oklahoma.	Carl Albert Federal Building	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gowanus Canal is a canal in the New York City borough of Brooklyn, on the westernmost portion of Long Island.	Gowanus Canal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Greene Park is a city-owned and -operated park in the Fort Greene neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City.	Fort Greene Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Nakami (Persian: تنگ ناكمي‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Nākamī; also known as Tang-e Nākamīn) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang-e Nakami	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Killashee (Irish: Cill na Sí) is a village in County Longford, Ireland.	Killashee	County Longford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yakh (Persian: يخ‎) is a village in Ahram Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Yakh	Ahram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plagido's Winery is a winery located in Hammonton in Atlantic County, New Jersey.	Plagido's Winery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forêt de Bouconne is located in southwest France, on the border of the departments of Gers and Haute-Garonne about thirty kilometres west of Toulouse.	Forêt de Bouconne	Gers	Haute-Garonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caniapiscau Reservoir (in French, Réservoir de Caniapiscau) is a reservoir on the upper Caniapiscau River in the Côte-Nord administrative region of the Canadian province of Quebec.	Caniapiscau Reservoir	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amos B. Coe House is a historic home in Minneapolis, Minnesota, in the United States.	Amos B. Coe House	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Utz Arena (formerly the Toyota Arena) is a 5,500-seat multi-purpose arena in York, Pennsylvania, United States; located at the York Expo Center, which is on the York Fairgrounds.	Utz Arena	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Van Trump Creek, also called Van Trump Falls Creek or the Van Trump Fork of the Nisqually River, is a creek in Pierce County, Washington.	Van Trump Creek	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol Mall is the only regional shopping mall serving Bristol, Virginia.	Bristol Mall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Tavaraq (Persian: قره طورق‎, also Romanized as Qarah Ţavaraq; also known as Qarāţūraq) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qarah Tavaraq	Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	James J. Lenihan Dam is an earthen structure across the Los Gatos Creek creating the Lexington Reservoir in the Santa Cruz Mountains of Santa Clara County, California south of Los Gatos.	James J. Lenihan Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bushkan-e Mirzai (Persian: بوشكان ميرزايي‎, also Romanized as Būshkān-e Mīrzā’ī; also known as Būshegān, Būshgān, Būshgān-e Mīrzā’ī, and Būshīkān-e Mīrzā’ī) is a village in Deris Rural District, in the Central District of Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bushkan-e Mirzai	Deris Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kiiminki Church is an evangelical Lutheran church in the Kiiminki district of the Finnish city of Oulu.	Kiiminki Church	Oulu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastern Wayne High School (EWHS) is a public high school located in Wayne County, Goldsboro, North Carolina, that opened in 1969.	Eastern Wayne High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayswater Point State Park is a 17-acre (0.069 km2) state park located on Jamaica Bay in Queens, New York.	Bayswater Point State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge is a Pratt Truss bridge over the Chapman creek near Chapman, Kansas that was built in 1904.	Wilson Pratt Truss Bridge	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkhani (Persian: سرخاني‎, also Romanized as Sorkhānī) is a village in Owshiyan Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sorkhani	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kownaciska (kɔvnaˈt͡ɕiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchożebry, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kownaciska	Gmina Suchożebry
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thyagaraya Nagar, popularly known by its abbreviated form T. Nagar, is a neighbourhood in the city of Chennai, India.	T. Nagar	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Orwell flows through the county of Suffolk in England.	River Orwell	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockefeller Chapel is a Gothic Revival chapel on the campus of the University of Chicago in Chicago, Illinois.	Rockefeller Chapel	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dohna Castle (German: Burg Dohna, Czech: Donin) on the road from German Saxony to Bohemia was the seat of the burgraves of Dohna.	Dohna Castle	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Chah-e Duruznab (Persian: سرچاه دوروزناب‎, also Romanized as Sar Chāh-e Dūrūznāb; also known as Sar Chāh) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sar Chah-e Duruznab	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dębogard (dɛmˈbɔɡart) (German: Damgardt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Dębogard	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamsville North High School is a public high school in the Williamsville Central School District of Williamsville, New York.	Williamsville North High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Engadine High School, (abbreviation EHS) is a school located in Engadine, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, on Porter Road.	Engadine High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Zaghan (Persian: كنارزاغان‎, also Romanized as Konār Zāghān) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konar Zaghan	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conímbriga is one of the largest Roman settlements excavated in Portugal, and was classified as a National Monument in 1910.	Conímbriga	Portugal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owasco River (also known as Owasco Creek, Owasco Lake Outlet, and Owasco Outlet) is a river in Cayuga County, New York, United States.	Owasco River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogus Basin Mountain Recreation Area is a ski area in the western United States, located in southwest Idaho in Boise County, 16 miles (26 km) north-northeast of the city of Boise.	Bogus Basin	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wołcza Wielka (ˈvɔu̯t͡ʂa ˈvjɛlka) (Kashubian: Wiôlgô Wôłczô, German: Groß Volz) is a village in Gmina Miastko, Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wołcza Wielka	Gmina Miastko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mooghaun (Irish: Múchán) is a late Bronze Age hill fort located in County Clare, Ireland.	Mooghaun	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toogood Park is a 33-hectare park located in Markham, Ontario, Canada that is best known for its pond.	Toogood Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florínea (also: Florínia) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Florínea	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Herbert S. Nichols House is a house located in southwest Portland, Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Dr. Herbert S. Nichols House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graboszyce (ɡrabɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zator, within Oświęcim County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Graboszyce	Gmina Zator
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Zachęta National Gallery of Art (Polish: Narodowa Galeria Sztuki), is one of Poland's most notable institutions for contemporary art. Situated in the centre of Warsaw, the main aim of the gallery is to present and support primarily Polish contemporary art and artists.	Zachęta	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert F. Hall Catholic Secondary School (sometimes referred to as Hall or abbreviated as RFH) is a catholic school located in Caledon, Ontario, Canada.	Robert F. Hall Catholic Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spyker Castle (German: Schloss Spy(c)ker) and estate lie on the territory of the municipality of Glowe in the district of Vorpommern-Rügen in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Spyker Castle	Glowe
located in the administrative territorial entity	CarolinaEast Medical Center, the flagship hospital of CarolinaEast Health System (CHS), is a 350 bed acute care hospital located in New Bern, North Carolina.	CarolinaEast Health System	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Irar (Persian: ايرر‎, also Romanized as Īrar; also known as Īzar) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Irar	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jan Mahmud (Persian: جان محمود‎, also Romanized as Jān Maḩmūd) is a village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Jan Mahmud	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dirksen Senate Office Building is the second office building constructed for members of the United States Senate in Washington, D.C., and was named for the late Minority Leader Everett Dirksen from Illinois in 1972.	Dirksen Senate Office Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopeć (ˈkɔpɛt͡ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabów nad Prosną, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kopeć	Gmina Grabów nad Prosną
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabbinale, a village at the foot hills of the Western Ghats (Sahyadri) Agumbe range, is situated in Karkala taluk of the Udupi district of Karnataka state, India.	Kabbinale	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahar Kahur (Persian: بهار كهور‎, also Romanized as Bahār Kahūr) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bahar Kahur	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żabianka and Jelitkowo, Wejhera, Tysiąclecia is one of the quarters of the city of Gdańsk, on the border with Sopot.	Żabianka	Gdańsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jasionno (jaˈɕɔnnɔ) (German: Eschenhorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jasionno	Gmina Gronowo Elbląskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaça de Catalunya station, also known as Barcelona-Plaça Catalunya, Plaça Catalunya or simply Catalunya is a major station complex in Barcelona located under Plaça de Catalunya, the city's central square and a large transport hub.	Plaça de Catalunya station	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baghijan (Persian: بغيجان‎, also Romanized as Baghījān, Baghi Jan, and Begheyjān; also known as Baqījān and Begaijān) is a village in Ravar Rural District, in the Central District of Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baghijan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bacharach Institute for Rehabilitation is an inpatient and outpatient acute rehabilitation hospital with 50 beds located in the Pomona section of Galloway Township in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Bacharach Institute for Rehabilitation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stanley Mitchell hut is an alpine hut located at an altitude of 2,060 metres (6,759 ft) in the Little Yoho Valley in Yoho National Park, British Columbia.	Stanley Mitchell hut	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Man's Lake is a small lake near Magnetawan, in the Almaguin Highlands, Parry Sound District, Ontario, Canada.	Old Man's Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estakhr-e Bijar (Persian: استخربيجار‎, also Romanized as Estakhr-e Bījār) is a village in Kurka Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Estakhr-e Bijar	Kurka Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duża Wólka (ˈduʐa ˈvulka) (German: Groß Schwein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębocice, within Polkowice County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Duża Wólka	Gmina Grębocice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Honkawa Elementary School Peace Museum (本川小学校平和資料館 Honkawa Shogakkou Heiwa Shiryokan) is a museum of the Peace in Honkawacho, Naka-ku, Hiroshima, Japan.	Honkawa Elementary School Peace Museum	Naka-ku
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Louis University (SLU, /ˈsluː/) is a private research university with campuses in St. Louis, Missouri, United States and Madrid, Spain.	Saint Louis University	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Situated in the Silesian Voivodeship since its formation in 1999, Gliwice was previously in Katowice Voivodeship.	Gliwice	Silesian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamak-e Nad Ali (Persian: كمك نادعلي‎, also Romanized as Kamak-e Nād ʿAlī) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kamak-e Nad Ali	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Grottoes is the only show cave in the U.S. state of Maryland.	Crystal Grottoes	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Technology Center is a public middle school located in Garland, Texas (USA).	Jackson Technology Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel (Italian: Cappella Bartolini Salimbeni) is a chapel in the church of Santa Trinita, Florence, central Italy.	Bartolini Salimbeni Chapel	Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linton Hall School is a Catholic coeducational day-school occupying an 120‑acre campus in Bristow, Virginia, in Prince William County about 60 km (37 mi) west of Washington, D.C..	Linton Hall School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Barney is a mountain and locality within the Scenic Rim Region in south-east Queensland, Australia.	Mount Barney	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Józefówka (juzɛˈfufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rachanie, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Józefówka	Gmina Rachanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płonka-Matyski (ˈpwɔŋka maˈtɨski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łapy, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Płonka-Matyski	Gmina Łapy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Colleville-Montgomery (Colleville-sur-Orne) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Basse-Normandie region in northern France.	Colleville-Montgomery	Calvados
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unweave the Weave project is a road construction project, conducted under the operations of the Minnesota Department of Transportation.	Unweave the Weave	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Porter Old Meetinghouse is a historic meeting house on Old Meetinghouse Road in Porter, Maine, United States.	Porter Old Meetinghouse	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Murdi (Persian: دره موردي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Mūrdī) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darreh Murdi	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangasagara is a village in the Y N Hosakote Hobli of Pavagada taluk in Tumkur District, Karnataka, India.	Gangasagara	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odemira (Portuguese pronunciation: (oðɨˈmiɾɐ) or (ɔðɨˈmiɾɐ)) is a town and a municipality in Beja District in the Portuguese region of Alentejo.	Odemira	Beja District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krasnystaw County (Polish: powiat krasnostawski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Krasnystaw County	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The civil parish of Caton with Littledale is situated in Lancashire, England near the River Lune.	Caton with Littledale	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chesterville Brick House, also known as Goodings Store, Isaac Spencer House and Salter House, is a historic home and former commercial building located at Chesterville, Kent County, Maryland.	Chesterville Brick House	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharpness (/ʃɑːrpˈnɛs/ sharp-NESS) is an English port in Gloucestershire, one of the most inland in Britain, and eighth largest in the South West.	Sharpness	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sloulin Field International Airport (IATA: ISN, ICAO: KISN, FAA LID: ISN) is a public use airport serving Williston, a city in Williams County, North Dakota, United States.	Sloulin Field International Airport	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Matiaszówka (matjaˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczna, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Matiaszówka	Gmina Tuczna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Valley Cemetery is a cemetery located on Plainview Place in Manitou Springs, Colorado.	Crystal Valley Cemetery	Manitou Springs
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashopton was a small village in Derbyshire, England, in the vale of the River Ashop.	Ashopton	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daily there are three MSRTC (Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation) buses commuting between Mumbai & Thane cities from Savnas village.	Savnas	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln-Way Central High School or LWC, is a public four-year high school located approximately 3.5 miles south of Interstate 80 near the intersection of Schoolhouse Road and Lincoln Highway in New Lenox, Illinois, a southwest suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Lincoln-Way Central High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aveyron (French pronunciation: ​(avɛʁɔ̃); Occitan: Avairon (avajˈɾu)) is a department located in the north of the Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées region of southern France named after the Aveyron River.	Aveyron	Languedoc-Roussillon-Midi-Pyrénées
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capitol Airport (FAA LID: 02C) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) east of the central business district of Brookfield, a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, United States.	Capitol Airport	Brookfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fontaine Molière is a fountain in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, at the junction of rue Molière and rue de Richelieu.	Fontaine Molière	1st arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Sulejowska (ˈvulka sulɛˈjɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jadów, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Sulejowska	Gmina Jadów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail is a 19.8-mile (31.9 km) rail trail built along an abandoned Delaware & Hudson Railway (D&H) corridor between West Rupert and Castleton, Vermont.	Delaware and Hudson Rail Trail	Vermont
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa d'Adda (Éla d'Ada in lombard) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Bergamo.	Villa d'Adda	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haile Homestead, also known as Haile Plantation House or Kanapaha, is a historic site and museum in Gainesville, Florida, United States.	Haile Homestead	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Flamencos National Reserve is a nature reserve located in the commune of San Pedro de Atacama, Antofagasta Region of northern Chile.	Los Flamencos National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldeberkoop (West Frisian: Aldeberkeap) is a village consisting of about 1,550 inhabitants in the municipality of Ooststellingwerf in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Oldeberkoop	Ooststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Lake Museum, located in the former Arcata and Mad River Railroad depot at Railroad and G Streets, Blue Lake, California, has photos and artifacts of Blue Lake pioneer, local Indian, logging and railroad history.	Blue Lake Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Houston House, built in 1900, is an historic Carpenter Gothic style house located at 3708 Mead Avenue in Cincinnati, Ohio.	Houston House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue de la Ferronnerie is a street in the 1st arrondissement of Paris, in the Les Halles area.	Rue de la Ferronnerie	1st arrondissement of Paris	Halles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cibola National Forest (pronounced SEE-bo-lah) is a 1,633,783 acre (6,611.7 km2) United States National Forest in New Mexico, USA.	Cibola National Forest	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magoebaskloof Pass is situated in the Limpopo Province, on the R71, the road between Tzaneen and Polokwane, in South Africa.	Magoebaskloof	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Mountain State Parkway is a parkway located in northern Westchester County, New York, in the United States.	Bear Mountain State Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomb of I'timād-ud-Daulah (Urdu: اعتماد الدولہ کا مقبرہ‎, I'timād-ud-Daulah kā Maqbara) is a Mughal mausoleum in the city of Agra in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Tomb of I'timād-ud-Daulah	Agra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hochwang is a mountain of the Plessur Alps, located between the valleys of Schanfigg and Prättigau in the canton of Graubünden.	Hochwang	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolta Sar (Persian: كلتاسر‎, also Romanized as Koltā Sar; also known as Koltān Sar) is a village in Aliyan Rural District, Sardar-e Jangal District, Fuman County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kolta Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stone Zoo is a medium-small sized zoo of about 26 acres (11 ha) in Stoneham, Massachusetts, United States, by the Spot Pond reservoir.	Stone Zoo	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Lindley Schooley House and Office is a Queen Anne style house in Belmont, Ohio.	Dr. Lindley Schooley House and Office	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banner Island Ballpark is a baseball stadium located in Stockton, California, which seats 5,200 people with 4,200 fixed seats.	Banner Island Ballpark	Stockton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cynthia Peninsula is a peninsula in Northeastern Ontario, Canada, situated at the northern end of Lake Temagami.	Cynthia Peninsula	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumberland State Forest is a Virginia state forest located in the piedmont of the state, in Cumberland County.	Cumberland State Forest	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vorbasse with a population of 1,269 (1 January 2014) is the 4th largest town in Billund Municipality, Region of Southern Denmark, Denmark.	Vorbasse	Billund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kermajan Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرماجان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kermajan Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Williams Farm, also known as the Davis B. Williams Farm and Stinson Markley Residence, is a historic farm complex and national historic district located in Charlestown Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	John Williams Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etz Chaim Synagogue is a synagogue in the Old Port neighborhood in Portland, Maine.	Etz Chaim Synagogue	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robins Air Force Base (IATA: WRB, ICAO: KWRB) is a major United States Air Force installation located in Houston County, Georgia, United States.	Robins Air Force Base	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad division is an administrative unit of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Allahabad division	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stampesletta is a multi-use stadium complex in Lillehammer, Norway.	Stampesletta	Lillehammer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barfi Kushkarri (Persian: برفي كوشكري‎, also Romanized as Barfī Kūshkarrī; also known as Barfī Gūshkarrī, Jegarlū Gūsh Kanīsh, and Jegarlū Gūsh Karīz) is a village in Fathabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Barfi Kushkarri	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gerhard Marcks Museum or Gerhard Marcks House (German: Gerhard Marcks Haus) is a museum in Bremen, Germany, inspired by the work of the sculptor and graphic artist Gerhard Marcks.	Gerhard Marcks House	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peridot Mesa vent is a part of the San Carlos volcanic field located in San Carlos, Arizona, USA on the San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation.	Peridot Mesa	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serai Naurang is Tehsil of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Serai Naurang	Lakki Marwat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehdarbon (Persian: لهداربن‎, also Romanized as Lehdārbon) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lehdarbon	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bohemian Cafe is located at 1406 South 13th Street in the historic Little Bohemia neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.	Bohemian Cafe	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Man on His Back Prairie and Heritage Conservation Area is a 5300-hectare Conservation area located in Reno Municipality No. 51, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Old Man on His Back Prairie and Heritage Conservation Area	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swobnica (sfɔbˈnit͡sa) (formerly German: Wildenbruch in Pommern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Swobnica	Gmina Banie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falahill is a village in the Scottish Borders, in the Moorfoot Hills, at NT387563, in the Parish of Heriot, and close to the border with Midlothian.	Falahill	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fajã Pelada is a permanent debris field, known as a fajã, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Velas, in the municipality of the same name, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fajã Pelada	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nob Hill Business Center is a historic shopping center in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Nob Hill Business Center	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puliyankurichi is a village that belongs to Ganagavalli taluk in the Salem district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Puliyankurichi	Salem district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosamond Gifford Zoo at Burnet Park is a zoo in Syracuse, New York.	Rosamond Gifford Zoo	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Famoso Raceway dragstrip is located north of Bakersfield, California, and is known historically as the home to the annual March Meet, also known as the U.S. Fuel and Gas Championships.	Famoso Raceway	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mersin District 7 Sports Hall (Turkish: 7. Bölge Spor Salonu) is a multi-sport indoor arena located at Toroslar district of Mersin Province, Turkey.	Mersin District 7 Sports Hall	Toroslar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Changsari is a town in Kamrup district of Assam, situated on the north bank of the Brahmaputra River.	Changsari	Kamrup district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mynydd Illtud is an extensive area of common land near Libanus, Powys, Wales, located in the Brecon Beacons National Park and some three miles south-west of Brecon.	Mynydd Illtud	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chateau Frontenac Apartments was an apartment building located at 10410 East Jefferson Avenue in Detroit, Michigan.	Chateau Frontenac Apartments	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crescent Street (French: rue Crescent) is a southbound street located in downtown Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Crescent Street	Montreal	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valdes Island is one of the Gulf Islands located in the Strait of Georgia, British Columbia, Canada.	Valdes Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafteh Rud (Persian: كفته رود‎, also Romanized as Kafteh Rūd; also known as Kaft Rūd) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kafteh Rud	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum, located in Farmington Hills, Michigan, is devoted to a huge collection of coin-operated animatronic dummies, mechanical games and other oddities.	Marvin's Marvelous Mechanical Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garur is a town in the Bageshwar district of the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Garur	Bageshwar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles Piggott House, also known as Piggott's Castle, is a house located in southwest Portland, Oregon, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Charles Piggott House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch Road 1 (RR 1) is a Ranch Road located in Gillespie and Blanco counties, in the central region of the U.S. state of Texas.	Ranch Road 1	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lir Sukhteh-ye Ludab (Persian: ليرسوخته لوداب‎, also Romanized as Līr Sūkhteh-ye Lūdāb; also known as Līr Sūkhteh) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Lir Sukhteh-ye Ludab	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hop-o'-Nose Knitting Mill was a structure representative of the industrial history of Catskill, New York in the nineteenth century.	Hop-o'-Nose Knitting Mill	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenways Road (Tamil: பசுமைவழிச்சாலை) is a road and neighbourhood in Chennai, India.	Greenways Road	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred Robinson Bridge in Montana is a four-span steel-girder bridge over the Missouri River between Fergus County and Phillips County that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.	Fred Robinson Bridge	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boulevard des Capucines is one of the four 'grands boulevards' in Paris, a chain of boulevards running east-west that also includes Boulevard de la Madeleine, Boulevard des Italiens, and Boulevard Montmartre.	Boulevard des Capucines	Madeleine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maskeliya Dam (also known as the Maussakelle Dam) is a large gravity dam at Maskeliya, in the Central Province of Sri Lanka.	Maskeliya Dam	Central Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stevens' Building is an historic commercial building at 24-44 Southbridge Street in downtown Worcester, Massachusetts.	Stevens' Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pachore is a Tahsil Place and a nagar panchayat in Rajgarh district of Madhya Pradesh in India.	Pachore	Rajgarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denver Academy is an independent, private day school serving grades 1-12 in Denver, Colorado.	Denver Academy	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Gas Building is a high-rise building located in the United States capital of Washington, D.C..	Washington Gas Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Munsey Trust Building'' was a historic high-rise office building located in Washington, D.C., United States, on E Street, N.W., between 12th and 13th Streets (adjacent to the National Theatre (Washington, D.C.)).	Munsey Trust Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eikeren or Eikern is a long and deep lake in the municipalities of Hof in the county of Vestfold and Øvre Eiker in the county of Buskerud, Norway.	Eikeren	Hof	Øvre Eiker
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syleham is a small parish, next to the River Waveney in Suffolk, England, about six miles east of Diss.	Syleham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krakówki-Zdzichy (kraˈkufki ˈzd͡ʑixɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Krakówki-Zdzichy	Gmina Grodzisk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arab Mountain Fire Observation Station is a historic fire observation station located on Mount Arab at Piercefield in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Arab Mountain Fire Observation Station	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neptune Society Columbarium of San Francisco is a columbarium (repository for human ashes) owned and operated by the Neptune Society of Northern California, at One Loraine Court, near Stanyan and Anza Streets, just north of Golden Gate Park in San Francisco, California.	Neptune Society Columbarium	San Francisco	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان قلعه خواجه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duff House is a Georgian estate house in Banff, Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Duff House	Banff	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damagheh-ye Sefid (Persian: دماغه سفيد‎, also Romanized as Damāgheh-ye Sefīd; also known as Damāgheh) is a village in Hamgin Rural District, in the Central District of Dehaqan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Damagheh-ye Sefid	Hamgin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mougins (pronounced: (mu.ʒæ̃)) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	Mougins	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rattlesnake River is a 3.6-mile-long (5.9 km) river in eastern New Hampshire in the United States.	Rattlesnake River	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Split Rock Lighthouse State Park is a state park of Minnesota on the North Shore of Lake Superior.	Split Rock Lighthouse State Park	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamar Towers are a pair of skyscrapers currently under construction in the city of Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.	Lamar Towers	Jeddah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Forksville Covered Bridge is a Burr arch truss covered bridge over Loyalsock Creek in the borough of Forksville, Sullivan County, in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.	Forksville Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymieniec-Kąty (tɨˈmjɛɲɛt͡s ˈkɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczytniki, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tymieniec-Kąty	Gmina Szczytniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Summer Lake Wildlife Area (also known as Summer Lake State Game Management Area) is a 29.6-square-mile (77 km2) wildlife refuge located on the northwestern edge of the Great Basin drainage in south-central Oregon.	Summer Lake Wildlife Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żyźniewo (ʐɨʑˈɲevɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Troszyn, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Żyźniewo	Gmina Troszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Periperi is a subdistrict north of Salvador, in the Brazilian State of Bahia.	Periperi	Bahia
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Jo Frontier Casino is a riverboat casino on the edge of the Missouri River in St. Joseph, Missouri owned by Affinity Gaming.	St. Jo Frontier Casino	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boonslick Bridge is a series of girder bridges on U.S. Route 40, Route 5, and Route 87 across the Missouri River between Cooper County, Missouri and Howard County, Missouri at Boonville, Missouri.	Boonslick Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quartz Hill Airport was an airport in Quartz Hill, California.	Quartz Hill Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agglsspitze (Italian: Cima dell'Accla; German: Agglsspitze) is a mountain in South Tyrol, Italy.	Agglsspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puckapunyal (more formally the Puckapunyal Military Area, but also known as the Puckapunyal Camp or Puckapunyal Army Base, and colloquially as ``Pucka'') is an Australian Army training facility and base 10 km west of Seymour, in central Victoria, south-eastern Australia.	Puckapunyal	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park is a protected area of 862 hectares (2,130 acres) located in southeastern South Australia near Mount Gambier.	Piccaninnie Ponds Conservation Park	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Secaș (Hungarian: Temesszékás) is a commune in Timiș County, Romania.	Secaș	Timiș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webster University is an American non-profit private university with its main campus in Webster Groves, Missouri.	Webster University	Webster Groves
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashford-in-the-Water is a village in the Derbyshire Peak District, England, and on the River Wye.	Ashford-in-the-Water	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charandu (Persian: چرندو‎, also Romanized as Charandū and Charandow; also known as Charnau and Charnū) is a village in Sarab Qamish Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Charandu	Sarab Qamish Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Boggy Creek, also known as the Clear Boggy River, is a 132-mile-long (212 km) creek in southeastern Oklahoma that is a tributary of Muddy Boggy Creek.	Clear Boggy Creek	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stampede Grandstand is a 17,000-seat, plus 8,000 more with standing room, stadium in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Stampede Grandstand	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hennepin Avenue is a major street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.	Hennepin Avenue	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thediyur (also spelled Tediyur or Thethiyur) is a village in Kudavasal taluk, Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thediyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cayoosh Creek is a northeast-flowing tributary of the Seton River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Cayoosh Creek	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysieka (vɨˈɕeka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland; it is close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wysieka	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Manuel Amphitheater (originally Glen Helen Pavilion and formerly Blockbuster Pavilion and Hyundai Pavilion) is a 65,000-capacity amphitheater located in the hills of Glen Helen Regional Park in San Bernardino, California.	San Manuel Amphitheater	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles W. Van De Mark House is a Queen Anne style historic building located in Clyde, Kansas, United States, that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Charles W. Van De Mark House	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamiana (Ukrainian: Кам'яна; Romanian: Camena) is a commune (selsoviet) in Storozhynets Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Kamiana	Storozhynets Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangak (Persian: گنگك‎, also Romanized as Gongak; also known as Kūīngak) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Gangak	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nanhai Academy (Chinese: 南海學園; pinyin: Nánhǎi Xuéyuán) is a collection of cultural and educational facilities located on Nanhai Road in the Zhongzheng District of Taipei, Taiwan.	Nanhai Academy	Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWED (1580 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a Country music format, licensed to Seguin, Texas.	KWED	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBLV (90.3 FM) and WBLU-FM (88.9 FM), collectively known as ``Blue Lake Public Radio'', are two public radio stations in the Grand Rapids / Muskegon area of Michigan, USA, owned by the Blue Lake Fine Arts Camp.	WBLV	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airntully is a village in the Scottish council area of Perth and Kinross, which is to the west of the River Tay, 8 miles (11 km) north of Perth.	Airntully	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Gol (Persian: درگل‎, also Romanized as Dar Gel) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dar Gol	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savahel (Persian: سواحل‎, also Romanized as Savāḩel) is a village in Chah-e Mobarak Rural District, Chah-e Mobarak District, Asaluyeh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Savahel	Chah-e Mobarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whatcote is a village and civil parish in Warwickshire, England, about 4 miles (6.4 km) northeast of Shipston on Stour.	Whatcote	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sureddipalem is a village in K.Kotapadu Mandal in the Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Sureddipalem	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murajhar is a Bazar (same name has a village Panchayat and a Police station) of Hojai Subdivision of Nagaon district of Assam.	Murajhar	Nagaon district	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Abella is a district in the municipality of Sant Martí de Centelles, in the comarca of Osona (Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain).	L'Abella	Sant Martí de Centelles
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagnara Calabra (or simply Bagnara) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in Calabria, southern Italy.	Bagnara Calabra	Province of Reggio Calabria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruden Bay is a small village in Scotland, on the north coast of the Bay of Cruden in Aberdeenshire, 26 miles (42 km) north of Aberdeen.	Cruden Bay	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohneh Kolbad (Persian: كهنه كلباد‎, also Romanized as Kohneh Kolbād and Kohneh Kālbād) is a village in Livan Rural District, Now Kandeh District, Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Kohneh Kolbad	Livan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berea Union Depot is a train station in Berea, Ohio, United States, which was built in 1876.	Berea Union Depot	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Computer & Robotics Museum, formerly known as the American Computer Museum, is a museum of the history of computing, communications, artificial intelligence & robotics that is located in Bozeman, Montana, USA.	American Computer & Robotics Museum	Bozeman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Menongue is a town, municipality and the capital of Cuando Cubango Province in Angola.	Menongue	Cuando Cubango
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacred Heart, Edinburgh, formally known as the Catholic Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus, is a Roman Catholic church run by the Society of Jesus, close to the city centre of Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom.	Sacred Heart, Edinburgh	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalavoi (South) is a village in the Sendurai taluk of Ariyalur district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Thalavoi (South)	Ariyalur district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nukan-e Sofla (Persian: نوكن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nūkan-e Soflá; also known as Nūkand) is a village in Meymand Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nukan-e Sofla	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes is a national historic district consisting of a combined department store and shoe store building located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Hochschild, Kohn Belvedere and Hess Shoes	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lajes das Flores (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈlaʒɨʒ ðɐʃ ˈfloɾɨʃ)) is municipality in the western part of the Azores; it includes the southern part of the island of Flores.	Lajes das Flores	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Chad's Church, Far Headingley is the parish church of Far Headingley in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.	St Chad's Church, Far Headingley	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Park Academy is an academy status secondary school in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	Richmond Park Academy	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tymianki-Skóry (tɨˈmjaŋki ˈskurɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Tymianki-Skóry	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Michaels Mill is a mill building in Saint Michaels, Maryland first built in 1890 and expanded several times until the 1930s.	Saint Michaels Mill	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hobart Gap is a strategic pass and road through the Watchung Mountains in Northern New Jersey.	Hobart Gap	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bargaz-e Bala (Persian: برگزبالا‎, also Romanized as Bargaz-e Bālā) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Bargaz-e Bala	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cham Qamar (Persian: چم قمر‎) is a village in Afrineh Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Cham Qamar	Afrineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murderers Creek (or Murderer's Creek) is a creek in upstate New York that flows into the Hudson River in Greene County, New York, just north of the town of Athens.	Murderers Creek	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCWM (1460 AM) is a radio station licensed in Hondo, Texas, USA.	KCWM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lawler's Tavern is a historic commercial building in the village of Mechanicsburg, Ohio, United States.	Lawler's Tavern	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bednary-Kolonia (bɛdˈnarɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bednary-Kolonia	Gmina Nieborów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherepivske (Ukrainian: Черепівське) is a village (a selo) in the Zaporizhia Raion (district) of Zaporizhia Oblast in southern Ukraine.	Cherepivske	Zaporizhia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaketown Site (22 HU 505) is an archaeological site with two prehistoric earthwork mounds in Humphreys County, Mississippi, United States.	Jaketown Site	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark County Airport (FAA LID: 8D7) is a county-owned public-use airport located two miles (3 km) northeast of the central business district of Clark, in Clark County, South Dakota, United States.	Clark County Airport	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beli Vir (Bulgarian: Бели вир) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality, in Kardzhali Province, in southern-central Bulgaria.	Beli Vir	Chernoochene Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nisqually Glacier is one of the larger glaciers on the southwestern face of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington.	Nisqually Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khalilabad County (Persian: شهرستان خلیل‌آباد‎) is a county in Razavi Khorasan Province in Iran.	Khalilabad County	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jedlanka Stara (jɛˈdlanka ˈstara) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jedlanka Stara	Gmina Iłża
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meade Senior High School is a public secondary school for grades 9 through 12 located at Fort Meade, Maryland and is administered by Anne Arundel County Public Schools.	Meade Senior High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogity (rɔˈɡitɨ) (German: Regitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Rogity	Gmina Braniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakland Medical Center, also known as Kaiser Oakland, is a hospital located in Oakland, California, United States, at the intersection of MacArthur Boulevard and Broadway, immediately above downtown Oakland.	Oakland Medical Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clark County Public Library is the public library of Clark County, Ohio, United States.	Clark County Public Library	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vagabond Army Heliport, formerly Vagabond Army Airfield, is located at the Yakima Training Center (YTC) in the state of Washington.	Vagabond Army Airfield	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bard's Field, or Bard's Field on Trinity Manor, is a historic home located at Ridge, St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States.	Bard's Field	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cherry Lane Shopping Centre is a 236,149 square foot shopping mall located in Penticton, British Columbia, opened in 1975.	Cherry Lane Shopping Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barkeh Abi (Persian: بركه ابي‎, also Romanized as Barkeh Ābī) is a village in Dasht-e Laleh Rural District, Asir District, Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Barkeh Abi	Dasht-e Laleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Chahar (Persian: حسين اباد4‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Chahar; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Javar Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhbanan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Chahar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naunton Beauchamp (pronounced 'Beechum') is a village and is also a civil parish within Wychavon district in Worcestershire, England.	Naunton Beauchamp	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gen. Thomas Hart House near Winchester, Kentucky, in Clark County, was built by 1808.	Gen. Thomas Hart House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszewo-Borzymy (ɔlˈʂɛvɔ bɔˈʐɨmɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stupsk, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Olszewo-Borzymy	Gmina Stupsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Chapoton House is a Queen Anne style row house located at 511 Beaubien Street in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Alexander Chapoton House	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berinsfield is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire, about 7 miles (11 km) southeast of Oxford.	Berinsfield	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barcus (Basque: Barkoxe) is a French commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of southwestern France in the former province of Soule.	Barcus	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDougall Lake is a lake in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	McDougall Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Twelveheads (Cornish: Dewdhek Stamp) is a hamlet east of St Day in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Twelveheads	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushkari (Persian: كوشكري‎, also Romanized as Kūshkarī) is a village in Ban Zardeh Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kushkari	Ban Zardeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Taha, is a municipality in the Alpujarras region of the province of Granada, Spain.	La Taha	Alpujarras
located in the administrative territorial entity	Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park (also called Creve Coeur County Park) is a 2,145-acre (8.68 km2) St. Louis County park located in Maryland Heights, Missouri, United States.	Creve Coeur Lake Memorial Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Engenho de Dentro is a middle-class and lower-middle-class neighbourhood in the North Zone of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Engenho de Dentro	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gav Sefid-e Kuchek (Persian: گاوسفيدكوچك‎, also Romanized as Gāv Sefīd-e Kūchek, Gāv Safīd-e Kūchak, and Gav Sefid Koochak) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District, Rig District, Ganaveh County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Gav Sefid-e Kuchek	Rudhaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cochecho River or Cocheco River is a tributary of the Piscataqua River, 38.3 miles (61.6 km) long, in the U.S. state of New Hampshire.	Cochecho River	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darabduiyeh-ye Olya (Persian: درابدوئيه عليا‎, also Romanized as Darābdū’īyeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Khanuk Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Darabduiyeh-ye Olya	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anapa Urban Okrug (Russian: городско́й о́круг Ана́па) is a municipal formation (an urban okrug) in Krasnodar Krai, Russia, one of the seven urban okrugs in the krai.	Anapa Urban Okrug	Krasnodar Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voxna is a former community (1863-1951) in southern Hälsingland in Ovanåker Municipality along the Bollnäs central railway.	Voxna	Ovanåker Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delvar-e Kuh Siah (Persian: دلواركوه سياه‎, also Romanized as Delvār-e Kūh Sīāh; also known as Dalvār-e Qūch Khvos and Delvār) is a village in Mahur Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Delvar-e Kuh Siah	Mahur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robert F. Swinnie Airport (IATA: ADR, ICAO: KPHH, FAA LID: PHH) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) east of the central business district of Andrews, a town in Georgetown County, South Carolina, United States.	Robert F. Swinnie Airport	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	École secondaire Père-René-de-Galinée, sometimes known as PRDG, is a French Catholic secondary school in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada.	École secondaire Père-René-de-Galinée	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Havra (Old Norse: Hafrey) is an uninhabited island in the Scalloway Islands, Shetland, Scotland.	South Havra	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ożarów Pierwszy (ɔˈʐaruf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ożarów Pierwszy	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moel Oernant is a 503m high hill in the community of Trawsfynydd in the county of Gwynedd in North Wales.	Moel Oernant	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palais Bartolotti-Partenfeld is a city-palace in central Vienna, Austria.	Palais Bartolotti-Partenfeld	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mica Dam is a hydroelectric dam spanning the Columbia River 135 kilometres north of Revelstoke, British Columbia, Canada, as one of three Canadian projects built under the terms of the Columbia River Treaty.	Mica Dam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kolvanaq (Persian: كلوانق‎; also Romanized as Kolvānaq; also known as Kolvānag, Kalvānā, Kilvana, and Kolvānā) is a city in the Central District of Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kolvanaq	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Si Miller Arena, formerly known as Water Street Arena, is an indoor arena located at 229 Water Street East in Cornwall, Ontario.	Si Miller Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Campus of Drexel University is divided into: four sites in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- the University City Campus, the Center City Hahnemann Campus, the Queen Lane College of Medicine Campus, and the Academy of Natural Sciences; and one in California -- the Drexel University Sacramento Campus.	Campus of Drexel University	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paluxy River, also known as the Paluxy Creek, is a river in the U.S. state of Texas.	Paluxy River	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bamburgh (/ˈbæmbrə/ BAM-brə) is a large village and civil parish on the coast of Northumberland, England.	Bamburgh	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Douglas Falls are a 60-foot waterfall located in Buncombe County, North Carolina, USA.	Douglas Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ramsey County Poor Farm Barn served as home and work for the indigent in Ramsey County, Minnesota, United States.	Ramsey County Poor Farm Barn	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cumwhitton is a small village and civil parish close to Carlisle in Cumbria, England.	Cumwhitton	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhiwfawr is a hamlet of 40 houses in the Swansea Valley, in Neath Port Talbot county borough, Wales.	Rhiwfawr	Neath Port Talbot
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nottinghamshire (pronounced /ˈnɒtɪŋəmʃə/ or /ˈnɒtɪŋəmˌʃɪə/; abbreviated Notts) is a county in the East Midlands of England, bordering South Yorkshire to the north-west, Lincolnshire to the east, Leicestershire to the south, and Derbyshire to the west.	Nottinghamshire	East Midlands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamaz Koti (Persian: چمازكتي‎, also Romanized as Chamāz Kotī and Chamāz Katī; also known as Chamāz Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chamaz Koti	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiltshire (/ˈwɪltʃər/ or /ˈwɪltʃɪər/) is a county in South West England with an area of 3,485 km2 (1,346 square miles).	Wiltshire	South West England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Miri (Persian: كنارميري‎, also Romanized as Konār Mīrī) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konar Miri	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jirsar-e Chukam (Persian: جيرسرچوكام‎, also Romanized as Jīrsar-e Chūkām) is a village in Chukam Rural District, Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jirsar-e Chukam	Chukam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skalmierz (ˈskalmjɛʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błaszki, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skalmierz	Gmina Błaszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chemung Canal Bank Building is located at 415 East Water Street in Elmira, Chemung County, New York, United States.	Chemung Canal Bank Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornewood Open Space Preserve is a small regional park located in the Santa Cruz Mountains in San Mateo County.	Thornewood Open Space Preserve	San Mateo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramjin Rural District (Persian: دهستان رامجين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Ramjin Rural District	Chaharbagh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Shureh (Persian: دره شوره‎, also Romanized as Darreh Shūreh and Darreh Shūr) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Shureh	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ji'an (Chinese: 吉安; pinyin: Jí'ān) is a prefecture-level city in Jiangxi province, People's Republic of China, bordering Hunan to the west.	Ji'an	Jiangxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lynchburg Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge that spans the east fork of the Little Miami River in Lynchburg, Ohio.	Lynchburg Covered Bridge	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lennoxtown (Scottish Gaelic: Baile na Leamhnachd, pronounced (b̊alə nə ʎãũnəxɡ̊)) is a town in East Dunbartonshire, Scotland at the foot of the Campsie Fells, which are just to the north.	Lennoxtown	East Dunbartonshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sollefteå Municipality (Swedish: Sollefteå kommun) is a Swedish municipality in Västernorrland County.	Sollefteå Municipality	Västernorrland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ornsay is a small tidal island to the east of the Sleat peninsula on the Isle of Skye in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Ornsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minyor Stadium (Bulgarian: Стадион ``Миньор'') (nicknamed The Stadium of Peace) is a multi-purpose stadium in Pernik, Bulgaria.	Minyor Stadium	Pernik
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hohenzollern Redoubt (Hohenzollernwerk) was a defensive strongpoint of the German 6th Army on the Western Front during World War I, at Auchy-les-Mines near Loos-en-Gohelle in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France.	Hohenzollern Redoubt	Auchy-les-Mines
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hanging Hills of south central Connecticut, USA are a range of mountainous trap rock ridges overlooking the city of Meriden and the Quinnipiac River Valley 900 feet (274 m) below.	Hanging Hills	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abkuh (Persian: ابكوه‎, also Romanized as Ābkūh) is a village in Fariman Rural District, in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abkuh	Fariman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Center is an indoor sports arena located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois.	United Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Rock Dam also known as Littlerock Dam, or officially as Little Rock-Palmdale Dam is a concrete gravity dam on Little Rock Creek in Los Angeles County, California, located about 5 mi (8.0 km) south of Palmdale.	Little Rock Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Băuțar (Hungarian: Alsóbaucár) is a commune in Caraș-Severin County, western Romania with a population of 2.813 people.	Băuțar	Caraș-Severin County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bočna (pronounced (ˈboːtʃna)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gornji Grad in Slovenia.	Bočna	Gornji Grad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Bamri (Persian: تلمبه بامري‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Bāmrī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Bamri	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alkali Lake Chemical Waste Dump is a hazardous waste disposal site near the southwest edge of Alkali Lake, a seasonally dry playa in Lake County, Oregon.	Alkali Lake Chemical Waste Dump	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świercze-Siółki (ˈɕfjɛrt͡ʂɛ ˈɕuu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świercze, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Świercze-Siółki	Gmina Świercze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shah Ali Beyglu (Persian: شاه علي بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Shāh ``Alī Beyglū; also known as Shalveli) is a village in Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District, Kaghazkonan District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 65, in 29 families.	Shah Ali Beyglu	Kaghazkonan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Águas Belas (Beautiful Waters) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Pernambuco.	Águas Belas	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chłopska Kępa (ˈxwɔpska ˈkɛmpa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świeszyno, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chłopska Kępa	Gmina Świeszyno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cummins Falls is a waterfall on the Blackburn Fork State Scenic River and is located in southern Jackson County, Tennessee.	Cummins Falls	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arangu-ye Bala (Persian: ارنگوبالا‎, also Romanized as Ārangū-ye Bālā and Ārangū Bālā; also known as Ārangū, Āremgū, and Ārengūy-e Bālā) is a village in Senderk Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Arangu-ye Bala	Senderk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barez Rural District (Persian: دهستان بارز‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Manj District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Barez Rural District	Manj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrexham County Borough (Welsh: Bwrdeistref Sirol Wrecsam (ˈwrɛksam)) is a local government principal area centred on the town of Wrexham in north-east Wales.	Wrexham County Borough	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broken Bow Municipal Airport (IATA: BBW, ICAO: KBBW, FAA LID: BBW) (Keith Glaze Field) is two miles north of Broken Bow, in Custer County, Nebraska.	Broken Bow Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sekłak (ˈsɛkwak) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korytnica, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sekłak	Gmina Korytnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Poleh (Persian: سرپله‎) is a village in Sarab Bagh Rural District, Sarab Bagh District, Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Sar Poleh	Sarab Bagh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elk Rock Island is an island within the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Elk Rock Island	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Payson Airport (IATA: PJB, ICAO: KPAN, FAA LID: PAN) is a public airport located one mile (2 km) west of the central business district of Payson, a town in Gila County, Arizona, United States.	Payson Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marmot Basin is an alpine ski area located in Alberta's Jasper National Park.	Marmot Basin	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Now Dad (Persian: نوداد‎, also Romanized as Now Dād) is a village in Pol Beh Bala Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Now Dad	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerthe is a part of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in Germany.	Gerthe	Bochum
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shelin (Persian: شلين‎, also Romanized as Shelīn; also known as Shelī and Shelīn Dīreh) is a village in Direh Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shelin	Direh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshall Steam Station is a coal power plant located at 35°35′51``N 80°57′53''W in Terrell, Catawba County, North Carolina, United States and owned by Duke Energy.	Marshall Steam Station	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ojdula (Hungarian: Ozsdola, Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈoʒdolɒ)) is a commune in Covasna County, Romania composed of two villages:	Ojdula	Covasna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bohregh-e Bala (Persian: بهرغ بالا‎, also Romanized as Bohregh-e Bālā; also known as Sarg Dār) is a village in Takht Rural District, Takht District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bohregh-e Bala	Takht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairn na Burgh Mòr (also Cairnburgh More) is one of the Treshnish Isles in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland.	Cairn na Burgh Mòr	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bishop Manor Estate is a historic estate near St. Elmo in rural Mobile County, Alabama, United States.	Bishop Manor Estate	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	WIUS (88.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to Western Illinois University, the station serves the Macomb, Illinois area.	WIUS	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ocean Forest Hotel was the one of the first major hotels in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, U.S.A. The Ocean Forest and the adjoining Ocean Forest Country Club and Golf Course were the vision of John T. Woodside, a textile magnate from Greenville, South Carolina.	Ocean Forest Hotel	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rytel (ˈrɨtɛl) (German: Rittel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rytel	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kąśna Górna (ˈkɔ̃ɕna ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciężkowice, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Kąśna Górna	Gmina Ciężkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Călmățuiu de Sus (called Băsești until 1968) is a commune in Teleorman County, Romania.	Călmățuiu de Sus	Teleorman County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ancienne Laiterie de Madame is a dairy built by Jean-François-Thérèse Chalgrin in 1780 for Marie Josephine Louise of Savoy, spouse of Louis XVIII of France located in Versailles.	Ancienne Laiterie de Madame	Versailles
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castel Béranger is a residential building with twenty-six apartments located at 14 rue de la Fontaine in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.	Castel Béranger	16th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tekti is a small river village in Hkamti Township in Hkamti District in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma.	Tekti	Hkamti District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evraiomnimata (Greek: Εβραιομνήματα) is a neighbourhood in the city of Patras, Achaea, Greece.	Evraiomnimata	Patras
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxley Green is a hamlet on the B1023 road, in between the villages of Tiptree and Tolleshunt D'Arcy, in the Maldon District of Essex.	Oxley Green	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Louis C. Powledge Unit (B2, originally the Beto II Unit) is a Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) prison for men located in unincorporated Anderson County, Texas.	Louis C. Powledge Unit	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCSY (106.3 FM, ``Sunny FM'') is a radio station broadcasting out of Twisp, Washington.	KCSY	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farrokh Shahr (Persian: فرخشهر‎; formerly, Ghahfarokh, Ghahfarrokh, Qahfarokh, and Qahfarrokh) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Farrokh Shahr	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mantua Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in Mantua Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey in the United States.	Mantua Creek	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornelius Public Library is the municipal library serving the city of Cornelius in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Cornelius Public Library	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wannalancit Street Historic District is a historic district at 14-71 Wannalancit St., and 390, 406 Pawtucket Street in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Wannalancit Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stara Maszyna (ˈstara maˈʂɨna) (Kashubian: Stôrô Maszina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sierakowice, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Stara Maszyna	Gmina Sierakowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church Park Historic District is a historic district and part of downtown Goshen, the seat of Orange County, New York, USA.	Church Park Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plumas-Eureka State Park is a California state park located in the Sierra Nevada and Cascade Range in Plumas County, California.	Plumas-Eureka State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lehigh Line Connection connects Amtrak's Northeast Corridor (NEC) with the Conrail Lehigh Line two miles south of downtown Newark, New Jersey.	Lehigh Line Connection	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Posht (Persian: كته پشت‎) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kateh Posht	Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edison Township Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school system, serving students in Kindergarten through 12th grade from Edison, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	Edison Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerra (Verzasca) is a part of the municipality of Cugnasco-Gerra in the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	Gerra (Verzasca)	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Georgetown is a reservoir on the north fork of the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States.	Lake Georgetown	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Quest Resort & Casino is an Indian casino in Airway Heights, Washington, near Spokane, owned and operated by the Kalispel Tribe.	Northern Quest Resort & Casino	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabor Wielki (ˈtabɔr ˈvjɛlki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bralin, within Kępno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Tabor Wielki	Gmina Bralin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chigmit Mountains are a subrange of the Aleutian Range in the Kenai Peninsula and Lake and Peninsula Boroughs of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Chigmit Mountains	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banasiówka (banaˈɕufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Banasiówka	Gmina Rudniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foluszek (fɔˈluʂɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Foluszek	Gmina Bobrowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred George Basin Greenway is a Greenway park project in northwestern Tallahassee, Florida, covering 175 acres (71 ha), including Fred George Sink that runs alongside Fred George Road near Capital Circle.	Fred George Basin Greenway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County, South Dakota between Harrisburg, South Dakota and Granite, Iowa.	Lake Alvin	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Raeffsky Islands or Raevski Islands (French: Îles Raéffsky or Îles Raevski) is a subgroup with just over 3000 people in the Tuamotu group in French Polynesia.	Raeffsky Islands	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coen Cuserhof is a former orphanage in Haarlem.	Coen Cuserhof	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hiram M. Chittenden Locks, or Ballard Locks, is a complex of locks at the west end of Salmon Bay, in Seattle, Washington's Lake Washington Ship Canal, between the neighborhoods of Ballard to the north and Magnolia to the south.	Ballard Locks	Seattle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Royal Station and Trainshed was the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad's third train station in Baltimore, Maryland, at the north end of the Baltimore Belt Line's Howard Street tunnel in the fashionable Bolton Hill neighborhood.	Mount Royal Station	Baltimore
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlton County Courthouse in Carlton, Minnesota, United States, is the county seat of Carlton County, Minnesota.	Carlton County Courthouse	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Saint Athanasius on Via Tiburtina (Italian: Sant'Atanasio a Via Tiburtina, Latin: S. Athanasii ad viam Tiburtinam) is a Roman Catholic titular church in Rome, built as a parish church.	Sant'Atanasio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasant Hill United Church of Christ is a historic church in the village of Pleasant Hill in the western part of the U.S. state of Ohio.	Pleasant Hill United Church of Christ	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sapunki (saˈpuŋkʲi) (German: Klein Sapuhnen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo, within Olsztyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Sapunki	Gmina Barczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenningstedt-Braderup (Söl'ring: Woningstair-Brääderep, Danish: Venningsted-Brarup) is a municipality and seaside resort on the island of Sylt in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Wenningstedt-Braderup	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Oil Creek Township, also known as Holiday Bridge, is a historic metal truss bridge spanning Oil Creek at Oil Creek Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Oil Creek Township	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murdock River (French: Rivière Murdock) is a river in Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Murdock River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajdukovo (Serbian: Хајдуково, Hajdukovo, Hungarian: Hajdújárás, Croatian: Hajdukovo) is a village located in the Subotica municipality, in the North Bačka District of Serbia.	Hajdukovo	Subotica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redoubt of Dois Paus (Portuguese: Reduto dos Dois Paus) is a fortification situated on the peninsula of Monte Brasil, in the civil parish of Sé, in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo, in the Porutguese archipelago of the Azores.	Redoubt of Dois Paus	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipindo is a town and municipality in Huíla Province in Angola., situated 450 km North of Lubango, Huila province capital.	Chipindo	Huíla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad-e Yek (Persian: حاجي اباديك‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād-e Yek; also known as Ḩājjīābād) is a village in Qazvineh Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad-e Yek	Qazvineh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malnia (ˈmalɲa) (German Mallnie) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gogolin, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Malnia	Gmina Gogolin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anchor Bankside is a pub in the London Borough of Southwark.	Anchor Bankside	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qomi Kola (Persian: قمي كلا‎, also Romanized as Qomī Kolā and Qomī Kalā) is a village in Esbu Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qomi Kola	Esbu Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 620, Ranch Road 620, or RM 620 is a Ranch to Market Road in the U.S. state of Texas maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT).	Ranch to Market Road 620	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nash Rocky Mount Early College is a high school located at the outskirts of Rocky Mount, North Carolina.	Nash Rocky Mount Early College	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qermez Tappeh (Persian: قرمزتپه‎, also Romanized as Qarmaz Tepe) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Sharifabad District, Pakdasht County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Qermez Tappeh	Sharifabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barrackville Covered Bridge spans 145 feet (44 m) in a single span across Buffalo Creek near Barrackville, West Virginia.	Barrackville Covered Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Umm al-Quwain (Arabic: أمّ القيوين‎) is the least populous of the seven sovereign emirates in the United Arab Emirates, located in the north of the country.	Umm al-Quwain	United Arab Emirates
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atlanta History Center (AHC) is a history museum and research center located in the Buckhead district of Atlanta, Georgia.	Atlanta History Center	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerwony Kościół (t͡ʂɛrˈvɔnɨ ˈkɔɕt͡ɕuu̯) (German: Hochkirch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyce, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Czerwony Kościół	Gmina Krotoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzeh Deh-e Sofla (Persian: حمزه ده سفلي‎, also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Deh-e Soflá; also known as Ḩamzeh Deh-e Pā’īn) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District, in the Central District of Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Hamzeh Deh-e Sofla	Baladeh Kojur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabah Dar (Persian: جبه دار‎‎, also Romanized as Jabah Dār and Jabahdār) is a village in Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Jabah Dar	Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lloyd Noble Center is an 11,562-seat multi-purpose arena located in Norman, Oklahoma, some 19 miles (31 km) south of downtown Oklahoma City.	Lloyd Noble Center	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poganówko (pɔɡaˈnufkɔ) (German: Klein Bürgersdorf) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Poganówko	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Plains Festival is held over three days during the Victorian Labour Day long-weekend on private farmland in Victoria, Australia.	Golden Plains Festival	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qusheh (Persian: قوشه‎, also Romanized as Qūsheh; also known as Gusheh, and Qosheh) is a village in Tuyehdarvar Rural District, Amirabad District, Damghan County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Qusheh	Tuyehdarvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehla Chattha (Urdu: چٹھا‎, Punjabi: ਚੱਠਾ)), is a village on Alipur Chatha Road, in Wazirabad Tehsil, in the Gujranwala District of Pakistan.	Dehla Chattha	Gujranwala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çilimli is a town and a district of Düzce Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey.Cilimli has a population of 7200 people.	Çilimli	Düzce Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brütten is a municipality in the district of Winterthur, in the Canton of Zürich, Switzerland.	Brütten	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Number Ten Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Belleville, Hastings County, Ontario, Canada.	Number Ten Creek	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Onigam Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Onigam Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hilltop Reservation is a nature preserve located in Essex County, New Jersey, in the host communities of Cedar Grove, North Caldwell and Verona.	Hilltop Reservation	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bloomington Ferry Trail Bridge is a bicycle trail / pedestrian bridge over the Minnesota River between Bloomington, Minnesota and Shakopee, Minnesota.	Bloomington Ferry Trail Bridge	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Nicholas-at-Wade (or St Nicholas) is both a village and a civil parish in the Thanet District of Kent, England.	St Nicholas-at-Wade	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalwal (Urdu: ڈلوال‎) is a village and union council, an administrative subdivision, of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Choa Saidan Shah Tehsil and is located at 32°42'0N 72°52'60E Its very old village which is linked with Raja Daulta Khan.	Dalwal	Chakwal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musiejówka (muɕeˈjufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rossosz, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Musiejówka	Gmina Rossosz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kardijan (Persian: كرديجان‎, also Romanized as Kardījān and Kordījān; also known as Gardījān, Kardīān, and Qardīān) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District, in the Central District of Ashtian County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Kardijan	Mazraeh Now Rural District	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordiarp (Basque: Urdiñarbe) is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department in south-western France.	Ordiarp	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sievering is a suburb of Vienna and part of Döbling, the 19th district of Vienna.	Sievering	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lavenham is a village, civil parish and electoral ward in Suffolk, England.	Lavenham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llwydcoed is a small village north of the Cwm Cynon near the town of Aberdare, Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Llwydcoed	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saare County (Estonian: Saare maakond), or Saaremaa, (Latin: Osilia or Oesel; German: Ösel) is one of 15 counties of Estonia.	Saare County	Estonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Mohammad Gholam (Persian: كلاته محمدغلام‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Moḩammad Gholām) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Mohammad Gholam	Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalapodi (Greek: Καλαπόδι) is a village in the Lokroi municipality, Phthiotis, Central Greece.	Kalapodi	Lokroi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiatrołuża Pierwsza (vjatrɔˈwuʐa ˈpjɛrfʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wiatrołuża Pierwsza	Gmina Suwałki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamyshinsky Uyezd (Russian: Камышинский уезд) was an administrative division (an uyezd) of Saratov Governorate in the Russian Empire and the early Russian SFSR.	Kamyshinsky Uyezd	Saratov Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Omulno (ɔˈmulnɔ) (German: Vorwerk Lassere) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wałcz, within Wałcz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Omulno	Gmina Wałcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Śmieły (ˈɕmjɛwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Śmieły	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowr Ab (Persian: دوراب‎, also Romanized as Dowr Āb) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Dowr Ab	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Darreh (Persian: ده دره‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Darreh, Deh Darah, and Deh Darreh) is a village in Qilab Rural District, Alvar-e Garmsiri District, Andimeshk County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Darreh	Qilab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Viaduct spans the Patapsco River and Patapsco Valley between Relay and Elkridge, Maryland, USA.	Thomas Viaduct	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Calls is an area and street by the River Aire in Leeds city centre, West Yorkshire, England.	The Calls	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oglebay Park is a self-supporting public municipal park, the only one of its kind, located on the outskirts of Wheeling, West Virginia on 1,650 acres (670 ha).	Oglebay Park	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emam Abbas-e Olya (Persian: امام عباس عليا‎, also Romanized as Emām ʿAbbās-e ``Olyā) is a village in Jeygaran Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 29 families.	Emam Abbas-e Olya	Jeygaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wumatang (དབུ་མ་ཐང།) is a small town and township-level division in Damxung County in the Lhasa Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Wumatang	Damxung County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lycée Kléber is a French public secondary school located in the Alsatian capital Strasbourg.	Lycée Kléber	Strasbourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laobian District (simplified Chinese: 老边区; traditional Chinese: 老邊區; pinyin: Lǎobiān Qū) is a district of the city of Yingkou, Liaoning province, People's Republic of China.	Laobian District	Yingkou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr-e Ab Sabz (Persian: موتوراب سبز‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr-e Āb Sabz) is a village in Vakilabad Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr-e Ab Sabz	Vakilabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tremeirchion (previously known as Lleweni) is a small residential community in Denbighshire, Wales.	Tremeirchion	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tiffany and Company Building is the landmarked former home of the Tiffany and Company store at 401 Fifth Avenue, Manhattan, New York City, New York.	Tiffany and Company Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Tom Station was a coal-fired power plant located in Holyoke, Massachusetts.	Mount Tom Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henry Klindt House, is a located in the West End of Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Henry Klindt House	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakers Narrows, Manitoba, is a small residential community approximately 20 km (12 mi) southeast of Flin Flon on Lake Athapapuskow.	Bakers Narrows	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eleyas (Persian: الياس‎, also Romanized as Eleyās and Elyās; also known as Elyās-e Ābezhdān and Elyās Moḩebbī) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Eleyas	Abezhdan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place du Châtelet (French pronunciation: ​(plas dy ʃatlɛ)) is a public square in Paris, on the right bank of the river Seine, on the borderline between the 1st and 4th arrondissements.	Place du Châtelet	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The first of the ten residential colleges of the University of California, Santa Cruz, established in 1965, Cowell College sits on the edge of a redwood forest with a remarkable view of Monterey Bay.	Cowell College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nocona Airport (FAA LID: F48) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) southwest of the central business district of Nocona, a city in Montague County, Texas, United States.	Nocona Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bazangi (Persian: بازنگي‎, also Romanized as Bāzangī) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Bazangi	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Burrumbeet is a large but shallow eutrophic lake in central western Victoria, Australia.	Lake Burrumbeet	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Underwood Wind Farm (Enbridge Ontario Wind Farm) is a wind farm located in Bruce County, Ontario, near the shores of Lake Huron.	Underwood Wind Farm	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Eshgaftan Sabzi (Persian: سه اشگفتان سبزي‎, also Romanized as Seh Eshgaftān Sabzī; also known as Sarash Gaft, Sar Eshgaft, Seh Eshgaftān, and Seh Eshkaftan) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seh Eshgaftan Sabzi	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dellville Covered Bridge is a historic wooden covered bridge located at Dellville in Wheatfield Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Dellville Covered Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dollhouse Museum (German: Puppenhausmuseum) in Basel is the largest museum of its kind in Europe.	Dollhouse Museum	Basel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pancake Range is located in east-central Nevada in the United States.	Pancake Range	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside Studio in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States, also known as Tulsa Spotlight Club or Spotlight Theatre, was built in 1928.	Riverside Studio	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santo Antônio dos Milagres (Portuguese meaning ``Saint Anthony of the Miracles'') is a municipality in the western part of the state of Piauí, Brazil.	Santo Antônio dos Milagres	Piauí
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puriši (Serbian Cyrillic: Пуриши) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Puriši	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leśnia (ˈlɛɕɲa) (German: Berghof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leśnia	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Malvern Roller Mill, also known as Appel Mill and Malvern Milling Company, is a 19th-century grist mill located near the unincorporated village of Malvern, Illinois, in rural Whiteside County, north of Morrison, Illinois, United States.	Malvern Roller Mill	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sigiełki (ɕiˈɡʲɛu̯kʲi) (Ukrainian: Сигельки, Syhel’ky) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszów, within Nisko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Sigiełki	Gmina Krzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yookamurra Sanctuary is a 50 km2 nature reserve in the Murraylands region of South Australia, between the eastern slopes of the Mount Lofty Ranges and the Murray River, 24 km north-east of the town of Sedan.	Yookamurra Sanctuary	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taylor-Chase-Smythe House (also known as Quarters NB-1 Chase Lane, Naval Education and Training Center) is an historic house on the Middletown portion of Naval Station Newport (most of which is in Newport, Rhode Island.)	Taylor-Chase-Smythe House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balte (Cyrillic: Балте) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Balte	Čelinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	KZPK (98.9 FM) ``Wild Country 99'' is a radio station in St. Cloud, Minnesota airing a country music format.	KZPK	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wierzowice Małe (vjɛʐɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wierzowice Małe	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangolihat is a small Himalayan hill town in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand, India.	Gangolihat	Pithoragarh district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadir Shah Kot District (Pashto: نادر شاه کوټ ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی نادرشاه کوت‎) is situated in the western part of Khost Province, Afghanistan.	Nadir Shah Kot District	Khost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oeffelt is a village in the Dutch province of North Brabant, part of the Boxmeer municipality, about 5 km north of Boxmeer town and 6 km west of the border with the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.	Oeffelt	Boxmeer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klanxbüll (Danish Klangsbøl, Frisian Klångsbel) is a municipality on the mainland in the northwest corner of Schleswig-Holstein, in Kreis Nordfriesland, Germany.	Klanxbüll	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aan de Pegstukken (English: At the Pegstukken) is a windmill located on De Pegstukken 27 in Schijndel, North Brabant, Netherlands.	Aan de Pegstukken	Schijndel	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo San Giorgio or Palace of St. George (also known as the Palazzo delle Compere di San Giorgio) is a palace in Genoa, Italy.	Palazzo San Giorgio	Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowtowr Pamp-e Azadegan (Persian: موتورپم پازادگان‎, also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp-e Āzādegān) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowtowr Pamp-e Azadegan	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamareh-ye Mishnan (Persian: كمره ميشنان‎‎, also Romanized as Kamareh-ye Mīshnān; also known as Kamareh, Mīshnān, and Tang-e Hāleh) is a village in Gol Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kamareh-ye Mishnan	Gol Gol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzóstów (ˈbʐustuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków, within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Brzóstów	Gmina Będków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naubatpur is a satellite town in Patna Metropolitan Region in Patna district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Naubatpur	Patna district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward W. Bok Technical High School was a public high school in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, designed by Irwin Catharine and named after Edward William Bok.	Edward W. Bok Technical High School	Philadelphia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rensselaer at Hartford is the Hartford, Connecticut branch of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute of Troy, NY.	Rensselaer at Hartford	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xiaguan District was an administrative district within the city of Nanjing, in Jiangsu province, China.	Xiaguan District	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wylatowo (vɨlaˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Wylatowo	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Impati Mountain is a mountain near the town of Dundee in the province of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	Impati Mountain	KwaZulu-Natal
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Putford is a small settlement and civil parish in the local government district of Torridge, Devon, England.	West Putford	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzybków (ˈɡʐɨpkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Grzybków	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salameh-ye Vosta (Persian: سلامه وسطي‎, also Romanized as Salāmeh-ye Vosţá, and Salāmeh-ye Vostá; also known as Salāmeh-ye Mīānī) is a village in Dorunak Rural District, Zeydun District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Salameh-ye Vosta	Dorunak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gostyczyna (ɡɔstɨˈt͡ʂɨna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gostyczyna	Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turkołówka (turkɔˈwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Turkołówka	Gmina Hrubieszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Tolsta (Scottish Gaelic: Tolastadh bho Thuath) is a village in the Scottish Outer Hebrides, on the east side of the Isle of Lewis.	North Tolsta	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villaurbana (Biddobrana in Sardinian language) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Cagliari and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Oristano.	Villaurbana	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berden Priory was a priory in Essex, England.	Berden Priory	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Order of Gimghoul is a collegiate secret society headquartered at Hippol (or Gimghoul) Castle in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	Order of Gimghoul	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	James and Mary Lawson House is located in Woodstown, Salem County, New Jersey, United States.	James and Mary Lawson House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The canton of Seyne to which Barles belongs is in area 1b (low risk) according to the deterministic classification of 1991 and based on its seismic history and in zone 4 (medium risk) according to the probabilistic classification EC8 of 2011.	Barles	canton of Seyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonashk (Persian: بن اشك‎, also Romanized as Bonāshḵ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bonashk	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tlaquilpa is a municipality located in the south zone in the State of Veracruz, about 105 km from the state capital of Xalapa.	Tlaquilpa	Veracruz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Russell Langmaid Public School is a former elementary school in Mississauga, Ontario, Canada.	Russell Langmaid Public School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mkhondo Local Municipality, is a South African local municipality situated in the Gert Sibande District Municipality, of Mpumalanga.	Mkhondo Local Municipality	Gert Sibande District Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadehar Sahib is a village in the Indian state of Punjab, district of Amritsar.	Dadehar	Punjab	district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fall River State Park is a state park in Greenwood County, Kansas USA, southwest of the city of Toronto.	Fall River State Park	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fariman Rural District (Persian: دهستان فريمان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fariman Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	On 1 January 2016, Autafond was annexed by the municipality of Belfaux.	Autafond	Belfaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siarastaq (Persian: سيارستاق‎, also Romanized as Sīārastāq) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siarastaq	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aradale Mental Hospital was an Australian psychiatric hospital, located in Ararat, a rural city in Victoria, Australia.	Aradale Mental Hospital	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glengormley (from Irish: Gleann Ghormlaithe, meaning ``Gormlaith's valley'') is the name of a townland (of 215 acres) and electoral ward in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Glengormley	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Worcester Corset Company Factory is an historic factory building at 30 Wyman Street in Worcester, Massachusetts in the Main South neighborhood.	Worcester Corset Company Factory	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleeton St Mary (or Cleeton) is a small village in south Shropshire, England.	Cleeton St Mary	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stajki (ˈstai̯ki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stanin, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stajki	Gmina Stanin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenbank House, is a Grade II-listed building in Liverpool, England.	Greenbank House	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dungannon (from Irish: Dún Geanainn, meaning ``Geanann's stronghold'') is a town in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland.	Dungannon	County Tyrone
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrabad-e Chaft Sar (Persian: مهرابادچفت سر‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Chaft Sar; also known as Mehrābād) is a village in Larim Rural District, Gil Khuran District, Juybar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Chaft Sar	Larim Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blackwell Field (FAA LID: 71J) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (2.3 mi, 3.7 km) southeast of the central business district of Ozark, in Dale County, Alabama, United States.	Blackwell Field	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entiako Provincial Park and Protected Area is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the south flank of the Nechako River watercourse .	Entiako Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis and Clark Landing is a public park located at 515 North Riverfront Drive in Downtown Omaha, Nebraska .	Lewis and Clark Landing	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bon Shahr (Persian: بن شهر‎) is a village in Bondar Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bon Shahr	Bondar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyumodjock (also spelled Eyumojock or Eyumojok) is a town and commune in Cameroon, and the sub-divisional headquarters of the Eyumjock sub-division in the Manyu division.	Eyumodjock	Manyu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haysfield Airport - MD24 was an airport located in Howard County, Maryland	Haysfield Airport	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młynisk (ˈmwɨnisk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Boćki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Młynisk	Gmina Boćki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wigglesworth Building is a historic building at 89-83 Franklin Street in the Financial District of Boston, Massachusetts.	Wigglesworth Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The formally independent municipality Rethen is part of the municipality Vordorf in Northern Germany.	Rethen	Vordorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welch Village is an American ski resort near Red Wing, Minnesota.	Welch Village	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clippesby is a small village in Eastern England within the Great Yarmouth Borough Council area, Norfolk; located on the B1152 and surrounded by the Norfolk Broads.	Clippesby	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nine Mile Creek Aqueduct is a restored stone and wood aqueduct of the Erie Canal over Nine Mile Creek in Camillus, New York.	Nine Mile Creek Aqueduct	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gol va Mol (Persian: گل ومل‎, also known as Gol Mol, Golmol, and Golomel) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Gol va Mol	Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharabeh-ye Senji (Persian: خرابه سنجي‎, also Romanized as Kharābeh-ye Senjī; also known as Kharābeh) is a village in Nazluchay Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kharabeh-ye Senji	Nazluchay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seybian (Persian: سيبيان‎, also Romanized as Seybīān; also known as Seybān and Sebīān) is a village in Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Oshnavieh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Seybian	Oshnavieh-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midwest Christian College was a private, Christian college established in 1946 in Oklahoma City, OK.During its first year, it enrolled thirty-three students.	Midwest Christian College	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Felts Field (IATA: SFF, ICAO: KSFF, FAA LID: SFF) is a public airport five miles northeast of downtown Spokane, in Spokane County, Washington.	Felts Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kamard (Persian: كمرد‎) is a village in Jajrud Rural District, in the Jajrud District of Pardis County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kamard	Pardis County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Balsillie School of International Affairs (BSIA) is a centre for advanced research and teaching on global governance and international public policy, located in Waterloo, Ontario.	Balsillie School of International Affairs	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudgar Mahalleh (Persian: رودگرمحله‎, also Romanized as Rūdgar Maḩalleh) is a village in Tameshkol Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rudgar Mahalleh	Tameshkol Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beypore or Beypur is an ancient port town and a Municipality town in Kozhikode district in the state of Kerala, India.	Beypore	Kozhikode district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hueco Mountains are a range of mountains that rise in southern Otero County, New Mexico and extend twenty-seven miles south into Texas, generally along the El Paso--	Hueco Mountains	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tannerre-en-Puisaye is a commune in the Yonne department, in Burgundy, in north-central France.	Tannerre-en-Puisaye	Yonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alamabad-e Olya (Persian: عالم ابادعليا‎, also Romanized as ``Ālamābād-e ``Olyā) is a village in Doab Rural District, in the Central District of Selseleh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 167, in 30 families.	Alamabad-e Olya	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buxton Park Arboretum 5.4 acres (2.2 ha) is an arboretum and botanical garden located at the intersection of North Buxton Street and West Girard Avenue, Indianola, Iowa.	Buxton Park Arboretum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The La Plata Mountains are a small subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of Colorado, United States.	La Plata Mountains	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hotel Tuller once stood at Adams Avenue West, Bagley Street, and Park Avenue across from Grand Circus Park in downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Hotel Tuller	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roca dels Moros or Caves of El Cogul is a rock shelter containing outstanding paintings of prehistoric Levantine rock art. The site is in El Cogul, in the autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Roca dels Moros	El Cogul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emirates Golf Club located in Dubai, UAE is a 18 hole golf course in Dubai.	Emirates Golf Club	Dubai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbia County Airport (IATA: HCC, FAA LID: 1B1) is a county-owned public use airport in Columbia County, New York, United States.	Columbia County Airport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dutch House is a historic multi-unit residential building at 20 Netherlands Road in Brookline, Massachusetts.	The Dutch House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salt River Valley is an extensive valley on the Salt River in central Arizona, which contains the Phoenix Metropolitan Area.	Salt River Valley	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosaviyeh (Persian: گساويه‎, also Romanized as Gosāvīyeh; also known as Kosāvīyeh) is a village in Heruz Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gosaviyeh	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eglwysilan is an ecclesiastical parish and hamlet in Wales, within the community of Aber Valley in the unitary authority of Caerphilly County Borough.	Eglwysilan	Wales	Caerphilly County Borough
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Kamar (Persian: پس كمر‎) is a village in Pol Khatun Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pas Kamar	Pol Khatun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torsa (occasionally Torsay) is one of the Slate Islands in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.	Torsa	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chicago-Read Mental Health Center (CRMHC) is a state-run inpatient JCAHO-accredited psychiatric facility with between 150 and 200 beds located in the neighborhood of Dunning on the northwest side of the city of Chicago close to O'Hare International Airport in the state of Illinois.	Chicago-Read Mental Health Center	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tattnall Square Academy is an independent, non-profit, Christian, college preparatory academy located in Macon, Georgia.	Tattnall Square Academy	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boz Quch-e Sofla (Persian: بزقوچ سفلي‎, also Romanized as Boz Qūch-e Soflá, Buzqūch Sofla, and Bozghooch Sofla; also known as Boz Qūch-e Pā’īn) is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Boz Quch-e Sofla	Kahshang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Büchenbronn Observation Tower, built in 1883, is situated on the Buechenbronn height (608.50 m.ue.N.N.) in the proximity of Pforzheim in the state of Baden-Württemberg, south-west Germany.	Büchenbronn Observation Tower	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Courtney Campbell Causeway is the northernmost bridge across Old Tampa Bay, carrying State Road 60 between Clearwater and Tampa, Florida.	Courtney Campbell Causeway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Singapore Math Method is the foundation of the math curriculum at Harlem Academy, which is the first school in Manhattan to adopt the system.	Harlem Academy	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Västervång (Westplace) is a neighbourhood of Malmö, situated in the Borough of Västra Innerstaden, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Västervång	Malmö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Central State College is a two-year state college, located in Mansfield, Ohio.	North Central State College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tabar Kalayeh (Persian: تبركلايه‎, also Romanized as Tabar Kalāyeh; also known as Tabar Kalā-ye Gelrūdbār and Tabar Kalā-ye Kalrūdbār) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tabar Kalayeh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sumar District (Persian: بخش سومار‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sumar District	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zamin Sarv (Persian: زمين سرو‎, also Romanized as Zamīn Sarv) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Zamin Sarv	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Marston House is a historic house at 71 Cotuit Road in the Marstons Mills area of Barnstable, Massachusetts.	William Marston House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Tree High School is a suburban public high school located in the city of Longview, Texas, in Gregg County, United States and classified as a 5A school by the UIL.	Pine Tree High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gilbert and Samuel McKown House, also known as ``Marshy Dell,'', is a historic home located near Gerrardstown, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	Gilbert and Samuel McKown House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southern Terminal, Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal is a national historic district at Havre de Grace, Harford County, Maryland, United States.	Southern Terminal, Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbrojów (ˈzbrɔjuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bliżyn, within Skarżysko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Zbrojów	Gmina Bliżyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballinagh, officially Bellananagh (Irish: Béal Átha na nEach, meaning ``ford-mouth of the horses''), is a village in County Cavan, Ireland.	Ballinagh	County Cavan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Gargich (Persian: ده گرگيچ‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Gargīch; also known as Deh-e Gargīj and Gargīj) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Gargich	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Nasirabad (Persian: تازه كندنصيراباد‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Naşīrābād; also known as Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Dikleh Rural District, Hurand District, Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Nasirabad	Dikleh Rural District	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Kowloon Magistracy (北九龍裁判法院 / 北九龍裁判司署 before 1 July 1997) is a historic building and former Magistrate's Court located at No. 292, Tai Po Road, Shek Kip Mei, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	North Kowloon Magistracy	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crossings Christian School serves students in the greater Oklahoma City, Oklahoma area.	Crossings Christian School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jarmulowsky Bank Building is a 12-story building formerly housing the Jarmulowsky Bank on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, New York City.	Jarmulowsky Bank Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	As a part of municipal reform of the Bonn area Uckerath, and thus also the village Rütsch, were assigned to the then-new independent municipality Hennef (Sieg).	Rütsch	Hennef (Sieg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bovel (Breton: Bovel, Gallo: Bovèu) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in north-France.	Bovel	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Go-Karts Plus is an action park in Lightfoot, Virginia, USA, which is considered part of the greater Williamsburg, Virginia area.	Go-Karts Plus	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westerville North High School is a public high school in Westerville, Ohio in Delaware County, Ohio.	Westerville North High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayo Civic Center - named for William Worrall Mayo - is a multi-purpose event facility in Rochester, Minnesota.	Mayo Civic Center	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church Street Graveyard is a historic city cemetery located in Mobile, Alabama.	Church Street Graveyard	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busk Raion (Ukrainian: Буський район) is a raion (district) in Lviv Oblast (region) in western Ukraine.	Busk Raion	Lviv Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	KANV (91.3 FM), is a National Public Radio-affiliated radio station in Olsburg, Kansas, USA.	KANV	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiewiórowo (vjɛvjuˈrɔvɔ) (formerly German Viverow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Manowo, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wiewiórowo	Gmina Manowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curles Neck Plantation (also known as Curles Neck Farm) is located between State Route 5 and the north bank of the James River in the Varina district of Henrico County, Virginia.	Curles Neck Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Barreh Mordeh (Persian: شهرك بره مرده‎) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District, Naghan District, Kiar County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Barreh Mordeh	Mashayekh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frederick W. Neef House is a house in Denver, Colorado, United States that was built in 1886.	Frederick W. Neef House	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bayshore Mall is an indoor shopping mall located in Eureka, California owned and managed by Rouse Properties, a former division of General Growth Properties, one of the largest mall owners in the United States.	Bayshore Mall	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baguley railway station was a station in the South of Manchester, England, at the extreme western edge of Baguley near the southern end of Brooklands Road where Shady Lane crossed the railway line.	Baguley railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salesforce Tower, formerly known as the Transbay Tower, is a 1,070 ft (326 m) supertall office skyscraper under construction in the South of Market district of downtown San Francisco.	Salesforce Tower	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Centre Village Historic District encompasses the historic central business district of Southbridge, Massachusetts.	Centre Village Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norwegian Radium Hospital (Norwegian: Radiumhospitalet) is a part of Oslo University Hospital in Oslo, Norway dedicated to cancer treatment.	Norwegian Radium Hospital	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Experimental Mine, U.S. Bureau of Mines is a landmark located in the Pittsburgh suburb of Bruceton, Pennsylvania.	Experimental Mine, U.S. Bureau of Mines	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Mowmen Sara (Persian: پيرمومن سرا‎, also Romanized as Pīr Mow’men Sarā) is a village in Jirdeh Rural District, in the Central District of Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pir Mowmen Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbazia di San Salvatore or Abbadia San Salvatore is an abbey in the town of Abbadia San Salvatore, Tuscany, Italy, to which it gives its name.	Abbazia di San Salvatore	Abbadia San Salvatore
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giro District is located within southeastern Ghazni Province in Afghanistan, 50 km South East of Ghazni.	Giro District	Ghazni
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bill Armstrong Stadium is a 6,500-capacity soccer-specific stadium and velodrome located in Bloomington, Indiana.	Bill Armstrong Stadium	Bloomington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Sugarloaf Key is located at ~24.7° N 81.5° W in the Florida Keys.	Upper Sugarloaf Key	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basalt Island (Chinese: 火石洲; Jyutping: Fo Shek Chau) is an island of Hong Kong and administratively part of the Sai Kung District.	Basalt Island	Hong Kong	Sai Kung District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in southern Albany County in the U.S. state of Wyoming and includes 1,776 acres (7.2 km2).	Mortenson Lake National Wildlife Refuge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest-Saint-Julien est une commune des Hautes-Alpes department au sud-est de la France.	Forest-Saint-Julien	Hautes-Alpes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buckskin Mountain State Park is a state park located near Parker, Arizona, USA.	Buckskin Mountain State Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Hashem Rural District (Persian: دهستان قلعه هاشم‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shal District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qaleh Hashem Rural District	Shal District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nyíregyháza is located in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County in the northern Plain region (Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, Hajdú-Bihar county, and Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok County).	Nyíregyháza	Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bayanlucheh (Persian: بيانلوچه‎, also Romanized as Bayānlūcheh; also known as Bayānlūjeh) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District, Saraju District, Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bayanlucheh	Sarajuy-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The L Tower is condominium development under construction in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	L Tower	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doom Mountain is a mountain on the Brooks Peninsula on Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.	Doom Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czernikówko (t͡ʂɛrniˈkufkɔ) (German: Schwarzenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo, within Toruń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Czernikówko	Gmina Czernikowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedamierz (ɲɛˈdamjɛʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niedamierz	Gmina Goleniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otrzep (ˈɔtʂɛp) (German: Friedrichshorst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Otrzep	Gmina Wierzchowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeler End is a hamlet in the parish of Piddington and Wheeler End, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Wheeler End	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wyant-Talbot House is located on Clark Avenue in the village of Cornwall on Hudson, New York.	Wyant-Talbot House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokhudan (Persian: نخودان‎, also Romanized as Nokhūdān) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Nokhudan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	RailsWest Railroad Museum is a railroad museum operated by the Historical Society of Pottawattamie County at 16th Avenue and South Main Street and illustrates the history of railroads in Council Bluffs, Iowa.	RailsWest Railroad Museum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nationwide Arena is a large multi-purpose arena, in Columbus, Ohio, USA.	Nationwide Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gymnasium Achern is a Gymnasium (grammar school) in Achern, Baden-Württemberg, Germany, founded in 1877.	Gymnasium Achern	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarzam (Persian: طرزم‎, also Romanized as Ţarzam and Ţarzom) is a village in Arzil Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tarzam	Arzil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huddersfield (i/ˈhʌdərzˌfiːld/, local /ˈhʊdəzˌfiːld/) is a large market town and is the largest settlement in the metropolitan borough of Kirklees, West Yorkshire, England.	Huddersfield	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bialik House (Hebrew: בית ביאליק‎) was the home of the Hebrew national poet Hayyim Nahman Bialik in the center of Tel Aviv, Israel, and is now used as a museum.	Bialik House	Tel Aviv
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishehgah (Persian: بيشه گاه‎, also Romanized as Bīshehgāh; also known as Vīshkā) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bishehgah	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fa'side Castle (Faside Estate) has previously been known as Fawside, Falside, Ffauside, Fauxside, or Fawsyde and is a 15th-century keep located in East Lothian in Scotland.	Fa'side Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bell Ford Post Patented Diagonal ``Combination Bridge'', often simply called the Bell Ford Bridge or Bell Ford Covered Bridge, is a dilapidated covered bridge located in Jackson County, Indiana, northwest of Seymour, Indiana.	Bell Ford Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tempoczów-Rędziny (tɛmˈpɔt͡ʂuf rɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Tempoczów-Rędziny	Gmina Skalbmierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ebrahimabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان ابراهيم آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Ebrahimabad Rural District	Ramand District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KELG is an Austin, Texas, radio station, licensed to Manor, Texas, and is owned by Encino Broadcasting.	KELG	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lewis Anderson House, Barn and Granary is a historic ensemble of buildings, currently located in The Dalles, Oregon, United States.	Lewis Anderson House, Barn and Granary	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kongshavn or Kongshamn is a community in the municipality of Arendal in Aust-Agder county, Norway.	Kongshamn	Arendal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budzisz (ˈbud͡ʑiʂ) (German: Budisch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzgoń, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Budzisz	Gmina Dzierzgoń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milebush is a hamlet about one mile (1.6 km) north of Marden in the Maidstone district of Kent, England.	Milebush	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James Winery is located in St. James, Missouri, near mile marker 195 of Interstate 44.	St. James Winery	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue River 1 is the Statistics Canada census-area designation for what is properly termed the Blue River Indian Reserve No. 1, an Indian Reserve in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Blue River Indian Reserve No. 1	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musicon is a district of the city of Roskilde on the Danish island of Zealand.	Musicon	Roskilde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalikave (കാളികാവ്) is a small village in Kuravilangad Panchayath, Meenachil taluk of Kottayam district.	Kalikave	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2001 Marin Shakespeare Company celebrated the 40th anniversary of the founding of California's first outdoor Shakespeare festival.	Marin Shakespeare Company	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albuzzano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 30 km south of Milan and about 9 km east of Pavia.	Albuzzano	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naprusewo (napruˈsɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowite, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Naprusewo	Gmina Ostrowite
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golanabad (Persian: گلنااباد‎, also Romanized as Golanābād, Golnā Ābād, and Golnābād; also known as Golābād) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Golanabad	Chahar Gonbad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helen DeVos Children's Hospital is a pediatric hospital in Grand Rapids, Michigan and a division of Spectrum Health.	Helen DeVos Children's Hospital	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cloverdale Municipal Airport (FAA LID: O60) is a public airport located three miles (4.8 km) southeast of Cloverdale, serving Sonoma County, California, USA.	Cloverdale Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashton Keynes is a village and civil parish in north Wiltshire, England which borders with Gloucestershire.	Ashton Keynes	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chodská Lhota (until 1946 Lhota, German: Melhut) is a village and municipality (obec) in Domažlice District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic.	Chodská Lhota	Domažlice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Larsar (Persian: لارسر‎, also Romanized as Lārsar) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Larsar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Rajab (Persian: سيدرجب‎) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Seyyed Rajab	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirandola (local dialect: La Miràndla) is a city and comune of Emilia-Romagna, Italy, in the Province of Modena, 31 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the provincial capital by railway.	Mirandola	Province of Modena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szklana Góra (ˈʂklana ˈɡura) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz, within Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szklana Góra	Gmina Przywidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portknockie (Scottish Gaelic: Port Chnocaidh, the hilly port) is a coastal village on the Moray Firth within Moray, Scotland.	Portknockie	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niesiobędy (ɲɛɕɔˈbɛndɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niesiobędy	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simiganj (or Simiganch) is a town in Vahdat District, Region of Republican Subordination, Tajikistan, in central Asia.	Simiganj	Vahdat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nosratabad-e Bayeh (Persian: نصرتابادبايه‎, also Romanized as Noşratābād-e Bāyeh; also known as Noşratābād-e Bābeh, Bāya, and Bāyeh) is a village in Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Nosratabad-e Bayeh	Dashtabi-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dinga is a city of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.	Dinga	Gujrat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coca-Cola Museum (Chinese: 可口可樂博物館; pinyin: Kěkǒukělè Bówùguǎn) is a museum about the drink Coca-Cola, located on the Gueishan Industrial Park in Taoyuan District, Taoyuan City, Taiwan.	Coca-Cola Museum	Taoyuan City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicodemus Mill Complex is a historic home and mill complex located at Keedysville, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Nicodemus Mill Complex	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jarbidge Wilderness is a wilderness area located in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County in northeastern Nevada, United States.	Jarbidge Wilderness	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notting Gate (also known as Notting Hill) is a neighbourhood located in Cumberland Ward, in the suburb of Orleans in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Notting Gate	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beech Island Historical Society (BIHS) is a non-profit historical society and museum dedicated to the history of Beech Island, and its county, Aiken County, both of which are situated in the U.S. state of South Carolina.	Beech Island Historical Society	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mevagissey (Cornish: Lannvorek) is a village, fishing port and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Mevagissey	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gadarmala, also known as Bhopalgarh, is a taluk in Bhilwara district, Rajasthan.	Gadarmala	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Melbourne Gaol is a museum and former prison located on Russell Street, in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Old Melbourne Gaol	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonnyrigg is a town in Midlothian, Scotland, eight miles (13 kilometres) southeast of Edinburgh city centre.	Bonnyrigg	Midlothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czarnominek (t͡ʂarnɔˈminɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Czarnominek	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suangdoh is a mid-sized village situated in Singngat, Churachandpur district, Manipur, Northeast India.	Suangdoh	Churachandpur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pian di Scò is an ex-comune (municipality) in the Province of Arezzo in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Florence and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Arezzo, in the Valdarno.	Pian di Scò	Province of Arezzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unity Pond (Lake Winnecook) is the largest lake in Waldo County, Maine.	Unity Pond	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iraneh (Persian: ايرانه‎, also Romanized as Īrāneh; also known as Irāneh-ye Sāmen, Īrīneh, Orūneh, Sarāb, and Sarāb Sāmen) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Iraneh	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	William Wells House, also known as The Stone House or ``Stonehurst,'' is a historic home located at Tyler City, Tyler County, West Virginia.	William Wells House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Footscray railway station is located on the Sunbury, Werribee and Williamstown lines in Victoria, Australia.	Footscray railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mingarry Castle (or Mingary Castle) (Caisteal Mhìogharraidh in Gaelic) is a castle situated a mile south-east of the small village of Kilchoan in Lochaber, Scotland.	Mingarry Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse is a historic toll house located at Walkersville, Frederick County, Maryland, United States.	Woodsboro and Frederick Turnpike Company Tollhouse	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albergaria-a-Velha (Portuguese pronunciation: (aɫβɨɾɣɐˈɾi.a ˈvɛʎɐ)) is a town and a municipality in the Aveiro District in Portugal.	Albergaria-a-Velha	Aveiro District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkalaki (Persian: تركالكي‎, also Romanized as Torkālakī ) is a city in Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District, Aghili District, Gotvand County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Torkalaki	Aghili-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beeliar Wetlands are made up of two chains of lakes and wetlands that run parallel to the west coast of Western Australia.	Beeliar Wetlands	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veliki Trnovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики Трновац, Albanian: Tërnoci i Madh or Tërnoc) is a town in the municipality of Bujanovac, Serbia.	Veliki Trnovac	Bujanovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangman, formerly known as West Calder, is a village located in southern Saskatchewan, Canada; it is south of Regina.	Pangman	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mowr-e Gur (Persian: مورگور‎, also Romanized as Mowr-e Gūr; also known as Mūr-e Kūr) is a village in Jowzam Rural District, Dehaj District, Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mowr-e Gur	Dehaj District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dondelange (Luxembourgish: Dondel, German: Dondelingen) is a village in the commune of Kehlen, in south-western Luxembourg.	Dondelange	Kehlen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 153 megawatt (MW) capacity Walnut Wind Farm is located in Pottawattamie County, Iowa.	Walnut Wind Farm	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Townley Grammar School, normally referred to locally as Townley is a grammar school with academy status for girls on Townley Road, Bexleyheath, in the London Borough of Bexley, England.	Townley Grammar School	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cefn Fforest is a Community and an electoral ward in Caerphilly County Borough, Wales.	Cefn Fforest	Caerphilly County Borough	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Päijänne Tavastia Aviation Museum (Finnish: Päijät-Hämeen ilmailumuseo) is an aviation museum in Asikkala, near Lahti, Finland.	Päijänne Tavastia Aviation Museum	Asikkala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Smallwood Reservoir is a large reservoir located in the western part of Labrador in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Smallwood Reservoir	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Nord Historic District (also Mt. Nord Historic District, formerly Mont Nord Addition) is a historic district in Fayetteville, Arkansas encompassing one city block with five properties.	Mount Nord Historic District	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosochacz (rɔˈsɔxat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koziegłowy, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Rosochacz	Gmina Koziegłowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundaje (Tulu/Kannada:ಮುಂಡಾಜೆ) is on the Villupuram-Mangalore National Highway, which is 14 km far from the Taluk headquarters Belthangady in Dakshina Kannada (South Canara) of Karnataka.	Mundaje	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Mansion and Carriage House is a historic home and carriage house located at Berwick, Columbia County, Pennsylvania.	Jackson Mansion and Carriage House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wallasey (/ˈwɒləsi/) is a town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, in Merseyside, England, on the mouth of the River Mersey, at the northeastern corner of the Wirral Peninsula.	Wallasey	Wirral
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fiałkowo (fjau̯ˈkɔvɔ) (German: Kleindorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dopiewo, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Fiałkowo	Gmina Dopiewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kezen (Persian: كزن‎; also known as Gazan, Gezen-e Bālā, Kezen Bālā, Kezen-e Bālā, and Najafābād) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Kezen	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakool (Somali: Bakool, Arabic: باكول‎) is a region (gobol) in southwestern Somalia.	Bakool	Somalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kehrsatz became an independent municipality in the Canton of Bern.	Kehrsatz	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavpol (Persian: گاوپل‎, also Romanized as Gāvpol) is a village in Baladeh Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gavpol	Baladeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bartkowo (bartˈkɔvɔ) (German Bartikow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Bartkowo	Gmina Gryfino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huaxi District (Chinese: 花溪区; pinyin: Huāxī Qū) is a district in Guiyang, the capital city of Guizhou Province, China.	Huaxi District	Guiyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jones Field (FAA LID: F00) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) north of the central business district of Bonham, a city in Fannin County, Texas, United States.	Jones Field	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarney-ye Ashub (Persian: سرني اشوب‎, also Romanized as Sarney-ye Āshūb) is a village in Hur Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarney-ye Ashub	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierwoszyno (pjɛrvɔˈʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosakowo, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pierwoszyno	Gmina Kosakowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaznika (Persian: جزنيكا‎, also Romanized as Jaznīkā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jaznika	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawnee Friends Mission (Friends Meeting House) is a historic Quaker mission and meeting house in Shawnee, Oklahoma.	Shawnee Friends Mission	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shreveport Symphony Orchestra (SSO) is based in Shreveport, the seat of Caddo Parish and the largest city in north Louisiana.	Shreveport Symphony Orchestra	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeouido Station is a subway station on Line 5 and Line 9 on the Seoul Subway system.	Yeouido Station	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Mohammad Hasan (Persian: امامزاده محمدحسن‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Moḩammad Ḩasan) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Mohammad Hasan	Zalaqi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hugoton Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHQG, FAA LID: HQG) is a county-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Hugoton, a city in Stevens County, Kansas, United States.	Hugoton Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cuties Island (also known as Vincent Island) is a small, formerly inhabited island off the coast of Stamford, Fairfield County, Connecticut.	Cuties Island	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbylejren is a former military installation and training ground situated at Liseleje in Halsnæs Municipality, North Zealand, some 60 km north of Copenhagen, Denmark.	Melbylejren	Halsnæs Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vasmeh Jan (Persian: وسمه جان‎, also Romanized as Vasmeh Jān; also known as Vasmjān and Vasmjān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Pir Kuh Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Vasmeh Jan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Britwell is a residential housing estate and civil parish in the north west of Slough, Berkshire, in the south of England.	Britwell	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopik ( pronunciation ) is a municipality and a town in the Netherlands, in the province of Utrecht and close to the river Lek.	Lopik	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Molla Qorbani (Persian: ملاقرباني‎‎, also Romanized as Mollā Qorbānī; also known as Sarāb-e Mollā Qorbānī and Seyl Mollā Qorbānī) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Molla Qorbani	Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atteridgeville, part of the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality, is a township located to the west of Pretoria, South Africa.	Atteridgeville	City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Four Seasons Resort Maui at Wailea is a resort in Wailea, on the island of Maui in Hawaii.	Four Seasons Resort Maui	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mills High School is a public high school in Millbrae, California, one of seven in the San Mateo Union High School District.	Mills High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rimin Gado (or Rafin Gado) is a Local Government Area in Kano State, Nigeria.	Rimin Gado	Kano State
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bezinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region) of France.	Bezinghem	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ban Haeng (Thai: บ้านแหง) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Ngao District, in Lampang Province, Thailand.In 2005 it had a total population of 6773 people.	Ban Haeng	Ngao
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center is a healthcare in Cincinnati, Ohio, and a major source of education, medical care, and research in Greater Cincinnati training health care professionals and providing research and patient care.	University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heins Block is the most prominent commercial building in the city of Olivia, Minnesota, United States.	Heins Block	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swallowcliffe is a small village and civil parish located approximately 13 miles (21 km) west of Salisbury, Wiltshire, England.	Swallowcliffe	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Azraq (Persian: نهرازرق‎; also known as 'Azraq and Kabūdān) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Azraq	Nasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villabate (Sicilian: Villabbati) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Palermo in the Italian region Sicily, located about 8 kilometres (5 mi) southeast of Palermo.	Villabate	Province of Palermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kho Rum (Thai: คอรุม) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Phichai District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Kho Rum	Phichai
located in the administrative territorial entity	During 5th century AD VISHNU KUNDINAS who ruled Krishna district excavated cave temples at Mogalrajapuram.	Mogalrajapuram	Krishna district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakhtegan Rural District (Persian: دهستان بختگان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Bakhtegan Rural District	Abadeh Tashk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Òrrius is a village and municipality in the comarca of Maresme in the province of Barcelona and autonomous community of Catalonia, Spain.	Òrrius	Maresme
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJDA is a radio station in Quincy, Massachusetts, serving the Boston area with a religious/ethnic format.	WJDA	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khartuwa is a small village in the Sitalpati V.D.C. Ward no.6 of Sankhuwasabha District, located in one of the most remote part of eastern Nepal.	Khartuwa	Sankhuwasabha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carnate is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Monza and Brianza, in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Milan.	Carnate	Province of Monza and Brianza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson Rancheria is the landbase for the Jackson Rancheria of Me-Wuk Indians of California, a federally recognized tribe of Miwok people, located near Jackson, California.	Jackson Rancheria	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYKN (1430 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Keizer, Oregon, USA.	KYKN	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Francisco Federal Building is an 18-story, 71.3 m (234 ft) building at 90 7th Street on the corner of Mission and 7th streets in the South of Market neighborhood of San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Federal Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley River Center is a super-regional-class shopping mall located in Eugene, Oregon, U.S. It is the largest shopping center between Portland and San Francisco.	Valley River Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North York Civic Centre is a building that once served as the city hall for the former City of North York, Ontario, Canada.	North York Civic Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claremont Graduate University (CGU) is a private, all-graduate research university located in Claremont, California, a city 35 miles (56 km) east of downtown Los Angeles.	Claremont Graduate University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skomętno Wielkie (skɔˈmɛntnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skomętno Wielkie	Gmina Kalinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Philip's in the Hills Episcopal Church is a historic church at 4440 N. Campbell Avenue in Tucson, Arizona, United States.	St. Philip's in the Hills Episcopal Church	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Birkhead Mountains Wilderness was established by the 1984 North Carolina Wilderness Act, and it covers 5,160 acres (20.9 km2) in the Uwharrie National Forest at the northern end of the Uwharrie Mountains, in central North Carolina.	Birkhead Mountains Wilderness	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madathupatti is a small village near Sivakasi in Virudhunagar District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Madathupatti	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ebal Methodist Protestant Church is a historic property of the Methodist Protestant Church located at the end of SR 2518 near Denton in Davidson County, North Carolina.	Mount Ebal Methodist Protestant Church	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Guild Church of St Dunstan-in-the-West is in Fleet Street in the City of London.	St Dunstan-in-the-West	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belhar is a suburb of the City of Cape Town, South Africa, in the Cape Flats area.	Belhar	City of Cape Town
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prospect Charter School is a public charter school in Prospect, Oregon, United States.	Prospect Charter School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mequon Town Hall and Fire Station Complex is an Art Deco building complex in Mequon, Wisconsin, United States, that was built in 1937.	Mequon Town Hall and Fire Station Complex	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Naval Observatory is a historic site in Northwest, Washington, D.C..	Old Naval Observatory	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erlenbach am Main (officially: Erlenbach a.Main) is the biggest town in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany.	Erlenbach am Main	Miltenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derby Dinner Playhouse is a dinner theatre located in Clarksville, Indiana that opened in 1974.	Derby Dinner Playhouse	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butterfly Valley, or Wu Tip Kuk (Chinese: 蝴蝶谷), is a valley in north of Lai Chi Kok in New Kowloon of Hong Kong, located between O Pui Shan and Piper's Hill.	Butterfly Valley	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Technical Vocational High School (known colloquially as Tec Voc), is a high school in the west end of Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Technical Vocational High School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namkhola is a popular region in Khairabar tehsil, comined villages Bah Molla and Athiyabari in Darrang district, Assam, India.	Namkhola	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jefferson Davis Hotel is a former hotel located in Montgomery, Alabama.	Jefferson Davis Hotel	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dipper Dredge No. 3 is a historic dredge located at Lyons in Wayne County, New York.	Dipper Dredge No. 3	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tour d'Isolella (Corsican: Torra di l'Isuledda) is a Genoese tower located in the commune of Pietrosella (Corse-du-Sud) on the French island of Corsica.	Tour d'Isolella	Pietrosella
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirui (Persian: پيروئي‎, also Romanized as Pīrū’ī) is a village in Rudkhaneh Rural District, Rudkhaneh District, Rudan County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Pirui	Rudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schwartz's, also known as the Montreal Hebrew Delicatessen, is a delicatessen restaurant and take-out, located at 3895 Saint-Laurent Boulevard in Montreal, Quebec.	Schwartz's	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Roca del Vallès is a village in the comarca of Vallès Oriental in the province of Barcelona and Catalonia.	La Roca del Vallès	Vallès Oriental
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Lorenzo in Panisperna, or San Lorenzo in Formoso, is a church on Via Panisperna, Rome, central Italy.	San Lorenzo in Panisperna	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beaufort Street is a major road in the inner north-eastern suburbs of Perth, Western Australia, connecting the Morley area to the Perth CBD.	Beaufort Street	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spallumcheen is a district municipality in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Spallumcheen	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafeh Jangian (Persian: کافه جنگيان‎, also Romanized as Kāfeh Jangīān) is a village in Abreis Rural District, Bazman District, Iranshahr County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Kafeh Jangian	Abreis Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whistler/Green Lake Water Aerodrome (IATA: YWS, TC LID: CAE5) is located on Green Lake 5 km north of Whistler, in British Columbia, Canada.	Whistler/Green Lake Water Aerodrome	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Étang de Leucate or 'Étang de Salses is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales and Aude, France.	Étang de Leucate	Pyrénées-Orientales	Aude
located in the administrative territorial entity	Januszew (jaˈnuʂɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Januszew	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedar Rock Falls (Cedar Rock Creek Falls, Falls on Cedar Rock Creek) is a waterfall in Transylvania County, North Carolina, USA.	Cedar Rock Falls	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notleymere (1885--89), also known as the Frank Norton estate, is a historic house located on the eastern shore of Cazenovia Lake in Cazenovia, Madison County, New York.	Notleymere	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 68 Maple Street is an historic building located on the corner of Maple Street and Nonantum Road in the village of Newton Corner, in Newton, Massachusetts.	House at 68 Maple Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yulong Naxi Autonomous County (Chinese: 玉龙纳西族自治县; pinyin: Yùlóng Nàxīzú Zìzhìxiàn) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture, Yunnan, China.	Yulong Naxi Autonomous County	Lijiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Itri is a small city and comune in the central Italian region of Latium and the Province of Latina.	Itri	Province of Latina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashan County (simplified Chinese: 马山县; traditional Chinese: 馬山縣; pinyin: Mǎshān Xiàn; Standard Zhuang: Majsanh Yen) is under the administration of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, China.	Mashan County	Nanning
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bacon-Morse Historic District encompasses a historic rural village center in Southbridge, Massachusetts.	Bacon-Morse Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Metropolitan City of Milan (Italian: Città Metropolitana di Milano) is a metropolitan city in the Lombardy region, Italy.	Metropolitan City of Milan	Lombardy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwalk Hospital is a not-for-profit, acute care community teaching hospital in the Spring Hill section of Norwalk, Connecticut.	Norwalk Hospital	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falbogi (falˈbɔɡi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kałuszyn, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Falbogi	Gmina Kałuszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Baptist Church of Denver is an historic church at 230 E. 14th Avenue-1373 Grant Street in Denver, Colorado.	First Baptist Church of Denver	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kubowo (kuˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kwilcz, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kubowo	Gmina Kwilcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Island Pond, known officially as Island Pond, is a 77-acre (310,000 m2) pond in Plymouth, Massachusetts, one of three ponds known as Island Pond within the town (One is located near South Pond village, and the other is located in the Cedarville section of town).	Great Island Pond	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerald Gentleman Station (GGS) is Nebraska's largest electricity generating plant.	Gerald Gentleman Station	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walnut Valley Festival (generally referred to as ``Winfield'' by non-residents or simply ``Bluegrass'' to Winfield locals) is an acoustic music festival, held annually in Winfield, Kansas.	Walnut Valley Festival	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Entlebuch Biosphere is a natural reserve at the foot of the Alps, and includes the 395 km² valley of the Little Emme River between Bern and Lucerne in the Swiss Canton of Lucerne.	Entlebuch Biosphere	Canton of Lucerne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bargagli is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Genoa in the Italian region Liguria, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of Genoa in the Val di Lentro.	Bargagli	Province of Genoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaikavolu (Telugu: కైకవోలు) is a village in East Godavari District, Pedapudi Mandal, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kaikavolu	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kingston Memorial Centre is a 3,300-seat multi-purpose arena located at 303 York Street in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	Kingston Memorial Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Carlos de Guaroa (Spanish pronunciation: (saŋˈkaɾlos ɣwaˈɾoa)) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department, Colombia.	San Carlos de Guaroa	Meta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia Régis Bittencourt (official designation in the state of São Paulo SP-230) is a section of the BR-116 that connects the cities of São Paulo and Rio Negro, passing also through Curitiba, Brazil.	Rodovia Régis Bittencourt	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum Catharijneconvent (St. Catherine's Convent Museum) is a museum of religious art in Utrecht in the Netherlands.	Museum Catharijneconvent	Utrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blo' Norton is a village and civil parish in the Breckland district of Norfolk, England, on the River Little Ouse, not far from Diss.	Blo' Norton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Lamin Jub (Persian: پائين لمين جوب‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Lamīn Jūb; also known as Pā’īn Līman Jūb, Līman Jūb, and Līman Jūb-e Pā’īn) is a village in Bibalan Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Lamin Jub	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spruce Woods Provincial Park is located in south-central Manitoba, Canada.	Spruce Woods Provincial Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badenweiler is a health resort and spa in the Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald district of Baden-Württemberg, Germany, historically in the Markgräflerland.	Badenweiler	Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRVO Public Media is a non-profit public radio network in Oswego, New York licensed to the State University of New York at Oswego, operating from studios in the Penfield Library on the SUNY Oswego campus.	WRVO	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pwllgloyw is a settlement on the edge of the Brecon Beacons in the county of Powys in south-east Wales.	Pwllgloyw	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Parish Church Parsonage is a historic parsonage at 232--234 Pleasant Street in Arlington, Massachusetts.	First Parish Church Parsonage	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liangping County (simplified Chinese: 梁平县; traditional Chinese: 梁平縣; pinyin: Liángpíng Xiàn), formerly Liangshan County (梁山县), is a county in the north of Chongqing Municipality, People's Republic of China.	Liangping County	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Zowraq (Persian: چشمه زورق‎; also known as Chashmeh-ye Dūrakh and Cheshmeh-ye Dūrakh) is a village in Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Zowraq	Kamazan-e Vosta Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swartberg Pass on the R328 run through the Swartberg mountain range (black mountain in English) which runs roughly east-west along the northern edge of the semi-arid area called the Little Karoo in the Western Cape province of South Africa.	Swartberg Pass	Western Cape
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łódki (ˈwutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Smołdzino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łódki	Gmina Smołdzino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Detroit (/dᵻˈtrɔɪt/) is the most populous city in the U.S. state of Michigan, the fourth-largest city in the Midwest and the largest city on the United States--	Detroit	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gem Theater was a saloon in Deadwood, South Dakota, owned by Al Swearengen.	Gem Theater	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salij (Persian: سليج‎, also Romanized as Salīj) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salij	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farmington Rock Chapel or Rock Church, built between 1861-1863 in the town of Farmington, Utah, is one of the oldest churches still in use in Utah.	Farmington Rock Chapel	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aventura Mall is an upscale super-regional shopping mall in Aventura, Florida, a northern suburb of Miami.	Aventura Mall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarvih Adai (Persian: ترويح عداي‎, also Romanized as Tarvīḩ ``Adāī) is a village in Chenaneh Rural District, Fath Olmobin District, Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 537, in 75 families.	Tarvih Adai	Chenaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stary Jaworów (ˈstarɨ jaˈvɔruf) (German: Alt Jauernick) is a village in the urban-rural Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stary Jaworów	Gmina Jaworzyna Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sibley Railroad Bridge is a three-span through truss railroad bridge belonging to the BNSF Railway between Jackson County, Missouri, and Ray County, Missouri, at Sibley.	Sibley Railroad Bridge	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Savanna River is a small yet historic stream in Aitkin and Saint Louis counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	East Savanna River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Horse Inn, also known as Sampson & the Lion, is a historic inn and tavern located in Flourtown, Springfield Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Black Horse Inn	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juglot or Jaglot is a town in Gilgit District, Pakistan, situated 45 km south east of Gilgit on the Karakoram Highway.	Juglot	Gilgit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campgaw Mountain is the northernmost ridge of the volcanically formed Watchung Mountains, straddling the border of Franklin Lakes, Oakland, and Mahwah in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Campgaw Mountain	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rumsey Street (Chinese: 林士街) is a street in Sheung Wan on the Hong Kong Island of Hong Kong.	Rumsey Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Conotton Creek Trail is a rail trail in Ohio, running from Bowerston to Jewett in northern Harrison County.	Conotton Creek Trail	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jetalpur is a town in the Ahmedabad district of the Indian state of Gujarat.	Jetalpur	Ahmedabad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	His Majesty King Saud Mosque is the largest mosque in the city of Jeddah and is located in Jeddah's Al-Sharafeyyah District.	King Saud Mosque	Jeddah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kornatowo (kɔrnaˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo, within Chełmno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kornatowo	Gmina Lisewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hellikon (Alemannic German pronunciation: (ˈhɛlːikχə)) is a municipality in the Rheinfelden district of canton Aargau in Switzerland.	Hellikon	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	McDowell Peak is located in the McDowell Mountains, to the northeast of Phoenix, Arizona.	McDowell Peak	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calea Moșilor (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈkale̯a ˈmoʃilor)) is both a historic street and a major road in Bucharest, Romania.	Calea Moșilor	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundarra-Barraba Important Bird Area lies in the Northern Tablelands of north-eastern New South Wales, Australia.	Bundarra-Barraba Important Bird Area	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Glamorgan (Welsh: De Morgannwg) is a preserved county of Wales.	South Glamorgan	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridell (Welsh: Y Bridell) is a hamlet (place) and also a parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, situated in the north of the county.	Bridell	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kebria Kola (Persian: كبرياكلا‎, also Romanized as Kebrīā Kolā) is a village in Deraz Kola Rural District, Babol Kenar District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kebria Kola	Deraz Kola Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stockbridge Casino is a historic building now at East Main Street at Yale Hill Road in Stockbridge, Massachusetts.	Stockbridge Casino	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bąkówka (bɔnˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Bąkówka	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amelia Island Light is the oldest existing lighthouse in the state of Florida in the United States.	Amelia Island Light	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Męczki (ˈmɛnt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wizna, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Męczki	Gmina Wizna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarring Neville is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex, England.	Tarring Neville	East Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mashkaleh (Persian: مشكله‎; also known as Mashgaleh) is a village in Amlash-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mashkaleh	Amlash-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małgorzatów (mau̯ɡɔˈʐatuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Małgorzatów	Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mansureh-ye Olya (Persian: منصوره عليا‎, also Romanized as Mansūreh-ye ''Olyā and Mansūreh-e-''Olyā; also known as Manşūreh, Manşūreh-ye Bozorg, and Mansuri) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mansureh-ye Olya	Hoseyni Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peninsula Town Center is an open air mixed-use development located in the Coliseum Central Business improvement district of Hampton, Virginia in the Hampton Roads region.	Peninsula Town Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anglican Diocese of Armidale is a diocese of the Anglican Church of Australia located in the state of New South Wales.	Anglican Diocese of Armidale	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuggali is a mandal in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh, India.Tuggali is a village of merely 5000 population and has a government high school and a private school as well where studies upto 10th class offered.	Tuggali	Kurnool district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jagged Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 23 km (14 mi) east of Woss and 6 km (4 mi) north of Mount Abel.	Jagged Mountain	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodur-e Bala (Persian: كدوربالا‎, also Romanized as Kodūr-e Bālā; also known as Kādar, Kodar, and Kodūr) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kodur-e Bala	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asbury Park High School is a comprehensive, four-year community public high school headquartered in a landmark building in Asbury Park, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, constructed during the New Deal as a model high school campus.	Asbury Park High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narmestan (Persian: نرمستان‎, also Romanized as Narmestān) is a village in Dezhgan Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Narmestan	Dezhgan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bendones is a hamlet (aldea) and parish (parroquia rural) of the municipality of Oviedo, Asturias, Spain.	Bendones	Oviedo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson Bruce Evans House, also known as LOR-239-21, is a house in Oberlin, Ohio and was a major stop on the Underground Railroad.	Wilson Bruce Evans House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sweet Memorial Building is a historic village hall and auditorium located at Phoenix in Oswego County, New York.	Sweet Memorial Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allt-na-h-Airbhe (Scottish Gaelic: Allt na h-Airbhe), ``stream at the boundary wall'', is a small crofting settlement close to Ullapool, Ross-shire, on the west shore of Loch Broom, and is within the council of Highland, Scotland.	Allt-na-h-Airbhe	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plav Municipality (Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic: Општина Плав, Albanian: Komuna e Plavës) is one of the municipalities of Montenegro.	Plav Municipality	Montenegro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oaksey is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, on the county boundary with Gloucestershire.	Oaksey	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taihu County (Chinese: 太湖县; Pinyin: Tàihú Xiàn) is a county in Anhui Province, People's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Anqing City.	Taihu County	Anqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Predoslje (pronounced (ˈpɾeːdɔsljɛ); German: Predassel) is a village in the Municipality of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia.	Predoslje	Kranj
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurlers Cross (Irish: Cros an Iománaí) is a small village in County Clare, situated close to Shannon Town and 6 km from both Sixmilebridge and Newmarket-on-Fergus.	Hurlers Cross	County Clare
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel Lambert (pronounced: (otɛl lɑ̃bɛːʁ)) is a hôtel particulier, a grand mansion townhouse, on the Quai Anjou on the eastern tip of the Île Saint-Louis, in 4th arrondissement of Paris.	Hôtel Lambert	4th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Cray is an area of south-east London, with the London Borough of Bexley.	North Cray	London Borough of Bexley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redfern Building in Manchester, England, is a Grade-II listed building which was completed in 1936.	Redfern Building	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Khanevar (Persian: چهارخانوار‎, also Romanized as Chahār Khānevār) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chahar Khanevar	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pol Gazi (Persian: پل گزي‎, also Romanized as Pol Gazī) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pol Gazi	Marzdaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdahabad (Persian: عبده اباد‎, also Romanized as ``Abdahābād; also known as ``Abdābād) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 26, in 6 families.	Abdahabad	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melvindale High School is a public school located within Melvindale, Michigan, which is in the Downriver area.	Melvindale High School	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saale-Holzland (official German name: Saale-Holzland-Kreis) is a Kreis (district) in the east of Thuringia, Germany.	Saale-Holzland-Kreis	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieszki (ˈɲeʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bakałarzewo, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nieszki	Gmina Bakałarzewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silverstein Eye Centers Arena (formerly the Independence Events Center) is a 5,800-seat multi-purpose arena in Independence, Missouri, United States, a suburb of Kansas City.	Silverstein Eye Centers Arena	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadodara is a City and Municipality in the Surat district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Kadodara	Surat district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard University Hospital (HUH) is a private, nonprofit institution in Washington, D.C., affiliated with Howard University.	Howard University Hospital	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radzików-Wieś (raˈd͡ʑikuf ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błonie, within Warsaw West County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Radzików-Wieś	Gmina Błonie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirabiyeh (Persian: زيرابيه‎, also Romanized as Zīrābīyeh, Zīr Ābīyeh, and Zīrābyeh; also known as Zīrīneh) is a village in Almahdi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Zirabiyeh	Almahdi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muszkowo (muʂˈkɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszyce, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Muszkowo	Gmina Krzeszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethlehem Grange No. 137 is a historic Grange hall located in Selkirk, Albany County, New York.	Bethlehem Grange No. 137	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Cyrusowa (ˈvɔla t͡sɨruˈsɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Cyrusowa	Gmina Dmosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doi Kaeo (Thai: ดอยแก้ว) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Chom Thong District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Doi Kaeo	Chom Thong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciepliny (t͡ɕeˈplinɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica Kujawska, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Ciepliny	Gmina Izbica Kujawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Orin Jordan House is a Victorian house in Whittier, California that was built in 1888 by Orin Jordan.	Orin Jordan House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darvish Khaki (Persian: درويش خاكي‎, also Romanized as Darvīsh Khākī; also known as Dhares Khākē) is a village in Najafabad Rural District, in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Darvish Khaki	Najafabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ovejas is a town and municipality located in the Sucre Department, northern Colombia where the traditional Cumbia (also called Gaita) festival ``Francisco Llirene'' takes place in October.	Ovejas	Sucre Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCTB is an FM radio broadcast station licensed to Fairfield, Maine, with studios in Skowhegan.	WCTB	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jijian Rud (Persian: جيجان رود‎, also Romanized as Jījīān Rūd and Jījeyānrūd; also known as Jeyjān Rūd) is a village in Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District, Samen District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Jijian Rud	Haram Rud-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doré Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan in the basin of the Beaver River (Canada).	Doré Lake	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardman IOOF Lodge Hall (also known as the Hardman Community Center and the Lone Balm Lodge #82) is a meeting hall in the ghost town of Hardman in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hardman IOOF Lodge Hall	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paulsplatz (in English: St Paul's Square) is a historic square in the heart of Frankfurt, Germany.	Paulsplatz	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jackson's Mill is a former grist mill in West Virginia (near the present-day city of Weston in Lewis County, West Virginia).	Jackson's Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardial (Persian: برديال‎, also Romanized as Bardīāl and Bardyāl) is a village in Marz Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bardial	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maillardville is a community on the south slope of the city of Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada.	Maillardville	Coquitlam	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nieznań (ˈɲeznaɲ) (German: Heidchen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Czarnowo, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Nieznań	Gmina Stare Czarnowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Kuh (Persian: دركوه‎, also Romanized as Dar Kūh; also known as Darkoo’eyeh, Darkū’īyeh, Dīrāku, and Sarkūh) is a village in Dulab Rural District, Shahab District, Qeshm County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Dar Kuh	Dulab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Artillery Barracks at Woolwich in the Royal Borough of Greenwich in London, was the home of the Royal Artillery.	Royal Artillery Barracks	Royal Borough of Greenwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 11 Murshidabad (Lok Sabha constituency).	Karimpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Murshidabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalab-e Pain (Persian: چالاب پائين‎, also Romanized as Chālāb-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chalab-e Pain	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	United Sports (formerly known as United Sports Training Center) is a multiple-use sports complex located in West Bradford Township, Pennsylvania.	United Sports	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoh Brisen is a mountain of the Urner Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri, in Central Switzerland.	Hoh Brisen	Nidwalden	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavard (Persian: كاورد‎, also Romanized as Kāvard) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Shahmirzad District, Mehdishahr County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Kavard	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaqaarissorsuaq Island (old spelling: Qaqârigssorssuaq) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland.	Qaqaarissorsuaq Island	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bellingham Square Historic District is a historic district in Chelsea, Massachusetts roughly bounded by Broadway, Shawmut, Chestnut, and Shurtleff Streets.	Bellingham Square Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szlagnowo (ʂlaɡˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Szlagnowo	Gmina Stare Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trzeszcze (ˈtʂɛʂt͡ʂɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna, within Gryfino County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland, close to the German border.	Trzeszcze	Gmina Chojna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliszewko (maliˈʂɛfkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Maliszewko	Gmina Drobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lišnice (German: Lischnitz) is a village in the Most District, located in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Lišnice	Most District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Hope Catholic Cemetery is a Roman Catholic cemetery at 305 Erskine Avenue in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Mount Hope Catholic Cemetery	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sirjapali is a village of the Kesinga in Kalahandi district of Indian state Odisha.	Sirjapali	Kalahandi district	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Winslow Marine Railway and Shipbuilding Company was a shipyard that operated from 1903 until 1959 on Bainbridge Island, Washington, United States.	Winslow Marine Railway and Shipbuilding Company	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coram Shipyard Historic District is a historic district encompassing a colonial-era shipyard at 2120, 2125, and 2130 Water Street in Dighton, Massachusetts.	Coram Shipyard Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oatman Drug Company Building, located at 1 Main St. in Oatman, Arizona, was built in 1915.	Oatman Drug Company Building	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford Field is a multi-purpose indoor stadium located in Downtown Detroit, Michigan, United States, owned by the Detroit/Wayne County Stadium Authority.	Ford Field	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hassingham is a small village in the county of Norfolk, England, about ten miles east of Norwich.	Hassingham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaghu (Persian: زاغو‎, also Romanized as Zāghū) is a village in Meyghan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zaghu	Meyghan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbots Ripton is situated within Huntingdonshire which is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire as well as being an historic county of England.	Abbots Ripton	Huntingdonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dubwath is a hamlet in the Allerdale district, in Cumbria, England.	Dubwath	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirud (Persian: ميرود‎, also Romanized as Mīrūd) is a village in Bahnemir Rural District, Bahnemir District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mirud	Bahnemir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindsay Cemetery, located just outside the town of Due West, South Carolina, was established in 1820.	Lindsay Cemetery	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harvard Stadium is a U-shaped football stadium in the Allston neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, in the United States.	Harvard Stadium	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knott Arena is a multi-purpose sports arena at Mount Saint Mary's University, in Emmitsburg, Maryland.	Knott Arena	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located at 315 Avenue A, the Old Fort Pierce City Hall (also known as the Old City Hall) is a historic building in downtown Fort Pierce, Florida.	Old Fort Pierce City Hall	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maqbul (Persian: مقبول‎, also Romanized as Maqbūl) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, Keshavarz District, Shahin Dezh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Maqbul	Chaharduli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Creek State Park is a state park of California, USA, located in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rearcross or Rear Cross (Irish: Crois na Rae) is a village in the townland of Reardnogy in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Rearcross	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ritter Range is a small mountain range within California's Sierra Nevada.	Ritter Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sourlands is a region in the U.S. state of New Jersey that includes portions of Hunterdon County, Mercer County and Somerset County.	The Sourlands	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newport Railroad Station was a historic railway station located at Newport in New Castle County, Delaware.	Newport Railroad Station	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District, built between 1916 and 1921, is located at Jones Street from 20th to 23rd Streets in Midtown Omaha, in the U.S. state of Nebraska.	Drake Court Apartments and the Dartmore Apartments Historic District	Omaha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburn Dam was a proposed dam on the North Fork of the American River east of the town of Auburn, California in the United States, on the border of Placer and El Dorado Counties.	Auburn Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abergeldie Castle is a four-floor tower house located in Crathie and Braemar parish, SW Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Abergeldie Castle	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Barian (Persian: قشلاق بريان‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Barīān) is a village in Angut-e Gharbi Rural District, Anguti District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Barian	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Treasury of the Basilica of Saint Servatius is a museum of religious art and artifacts inside the Basilica of Saint Servatius in Maastricht, Netherlands.	Treasury of the Basilica of Saint Servatius	Maastricht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ammasandra (sometimes referred to as Adityapatna) is a small township in Turuvekere taluk, Tumkur district in the state of Karnataka, India.	Ammasandra	Tumkur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aberdeen Reservoirs (Chinese: 香港仔水塘) are a group of two reservoirs, consisting of the Upper Aberdeen Reservoir (Chinese: 香港仔上水塘) and the Lower Aberdeen Reservoir (Chinese: 香港仔下水塘), in Aberdeen, Hong Kong.	Aberdeen Reservoirs	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dragoon Mountains are a range of mountains located in Cochise County, Arizona.	Dragoon Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tormish (Persian: ترميش‎, also Romanized as Tormīsh; also known as Torahmīsh and Toryamesh) is a village in Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District, Aras District, Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tormish	Gejlarat-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The F. A. Kennedy Steam Bakery is an historic bakery at 129 Franklin Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts that first produced the Fig Newton.	F. A. Kennedy Steam Bakery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alexander Library Building, in the Cultural Centre of Perth, Western Australia, houses the State Library of Western Australia, the J S Battye Library, and the State Records Office, in the Perth Cultural Precinct in Northbridge in Perth, Western Australia.	Alexander Library Building	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southstoke is a small village and civil parish in north east Somerset, England.	Southstoke	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knabstrup is a small railway town, with a population of 1,074 (as of January 1, 2015), at the railroad between Kalundborg and Holbæk in Holbæk Municipality, Region Zealand in Denmark.	Knabstrup	Holbæk Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valamazu (Persian: ولمازو‎, also Romanized as Valamāzū; also known as Valeh Mūzū) is a village in Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District, Kolbad District, Galugah County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valamazu	Kolbad-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naharkatiya (Assamese:নাহৰকটীয়া) (also spelt as Naharkatia or Nahorkatiya) is a town and a town area committee in Dibrugarh district in the Indian state of Assam.	Naharkatiya	Dibrugarh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Três Corações is a municipality in the south of Minas Gerais state in Brazil.	Três Corações	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drayton Bassett is a village and civil parish in the District of Lichfield, Staffordshire, England.	Drayton Bassett	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Sangari (Persian: چاه سنگري‎, also Romanized as Chāh Sangarī) is a village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chah Sangari	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludasht (Persian: لودشت‎, also Romanized as Lūdasht) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ludasht	Lafur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Highland Park Stadium, also known as CFD Investments Stadium, is a minor league baseball stadium located in the Highland Park in Kokomo, Indiana, U.S.	Highland Park Stadium	Kokomo
located in the administrative territorial entity	RCAF Station Assiniboia was a Second World War British Commonwealth Air Training Plan (BCATP) flying training station located near Assiniboia, Saskatchewan, Canada.	RCAF Station Assiniboia	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	CIBH-FM (known on-air as ``The Beach'') is a Canadian radio station located in Parksville, British Columbia.	CIBH-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinnacle Centre is a condominium tower complex in Toronto, Ontario.	Pinnacle Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Romallo (German: Ramöl, Ladin: Romàl) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Trento.	Romallo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taneh Raz (Persian: تنه رز‎) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Taneh Raz	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chomętów-Szczygieł (xɔˈmɛntuf ˈʂt͡ʂɨɡʲɛu̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skaryszew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chomętów-Szczygieł	Gmina Skaryszew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salak Tinggi is the capital of Sepang district in the state of Selangor, Malaysia.	Salak Tinggi	Sepang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubieniek (luˈbjɛɲɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lubieniek	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHMY-FM is the call sign of an English language radio station located in Renfrew, Ontario on the FM dial at 96.1 FM.	CHMY-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Treatment Plant of Melbourne Water is an 1,100ha sewage treatment plant, located in the suburb of Bangholme in Victoria, Australia, 31 km south-east of Melbourne's central business district.	Eastern Treatment Plant	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hongqiao District (simplified Chinese: 红桥区; traditional Chinese: 紅橋區; pinyin: Hóngqiáo Qū) is a district in the city of Tianjin, China.	Hongqiao District	Tianjin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heman R. Goodrich House is a private residence located 428 South Church Street in Hudson in west Lenawee County, Michigan.	Heman R. Goodrich House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Island Lake is a lake northwest of Charlotte, North Carolina created in 1924 to coincide with the building of Mountain Island Hydroelectric Station.	Mountain Island Lake	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rapaty-Sulimy (raˈpatɨ suˈlimɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rapaty-Sulimy	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scotstarvit Tower is a tower house in Fife, Scotland.	Scotstarvit Tower	Fife	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wangaratta (/wæŋɡəˈrætə/) is a cathedral city of over 17,000 people in the northeast of Victoria, Australia, approximately 230 km (140 mi) from Melbourne along the Hume Highway.	Wangaratta	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavaragera (ತಾವರಗೆರಾ, ತಾವರಗೆರೆ) is located in the northeast part of Koppal district, Karnataka, India.	Tavaragera	Koppal district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Spurr House is an historic house on Main Street in Charlton, Massachusetts.	John Spurr House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bednary-Wieś (bɛdˈnarɨ ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nieborów, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bednary-Wieś	Gmina Nieborów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maitland Volcano is a heavily eroded shield volcano that resides in the Northern Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	Maitland Volcano	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veriña is the smallest district (parroquia rural) of the municipality of Gijón / Xixón, in Asturias, Spain.	Veriña	Gijón
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trấn Quốc Pagoda (Vietnamese: Chùa Trấn Quốc, chữ Hán: 鎭國寺), the oldest Buddhist temple in Hanoi, is located on a small island near the southeastern shore of Hanoi's West Lake, Vietnam.	Trấn Quốc Pagoda	Hanoi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tyrifjorden is located in the county of Buskerud and borders the municipalities of Hole, Lier, Modum, and Ringerike.	Tyrifjorden	Hole	Lier	Modum	Ringerike
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Joseph Manigault House is a historic house museum at 350 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina that is owned and operated by the Charleston Museum.	Joseph Manigault House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Putre is a Chilean town and commune, capital of the Parinacota Province in the Arica-Parinacota Region.	Putre	Parinacota Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baramadpur is a village in Akhand Nagar block of Kadipur division of Sultanpur district in Uttar Pradesh, India.	Baramadpur	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chodków (ˈxɔtkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Chodków	Gmina Głowaczów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chowplu (Persian: چوپلو‎, also Romanized as Chowplū; also known as Choplī and Choplū) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chowplu	Takht-e Soleyman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clifton Campville is a village and civil parish in Staffordshire, England.	Clifton Campville	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	McFarland State Historic Park is a small historic park located in downtown Florence, Arizona on the corner of Main and Ruggles Streets.	McFarland State Historic Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western New England Institute for Psychoanalysis is a New Haven, Connecticut based institute which specializes in the training of the psychoanalysis of children, adolescents, and adults.	Western New England Institute for Psychoanalysis	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monksville Reservoir, known for its trophy size muskellunge, walleye, bass and trout, sits atop the defunct community of Monksville, New Jersey.	Monksville Reservoir	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Víziváros (meaning Watertown, Latin: Civitas Archiepiscopalis, German: Wasserstadt) is a neighborhood of Esztergom, Hungary on the right bank of the Danube, under the royal castle and the St. Adalbert Primatial Basilica.	Víziváros	Esztergom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hopeman (Scottish Gaelic: Hudaman) is a seaside village in Moray, Scotland, on the coast of the Moray Firth, founded in 1805 to house and re-employ people displaced during the Highland clearances.	Hopeman	Moray
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lorenzo State Historic Site is a mansion built by Colonel John Lincklaen, founder of the village of Cazenovia, New York.	Lorenzo State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurian (Persian: قوريان‎, also Romanized as Qūrīān, Qoryān, and Ghooriyan) is a village in Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qurian	Jolgeh-e Mazhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vengikkal is the Suburb of Tiruvannamalai city and a Third grade municipality in the Tiruvannamalai district of Tamil Nadu state of Indian sub-continent.	Vengikkal	Tiruvannamalai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Australian Fossil and Mineral Museum - Home of the Somerville Collection is located in the city of Bathurst in regional New South Wales Australia and was opened in July 2004.	Australian Fossil and Mineral Museum	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suffolk County Almshouse Barn is a historic hay and livestock barn located at Yaphank in Suffolk County, New York.	Suffolk County Almshouse Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelnuovo Bozzente is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy, about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Milan and 12 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Como.	Castelnuovo Bozzente	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ghana Planetarium is located behind the Ghana Police Headquarters in Cantonments, Accra.	Ghana Planetarium	Accra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Črni Kal (pronounced (ˈtʃəɾni ˈkaːu̯); Italian: San Sergio) is a village in southwestern Slovenia in the City Municipality of Koper.	Črni Kal	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canvey Island is a civil parish and reclaimed island in the Thames estuary in Essex, England.	Canvey Island	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hendrich's Drop Forge part of the LVR Industriemuseum is a museum in Solingen (German pronunciation: (ˈzoːlɪŋən)), a city in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Hendrich's Drop Forge	Solingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lechuty Małe (lɛˈxutɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Terespol, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Lechuty Małe	Gmina Terespol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Lillias is a narrow peninsula jutting southwards from the northern coast of Corio Bay, near the city of Geelong, in Victoria, Australia.	Point Lillias	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastbrook High School is a public school located outside Marion, Indiana.	Eastbrook High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bowes Museum has a nationally-renowned art collection and is situated in the town of Barnard Castle, Teesdale, County Durham, England.	Bowes Museum	Barnard Castle	County Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bissendorf (formerly Bissendorpe) is a municipality in the district of Osnabrück, in Lower Saxony, Germany.	Bissendorf	Osnabrück
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishi-ye Olya (Persian: بيشي عليا‎, also Romanized as Bīshī-ye ``Olyā; also known as Bī Shī) is a village in Zardalan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 11 families.	Bishi-ye Olya	Zardalan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Braemar Castle is situated near the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Braemar Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendocino and Headlands Historic District is a nationally recognized and locally protected historic district in Mendocino, California.	Mendocino and Headlands Historic District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pithari Taverna is a Greek restaurant located in Highland Park, New Jersey.	Pithari Taverna	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valilu (Persian: وليلو‎, also Romanized as Valīlū; also known as Vali and Valli) is a village in Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District, Khvajeh District, Heris County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Valilu	Bedevostan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrband (Persian: شهربند‎) is a village in Natel-e Restaq Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Shahrband	Natel-e Restaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Balch House (circa 1679, but for many years was purported to have been built in 1636), located at 448 Cabot Street, Beverly, Massachusetts, is one of the oldest wood-frame houses in the United States.	John Balch House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ilirney (Russian: Илирней; Chukchi: Илирнэй, lit. mountain island) is a rural locality (a selo) in Bilibinsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located southeast of Bilibino, on the banks of the Maly Anyuy River.	Ilirney	Bilibinsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Canyon of the Fraser is a short gorge on the Fraser River in north-central British Columbia about 30km upstream from the confluence of the Bowron River and about 100km due east of downtown Prince George, British Columbia.	Grand Canyon of the Fraser	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cvetojevac (Serbian: Цветојевац) is a village in the municipality of Aerodrom, Serbia.	Cvetojevac	Aerodrom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swanland is a village and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire in England.	Swanland	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toczyski Średnie (tɔˈt͡ʂɨski ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna Lacka, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Toczyski Średnie	Gmina Jabłonna Lacka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panj Zowj (Persian: پنج زوج‎) is a village in Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Panj Zowj	Japelaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barlin Acres (or the Keyes-Dakin House) was an historic house located at 284 School Street in Boylston, Massachusetts.	Barlin Acres	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	KIIC (96.7 FM) is a commercial radio station that serves the Albia, Iowa area.	KIIC	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Antebellum Home & Gardens is a former plantation house and 6 acres (24,000 m2) of landscaped gardens near downtown Birmingham, Alabama.	Arlington Antebellum Home & Gardens	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vakilabad-e Pain Jam (Persian: وكيل ابادپائين جام‎, also Romanized as Vakīlābād-e Pā’īn Jām; also known as Vakīlābād) is a village in Zam Rural District, Pain Jam District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Vakilabad-e Pain Jam	Zam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pine Island Fort and Manchester House were trading posts on Pine Island, a small narrow island on the North Saskatchewan River in Saskatchewan, Canada, from 1786 to 1793.	Pine Island Fort	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targhee Pass is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in the Henrys Lake Mountains, along the border between southeastern Idaho and southwestern Montana, at an elevation of 7072 feet (2156 m) above sea level.	Targhee Pass	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arthur Cook Building (built in 1928) is a designated historic building in the Central Business District, of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Arthur Cook Building	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lincoln Park Jewish Center is a Modern Orthodox synagogue located in 311 Central Park Avenue in Yonkers, New York.	Lincoln Park Jewish Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Margha (Persian: مرغا‎, also Romanized as Marghā; also known as Morghāb) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Margha	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khanchikot is a market center in Sandhikharka Municipality of Arghakhanchi District.	Khanchikot	Arghakhanchi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruanshin (Persian: روانشين‎, also Romanized as Rūānshīn) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Ruanshin	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oswego Canal is a canal in the New York State Canal System located in New York, United States.	Oswego Canal	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area is a state Wildlife Management Area along Chickamuxen Creek near the Potomac River in Charles County, Maryland.	Chicamuxen Wildlife Management Area	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Postel Abbey is a Premonstratensian abbey in the Belgian municipality of Mol in the province of Antwerp.	Postel Abbey	Mol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendrickson House is one of the oldest houses in the U.S. state of Delaware and one of the oldest surviving Swedish-American homes in the United States.	Hendrickson House	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World Golf Hall of Fame is located at World Golf Village near St. Augustine, Florida, in the United States, and it is unusual among sports halls of fame in that a single site honors both men and women.	World Golf Hall of Fame	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge Centre is a shopping mall in Cambridge, Ontario, Canada, located at 355 Hespeler Road.	Cambridge Centre	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brugnera is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Pordenone, with about 8,500 inhabitants.	Brugnera	Province of Pordenone
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frick Building is one of the major distinctive and recognizable features of Downtown Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States.	Frick Building	Pittsburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	013 is a music venue in Tilburg, the Netherlands.	013	Tilburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moriah Town Office Building is a historic town hall building, located at Port Henry in Essex County, New York, built in 1875.	Moriah Town Office Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pleasanton Fairgrounds Racetrack at the Alameda County Fairgrounds in Pleasanton, California is a one-mile (1.6 km / 8 f) race track for Thoroughbred, Quarter horse and Arabian racing.	Pleasanton Fairgrounds Racetrack	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Pinecrest Hotel (also known as the Maharishi School of Vedic Science) is a historic site in Avon Park, Florida, United States.	Old Pinecrest Hotel	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piazza Duca d'Aosta is a large and busy square in Milan, Italy, where Milan's Central Station, the Pirelli Tower and the city's business district is located.	Piazza Duca d'Aosta	Milan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burrage Pond Wildlife Management Area (or BPWMA) is located in the towns of Hanson, Massachusetts and Halifax, Massachusetts.	Burrage Pond Wildlife Management Area	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Norwood Country Park is a park in South Norwood, close to Elmers End station, mainly in the London Borough of Croydon.	South Norwood Country Park	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rion Hall is a late Federal style house near Halltown, West Virginia.	Rion Hall	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarapardeh (Persian: سراپرده‎, also Romanized as Sarāpardeh) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sarapardeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hout-Blerick (Limburgish: houbliërik) is a village in Limburg which is part of the municipality Venlo.	Hout-Blerick	Venlo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drybrook is a village and civil parish in the Forest of Dean in west Gloucestershire, England.	Drybrook	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham (or the Union Church and Parsonage) is a historic church at 128-130 Main Road in Tyringham, Massachusetts.	Methodist Episcopal Society of Tyringham	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weitnau is a municipality in the rural district Oberallgäu in Bavaria/Germany.	Weitnau	Oberallgäu
located in the administrative territorial entity	WSJE is a Catholic Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Summersville, West Virginia, serving Nicholas County, West Virginia.	WSJE	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abaresh (Persian: ابارش‎, also Romanized as Abāresh) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Abaresh	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judge Frank Cox House is a historic home located at Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia.	Judge Frank Cox House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wolcott Mill is a grist and feed mill located at 63841 Wolcott Road in Ray Township, Michigan.	Wolcott Mill	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owen Sound Billy Bishop Regional Airport or Billy Bishop Regional Airport, (IATA: YOS, ICAO: CYOS), is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) east of Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada in the Municipality of Meaford.	Owen Sound Billy Bishop Regional Airport	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Callahan Building is an historic commercial and residential building at 276 Lisbon Street in Lewiston, Maine.	First Callahan Building	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalaty (kaˈlatɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kalaty	Gmina Stoczek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mundo Maya International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional Mundo Maya) (IATA: GUA, ICAO: MGGT), formerly Flores International Airport as indicated by its 3-letter code, is an international airport located in the suburb of Santa Elena, in the city of Flores, Guatemala.	Mundo Maya International Airport	Flores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bliesgau is a district of the Saarland in Germany.	Bliesgau	Saarland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rybnovsky District (Russian: Ры́бновский райо́н; IPA: (ˈrɨbnəfskʲɪj rɐˈjɵn)) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the twenty-five in Ryazan Oblast, Russia.	Rybnovsky District	Ryazan Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rickmansworth (Church Street) railway station was a London and North Western Railway (LNWR) station in the town of Rickmansworth in west Hertfordshire, UK.	Rickmansworth (Church Street) railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmony, Arkansas is an unincorporated community located along Arkansas Highway 103 in Johnson County, Arkansas.	Harmony, Arkansas	Johnson County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Doane College Osterhout Arboretum is an arboretum at Doane College, Crete, Nebraska, named in honour of M. David Osterhout.	Doane College Osterhout Arboretum	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duyanggang Township (simplified Chinese: 独羊岗乡; traditional Chinese: 獨羊崗鄉; pinyin: Dúyánggǎng Xiāng) is a township of Xingtang County in western Hebei province, China, located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northeast of the county seat.	Duyanggang Township	Xingtang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arnol (Scottish Gaelic: Àrnol) is a small village typical of many settlements of the west coast of the Isle of Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Arnol	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paço de São Cristóvão (Portuguese pronunciation: (ˈpasu dʒi sɐ̃w kɾiʃˈtɔvɐ̃w), English: Palace of Saint Christopher; also known as Palácio Imperial or Palácio de São Cristóvão) is a palace located in the Quinta da Boa Vista park in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.	Paço de São Cristóvão	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sturt National Park is a protected national park that is located in the arid far north-western corner of New South Wales, in eastern Australia.	Sturt National Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Krosnowska (ˈvulka krɔsˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Krosnowska	Gmina Lipce Reymontowskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Morro National Monument is located on an ancient east-west trail in western New Mexico.	El Morro National Monument	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2008 Yingjiang earthquakes were a series of major earthquakes ranging from surface wave magnitude (Ms) 4.1 to 5.9 that struck Yingjiang County, Yunnan province, China between August 19 (in UTC; August 20 local time) and September 3.	2008 Yingjiang earthquakes	Yingjiang County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bernardo Fernandez House is located at 100 Tenant Ave in Pinole, California Bernardo Fernandez, who died at his home in Pinole yesterday after an illness of several weeks, was one of the oldest pioneer residents of Contra Costa county, having come to California in 1853 and settled in Pinole soon afterward.	Bernardo Fernandez House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marzewo (maˈʐɛvɔ) (German: Mahrau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Marzewo	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krupińskie (kruˈpiɲskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadowne, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krupińskie	Gmina Sadowne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeziorowo (jɛʑɔˈrɔvɔ) (German: Seedorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Jeziorowo	Gmina Szubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carinhall was the country residence of Hermann Göring, built on a large hunting estate northeast of Berlin in the Schorfheide forest between the lakes Großdöllner See and Wuckersee in the north of Brandenburg.	Carinhall	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Delaware River Drive was a state highway in the U.S. state of New Jersey.	Delaware River Drive	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastview High School is a comprehensive and college preparatory public high school located in District 196 which is in Apple Valley, Minnesota, USA.	Eastview High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marulew (maˈrulɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brudzew, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Marulew	Gmina Brudzew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redcliffe Plantation State Historic Site is a state park in South Carolina, USA.	Redcliffe Plantation State Historic Site	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	CKSE-FM is a Mainstream Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Estevan, Saskatchewan, Canada, serving Estevan, Saskatchewan in Canada and Divide and Burke counties in North Dakota, USA.	CKSE-FM	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KRUX (91.5 FM) is one of New Mexico State University's two radio stations, located in Las Cruces, New Mexico, USA.	KRUX	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Pudsey railway station is in Farsley, West Yorkshire, England, on the Caldervale Line from Leeds City to Bradford Interchange, Halifax, Huddersfield, Manchester Victoria, and Blackpool North.	New Pudsey railway station	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Completed in 1796, the Pawtucket Canal was originally built as a transportation canal to circumvent the Pawtucket Falls of the Merrimack River in East Chelmsford, Massachusetts.	Pawtucket Canal	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area code 864 is an area code in the U.S. state of South Carolina that covers Greenville, Spartanburg, Anderson and the other parts of upstate South Carolina.	Area code 864	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	47 Plaza Street West is an apartment building designed by the noted architect Rosario Candela and completed in 1928 in Park Slope, Brooklyn, New York City.	47 Plaza Street West	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandalakshsky District (Russian: Кандала́кшский райо́н) is an administrative district (a raion), one of the six in Murmansk Oblast, Russia.	Kandalakshsky District	Murmansk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The community of Lahntal is found in the Marburg-Biedenkopf district in northwest Middle Hesse, Germany.	Lahntal	Marburg-Biedenkopf	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canning Dock is a dock, on the River Mersey, England, and part of the Port of Liverpool.	Canning Dock	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabethtown Regional Airport (IATA: EKX, ICAO: KEKX, FAA LID: EKX), also known as Addington Field, is a public use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) west of the central business district of Elizabethtown, a city in Hardin County, Kentucky, United States.	Elizabethtown Regional Airport	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington Galleries bus station serves the town of Washington, Tyne and Wear, England.	Washington Galleries bus station	Tyne and Wear
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valadimeh (Persian: ولاديمه‎, also Romanized as Valādīmeh; also known as Valūdī) is a village in Zarem Rud Rural District, Hezarjarib District, Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Valadimeh	Zarem Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solniki Wielkie (sɔlˈniki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierutów, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Solniki Wielkie	Gmina Bierutów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commondale is a village and civil parish in the Scarborough district of North Yorkshire, England that lies within the North York Moors National Park.	Commondale	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freundin (meaning Girlfriend in English) is a German language fortnightly women's magazine published in Munich, Germany.	Freundin	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tigoa (Sometimes spelt Tingoa) is a village in the Solomon Islands, on Rennell Island.	Tigoa	Rennell Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renous-Quarryville (2010 population: 1000+) is a Canadian local service district in Northumberland County, New Brunswick.	Renous-Quarryville	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whittingehame Tower, or Whittingehame Castle, is a fifteenth-century tower house about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of East Linton, on the west bank of Whittinghame Water in East Lothian, Scotland.	Whittingehame Tower	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garus-e Sofla (Persian: گروس سفلي‎, also Romanized as Garūs-e Soflá; also known as Garūs and Garūs-e Pā’īn) is a village in Sahneh Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Garus-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozleworth is a village and civil parish in Gloucestershire, England, approximately 30 km (19 mi) south of Gloucester.	Ozleworth	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buffalo Bill Ranch State Historical Park, also known as Scout's Rest Ranch, is a living history state park located west of North Platte, Nebraska.	Buffalo Bill Ranch	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poręb (ˈpɔrɛmp) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żmudź, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Poręb	Gmina Żmudź
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aq Taqeh-ye Jadid (Persian: آق تقه جديد‎, also Romanized as Āq Taqeh-ye Jadīd) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Aq Taqeh-ye Jadid	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konarzewo-Sławki (kɔnaˈʐɛvɔ ˈswafki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Konarzewo-Sławki	Gmina Gołymin-Ośrodek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waltham Cross railway station, opened in 1840, is a railway station that serves Waltham Cross in Hertfordshire, England.	Waltham Cross railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coris District is one of 5 districts in the Aija Province, of the Ancash Region in Peru.	Coris District	Aija Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bugaj Radoszewicki (ˈbuɡai̯ radɔʂɛˈvit͡ski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemkowice, within Pajęczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Bugaj Radoszewicki	Gmina Siemkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	SAIL High School is a small public secondary school and a major magnet school located in Tallahassee, Florida.	SAIL High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Batchawana River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts of Ontario, Canada, which empties into Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior north of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario.	Batchawana River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heeg (West Frisian: Heech) is a small village in Súdwest Fryslân in the province Friesland of the Netherlands and has around 2550 citizens (2007).	Heeg	Súdwest Fryslân
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murian (Persian: موريان‎, also Romanized as Mūrīān, Mūrīyān, and Mūreyān; also known as Mūrīān-e Şaleḩābād, Hūrīān, and Şāleḩābād) is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Murian	Dorudfaraman Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jezfatan-e Sofla (Persian: جزفتن سفلي‎, also Romanized as Jezfaţan-e Soflá) is a village in Ganjabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jezfatan-e Sofla	Esmaili District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandusti (Persian: مندوستي‎, also Romanized as Mandūstī) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mandusti	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fürth (; East Franconian: Färdd) is a city located in northern Bavaria, Germany, in the administrative division (Regierungsbezirk) of Middle Franconia.	Fürth	Middle Franconia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tell Khazzami or Tell El Khazzami is a small prehistoric, Neolithic Tell, about 150 metres (490 ft) in diameter, located around 25 kilometres (16 mi) Southeast of Damascus in Syria.	Tell Khazzami	Damascus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katkan (Persian: كتكن‎, also known as Kat Kenār) is a village in Kunani Rural District, Kunani District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Katkan	Kunani Rural District	Kunani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cairnie, also written Cairney, (Scottish Gaelic: Càrnaidh) is a village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Cairnie	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Unitarian Church of Hobart is the oldest Unitarian Church in Indiana, and the oldest church still occupied by its original congregation in the city of Hobart.	First Unitarian Church of Hobart	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białusny Lasek (bjaˈwusnɨ ˈlasɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myszyniec, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białusny Lasek	Gmina Myszyniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sławno County (Polish: powiat sławieński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland, on the Baltic coast.	Sławno County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Hadley High School is a secondary school in South Hadley, Massachusetts for students in grades 9--12.	South Hadley High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Province of Reggio Emilia (Italian: Provincia di Reggio nell'Emilia) is one of the nine provinces of the Italian Region of Emilia-Romagna.	Province of Reggio Emilia	Emilia-Romagna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akhund Qeshlaq (Persian: اخوندقشلاق‎, also Romanized as Ākhūnd Qeshlāq; also known as Qeshlāq Ākhūnd) is a village in Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bonab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Akhund Qeshlaq	Benajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peter and Clotilde Shipe Mansbendel House is an historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin, Texas, United States.	Peter and Clotilde Shipe Mansbendel House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielgłowy (vjɛlˈɡwɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Subkowy, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wielgłowy	Gmina Subkowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bechet is a town in Dolj County, Oltenia, Romania, on the river Danube, opposite the Bulgarian city of Oryahovo.	Bechet	Dolj County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Bulla was a local government area located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Melbourne, the state capital of Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Bulla	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Philadelphia Arena was an arena used mainly for sporting events located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Philadelphia Arena	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaw Point is the name given to the point where the Kansas River terminates at the Missouri River in the West Bottoms area of Kansas City, Kansas.	Kaw Point	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sun Valley Charter High School was a small charter high school in Ramona, California, chartered by the Ramona Unified School District.	Sun Valley Charter High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjir Baghi (Persian: انجيرباغي‎, also Romanized as Anjīr Bāghī; also known as Enjīl Bāghī and Injil Bāqi) is a village in Sardaran Rural District, in the Central District of Kabudarahang County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Anjir Baghi	Sardaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbey Park High School or APHS is a secondary school located in the town of Oakville, Ontario in the Greater Toronto Area.	Abbey Park High School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Taylorville is a 1,200-acre (4.8 km²) reservoir located in Christian County, Illinois.	Lake Taylorville	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Figline Valdarno was a comune (municipality) in the Province of Florence in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Florence.	Figline Valdarno	Province of Florence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamzang (Persian: همزانگ‎, also Romanized as Hamzāng) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hamzang	Sirik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard J. Coffee Mercer County Park is a recreational park located mostly within West Windsor in Mercer County, New Jersey.	Mercer County Park	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Welsh House, also known as ``Rauhala,'' is a historic home located at Wyndmoor in Springfield Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	John Welsh House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalka (Hindi: कालका) is a town in the Panchkula district of Haryana, India.	Kalka	Panchkula district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garlinge is a village in the suburbs of Margate in Kent, United Kingdom, situated 2 km southwest of the centre of the town.	Garlinge	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eaglesham is a village in East Renfrewshire, Scotland, situated about 10 miles south of Glasgow, to the southeast of Newton Mearns, south of Clarkston, and southwest of East Kilbride.	Eaglesham	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zavehkuh (Persian: زاوه كوه‎, also Romanized as Zāvehkūh) is a village in Il Gavark Rural District, in the Central District of Bukan County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Zavehkuh	Il Gavark Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Academy High School is a 3A public high school located in Little River, Texas (USA).	Academy High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibdeh (Persian: سيب ده‎, also Romanized as Sībdeh) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sibdeh	Kelarestaq-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dushan Tappeh (Persian: دوشان تپه‎, also Romanized as Dūshān Tappeh and Dūshān Tapah) is a village in Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Chaldoran County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dushan Tappeh	Chaldoran-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	One of three waterfalls that surround the city of Owen Sound, Ontario, Canada, Inglis Falls is the best known and most visited.	Inglis Falls	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Second Free Baptist Church is a historic church building on Main Street, south of Church Street in Alton, New Hampshire, United States.	Second Free Baptist Church	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Run Expressway is a proposed four-lane expressway that would bypass Morgantown, West Virginia to the northeast, connecting Interstate 68 east of the city at milepost 7 to Interstate 79 north of the city.	West Run Expressway	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malgrate is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lecco, in the Italian region Lombardy.	Malgrate	Province of Lecco
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David S. Brown Store at 8 Thomas Street between Broadway and Church Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City was built in 1875-76 for a soap manufacturer.	David S. Brown Store	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cutcombe is a village and civil parish 9 miles (14 km) south of Minehead and north of Dulverton straddling the ridge between Exmoor and the Brendon Hills in Somerset.	Cutcombe	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Social and Public Art Resource Center (SPARC) is a non-profit community arts center based in Venice, California.	Social and Public Art Resource Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daultala (Urdu: دولتاله‎) is a town and union council located in Gujar Khan Tehsil, Rawalpindi District, Punjab, Pakistan.	Daultala	Gujar Khan Tehsil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzesimów (kʂɛˈɕimuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mełgiew, within Świdnik County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Krzesimów	Gmina Mełgiew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakeriyeh (Persian: شاكريه‎, also Romanized as Shākerīyeh) is a village in Allah-o Akbar Rural District, in the Central District of Dasht-e Azadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shakeriyeh	Allah-o Akbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Lobos is just south of Carmel-by-the-Sea, California, United States, at the north end of the Big Sur coast of the Pacific Ocean.	Point Lobos	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robat Tork (Persian: رباطترك‎, also Romanized as Robāţ Tork and Robāţ-e Tork; also known as Ribāt-i-Turk and Robāt-i-Turk) is a village in Hastijan Rural District, in the Central District of Delijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Robat Tork	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haiger is a country town in the Lahn-Dill-Kreis in Hesse, Germany.	Haiger	Lahn-Dill-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pallimadam or Pallipadi is a village situated on the outskirts of Tiruchuli in Virudhunagar district, Tamil Nadu on the eastern bank of the river Gundar.	Pallimadam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goirle (pronounced (ˈɣoːrlə)) is a municipality and town in the southern Netherlands, in the province of North Brabant.	Goirle	North Brabant
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buttermilk Bay is a neighborhood located in the Plymouth, Massachusetts village of South Plymouth.	Buttermilk Bay	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendricks County Airport (FAA LID: 2R2), also known as Gordon Graham Field, is a public airport at 2749 Gordon Graham Blvd. in Danville, a town in Hendricks County, Indiana, United States.	Hendricks County Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House, located at 132 North Oak in Gordon, Nebraska, is a historic house that was built in 1909.	Lee and Gottliebe Fritz House	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastgate Metroplex is an indoor mixed-use professional/retail complex in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Eastgate Metroplex	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Beverley Lake is a lake in southeastern Ontario, Canada, originally part of the original survey plan for the Rideau Canal, now just south of the Rideau Canal, separated from the Rideau system by a dam at Morton.	Lower Beverley Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arch of Campanus is an Ancient Roman funerary monument located in the commune of Aix-les-Bains, Savoie, Rhône-Alpes, France.	Arch of Campanus	Aix-les-Bains
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butte Mountains are a mountain range in White Pine County, Nevada; which is on the north of the White River Valley.	Butte Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KADR (1400 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Elkader, Iowa as well as Prairie du Chien, WI.	KADR	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wexford County Airport (IATA: CAD, ICAO: KCAD, FAA LID: CAD) is a general aviation airport located 2 miles (3 km) north of the city of Cadillac in Wexford County, Michigan, USA.	Wexford County Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Poughkeepsie Journal Building is the main office of that newspaper, in the city of Poughkeepsie, New York, USA.	Poughkeepsie Journal Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kodungoor is a small town in Kottayam district of Kerala state in India and is popularly known as ``Vazhoor''.	Kodungoor	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jian'ou (simplified Chinese: 建瓯; traditional Chinese: 建甌; pinyin: Jiàn'ōu) is a county-level city of Nanping in the north of Fujian province, China.	Jian'ou	Nanping
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Carson is a United States Army installation located near Colorado Springs, primarily in El Paso County, Colorado.	Fort Carson	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borovná (ˈborovnaː) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Borovná	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kano State is a state located in North-Western Nigeria.	Kano State	Nigeria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swift Run Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains located in the U.S. state of Virginia.	Swift Run Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasar Rebo (meaning Wednesday market) is a subdistrict (kecamatan) of East Jakarta, Jakarta, Indonesia.	Pasar Rebo	East Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piano dell'Acqua (Sicilian: Cianu i l'Acqua) is a hamlet near the town of Chiaramonte Gulfi on the southern province of Ragusa, in Sicily.	Piano dell'Acqua	Chiaramonte Gulfi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spittal of Glenshee lies at the head of Glenshee in the highlands of eastern Perth and Kinross, Scotland where the confluence of many small streams flowing south out of the Grampians form the Shee Water.	Spittal of Glenshee	Perth and Kinross
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willamette University School of Education was a master's degree-granting program at Willamette University in Salem, Oregon, United States.	Willamette University School of Education	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chub Tashan (Persian: چوب تاشان‎, also Romanized as Chūb Tāshān) is a village in Razavar Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Chub Tashan	Razavar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ramziyeh (Persian: رمزيه‎, also Romanized as Ramzīyeh) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ramziyeh	Esmailiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paradise Center in Sofia, Bulgaria is the largest mall in Bulgaria and the Balkans based on gross leasable area.	Paradise Center	Sofia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qalehgah-e Gudarz (Persian: قلعه گاه گودرز‎, also Romanized as Qal``ehgāh-e Gūdarz; also known as Qal``ehgāh) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 426, in 86 families.	Qalehgah-e Gudarz	Sara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhatapanahalli (Kannada: ಭಟಪನಹಳ್ಳಿ ) is a village in the Yelburga taluk of Koppal district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Bhatapanahalli	Koppal district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mieszki-Bardony (ˈmjɛʂki barˈdɔnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mieszki-Bardony	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 10 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 10گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 10 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 10 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurów Mały (ˈkuruf ˈmawɨ) (German: Klein Kauer) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jerzmanowa, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kurów Mały	Gmina Jerzmanowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Razmandegan (Persian: چاه رزمندگان‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Razmandegān; also known as Chāh-e Emām Khomeynī Shomāreh Do) is a village in Naharjan Rural District, Mud District, Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Razmandegan	Naharjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maizefield, often locally known as Maizeland, is a historic home on West Market Street (New York State Route 199) in the village of Red Hook, New York, United States.	Maizefield	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodridge Nature Reserve or Woodridge School Nature Reserve is a 0.7 hectare Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Woodside Park, London, owned and managed by the London Borough of Barnet.	Woodridge Nature Reserve	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavan-e Sofla (Persian: چوان سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chavān-e Soflá; also known as Chavān-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chavan-e Sofla	Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWAL (620 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a country format to the Wallace, Idaho, USA area.	KWAL	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harasimowicze-Kolonia (xaraɕimɔˈvit͡ʂɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Harasimowicze-Kolonia	Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasht-e Rangrizi (Persian: دشت رنگريزي‎, also Romanized as Dasht-e Rangrīzī) is a village in Juyom Rural District, Juyom District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dasht-e Rangrizi	Juyom Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ciergnon Castle, or the Royal Castle of Ciergnon (Château Royal de Ciergnon; Koninklijk kasteel van Ciergnon) is a residence and summer retreat of the Belgian Royal Family situated near the town of Ciergnon in the municipality of Houyet, province of Namur.	Royal Castle of Ciergnon	Houyet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zoviran (Persian: زويران‎, also Romanized as Zovīrān and Zoveyrān; also known as Zeverān and Zūwaīrān) is a village in Sarshiv Rural District, Sarshiv District, Marivan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Zoviran	Sarshiv Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalników (kalˈɲikuf) (Ukrainian: Кальників, Kal’nykiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stubno, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Kalników	Gmina Stubno
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wapta Icefield is located on the Continental Divide in the Waputik Mountains of the Canadian Rockies, in the provinces of British Columbia and Alberta.	Wapta Icefield	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Antelope Valley Solar Ranch 1 (AVSR1) is a 266-megawatt (MW) photovoltaic power plant near Lancaster within Antelope Valley, in the western Mojave Desert, Southern California.	Antelope Valley Solar Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kępa Okrzewska (ˈkɛmpa ɔˈkʂɛfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kępa Okrzewska	Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maperton is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 3 miles (4.8 km) south west of Wincanton in the South Somerset district.	Maperton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notre-Dame de Clignancourt (Our Lady of Clignancourt) is a Roman Catholic church located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Notre-Dame de Clignancourt	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mangavi (Persian: منگاوي‎, also Romanized as Mangāvī; also known as Mankāvī) is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Mangavi	Tork-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Haus Cumberland (simply translated as Cumberland House) is a Grade II listed building on the Kurfürstendamm avenue between Bleibtreu and Schlüterstraße in Charlottenburg, Berlin.	Haus Cumberland	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruthven Barracks (/ˈrɪvən/), near Ruthven in Badenoch, Scotland, are the smallest but best preserved of the four barracks built in 1719 after the 1715 Jacobite rising.	Ruthven Barracks	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bafang is a town and commune in Cameroon situated in the Haut-Nkam division of the West Province.	Bafang	Haut-Nkam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitfield Estates-Lantana Avenue Historic District is a U.S. historic district located in Whitfield Estates, north of Sarasota, Florida.	Whitfield Estates-Lantana Avenue Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodroffe North (also known as just Woodroffe) is a neighbourhood in Bay Ward in the west end of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Woodroffe North	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Biram (Persian: ده بيرم‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bīram; also known as Deh-e Bahrām) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Deh-e Biram	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandurriao is one of the seven districts of Iloilo City, located in the Philippines.	Mandurriao	Iloilo City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Rock Dam is a minor rock fill embankment dam with controlled chute spillway across the Tanjil River, located approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Moe, in the Central Gippsland region of Victoria, Australia.	Blue Rock Dam	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kronprinzenpalais (Crown Prince's Palace) is a landmark late Neoclassical-style building at one end of Unter den Linden in Berlin.	Kronprinzenpalais	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radruż (ˈradruʂ) (Ukrainian: Радруж, Radruzh) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Radruż	Gmina Horyniec-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Middlebrook encampment was a seasonal encampment of the Continental Army during the American War for Independence near Middle Brook in Bridgewater Township, New Jersey (between Martinsville and Bound Brook) in 1777 and again in 1778--79.	Middlebrook encampment	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaznahleh (Persian: گزنهله‎, also Romanized as Gaz Nahleh; also known as Ganzaleh and Gaznahād) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Gaznahleh	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fontbonne University is a co-ed liberal arts Catholic institution of approximately 3,000 students (including 120+ international students from 25+ countries) in Clayton, Missouri, a suburb of St. Louis.	Fontbonne University	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podole Małe (pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈmawɛ) (German: Klein Podel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Podole Małe	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shengao (Chinese: 沈高; pinyin: Shéngāo) is a town in Jiangyan District, Taizhou, south-central Jiangsu province, China.	Shengao	Jiangyan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adlershof (``Eagle's Court'') is a locality (Ortsteil) in the borough (Bezirk) Treptow-Köpenick of Berlin, Germany.	Adlershof	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duquesne Club is a private social club in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, founded in 1873.	Duquesne Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pine Meadow Historic District is a historic district in the town of New Hartford, in Litchfield County, Connecticut.	Pine Meadow Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehriz County (Persian: شهرستان مهریز‎) is a county in Yazd Province in Iran.	Mehriz County	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borzysław-Kolonia (bɔˈʐɨswaf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Borzysław-Kolonia	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang-e Malideh (Persian: سنگ مليده‎, also Romanized as Sang-e Malīdeh) is a village in Amjaz Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sang-e Malideh	Amjaz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jiuli District (simplified Chinese: 九里区; traditional Chinese: 九里區; pinyin: Jiǔlǐ Qū; literally: ``nine li'') is one of six districts of Xuzhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Jiuli District	Xuzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	AnMed Health Medical Center is a 461-bed acute care hospital at 800 N. Fant St. in Anderson, South Carolina.	AnMed Health Medical Center	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrzezino (mʐɛˈʑinɔ) (Kashubian: Mrzeżëno) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mrzezino	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Consumptives Hospital (Boston Sanatorium) is a historic tuberculosis hospital at 249 River Street in the Mattapan neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Boston Consumptives Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangennech is a village in the area of Llanelli, Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Llangennech	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Anjmin (Persian: مزرعه انجمين‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Ānjmīn) is a village in Sehhatabad Rural District in the Central District of Eshtehard County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 15 families.	Mazraeh-ye Anjmin	Eshtehard County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Carpentaria is a local government area in Far North Queensland, Australia on the Gulf of Carpentaria, for which it is named.	Shire of Carpentaria	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamizal National Memorial, located in El Paso, Texas, along the United States--	Chamizal National Memorial	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drewnowo-Lipskie (drɛvˈnɔvɔ ˈlipskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Drewnowo-Lipskie	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lapasari Village is near Rajkot city in Rajkot district in Gujarat State in India.	Lapasari	Rajkot district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakh Quli Khel is a Village and union council of Lakki Marwat District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.	Shakh Quli Khel	Lakki Marwat District
located in the administrative territorial entity	HMAS Ballarat (J184), named for the city of Ballarat, Victoria, was one of 60 Bathurst-class corvettes constructed during World War II and one of 20 built for the Admiralty but manned by personnel of and commissioned into the Royal Australian Navy (RAN).	HMAS Ballarat (J184)	Royal Australian Navy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewis County Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument is a historic American Civil War monument located at Lowville in Lewis County, New York.	Lewis County Soldiers' and Sailors' Monument	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Água Retorta is a civil parish in the municipality of Povoação, on the island of São Miguel in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Água Retorta	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Payson House at Thornhurst is an historic house at 48 Thornhurst Road in Falmouth, Maine.	Payson House at Thornhurst	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorkheh Hesar National Park lies with an area of 9,380 hectares (23,200 acres) and stands at an altitude of 1,547 metres (5,075 ft) above sea-level, near by Ray - Tehran 20th District, Tehran, Iran.	Sorkheh Hesar National Park	Tehran
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institute for Social Research (German: Institut für Sozialforschung) is a research organization for sociology and continental philosophy, best known as the institutional home of the Frankfurt School and critical theory.	Institute for Social Research	Frankfurt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stari Petlykivtsi (Ukrainian: Старі Петликівці) is a village in the Buchach Raion (district) of the Ternopil Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.	Stari Petlykivtsi	Buchach Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bottom of the Hill is a concert venue located in San Francisco, California, in the Potrero Hill district.	Bottom of the Hill	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sudbury District is a district in Northeastern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Sudbury District	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicholforest is a civil parish in Cumbria, England bordering Scotland.	Nicholforest	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oberstockensee is a small lake in the Canton of Bern, Switzerland.	Oberstockensee	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazul Rural District (Persian: دهستان مازول‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mazul Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yagh Kuh (Persian: ياغكوه‎, also Romanized as Yāgh Kūh) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Yagh Kuh	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Value City Arena at The Jerome Schottenstein Center is a multi-purpose arena, located on the campus of Ohio State University, in Columbus, Ohio, United States.	Value City Arena	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jakhangaon is a village in the Khatav Taluka (subdistrict) of the Satara district in the Indian state Maharashtra.	Jakhangaon	Satara district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yakima Area Arboretum (46 acres) is an arboretum in Yakima, Washington on a site adjoining the riparian habitat of the Yakima River.	Yakima Area Arboretum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kjølnes Lighthouse (Norwegian: Kjølnes fyr) is a coastal lighthouse located in Berlevåg Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.	Kjølnes Lighthouse	Berlevåg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Jafar (Persian: محمدجعفر‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Jaʿfar) is a village in Meydavud Rural District, Meydavud District, Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Jafar	Meydavud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehnab-e Mohammad Baqer (Persian: تازه ناب محمدباقر‎, also Romanized as Tāzehnāb-e Moḩammad Bāqer; also known as Pīr Ḩayāmī and Pīr Ḩayātī) is a village in Shaban Rural District, in the Central District of Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Tazehnab-e Mohammad Baqer	Shaban Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newnham on Severn is a village in west Gloucestershire, England.	Newnham on Severn	Gloucestershire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanlian (Chinese: 善琏) is a small town located in northern Zhejiang province in China, in the Nanxun District of the prefecture-level city Huzhou.	Shanlian	Nanxun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Milejowiec (milɛˈjɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozprza, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Milejowiec	Gmina Rozprza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peace Lutheran College is a co-educational, private boarding school located in Kamerunga in the city of Cairns, Queensland, Australia.	Peace Lutheran College	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sorlaci (Serbian Cyrillic: Сорлаци) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina	Sorlaci	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Damaneh (Persian: سيددامنه‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Dāmaneh) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Seyyed Damaneh	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	After the Act of Mediation, in 1803, Wileroltigen was assigned to the Canton of Bern despite the protests of the Canton of Fribourg.	Wileroltigen	Canton of Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahan Shahr (Persian: اهن شهر‎, also Romanized as Āhan Shahr) is a village in Mobarakeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bafq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Ahan Shahr	Mobarakeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shahid Dastgerdi Stadium (also known as PAS Tehran Stadium) (Persian: ورزشگاه شهيد دستگردی‎) is a football stadium located in the Ekbatan area of Tehran, Iran.	Shahid Dastgerdi Stadium	Ekbatan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunstanton Lifeboat Station is an RNLI operated lifeboat station located in the village of Old Hunstanton in the English county of Norfolk.	Hunstanton Lifeboat Station	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Shahdoost, Zahedan (Persian: چاه شه‌دوست‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Shahdoost, Zahedan	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ataléia This municipality is virtual located in the northeast of the state of Minas Gerais.	Ataléia	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh Bisheh (Persian: باغ بيشه‎, also Romanized as Bāgh Bīsheh; also known as Bāgh Pīshī) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bagh Bisheh	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newport American Legion Community Hut is a historic log meeting hall in Remmel Park, north of Remmel Avenue, in Newport, Arkansas.	Newport American Legion Community Hut	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faustianka (fausˈtjanka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rudniki, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Faustianka	Gmina Rudniki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Culrain (Cul Raoin) is a small village in Sutherland, Highland, Scotland.	Culrain	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zebina Šuma (Serbian Cyrillic: Зебина Шума) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zebina Šuma	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hoodoo River is a river in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located west of Hoodoo Mountain and the Twin River.	Hoodoo River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owens Valley is the arid valley of the Owens River in eastern California in the United States, to the east of the Sierra Nevada and west of the White Mountains and Inyo Mountains on the west edge of the Great Basin section.	Owens Valley	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keh Kusan (Persian: كه كوسان‎, also Romanized as Keh Kūsān; also known as Kageh Vasan, Kākeh Owsān, Kakowsān, Kalkūmān, Kekūsān, and Takavassan) is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Keh Kusan	Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crugmeer (Cornish: Krugmeur, great barrow) is a hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Crugmeer	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Gol (Persian: اقاگل‎, also Romanized as Āqā Gol) is a village in Yeylaq Rural District, in the Central District of Buin va Miandasht County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Aqa Gol	Yeylaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium (or Friedrich-Wilhelms-Gymnasium) was a secondary school (gymnasium) in Berlin that existed from 1797 until the end of the Second World War.	Friedrich Wilhelm Gymnasium	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Finlandia Hall is a congress and event venue in the centre of Helsinki on the Töölönlahti Bay.	Finlandia Hall	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieśle Małe (ˈt͡ɕɛɕlɛ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołaczkowo, within Września County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Cieśle Małe	Gmina Kołaczkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Gondeh (Persian: چشمه گنده‎; also known as Cheshmeh Gandāb and Cheshmeh Ḩamzeh ``Alī) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 134, in 25 families.	Cheshmeh Gondeh	Sefid Sang Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sillamäe (Russian: Силламяэ), known also in Germanized version as Sillamäggi or Sillamägi (Estonian for ``Bridge Hill''), is a town in Ida-Viru County in the northern part of Estonia, on the southern coast of the Gulf of Finland.	Sillamäe	Ida-Viru County
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKUF-LP (94.3 FM) is a student-run low-powered campus radio station located in Flint, Michigan.	WKUF-LP	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ordowt-e Kal (Persian: اردوت كل‎) is a village in Susan-e Gharbi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ordowt-e Kal	Susan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sullivan's Pond is a small artificial lake located in the community of Dartmouth in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.	Sullivan's Pond	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeyuan (Chinese: 冶源镇) is a town in Linqu County, Weifang, in Shandong province, China.	Yeyuan	Linqu County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CJT7), was located 9 nautical miles (17 km; 10 mi) south southwest of Upsala, Ontario, Canada.	Cushing Lake Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małkinie (mau̯ˈkiɲe) (German: Malkiehnen (1938-45:Malkienen)) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Małkinie	Gmina Ełk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Widforss Trail is a hiking trail located at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of Arizona.	Widforss Trail	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kadleroshilik Pingo (or Kadleroshilik Mound) is a pingo located about 40 kilometers (25 mi) southeast of Prudhoe Bay in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Kadleroshilik Pingo	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Metcalf Gap is a pass through the Palo Pinto Mountains in western Palo Pinto County, Texas.	Metcalf Gap	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahvan Cultivation and Husbandry Centre (Persian: كشت وصنعت ودامداري اهوان‎ -- Kesht va Sanʿat va Dāmdārī Ahvān; also known as Homā) is a company town and village in Golestan Rural District, in the Central District of Jajrom County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ahvan Cultivation and Husbandry Centre	Golestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wichita North High School, known locally as North, is a fully accredited high school located in Wichita, Kansas, USA, serving students in grades 9-12.	Wichita North High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caddo National Grassland is a National Grassland in the southern Great Plains, consisting of two separate sections located in northeastern and southeastern Fannin County, Texas, USA.	Caddo National Grassland	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaux-Arts Institute of Design (BAID) was an art and architectural school at 304 East 44th Street in Turtle Bay, Manhattan, in New York City.	Beaux-Arts Institute of Design	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFMQ (106.1 FM) is a commercial active rock radio station licensed to Gallup in the U.S. state of New Mexico.	KFMQ	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gåsvatnet (Southern Sami: Sarvejællanjaevrie) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county, Norway.	Gåsvatnet	Grane
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Shir Khan (Persian: قلعه شيرخان‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Shīr Khān and Qal``eh Shīr Khān) is a village in Qareh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 438, in 85 families.	Qaleh-ye Shir Khan	Qareh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk-e Nar Rural District (Persian: دهستان كوشكنار‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Kushk-e Nar District of Gavbandi(Parsian) County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kushk-e Nar Rural District	Kushk-e Nar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleksandrynów (alɛksanˈdrɨnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Aleksandrynów	Gmina Gostynin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skålevik is a place on the northern part of the island Flekkerøy in the municipality of Kristiansand, Norway.	Skålevik	Kristiansand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wysogotówek (vɨsɔɡɔˈtuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotlin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wysogotówek	Gmina Kotlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Monica Boulevard is a major west-east thoroughfare in Los Angeles County.	Santa Monica Boulevard	Los Angeles County
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCalls Ferry Farm, also known as the Robert and Matthew McCall Farm, Atkins-Trout Farm, and Kilgore Farm, is a historic farm and national historic district located at Lower Chanceford Township in York County, Pennsylvania.	McCalls Ferry Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Union Parish Airport (FAA LID: F87) is a public use airport in Union Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Union Parish Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riddle House is an old Edwardian house located in Palm Beach County, Florida.	Riddle House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hingni is a village in Wardha district, Maharashtra, India and Seloo tehsil, also referred to as ``Subhedar's Hingni''.	Hingni	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Bad (Persian: بادباد‎, also Romanized as Bād Bād and Bādbād) is a village in Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bad Bad	Borborud-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lakewood Stadium is a 10,000 seat stadium located in the Lakewood Heights neighborhood of southeast Atlanta, Georgia.	Lakewood Stadium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zardkam (Persian: زردكام‎, also Romanized as Zardkām; also known as Palang Posht) is a village in Ahmadsargurab Rural District, Ahmadsargurab District, Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Zardkam	Ahmadsargurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The civil parish of Tharston and Hapton lies in the south of the county of Norfolk, England.	Tharston and Hapton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mainz-Drais (Drais) is a borough in the western part of Mainz.	Drais	Mainz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pentre-rhew is a hamlet in the community of Llanddewibrefi, Ceredigion, Wales, which is 58.3 miles (93.9 km) from Cardiff and 169.6 miles (272.9 km) from London.	Pentre-rhew	Ceredigion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Park Central Mall was the first shopping mall in Phoenix, Arizona, It is located in Encanto Village, on Central Avenue and Osborn Road.	Park Central Mall	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gundy is a locality in the Hunter Region of New South Wales, Australia.	Gundy	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hillbrow Tower (JG Strijdom tower) is a tall tower located in the suburb of Hillbrow in Johannesburg, South Africa.	Hillbrow Tower	Johannesburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liverpool City Council is the governing body for the city of Liverpool in Merseyside, England.	Liverpool City Council	Merseyside
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kristins Hall is an arena located at Stampesletta in Lillehammer, Norway.	Kristins Hall	Stampesletta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berglund Center (originally called the Roanoke Civic Center) is a 9,828-seat multi-purpose arena located in the Williamson Road neighborhood of Roanoke, Virginia.	Berglund Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ashkezar County () is a county in Yazd Province in Iran.	Ashkezar County	Yazd Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chintheche is a settlement in the Nkhata Bay District of the Northern Region of Malawi.	Chintheche	Nkhata Bay District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stuart Fork Trinity River (also called Stuart's Fork) is a 23-mile (37 km) tributary of the Trinity River in the U.S. state of California.	Stuart Fork Trinity River	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marshall's Grove is a historic plantation house near Selma, Dallas County, Alabama.	Marshall's Grove	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gravenhurst railway station is located in the community of Gravenhurst in Ontario, Canada.	Gravenhurst railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trident (54°10′S 37°5′W) is Poseidon's(Angel Gabriel Garcia's) ridge surmounted by three peaks, the highest 1,335 m, standing at the east side of Briggs Glacier in South Georgia, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands.	The Trident	South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drysdale River National Park is a national park in the Kimberley region of Western Australia (Australia), 2,168 kilometres (1,347 mi) northeast of Perth.	Drysdale River National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barron Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station (or Barron Gorge Hydro) in Queensland, Australia is an electricity power station commissioned in 1963 with a maximum capacity of 66 megawatts (89,000 hp).	Barron Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garazan-e Pain (Persian: گرازان پايين‎, also Romanized as Garāzān-e Pā’īn) is a village in Maspi Rural District, in the Central District of Abdanan County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Garazan-e Pain	Maspi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Efenechtyd is a hamlet in deep and remote valley in Denbighshire, Wales which contains the Church of St Michael and All Angels.	Efenechtyd	Denbighshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. James Colored Methodist Episcopal Church (St. James C.M.E. Church; St. James Christian Methodist Episcopal Church) is a historic church at 408 N. Border Avenue in Tyler, Texas, United States.	St. James Colored Methodist Episcopal Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prawocice (pravɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) (German: Probotschütz, 1936--1945 Wiesenbrunn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Prawocice	Gmina Zawonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Florianópolis (Portuguese pronunciation: (floɾi.aˈnɔpolis)) is the capital city and second largest city of the state of Santa Catarina, in the South region of Brazil.	Florianópolis	Santa Catarina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loudoun Valley is a small, but historically significant valley in the Blue Ridge Mountains located in Loudoun County in northwestern Virginia in the United States.	Loudoun Valley	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niechmirów (ɲexˈmiruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin, within Sieradz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niechmirów	Gmina Burzenin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remagen station is on the Left Rhine line (German: Linke Rheinstrecke) in the city of Remagen in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.	Remagen station	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norwalk rail accident occurred on May 6, 1853, in Norwalk, Connecticut and was the first major U.S. railroad bridge disaster; 48 were killed when a train travelling at 50 mph plunged into the Norwalk Harbor off of an open draw (swing) bridge.	Norwalk rail accident	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dennis Hof's Love Ranch, known as the Cherry Patch Ranch prior to 2010, is one of two brothels in Crystal, Nevada.	Dennis Hof's Love Ranch	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crypt Falls is a waterfall in southwestern Alberta in Waterton Lakes National Park.	Crypt Falls	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Covingham is an urban village and civil parish in Wiltshire, England, now part of the built-up area of the Borough of Swindon.	Covingham	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shultz-Funk Site (36LA7 and 36LA9) is a prehistoric archaeological site located at Manor Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Shultz-Funk Site	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	View Royal is a town in Greater Victoria and a member municipality of the Capital Regional District of British Columbia, Canada.	View Royal	Capital Regional District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bahrain National Stadium (Arabic: ستاد البحرين الوطني‎; transliterated: Stād al-Bahrayn al-Watanī) is the national stadium of Bahrain, located in East Riffa.	Bahrain National Stadium	Riffa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dubrower Berge are an ice age range of hills (end moraines) in the German state of Brandenburg.	Dubrower Berge	Brandenburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ganado Airport (FAA LID: 85V) is a public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) east of the central business district of Ganado, in Apache County, Arizona, United States.	Ganado Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Qeytan (Persian: قره قيطان‎, also Romanized as Qarah Qeyţān) is a village in Marzdaran Rural District, Marzdaran District, Sarakhs County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qarah Qeytan	Marzdaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonita Vista High School (BVH) is a public, four-year (grade levels 9--12) high school located in the city of Chula Vista, California.	Bonita Vista High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Pearson Soda Works, also referred to as the Placerville Soda Works, is a historic rustic vernacular Victorian brick building in Placerville, El Dorado County, California.	John Pearson Soda Works	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seend Cleeve is a large hamlet or sub-village immediately west of Seend in Wiltshire, England.	Seend Cleeve	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fordstreet or Ford Street is a village on the A1124 road, in the civil parish of Aldham in the Colchester district in Essex, England.	Fordstreet	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qara Cheshmeh (Persian: قاراچشمه‎, also Romanized as Qārā Cheshmeh also known as Qarah Cheshmeh and Qareh Cheshmeh) is a village in Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Qara Cheshmeh	Takht-e Jolgeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choi Sai Woo Park (Chinese: 賽西湖公園) is an urban park located near the top of Braemar Hill at Braemar Hill Road, Hong Kong.	Choi Sai Woo Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Capreol railway station, located in the community of Capreol, Ontario, Canada, is a stop for Via Rail's transcontinental The Canadian train service.	Capreol railway station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichenek (liˈxɛnɛk) (German: Klagenhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babiak, within Koło County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Lichenek	Gmina Babiak
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Hanover Township School District is a consolidated public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from two communities in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	New Hanover Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk Sar (Persian: كوشك سار‎, also Romanized as Kūshk Sār and Kūshk-e Sār) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District, Simakan District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Kushk Sar	Simakan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sikory-Bartyczki (ɕiˈkɔrɨ barˈtɨt͡ʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Sikory-Bartyczki	Gmina Kobylin-Borzymy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Creek Gardens is an affluent residential neighborhood in Northwest, Washington, D.C. It is bounded by West Beach Drive to the east and northeast, Parkside Drive to the south and southwest, and Rock Creek Park to the northeast.	Rock Creek Gardens	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Coffin Point Plantation Caretaker's House, located in the Frogmore area of Beaufort County, South Carolina and in the shadows of the nearby Coffin Point Plantation, was built in 1892 as a residence for the plantation's caretaker.	Coffin Point Plantation Caretaker's House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Darreh-ye Amirabad (Persian: چشمه دره اميراباد‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh Darreh-ye Amīrābād; also known as Cheshmeh Darreh) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Darreh-ye Amirabad	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qumig (Chinese: 曲美乡) is a village and township of Samzhubzê District (Shigatse City), in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Qumig	Samzhubzê District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targowiska (tarɡɔˈviska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miejsce Piastowe, within Krosno County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Targowiska	Gmina Miejsce Piastowe
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosenberg Railroad Museum is a non-profit organization located at 1921 Avenue F, Rosenberg, Texas and maintains exhibits relating to local railroad history.	Rosenberg Railroad Museum	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastland Gardens is a small residential neighborhood, located in northeast Washington, D.C. It is bounded by Eastern Avenue NE to the north, the Watts Branch Tributary to the south, CSX Transportation tracks to the east and the Anacostia River to the west.	Eastland Gardens	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdziwój Stary (ˈzd͡ʑivui̯ ˈstarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zdziwój Stary	Gmina Chorzele
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beishi District (simplified Chinese: 北市区; traditional Chinese: 北市區; pinyin: Běishì Qū; literally: ``North City'') is a district of Baoding, Hebei, People's Republic of China.	Beishi District	Baoding
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport (ICAO: KMEZ, FAA LID: MEZ) is a city owned, public use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Mena, a city in Polk County, Arkansas, United States.	Mena Intermountain Municipal Airport	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michałów Pierwszy (miˈxawuf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatówek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Michałów Pierwszy	Gmina Opatówek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bredhurst is centred on The Bell Inn and Bredhurst Church of England primary school.	Bredhurst	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goenshari Gewog (Dzongkha: དགོམ་ཤ་རི་) is a gewog (village block) of Punakha District, Bhutan.	Goenshari Gewog	Punakha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brough of Birsay is an uninhabited tidal island off the north-west coast of The Mainland of Orkney, Scotland, in the parish of Birsay.	Brough of Birsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Awagarh is a historic town and a Nagar Panchayat in Etah district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Awagarh	Etah district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morefar Back O'Beyond is a secretive, little-used private golf course located on 500 acres (2.0 km2) in both Danbury, Connecticut and Southeast, New York.	Morefar Back O'Beyond	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tusket River is a Canadian river located in Nova Scotia's Yarmouth County.	Tusket River	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trigo Fire was a disastrous wildfire in New Mexico, United States of America that occurred during April and May 2008.	Trigo Fire	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canby's Cross is located in Lava Beds National Monument, about 3 miles south of Tule Lake, and 5 miles south-southwest of the town of Tulelake, California.	Canby's Cross	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Qusayr District (Arabic: منطقة القصير, translit.: manṭiqat al-Qusair) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria.	Al-Qusayr District	Homs Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Municipal Inn is a historic structure located in LeClaire Park along the Mississippi River in downtown Davenport, Iowa, United States.	Municipal Inn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vieux Carré Riverfront Expressway was a controversial, mostly-elevated, never-built freeway that would have cut through the French Quarter (Vieux Carré) of New Orleans, Louisiana.	Vieux Carré Riverfront Expressway	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cusop is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England that lies next to the town of Hay-on-Wye in Wales.	Cusop	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Melba Gully State Park was formed to protect a small pocket of natural rainforest in the Otway Ranges near Apollo Bay in Victoria (Australia).	Melba Gully State Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ko Phi is a small unoccupied island near Ko Mak, in Trat Province, Thailand.	Ko Phi	Ko Mak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School (BLMCSS) is a secondary school in Sha Tin, Hong Kong, near Lek Yuen Estate.	Baptist Lui Ming Choi Secondary School	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Altrua is a small hamlet, on the south east shore of Loch Lochy, on the A82 road, close to Letterfinlay, Spean Bridge, in Inverness-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Altrua	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sard Khaneh (Persian: سردخانه‎, also Romanized as Sard Khāneh) is a village in Baqeran Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sard Khaneh	Baqeran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gereh Govabar (Persian: گره گوابر‎, also Romanized as Gereh Govābar) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gereh Govabar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kozalin (kɔˈzalin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kozalin	Gmina Raciąż
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balmullo (Gaelic: Baile Mhullaich) is a village in Fife, Scotland.	Balmullo	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fawdington is a hamlet and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England.	Fawdington	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willenburg, also called the Schlössle, is a ruined hill castle near Schiltach in the county of Rottweil in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Willenburg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avanj (Persian: اونج‎, also Romanized as Āvanj and Evanj) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Avanj	Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourtons is a civil parish in the Cherwell district of Oxfordshire, England, including Great Bourton and Little Bourton.	Bourtons	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aklimpur is a small Brahman village in Sohna Mandal, Gurgaon District in the state of Haryana, India.	Aklimpur	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allah Yar (Persian: الله يار‎, also Romanized as Āllah Yār) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Allah Yar	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecret Lake (pronounced like Secret) is a small alpine lake in Albion Basin near Alta in the U.S. state of Utah.	Cecret Lake	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hibbing Community College is a community college located in Hibbing, Minnesota, United States.	Hibbing Community College	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center is a non-profit organization that provides primary healthcare in Washington and Yamhill counties in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Virginia Garcia Memorial Health Center	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traben-Trarbach on the Middle Moselle is a town in the Bernkastel-Wittlich district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Traben-Trarbach	Bernkastel-Wittlich
located in the administrative territorial entity	The City of Culture of Galicia (Galician: Cidade da Cultura de Galicia or simply Cidade da Cultura) is a complex of cultural buildings in Santiago de Compostela, A Coruña, Galicia, Spain, designed by a group of architects led by Peter Eisenman.	City of Culture of Galicia	Santiago de Compostela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purna is a town with a municipal council in Parbhani district in the Indian state of Maharashtra.	Purna	Parbhani district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue Elzévir is a street located in the part of Le Marais in the 3rd arrondissement, Paris, France.	Rue Elzévir	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bronówko (brɔˈnufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój, within Świdwin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bronówko	Gmina Połczyn-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Zaman Khan (Persian: محمدزمانخان‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Zamān Khān) is a village in Chehel Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Zaman Khan	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nong Kula (Thai: หนองกุลา) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province, Thailand.	Nong Kula	Bang Rakam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Columbus State University is a public institution of higher learning located in Columbus, Georgia.	Columbus State University	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lay Raz (Persian: لاي رز‎, also Romanized as Lāy Raz) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Lay Raz	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Copinsay (Old Norse: Kolbeinsey) is one of the Orkney Islands in Scotland, lying off the east coast of the Orkney Mainland.	Copinsay	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solomon Pond Mall is operated by Simon Property Group, which owns 49.1% of it, and is located off Interstate 290, near its terminus at Interstate 495, in Marlborough, Massachusetts.	Solomon Pond Mall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatt-e Ahi (Persian: خطاهي‎, also Romanized as Khaţţ-e Āhī) is a village in Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahmudabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khatt-e Ahi	Harazpey-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The County of Los Angeles Public Library is the 6th largest public library system in the United States which serves residents living in 50 of the 88 incorporated cities of Los Angeles County, California.	County of Los Angeles Public Library	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burr's Ferry Bridge is a bridge on the Sabine River where LA 8 meets Texas State Highway 63 at the Louisiana and Texas state lines.	Burr's Ferry Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arvieux is a French commune of the Hautes-Alpes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region of south-eastern France.	Arvieux	Hautes-Alpes
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tom Lantos Tunnels are two tunnels located within the coastal promontory of Devil's Slide in California, United States, allowing State Route 1 to bypass the treacherous Devil's Slide stretch.	Tom Lantos Tunnels	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Death Canyon Shelf is a narrow plateau located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	Death Canyon Shelf	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odmęt (ˈɔdmɛnt) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mędrzechów, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Odmęt	Gmina Mędrzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claines is a small village just to the north of Worcester, England, on the east bank of the River Severn.	Claines	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Breadline Cafe is an American-style restaurant, coffeehouse and bakery located in Omak, Washington, a city in the Okanogan region of United States.	Breadline Cafe	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Chicken is a KFC restaurant in Marietta, Georgia, which features a 56-foot-tall (17 m) steel-sided structure designed in the appearance of a chicken rising up from the top of the building.	Big Chicken	Marietta
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Square Cinema (1970-2005) is a former art house cinema located in Downtown New Haven, Connecticut, USA.	York Square Cinema	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gushkhani (Sorani Kurdish: گۆشخانی, Persian: گوشخانی‎, also Romanized as Gūshkhānī; also known as Goshkhāneh and Qoshkhāneh) is a village in Razab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Gushkhani	Razab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borvayeh-ye Yusef (Persian: بروايه يوسف‎, also Romanized as Borvāyeh-ye Yūsef) is a village in Elhayi Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Borvayeh-ye Yusef	Elhayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maj. Gen. Lord Stirling Quarters, also known as Homestead Farm (1880) and Echo Valley Farms (1926-1973), is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Maj. Gen. Lord Stirling Quarters	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bartow Downtown Commercial District (also known as the Old Polk County Courthouse) is a historic district in central Bartow, Florida.	Bartow Downtown Commercial District	Florida	Bartow, Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mississippi Palisades State Park, is a National Natural Landmark located in Carroll County, Illinois just north of the town of Savanna.	Mississippi Palisades State Park	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farmers and Mechanics Building is a historic ``skyscraper'' located in West Chester, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Farmers and Mechanics Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tysons Corner Communications Tower, also known as Site E, is a classified United States military microwave tower located in Tysons Corner, Virginia.	Tysons Corner Communications Tower	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Domus Aurea (Latin, ``Golden House'') was a large landscaped portico villa built by the Emperor Nero in the heart of ancient Rome, after the great fire in A.D. 64 had cleared away the aristocratic dwellings on the slopes of the Palatine Hill.	Domus Aurea	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Fortune is a village in East Lothian, Scotland, located 2 miles (3 km) north west of East Linton.	East Fortune	East Lothian
located in the administrative territorial entity	Płośno (ˈpwɔɕnɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Płośno	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fleury Abbey (Floriacum) in Saint-Benoît-sur-Loire, Loiret, France, founded about 640, is one of the most celebrated Benedictine monasteries of Western Europe, which possesses the relics of St. Benedict of Nursia.	Fleury Abbey	Saint-Benoît-sur-Loire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebsabad (Persian: حبس اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩebsābād; also known as Ḩefz̧ābād) is a village in Daman Kuh Rural District, in the Central District of Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hebsabad	Daman Kuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calvert Manor is a historic apartment building located at 1925-1927 North Calvert Street in Arlington, Virginia.	Calvert Manor	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Hassan, Zahedan (Persian: چاه حسین‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Hassan, Zahedan	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ławny Lasek (ˈwavnɨ ˈlasɛk) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ławny Lasek	Gmina Piecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Southwest Branch Saint John River is a 49.7 kilometres (30.9 mi) river in Somerset County, Maine.	Little Southwest Branch Saint John River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berkåk is a village and administrative centre of the municipality of Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Berkåk	Rennebu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valfloriana (German: Welsch-Flörian) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Trento.	Valfloriana	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essex Memorial Arena was an ice-hockey arena in Essex, Ontario, Canada constructed in 1960-1961.	Essex Memorial Arena	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burtscheid (Latin language: Porcetum) is a town in western Germany, near Aachen.	Burtscheid	Aachen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buctzotz Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``dress made of hair'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (543.45 km2) of land and is located roughly 95 kilometres (59 mi) northeast of the city of Mérida.	Buctzotz Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ta'um (Arabic: طعوم‎, also spelled Tu'um or Taoum) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of the Idlib Governorate, located northeast of Idlib.	Ta'um	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lempster Meetinghouse (Union Hall) is a historic meeting house and town hall on Lempster Street in Lempster, New Hampshire.	Lempster Meetinghouse	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Matiaszowa (ˈvɔla matjaˈʂɔva) (Ukrainian: Воля Матіяшова, Volia Matiyashova) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solina, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Matiaszowa	Gmina Solina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wakema Township (Burmese: ဝါးခယ်မမြို့နယ် (wákʰɛ̀ma̰ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is a township of Myaungmya District in the Ayeyarwady Region of Myanmar.	Wakema Township	Myaungmya District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edward B. Seymour House is a historic home located on the Germantown-Mount Airy neighborhood boundary of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Edward B. Seymour House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pangborn Memorial Airport (IATA: EAT, ICAO: KEAT, FAA LID: EAT) is a public use airport in Douglas County, Washington, United States.	Pangborn Memorial Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadun (Persian: احمدون‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadūn; also known as Aḩmadān) is a village in Fishvar Rural District, Evaz District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ahmadun	Fishvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The London Public Library is the public library system of London, Ontario, Canada.	London Public Library	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh Dar (Persian: بنه دار‎, also Romanized as Boneh Dār; also known as Banī Dar, Beni Dar, Boney Darreh, and Bonīdar) is a village in Negel Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Boneh Dar	Negel Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koumantou is a commune and town in Mali, in the Cercle of Bougouni in the Sikasso Region.	Koumantou	Sikasso Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Shirley High School is a coeducational school with academy status serving the local community of Upper Shirley in Southampton.	Upper Shirley High School	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The G.W.C. Whiting School of Engineering, is a division of the Johns Hopkins University located in the university's Homewood campus in Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Whiting School of Engineering	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Tabarak (Persian: قلعه تبرك‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Tabarak and Qal``eh-ye Tabārok) is a village in Bazoft Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 109, in 17 families.	Qaleh-ye Tabarak	Bazoft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neskantaga First Nation (formerly known as Lansdowne House Indian Band) is a remote Oji-Cree First Nation band government in the northern reaches of the Canadian province of Ontario, situated along the shore of Attawapiskat Lake in the District of Kenora.	Neskantaga First Nation	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWLL (105.7 FM) is a radio station known as ``105.7 Lite FM'' which broadcasts from Sebring, in Highlands County, Florida, USA.	WWLL	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dallastown Area School District is a large, suburban, public school district serving the Boroughs of Dallastown, Jacobus, Loganville, and Yoe and Springfield Township and York Township in York County, Pennsylvania.	Dallastown Area School District	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Hatchet Peak is the high point of the Big Hatchet Mountains, a small but rugged range in the southwest corner (the ``Bootheel'') of New Mexico, in the United States.	Big Hatchet Peak	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gandomkal (Persian: گندمكال‎, also Romanized as Gandomkāl; also known as Gandomkār) is a village in Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Charusa District, Kohgiluyeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Gandomkal	Tayebi-ye Sarhadi-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lashsar (Persian: لش سر‎) is a village in Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District, Kelardasht District, Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lashsar	Kelardasht-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Diz (Persian: قشلاق ديز‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Dīz) is a village in Shal Rural District, Shahrud District, Khalkhal County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Diz	Shal Rural District	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caherconlish (Irish: Cathair Chinn Lis) is a village in County Limerick, Ireland.	Caherconlish	County Limerick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarab-e Dehlor (Persian: سراب دهلر‎, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dehlor) is a village in Khezel-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarab-e Dehlor	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobsko (ˈdɔpskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeziora Wielkie, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Dobsko	Gmina Jeziora Wielkie
located in the administrative territorial entity	90 West Street (alternatively West Street Building) is a building in Lower Manhattan, New York City designed by architect Cass Gilbert and structural engineer Gunvald Aus for the West Street Improvement Corporation.	90 West Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cagnò (Ladin: Cignòu, German: Kanau) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Trento.	Cagnò	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khadem Kandi (Persian: خادم كندي‎, also Romanized as Khādem Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Khadem Kandi	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WGTR is a country music radio station owned by iHeartMedia, Inc. licensed to Bucksport, South Carolina and serves the Myrtle Beach area.	WGTR	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarasota National Cemetery is a 295-acre (119 ha) United States National Cemetery located near Sarasota, Sarasota County, Florida.	Sarasota National Cemetery	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talkhab-e Shirin (Persian: تلخاب شيرين‎, also Romanized as Talkhāb-e Shīrīn and Talkh Āb-e Shīrīn) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District, in the Central District of Gachsaran County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Talkhab-e Shirin	Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawice (kaˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Koitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kawice	Gmina Prochowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Goshen Historic District is a historic district in the village of West Goshen in the town of Goshen, Connecticut.	West Goshen Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Creation Museum, located in Petersburg, Kentucky, USA, is operated by the Christian Creationist apologetics ministry Answers in Genesis (AiG) to promote a Young Earth creationist explanation of the origins of the universe based on a literal interpretation of the Genesis creation narrative.	Creation Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harvey Randall Wickes Memorial Stadium, known simply as Wickes Stadium, is a 6,300-seat football stadium located in University Center, Michigan, as part of the Ryder Center sports complex on the Saginaw Valley State University campus.	Harvey Randall Wickes Memorial Stadium	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeghnajur (Armenian: Եղնաջուր, also Romanized as Eghnajur; formerly, Chivinli and Ch’invinli) is a village in the rural community of Garnarich in the Shirak Province of Armenia.	Yeghnajur	Garnarich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valgrana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) southwest of Turin and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Cuneo.	Valgrana	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Edarikode is a village near the Ayurveda town of Kottakkal, in Malappuram district of Kerala state.	Edarikode	Malappuram district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	88 Wood Street is a commercial skyscraper in London, located on Wood Street in the City of London.	88 Wood Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gangteng Gewog (Dzongkha: སྒང་སྟེང་) is a gewog (village block) of Wangdue Phodrang District, Bhutan.	Gangteng Gewog	Wangdue Phodrang District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dehuk (Persian: دهوك‎, also Romanized as Dehūk and Dehook; also known as Dāhu, Dehak, and Dehū) is a village in Tasuj Rural District, Shonbeh and Tasuj District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Dehuk	Tasuj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Central Parkway (GCP) is a 14.61-mile (23.51 km) long parkway that stretches from the Triborough Bridge in New York City to Nassau County on Long Island.	Grand Central Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murarpalayam, also known as Murar Badu, is a large village in the Viluppuram District, in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Murarpalayam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bernie Wolfe Community School is a Kindergarten to grade 8 school that is part of River East Transcona School Division in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Bernie Wolfe Community School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raymont Lodge is a heritage-listed student residential college located in Auchenflower, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Raymont Lodge	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ardis Furnace is an abandoned experimental blast furnace located at the northeast corner of Aragon and Antoine Streets (accessible from US-2) in Iron Mountain, Michigan.	Ardis Furnace	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Keshtuiyeh (Persian: كشتوئيه‎, also Romanized as Keshtū’īyeh; also known as Geshītū’īyeh, Geshtū-īyeh, Gīshītūnīyeh, and Keshītū-īyeh) is a village in Sirch Rural District, Shahdad District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Keshtuiyeh	Sirch Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WUGN (997 Family Life Radio ) is a non-commercial Christian FM radio station in Midland, Michigan, operating on 99.7 MHz. The station broadcasts with 100,000 watts from a 997-foot tower, giving it a strong signal throughout the middle of the mitten of Michigan from Houghton Lake southward to Lansing and Flint.	WUGN	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	England and Harlequins RFC fly-half Adrian Stoop (after whom the Harlequins ground in Twickenham is named) lived in The Grange in Hartley Wintney.	Hartley Wintney	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arden Street Oval (currently known as Aegis Park due to sponsorship reasons, and also known as the North Melbourne Cricket Ground) is a sports oval in North Melbourne, Victoria.	Arden Street Oval	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Municipally, Strathroy-Caradoc is situated within Middlesex County.	Strathroy-Caradoc	Middlesex County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Najaf-e Tarakomeh (Persian: نجف تراكمه‎, also Romanized as Najaf-e Tarākomeh; also known as Najaf and Qeshlāq-e Najaf-e Tarākameh) is a village in Abish Ahmad Rural District, Abish Ahmad District, Kaleybar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Najaf-e Tarakomeh	Abish Ahmad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bertowo (bɛrˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec, within Aleksandrów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Bertowo	Gmina Waganiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godega di Sant'Urbano, also known simply as Godega, is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in the Italian region Veneto, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Venice and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Treviso.	Godega di Sant'Urbano	Province of Treviso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papanashi (Kannada: ಪಾಪನಾಶಿ ) is a village in the Gadag district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Papanashi	Gadag district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dornberk (pronounced (ˈdoːɾnbɛɾk); Italian: Montespino) is a village in western Slovenia in the Municipality of Nova Gorica.	Dornberk	Nova Gorica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Gol (Persian: چقاگل‎, also Romanized as Choqā Gol) is a village in Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Gol	Howmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conkal Municipality (In the Yucatec Maya Language: ``place of twenty sales'' or ``place of the parasitic plant cuunka'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (57.48 km2) of land and located roughly 16 km northeast of the city of Mérida.	Conkal Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gujgi-ye Bala (Persian: گوجگي بالا‎, also Romanized as Gūjgī-ye Bālā and Gūjkī-ye Bālā; also known as Bīūkī, Bū’īkī, Bujgi, Gūjgī, and Gūjkī) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gujgi-ye Bala	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boyland Common is a place in the English county of Norfolk.	Boyland Common	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klonowice (klɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Klönnwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czersk, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Klonowice	Gmina Czersk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caleb's Discovery is a historic home located two miles west of Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland.	Caleb's Discovery	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwegian County Road 774 (Norwegian: Fylkesvei 774) is a 4.2-kilometre (2.6 mi) long county road in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.	Norwegian County Road 774	Nord-Trøndelag
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harding Charter Preparatory High School is a public charter school based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma that was founded in 2003.	Harding Charter Preparatory High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Z. M. Jack Stell Field (IATA: CRT, ICAO: KCRT, FAA LID: CRT) is a city-owned public-use airport located five nautical miles (6 mi, 9 km) northeast of the central business district of Crossett, in Ashley County, Arkansas, United States.	Z. M. Jack Stell Field	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahn-e Razan (Persian: كهن رزان‎, also Romanized as Kahn-e Razān; also known as Kahn-e Zarān) is a village in Raviz Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahn-e Razan	Koshkuiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gap Mountain, located in Troy, New Hampshire, United States, is a small monadnock with three summits ranging between 1,820 feet (555 m) and 1,900 feet (579 m) above sea level.	Gap Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheyne Walk is a historic street, in Chelsea, in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.	Cheyne Walk	Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museum of Somerset is located in the 12th century great hall of Taunton Castle, in Taunton in the county of Somerset, England.	Museum of Somerset	Taunton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Julia Richman Education Complex (JREC) is an educational multiplex located in the Upper East Side neighborhood in Manhattan, New York City, New York, USA.	Julia Richman Education Complex	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shiragaonwadi is a village in Chikodi Taluka Belgaum district in the southwestern state of Karnataka, India.	Shiragaonwadi	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deans Court is a student hall of residence at the University of St Andrews, and arguably the oldest dwelling house in the city of St Andrews, Scotland.	Deans Court	St Andrews
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Military Heritage & Aviation Museum is located at Fishermen's Village, 1200 West Retta Esplanade, Unit 48, Punta Gorda, Florida.	Military Heritage & Aviation Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeparit (/dʒəˈpærɪt/ jə-PARR-it) is situated on the Wimmera River in Western Victoria, Australia, 370 kilometres (230 mi) north west of Melbourne.	Jeparit	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coalsnaughton or Calibar (Scottish Gaelic: Caolas Neachdainn) is a village in Clackmannanshire, Scotland.	Coalsnaughton	Clackmannanshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Him Lam is a ward (phường) of Điện Biên Phủ in Điện Biên Province of northwestern Vietnam.	Him Lam	Điện Biên Phủ
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fillmore Central School is a public school in Fillmore, Allegany County, New York, U.S.A., that serves grades Pre-K to Grade 12 and is the only school operated by the Fillmore Central School District.	Fillmore Central School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Zakrzewo (ˈstarɛ zaˈkʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Stare Zakrzewo	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KFEQ 680 AM is a Saint Joseph, Missouri area talk radio station that airs local and national programs.	KFEQ	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Preston Point (Niergarup in Noongar) is a small point in the Swan River, Western Australia.	Preston Point	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fabra Observatory (Catalan: Observatori Fabra, IPA: (upsərβəˈtɔɾi ˈfaβɾə)) is an astronomical observatory located in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain pointed towards the south at 415 metres above sea level (latitude: 41,4184° N; longitude: 2,1239° E).	Fabra Observatory	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Bear Wilderness is located in northern Montana, United States, within Flathead National Forest Created by an act of Congress in 1978, the wilderness comprises 286,700 acres (1,160 km²) and borders the Bob Marshall Wilderness on the north.	Great Bear Wilderness	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shisheh Gurab (Persian: شيشه گوراب‎, also Romanized as Shīsheh Gūrāb and Shisheh Goorab; also known as Shishkurab) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Shisheh Gurab	Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batmanqelenj-e Sofla (Persian: باتمانقلنج سفلي‎, also Romanized as Bātmānqelenj-e Soflá; also known as Bātmānqelīch and Bātmānqelīch-e Soflá) is a village in Almalu Rural District, Nazarkahrizi District, Hashtrud County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Batmanqelenj-e Sofla	Almalu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gare de l'Avenue Foch is a station in Paris' express suburban rail system, the RER.	Gare de l'Avenue Foch	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mata Khan District (Pashto: متا خان ولسوالۍ‎, Persian: ولسوالی متاخان‎) is a district of Paktika Province, Afghanistan.	Mata Khan District	Paktika
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canicattì (Italian pronunciation: (kanikatˈti); Sicilian: Caniattì) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Agrigento in the Italian region Sicily, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southeast of Palermo and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Agrigento.	Canicattì	Province of Agrigento
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fulton Lock is located in the city of Fulton, Mississippi, and the waterway forms the west boundary of the city.	Fulton Lock	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Kamion (ˈnɔvɨ ˈkamjɔn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Młodzieszyn, within Sochaczew County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Kamion	Gmina Młodzieszyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sujeq (Persian: سوجق‎, also Romanized as Sūjeq; also known as Sūjīq) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sujeq	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Bois-d'Oingt is a commune located in the Rhône in the Rhône-Alpes region, in eastern France.	Le Bois-d'Oingt	Rhône
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tobołowo (tɔbɔˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowinka, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Tobołowo	Gmina Nowinka
located in the administrative territorial entity	New St. Joseph Cemetery is a Catholic cemetery located at West Eighth Street and Nebraska Avenue in Cincinnati, Ohio in the Price Hill neighborhood.	New St. Joseph Cemetery	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	KKDO (94.7 FM) is an American commercial radio station serving Sacramento, California.	KKDO	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite Reef Diversion Dam is a concrete diversion dam located 22 miles (35 km) Northeast of Phoenix, Arizona, on the Salt River.	Granite Reef Diversion Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Austin College is a private liberal arts college affiliated by covenant relationship with the Presbyterian Church and located in Sherman, in the U.S. state of Texas, about 60 miles (about 100 km) north of Dallas.	Austin College	Sherman	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Horndon is a village in the civil parish of West Horndon, in the south of the borough of Brentwood in Essex in the East of England.	East Horndon	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bubbly Creek is the nickname given to the South Fork of the Chicago River's South Branch, which runs entirely within the city of Chicago, Illinois, US.	Bubbly Creek	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khunik-e Baz (Persian: خونيك باز‎, also Romanized as Khūnīk-e Bāz, Khank Bāz, Khonik Baz, and Khūnīk Bās) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khunik-e Baz	Miyandasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helston Museum is a museum situated in the former market town of Helston, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Helston Museum	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiuwert (Dutch: Wieuwerd ) is a village in Littenseradiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Wiuwert	Littenseradiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Appoquinimink River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in northern Delaware in the United States.	Appoquinimink River	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Simcoe Railtrail is a recreational trail located in the Township of Springwater, Simcoe County, Ontario, Canada.	North Simcoe Railtrail	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zdory (ˈzdɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Zdory	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wadlew (ˈvadlɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drużbice, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wadlew	Gmina Drużbice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tuamotus or the Tuamotu Archipelago (French: Îles Tuamotu, officially Archipel des Tuamotu) are a chain of islands and atolls in French Polynesia.	Tuamotus	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bethelsdorp is a town in Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa, 20 km north-west of Port Elizabeth.	Bethelsdorp	Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhovti Vody (Ukrainian: Жовті Води; Polish: Żółte Wody) is a town in south-central Ukraine's Dnipropetrovsk Oblast (province).	Zhovti Vody	Dnipropetrovsk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 1989 firebombing of the Riverdale Press was an attack in which two firebombs were thrown at the offices of a weekly newspaper, the Riverdale Press, in the Riverdale community of the Bronx, New York City on February 28, 1989.	1989 firebombing of the Riverdale Press	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindsay Collegiate and Vocational Institute, commonly referred to as LCVI or LC is a secondary school in Lindsay, Ontario.	Lindsay Collegiate and Vocational Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rayakuduru is a village which comes under Veeravasaram Mandal, West Godavari district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Rayakuduru	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Saizadeh (Persian: تلمبه ساعي زاده‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sā``īzādeh; also known as Sā``ī Zādeh) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 10 families.	Tolombeh-ye Saizadeh	Arzuiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zielonkowice (ʑɛlɔnkɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zielonkowice	Gmina Grodków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Valley Christian Academy is a private, multi-denominational Christian school located on the east side of Cincinnati in Newtown, Ohio, United States.	Miami Valley Christian Academy	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kremsmünster Abbey (German: Stift Kremsmünster) is a Benedictine monastery in Kremsmünster in Upper Austria.	Kremsmünster Abbey	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mlice-Kostery (ˈmlit͡sɛ kɔsˈtɛrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drobin, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mlice-Kostery	Gmina Drobin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharafabad-e Pain (Persian: شرف ابادپايين‎, also Romanized as Sharafābād-e Pā'īn) is a village in Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Sharafabad-e Pain	Kakavand-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radisson Blu Daugava Hotel is a 5 star hotel in Riga, Latvia, and was the first hotel in the Baltic states to be managed by an international hotel brand after Latvia regained independence in 1991.	Radisson Blu Daugava Hotel	Riga
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Mallee is an Australian Electoral Division in the state of Victoria.	Division of Mallee	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archbald Pothole State Park is a 149.16-acre (60.36 ha) Pennsylvania state park in Archbald, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, USA.	Archbald Pothole State Park	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sawtelle Veterans Home was a care home for disabled American veterans in what is today part of the Los Angeles metropolitan area (see Sawtelle, Los Angeles) in California in the United States.	Sawtelle Veterans Home	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łychowska Wola (wɨˈxɔfska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Łychowska Wola	Gmina Jasieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bilecik Province (Turkish: Bilecik ili) is a province in midwest Turkey, neighboring Bursa to the west, Kocaeli and Sakarya to the north, Bolu to the east, Eskişehir to the southeast and Kütahya to the south, spanning an area of 4,307 km².	Bilecik Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furnace Creek Airport (IATA: DTH, FAA LID: L06) is a public airport located 0.75 miles (1 km) west of Furnace Creek, Death Valley, serving Inyo County, California, USA.	Furnace Creek Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worleston is a village (at SJ658564) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Worleston	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheung Prey District (Khmer: ស្រុកជើងព្រៃ) is a district (srok) of Kampong Cham Province, Cambodia.	Cheung Prey District	Kampong Cham Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chal Tak-e Bala (Persian: چال تاك بالا‎, also Romanized as Chāl Tāk-e Bālā) is a village in Ahmadfedaleh Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chal Tak-e Bala	Ahmadfedaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki Stare (sɔkɔlˈniki ˈstarɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sokolniki Stare	Gmina Baboszewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hall Natural Area or Harvey Monroe Hall Natural Area is a region on the eastern border of Yosemite National Park in California.	Hall Natural Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amherst Airport (TC LID: CCQ4) is an abandoned airport that was located 1 NM (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) west of Amherst, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Amherst Airport	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xinduo (Chinese:新垛) is a township-level division in Xinghua, Jiangsu, China.	Xinduo	Xinghua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verjan (Persian: ورجان‎, also Romanized as Verjān, Varjān, and Vīrjān) is a village in Kahak Rural District, Kahak District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Verjan	Kahak District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Akilia Island is an island in southwestern Greenland, about 22 kilometers south of Nuuk (Godthåb), at 63.933°N 51.667°W. Akilia is the location of a rock formation that has been proposed to contain the oldest known sedimentary rocks on Earth, and perhaps the oldest evidence of life on Earth.	Akilia	Greenland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choqa Khazan (Persian: چقاخزان‎, also Romanized as Choqā Khazān; also known as Choqā Qazān) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Choqa Khazan	Sanjabi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Mersea (formerly spelt Mersey) is a small town and electoral ward in the Colchester borough of Essex, England.	West Mersea	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eskin-e Sofla (Persian: اسكين سفلي‎, also Romanized as Eskīn-e Soflá; also known as Eskīn and Askīn) is a village in Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Eskin-e Sofla	Dehpir-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hazelwood East High School is one of three high schools in the Hazelwood School District, St. Louis County, Missouri, the others being Hazelwood West High School and Hazelwood Central High School.	Hazelwood East High School	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAFY (103.1 FM; ``Key 103'') is a radio station located in Frederick, Maryland, in the United States.	WAFY	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Signal's Lily Flagg 31035 (1884--?), also spelled Flag, was a Jersey cow, the top butter producer in the world in 1892, owned by W. E. Matthews and General Samuel H. Moore of Huntsville, Alabama.	Lily Flagg	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojmiany (vɔi̯ˈmjanɨ) (German: Woymanns) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Wojmiany	Gmina Górowo Iławeckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambusnethan House, or Cambusnethan Priory, in North Lanarkshire, Scotland, was designed by James Gillespie Graham and completed in 1820.	Cambusnethan House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abu ol Qasem (Persian: ابوالقاسم‎, also Romanized as Abū ol Qāsem) is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Abu ol Qasem	Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neosho Hugh Robinson Airport (IATA: EOS, ICAO: KEOS, FAA LID: EOS) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Neosho, a city in Newton County, Missouri, United States.	Neosho Hugh Robinson Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cranwich is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, about 2 miles (3.2 km) north west of Mundford.	Cranwich	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Theatre is a historic theater in Peoria, Illinois, United States that opened on October 16, 1920, as a silent picture theatre.	Madison Theatre	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barnett Hospital and Nursing School is a historic hospital and school building located at Huntington, Cabell County, West Virginia.	Barnett Hospital and Nursing School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Administratively Wulveringem has been controlled from Veurne since 1977.	Wulveringem	Veurne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gohana (Hindi: गोहाना) is a city and a municipal council in the Sonipat district of the Indian state of Haryana (pincode 131301).	Gohana	Sonipat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northern Correctional Institution is a high-security state prison in Somers, in the northern part of the U.S. state of Connecticut.	Northern Correctional Institution	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milton Center Historic District is a 180 acres (73 ha) historic district in the town of Litchfield, Connecticut, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1986.	Milton Center Historic District	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anderson-Clark Farmstead, located at 378 W. Clark St. in Grantsville, Utah, also known as the J. Reuben Clark Farm, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.	Anderson-Clark Farmstead	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bandana Square is now an office center but was originally designed to be an enclosed shopping center in Energy Park (an industrial street) in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	Bandana Square	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	In its narrower sense the term Upper Harz only covers the seven Upper Harz mining towns (Bergstädte) - Clausthal, Zellerfeld, Andreasberg, Altenau, Lautenthal, Wildemann and Grund - in the present-day German federal state of Lower Saxony.	Upper Harz	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allenwiller (Alsatian: Allanwiller, French: Allunwillier) is a former commune in the Bas-Rhin department in the Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine region of northeastern France.	Allenwiller	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Republican Force Tucumán (Spanish: Fuerza Republicana Tucumán, FR) is a provincial conservative political party in Tucumán Province, Argentina.	Republican Force Tucumán	Tucumán Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedreña is a village in the municipality of Marina de Cudeyo, Cantabria, northern Spain.	Pedreña	Marina de Cudeyo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basilica Minore dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo is a Roman Catholic basilica located in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy.	Basilica Minore dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo	Cortina d'Ampezzo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serivan Asheqan (Persian: سريوان عاشقان‎, also Romanized as Serīvān ``Āsheqān) is a village in Badranlu Rural District, in the Central District of Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 191, in 54 families.	Serivan Asheqan	Badranlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prince Edward Island (PEI or P.E.I.; French: Île-du-Prince-Édouard) is a province of Canada consisting of the island of the same name, as well as several much smaller islands.	Prince Edward Island	Canada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franulew (fraˈnulɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Malanów, within Turek County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Franulew	Gmina Malanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lone Star Army Ammunition Plant was a 15,546-acre (62.91 km2) government-owned, contractor-operated (GOCO) facility 12 miles west of Texarkana, Texas that was established in 1942.	Lone Star Army Ammunition Plant	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pavlodar Region (Kazakh: Павлодар облысы, Pavlodar oblısı) is a region of Kazakhstan.	Pavlodar Region	Kazakhstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ross Memorial Museum is a personal decorative arts collection displayed in a fine early 19th-century house in the National Historic District of St. Andrews, New Brunswick, Canada.	Ross Memorial Museum	St. Andrews, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Enfant Plaza is a complex of four commercial buildings grouped around a large plaza in the Southwest section of Washington, D.C..	L'Enfant Plaza	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reay Parish Church is a Church of Scotland parish church serving Reay, Caithness.	Reay Parish Church	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Charles Reservoir, is located in Stem Beach, Colorado, United States, within Pueblo County.	Saint Charles Reservoir	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Łęczeszycka (ˈvɔla wɛnt͡ʂɛˈʂɨt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Belsk Duży, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Łęczeszycka	Gmina Belsk Duży
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph F. DellaCamera Stadium is a sport stadium in West Haven, Connecticut.	Ralph F. DellaCamera Stadium	West Haven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Area codes 450 and 579 are telephone area codes in the Canadian province of Quebec, encompassing the off-island suburbs of Montreal, which is served by area codes 514 and 438.	Area codes 450 and 579	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clement C. Clay Bridge (CC Clay Bridge or Whitesburg Bridge) are two bridges that span the Tennessee River just south of Huntsville in northern part of the U.S. state of Alabama.	Clement C. Clay Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Genesee Towers was the tallest building in Flint, Michigan, United States.	Genesee Towers	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penybont (also sometimes spelled Pen-y-Bont) is a small village in Powys, Wales.	Penybont	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanchipuram district (Tamil: காஞ்சிபுரம் மாவட்டம்) is a district in the northeast of the state of Tamil Nadu in India.	Kanchipuram district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Kozodawska (ˈvulka kɔzɔˈdafska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Kozodawska	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzyatlava District (Belarusian: Дзятлаўскі раён) is a district (rajon) in Grodno Region of Belarus.	Dzyatlava District	Grodno Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Šalara (pronounced (ʃaˈlaːɾa); Italian: Salara) is a settlement on the outskirts of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Šalara	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suhovo (Bulgarian: Сухово) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Suhovo	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gateway National Recreation Area is a 26,607-acre (10,767 ha) National Recreation Area in the Port of New York and New Jersey.	Gateway National Recreation Area	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pas Peres (Persian: پس پرس‎, also Romanized as Pesperes) is a village in Mian Band Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pas Peres	Mian Band Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hallering (German: Halleringen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Hallering	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Congregational and Presbyterian Society Church of Westport, now known as United Church of Christ of Wadhams, is a historic Congregational church on Main Street/CR 10 in Westport, Essex County, New York.	First Congregational and Presbyterian Society Church of Westport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gazneshk (Persian: گزنشك‎, also Romanized as Gazenshak and Gaznishk) is a village in Karghond Rural District, Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gazneshk	Karghond Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2nd Street Tunnel is a widely filmed and photographed tunnel on 2nd Street under Bunker Hill in Downtown Los Angeles, California.	2nd Street Tunnel	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lime Kiln Light is a functioning navigational aid located on Lime Kiln Point overlooking Dead Mans Bay on the western side of San Juan Island, San Juan County, Washington, in the United States.	Lime Kiln Light	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deeping St Nicholas, near Spalding in Lincolnshire, England is a village on the A1175 road between The Deepings and Spalding.	Deeping St Nicholas	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kularzan (Persian: كول ارزن‎, also Romanized as Kūlārzan) is a village in Zilayi Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kularzan	Zilayi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deutsche Schule Melbourne (commonly referred to as 'DSM') is an independent co-educational school located in North Fitzroy, a northern suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Deutsche Schule Melbourne	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nokomis Knoll Residential Historic District is a neighborhood of houses near Lake Nokomis in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Nokomis Knoll Residential Historic District	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area consisting of islands within the Potomac River in Maryland, USA along its border with the state of Virginia.	Islands of the Potomac Wildlife Management Area	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Creque Marine Railway, formerly the ``St Thomas Marine Repair Facility'', is an inclined-plane ship railway on Hassel Island, in the bay of Charlotte Amalie off the coast of St. Thomas Island, in the U.S. Virgin Islands.	Creque Marine Railway	Charlotte Amalie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadeh Emir Hazer (Persian: امامزاده اميرحاضر‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Emīr Ḩāz̤er) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District, in the Central District of Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Emamzadeh Emir Hazer	Dodangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenape Technical School is a public high school located in Ford City, Pennsylvania, USA which offers vocational training in 16 technical areas.	Lenape Technical School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pima Community College (PCC) is an American two-year institution of higher education in Pima County, Arizona serving the Tucson metropolitan area.	Pima Community College	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jarrell Plantation State Historic Site is a cotton plantation and state park in Juliette, Georgia, United States.	Jarrell Plantation	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpirsbach Abbey (in German Kloster Alpirsbach) was a house of the Benedictine Order located at Alpirsbach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Alpirsbach Abbey	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alegrete is a municipality in Rio Grande do Sul located in southern Brazil.	Alegrete	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bascapè is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Pavia.	Bascapè	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izvoarele Sucevei (Ukrainian: Ізвори) is a commune located in Suceava County, Romania.	Izvoarele Sucevei	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Ab-e Sofla Sharqi (Persian: پائين اب سفلي شرقي‎, also Romanized as Pā'īn Āb-e Soflá Sharqī; also known as Pā'īnāb-e Pā'īn and Pā'īn Āb-e Soflá) is a village in Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pain Ab-e Sofla Sharqi	Kakavand-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bavi County (Persian: شهرستان باوی‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran, famous for the importance of birds in the area.	Bavi County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tanazarud (Persian: تنازارود‎, also Romanized as Tanāzārūd) is a village in Layl Rural District, in the Central District of Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tanazarud	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linz am Rhein (in English Linz on the Rhine) is a municipality in the district of Neuwied, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.	Linz am Rhein	Neuwied
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bert Leedy Round Barn, also known as Paxton Round Barn and as Fulton County Historical Society Round Barn, is a round barn located in Richland Township near Rochester, Indiana, United States.	Bert Leedy Round Barn	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dongwangpo Township (simplified Chinese: 东王坡乡; traditional Chinese: 東王坡鄉; pinyin: Dōngwángpō Xiāng) is a township of Pingshan County in the eastern foothills of the Taihang Mountains in western Hebei province, China.	Dongwangpo Township	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkuyeh (Persian: كركويه‎, also Romanized as Karkūyeh, Karakūyeh, and Karekūyeh; also known as Kareh Kūyeh) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karkuyeh	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atuona, located on Atuona Bay on the southern side of Hiva Oa island, French Polynesia, is the administrative centre of the commune (municipality) of Hiva-Oa.	Atuona	Hiva Oa	Hiva-Oa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muckle Skerry is the largest of the Pentland Skerries that lie off the north coast of Scotland.	Muckle Skerry	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Yardley Borough was a historic stone arch bridge located at Scammells Corner in Yardley, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Yardley Borough	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shir Ahan Shahr (Persian: شيراهن شهر‎, also Romanized as Shīr Āhan Shahr and Shīrāhan-e Shahr; also known as Shīr Āhan) is a village in Kangan Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shir Ahan Shahr	Kangan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kysucké Nové Mesto District (okres Kysucké Nové Mesto) is a district in the Žilina Region of northern central Slovakia, in the Kysuce region.	Kysucké Nové Mesto District	Žilina Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodlawn Beach State Park is a 93-acre (0.38 km2) park located near the Village of Blasdell on the eastern shore of Lake Erie in Erie County, New York, United States.	Woodlawn Beach State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place Beauvau is a public square in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, at the intersection of the Rue du Faubourg-Saint-Honoré, the Avenue de Marigny, the Rue des Saussaies, and the Rue de Miromesnil.	Place Beauvau	8th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia at Ferris State University, Big Rapids, Michigan, displays a wide variety of artifacts, including cartoons, figurines, and advertising, depicting the history of racist portrayals of African Americans in American popular culture.	Jim Crow Museum of Racist Memorabilia	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassi Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary near Bassi in Chittorgarh district of Rajasthan, India, 5 kilometres from the Bassi Fort Palace.	Bassi Wildlife Sanctuary	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łozinka (wɔˈʑinka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Łozinka	Gmina Szczecinek
located in the administrative territorial entity	One of them is the Grand Sport Arena which is the home of FC Zenit of Saint Petersburg, Russia and is commonly referred to as ``Petrovsky Stadium.''	Petrovsky Stadium	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Finance Centre is located at 9th Ave. Bonifacio Global City Taguig and is near the establishments of Serendra, Bonifacio High Street, and Market!	The Finance Centre	Taguig
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ohev Sholem Synagogue is a historic synagogue building at 109 Blinman Street in New London, Connecticut.	Ohev Sholem Synagogue	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	America's Packard Museum is an automotive museum located in Dayton, Ohio.	America's Packard Museum	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ratajewicze (ratajɛˈvʲit͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Ratajewicze	Gmina Wisznice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shute Harbour is a sheltered port for small vessels located approximately 10 kilometres east of Airlie Beach on the Whitsunday Coast of Queensland, Australia.	Shute Harbour	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingsbury Place is a private place neighborhood in St. Louis, Missouri that was founded in 1902.	Kingsbury Place	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toernich (Luxembourgish: Täernech, Walloon: Tournich) is part of the Belgian town of Arlon in the Walloon region in the province of Luxembourg.	Toernich	Arlon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fenwick Island State Park is a 344-acre (139 ha) Delaware state park between Ocean City, Maryland and South Bethany, Delaware in Sussex County, Delaware, US.	Fenwick Island State Park	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Lucio Pass, located in the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 1,541 metres (5,056 ft) above sea level, connects the Val Cavargna in the Italian province of Como with the Val Colla in the Swiss canton of Ticino.	San Lucio Pass	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emporia Municipal Airport (IATA: EMP, ICAO: KEMP, FAA LID: EMP) is a city-owned public-use airport, located five miles south of Emporia, in Lyon County, Kansas.	Emporia Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ford's Chapel United Methodist Church, or simply Ford's Chapel UMC, is a United Methodist church located in Harvest, Alabama, in the United States.	Ford's Chapel United Methodist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carlyle House is a historic mansion in Alexandria, Virginia, United States, built by Scottish merchant John Carlyle in 1751--53.	Carlyle House	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swetman House or Swetmann House is a historic residence at 325 5th Avenue in Seward, Alaska.	Swetman House	Seward
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Stradbroke Island (Indigenous: Minjerribah), colloqually Straddie or North Straddie, is an island that lies within Moreton Bay in the Australian state of Queensland, 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of the capital Brisbane.	North Stradbroke Island	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rondo 1 is an office skyscraper with a total height of 192 m located in Warsaw, Poland at Rondo ONZ.	Rondo 1	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bhadohi (Hindi: भदोही ) is a city, Lok Sabha constituency and a municipal board in Sant Ravidas Nagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Bhadohi	Sant Ravidas Nagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lemieszów (lɛˈmjɛʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Uchanie, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Lemieszów	Gmina Uchanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Göttingen Observatory (Universitätssternwarte Göttingen (Göttingen University Observatory) or königliche Sternwarte Göttingen (Royal Observatory Göttingen)) is a German astronomical observatory located in Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany.	Göttingen Observatory	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Claiborne State Park is a popular recreation site located in Claiborne Parish, northwestern Louisiana, USA.	Lake Claiborne State Park	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chaqan (Persian: چاقان‎, also Romanized as Chāqān) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District, Maneh District, Maneh and Samalqan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chaqan	Shirin Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	White Hall State Historic Site is a 14-acre (5.7 ha) park in Richmond, Kentucky, southeast of Lexington.	White Hall State Historic Site	Richmond
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tennessee State Capitol, located in Nashville, Tennessee, is the home of the Tennessee legislature, the location of the governor's office, and a National Historic Landmark.	Tennessee State Capitol	Nashville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čiližská Radvaň (Hungarian: Csilizradvány, Hungarian pronunciation:(ˈtʃilizrɒdvaːɲ)) is a village and municipality in the Dunajská Streda District in the Trnava Region of south-west Slovakia.	Čiližská Radvaň	Dunajská Streda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mayon Volcano Natural Park is a protected area of the Philippines located in the Bicol Region (Region 5) on southeast Luzon Island, the largest island of the country.	Mayon Volcano Natural Park	Bicol Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbari Konar (Persian: رودباري كنار‎, also Romanized as Rūdbārī Konār; also known as Rūdbār Konār) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rudbari Konar	Goli Jan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elijah Herndon House is located in California, Kentucky and built in the Federal style.	Elijah Herndon House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nyl River (Afrikaans: Nylrivier) is a watercourse in Limpopo Province, South Africa.	Nyl River	Limpopo
located in the administrative territorial entity	A member of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, Prince Patrick Island is the westernmost of the Queen Elizabeth Islands in the Northwest Territories of Canada.	Prince Patrick Island	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjrud (Persian: ارجرود‎, also Romanized as Arjrūd and Arjarūd) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Arjrud	Shahsavan Kandi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gracemount High School is a non-denominational six-year comprehensive secondary school serving south-east Edinburgh, Scotland.	Gracemount High School	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guantian District (Chinese: 官田區; pinyin: Guāntián Qū; Wade--Giles: Kuan1-t'ian2 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Koaⁿ-tiān-khu) is a rural district in central Tainan City, Republic of China, commonly known as Taiwan.	Guantian District	Tainan
located in the administrative territorial entity	100 North Main is the tallest building in Memphis, Tennessee.	100 North Main	Memphis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baczysław (baˈt͡ʂɨswaf) (German: Batzlaff) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Golczewo, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Baczysław	Gmina Golczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pim Island (previously Bedford Pim Island) is located off the eastern coast of Ellesmere Island, part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region of the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	Pim Island	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Motal Sara (Persian: مطالع سرا‎, also Romanized as Moţalʿ Sarā; also known as Moţallā Sarā-ye Lemīr) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Motal Sara	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Englert Theatre in Iowa City, Iowa, is a renovated vaudeville-era playhouse now serving as a community arts center and 725-seat performance venue.	Englert Theatre	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dorchester Penitentiary (French: Pénitencier de Dorchester) is a Canadian federal corrections facility located in the village of Dorchester, New Brunswick.	Dorchester Penitentiary	Dorchester, New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuyang District (simplified Chinese: 榆阳区; traditional Chinese: 榆陽區; pinyin: Yúyáng Qū), is a district of Yulin, Shaanxi, China.	Yuyang District	Yulin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Verkykerskop is a town in Phumelela Local Municipality in the Free State province of South Africa, located on the R722.	Verkykerskop	Phumelela Local Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirg-e Aqa (Persian: شيرگ اقا‎, also Romanized as Shīrg-e Āqā) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shirg-e Aqa	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarroweyah (/ˈjærəwiːə/ YARR-ə-wee-ə) is a town in northern Victoria, Australia.	Yarroweyah	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aoral District (Khmer: ស្រុកឱរ៉ាល់) is a district located in Kampong Speu Province in central Cambodia.	Aoral District	Kampong Speu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Münchner Stadtanzeiger was a weekly newspaper published in Munich from 1845 to 1997.	Münchner Stadtanzeiger	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBHC-FM (92.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an adult contemporary format licensed to Hampton, South Carolina, USA.	WBHC-FM	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Other facets of the rail trail are the location of information boards as well as replicated road crossing markers.The first section of the Old Beechy Rail Trail was officially opened by Victoria's premier, Mr Steve Bracks in July 2005.	Old Beechy Rail Trail	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Mantash (Persian: چشمه منتش‎, also Romanized as Chashmeh Mantash; also known as Chashmeh Mantas, Cheshmeh Mansh, and Cheshmeh Mīsh) is a village in Khosrowabad Rural District, Chang Almas District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Mantash	Khosrowabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luowang Township (Chinese: 罗王乡; pinyin: Luówáng Xiāng) is a township situated in the Kaifeng County, Kaifeng in the province of Henan, China.	Luowang Township	Kaifeng County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Sa (Thai: ?) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mae Rim District, in Chiang Mai Province, Thailand.	Mae Sa	Mae Rim
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Bonnevoie (Luxembourgish: Bouneweg-Süd, French: Bonnevoie-Sud, German: Bonneweg Süd) is a quarter in south-eastern Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	South Bonnevoie	Luxembourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Stream State Park is a state park located in Valley Stream, Nassau County, New York in the United States.	Valley Stream State Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asman Bolaghi (Persian: اسمان بلاغي‎, also Romanized as Āsmān Bolāghī) is a village in Ansar Rural District, in the Central District of Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Asman Bolaghi	Ansar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giełdoń (ˈɡʲɛu̯dɔɲ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Giełdoń	Gmina Kobylnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beacon Charter High School for the Arts is a charter high school in Woonsocket, Rhode Island that first opened in 2003.	Beacon Charter High School for the Arts	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heartland Community School is a public elementary and secondary education school located in Henderson, Nebraska, United States.	Heartland Community School	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yuha Desert is a section of the Sonoran Desert located in the Imperial Valley of California; south of Interstate 8, west of El Centro, and north of the international border.	Yuha Desert	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westdowns (sometimes spelled incorrectly as Westdown) is a small hamlet in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Westdowns	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woźniczna (vɔʑˈnit͡ʂna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pleśna, within Tarnów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Woźniczna	Gmina Pleśna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bailey Farm is an historic farm at 373 Wyatt Road in Middletown, Rhode Island.	Bailey Farm	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oldway Mansion became the Torbay Country Club in 1929.	Oldway Mansion	Torbay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Green Hill Historic District encompasses historical cross-section of residential housing in Brookline, Massachusetts, dating from the 18th century into the mid-20th century.	Green Hill Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loughrigg Tarn (/ˌlʌfrɪɡ ˈtɑrn/) is a small, natural lake in the Lake District, Cumbria, England.	Loughrigg Tarn	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Higher End or Billinge Higher End is an area of the Metropolitan Borough of Wigan, Greater Manchester, England.	Higher End	Wigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foy House is a Victorian Italianate-style house that was built in 1872, located in Los Angeles, California.	Foy House	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée Jean de La Fontaine is a writer's house museum located in Château-Thierry, France.	Musée Jean de La Fontaine	Château-Thierry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Düben Heath (German: Dübener Heide) is a landscape in Germany in eastern Saxony-Anhalt and northern Saxony, between the rivers Elbe and the Mulde, on the northern edge of the Leipzig Bay.	Düben Heath	Saxony-Anhalt	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barabasti or Barah Basti is a group of 12 villages lying in Bulandshahr district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Barabasti	Bulandshahr district	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurtalići (Serbian: Курталићи) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Kurtalići	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station Cecil Field or NAS Cecil Field (IATA: NZC, ICAO: KNZC, FAA LID: NZC) was a United States Navy air base, located in Duval County, Florida.	Naval Air Station Cecil Field	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	King-Lebel is a designated place in the Canadian province of Ontario, located in the Timiskaming District.	King-Lebel	Timiskaming District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congo Square is an open space within Louis Armstrong Park, which is located in the Tremé neighborhood of New Orleans, Louisiana, just across Rampart Street north of the French Quarter.	Congo Square	New Orleans
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasegar Kola (Persian: كاسگر كلا‎, also Romanized as Kāsegar Kolā; also known as Kāsehgar Kalā and Kāsehgar Kolā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kasegar Kola	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardi's is a Continental restaurant located at 234 West 44th Street (between Broadway and Eighth Avenue) in the Theater District in Manhattan, in New York City.	Sardi's	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neilson River flows into the territory of the municipality of Saint-Raymond, in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale, in Quebec, in Canada.	Neilson River	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varzan (Persian: ورزن‎) is a village in Adaran Rural District, Asara District, Karaj County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Varzan	Adaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranch to Market Road 337 or RM 337 is a Texas state road that runs from Camp Wood east to Medina.	Ranch to Market Road 337	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parak-e Morad (Persian: پارک مراد‎, also Romanized as Pārak-e Morād) is a village in Kambel-e Soleyman Rural District, in the Central District of Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Parak-e Morad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mutsk (Armenian: Մուցք, also Romanized as Muts’k'' and Mutsq; formerly, Mazra, Bartsravan, and Bardzravan) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Mutsk	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lindbergh Educational Center, also known as Manteca Adult School, located in Manteca, California, is part of the Manteca Unified School District.	Lindbergh Educational Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lochsa River is in the northwestern United States, in the mountains of north central Idaho.	Lochsa River	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipality of Mosman is a local government area on the Lower North Shore of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Municipality of Mosman	Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alpine Valleys is an Australian wine region in northeast Victoria.	Alpine Valleys	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Latakia Governorate (Arabic: مُحافظة اللاذقية‎ / ALA-LC: Muḥāfaẓat al-Lādhiqīyah) is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria.	Latakia Governorate	Syria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gutów Mały (ˈɡutuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Gutów Mały	Gmina Grabica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhaling (Nepali: छलिङ) is a village and Village Development Committee in Bhaktapur District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal.	Chhaling	Bhaktapur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerd Naleyn (Persian: گردنعلين‎, also Romanized as Gerd Na``leyn) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 149, in 19 families.	Gerd Naleyn	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdów (ˈmai̯duf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szydłowiec, within Szydłowiec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Majdów	Gmina Szydłowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armiabad (Persian: ارمي آباد‎, also Romanized as Ārmīābād; also known as Ārmābād) is a village in Soltanali Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Armiabad	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Estádio Alfredo Schürig most commonly known as Estádio Parque São Jorge, or Fazendinha, is a football stadium inaugurated on July 22, 1928 in São Paulo, Brazil.	Estádio Parque São Jorge	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khatibi (Persian: خطيبي‎, also Romanized as Khaţībī; also known as Ḩoseynābād and Khitābi) is a village in Afin Rural District, Zohan District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khatibi	Afin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Minto (Inuktitut: Qasigialik, ``where there are spotted seals'') is a lake on western Ungava Peninsula, Nunavik, Quebec, Canada.	Lake Minto	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montview, also known as the Carter Glass Estate, is a historic home located on the Liberty University campus at Lynchburg, Virginia.	Montview	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carl H. Pforzheimer Collection of Shelley and His Circle is one of the special collections housed within The New York Public Library's Stephen A. Schwarzman building.	Carl H. Pforzheimer Collection of Shelley and His Circle	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Mud Bay is a large, shallow, partly enclosed bay on the eastern coast of Arnhem Land, in the Northern Territory of Australia, facing Groote Eylandt on the western side of the Gulf of Carpentaria.	Blue Mud Bay	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Community of Communes Ackerland (French: Communauté de communes Ackerland) is a French intercommunal structure gathering most of the communes of the Ackerland natural region, next to Kochersberg, département of Bas-Rhin, région Alsace.	Community of Communes Ackerland	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Berkshire Hospital is a National Health Service hospital in the town of Reading in the English county of Berkshire.	Royal Berkshire Hospital	Reading
located in the administrative territorial entity	The World's Biggest Bookstore was a bookstore located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, at 20 Edward St, just north of the Toronto Eaton Centre and the Atrium on Bay.	World's Biggest Bookstore	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smith Tower is a skyscraper in Pioneer Square in Seattle, Washington.	Smith Tower	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watermelon Creek passes through the cities of Belton and Williamston, South Carolina.	Watermelon Creek	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zolfaqar (Persian: ذوالفقار‎, also Romanized as Ẕolfaqār) is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Zolfaqar	Chelo Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlamilyi National Park (formerly Rudall River National Park) is a national park in the Pilbara region of Western Australia (Australia), 1,252 kilometres (778 mi) northeast of Perth.	Karlamilyi National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Traiguera is a town and municipality in the Baix Maestrat comarca, province of Castelló, Valencian Community, Spain.	Traiguera	Baix Maestrat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belton Court (also known as Ferrin Hall, Barrington College, Gibson Memorial Building, and Peck Mansion) is a historic estate on Middle Highway in Barrington, Rhode Island.	Belton Court	Barrington
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam is a dam with inactive lock at the site of the dead town of New Savannah, Georgia on the Savannah River south of Augusta, Georgia.	New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fastaq (Persian: فستق‎) is a village in Bayat Rural District, Nowbaran District, Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Fastaq	Bayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bijar Khaleh (Persian: بيجارخاله‎, also Romanized as Bījār Khāleh; also known as Bidzhar-Khale) is a village in Pir Bazar Rural District, in the Central District of Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bijar Khaleh	Pir Bazar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHYH-FM is a radio station that broadcasts on a frequency 90.3 FM in Taloyoak, Nunavut, Canada.	CHYH-FM	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	John D'Or Prairie 215 (Jean D’Or in French) is an Indian reserve of the Little Red River Cree Nation in northern Alberta, Canada.	John D'Or Prairie 215	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniel Hand High School is a four-year comprehensive public high school in Madison, Connecticut, US serving grades 9-12.	Daniel Hand High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laogai Museum is a museum in Dupont Circle, Washington, D.C. which showcases human rights in the People's Republic of China, focusing particularly on the laogai, the Chinese prison system.	Laogai Museum	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Torre della Ghirlandina or simply Ghirlandina is the bell tower of the Cathedral of Modena, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.	Torre della Ghirlandina	Modena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qonggyai County or Chongye County, (Tibetan: འཕྱོངས་རྒྱས་རྫོང་, THL: Chonggyé dzong, Chinese: 琼结县; pinyin: Qióngjié xiàn) is a county of Lhoka Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region.	Qonggyai County	Lhoka Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Fagans Old Rectory is a Grade II* listed building in the village of St Fagans in western Cardiff.	St Fagans Old Rectory	Cardiff
located in the administrative territorial entity	Enfield Town, also known as Enfield, is the historic town centre of Enfield, in the London Borough of Enfield.	Enfield Town	London Borough of Enfield
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muławki (muˈwafki) (German Muhlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kętrzyn, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Muławki	Gmina Kętrzyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	So Lo Pun (鎖羅盆) is a village in the northeastern New Territories, Hong Kong, within the Plover Cove Country Park.	So Lo Pun	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chanchai Acadium is an indoor sporting arena, located in Bangkokthonburi University Bangkok, Thailand.	Chanchai Acadium	Bangkok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabgivan (Persian: كبگيون‎, also Romanized as Kabgīvan) is a village in Chenar Rural District, Kabgian District, Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kabgivan	Chenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh-ye Chum (Persian: قلعه چوم‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh-ye Chūm) is a village in Keraj Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 737, in 201 families.	Qaleh-ye Chum	Keraj Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trojan Arena is a 5,200 seat arena that is home to the Troy men's and women's basketball, volleyball and track programs.	Trojan Arena	Troy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mason Jewett Field (ICAO: KTEW, FAA LID: TEW) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) southeast of the central business district of Mason, in Ingham County, Michigan, United States.	Mason Jewett Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garenin (Scottish Gaelic: Na Gearrannan) is a crofting township found on the west coast of the Isle of Lewis in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland.	Garenin	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasemabad-e Gorji (Persian: قاسم ابادگرجي‎, also Romanized as Qāsemābād-e Gorjī) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Qasemabad-e Gorji	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The E. H. Brabrook House is an historic duplex house at 42-44 Avon Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	E. H. Brabrook House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Körnerpark is situated in Berlin Neukölln between Jonasstraße, Schierker Straße, Selkestraße and Wittmannsdorfer Straße.	Körnerpark	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medfield State Hospital, originally the Medfield Insane Asylum, is a historic former psychiatric hospital complex at 45 Hospital Road in Medfield, Massachusetts.	Medfield State Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kampli is a town in the Bellary district, Hospet taluk, in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Kampli	Bellary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fashkhvoran (Persian: فشخواران‎, also Romanized as Fashkhvorān) is a village in Fash Rural District, in the Central District of Kangavar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Fashkhvoran	Fash Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel Goüin is a hôtel particulier in Tours, France.	Hôtel Goüin	Tours
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marsh Baldon is village and in the Baldons civil parish about 5 miles (8 km) southeast of Oxford in Oxfordshire.	Marsh Baldon	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Layham is a village on the B1070 road, in the civil parish of Layham, in the Babergh district, in the county of Suffolk, England.	Upper Layham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vanna Venturi House, one of the first prominent works of the postmodern architecture movement, is located in the neighborhood of Chestnut Hill in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Vanna Venturi House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solent Arena (/ˈsoʊlənt/ SOH-lənt) is an indoor arena, in Fareham, Hampshire.	Solent Arena	Fareham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patah Vir (Persian: پته وير‎, also Romanized as Patah Vīr,Patahvīr or Patamur) is a village in Zulachay Rural District, in the Central District of Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Patah Vir	Zulachay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipal District of Foothills No. 31 is a municipal district in southern Alberta, Canada adjacent to the south side of Calgary in Census Division No. 6.	Municipal District of Foothills No. 31	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prayer Tower is a late Googie design-influenced tower located on the campus of Oral Roberts University in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Prayer Tower	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaręby-Kramki (zaˈrɛmbɨ ˈkramki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Zaręby-Kramki	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Serkan (Persian: حسين ابادسركان‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Serkān; also known as Hasanābād, Ḩoseynābād, and Ḩoseynābād Mehrkān) is a village in Solgi Rural District, Khezel District, Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Serkan	Solgi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Attaquin Beach is a beach at Mashpee and Wakeby Ponds in Cape Cod, Massachusetts.	Attaquin Beach	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Jeruzalska (ˈvulka jɛruˈzalska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wólka Jeruzalska	Gmina Kowiesy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Cypress Tree State Park is a state park in Weakley County, Tennessee, located in the Southeastern United States.	Big Cypress Tree State Park	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basl Kuh (Persian: بصل كوه‎, also Romanized as Başl Kūh) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Basl Kuh	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sanderson Field (IATA: SHN, ICAO: KSHN, FAA LID: SHN) is a public lighted-land airport located in Shelton, a city in Mason County, Washington, United States.	Sanderson Field	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świdrówka (ɕfiˈdrufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczucin, within Dąbrowa County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Świdrówka	Gmina Szczucin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Military Circle Mall, known as The Gallery at Military Circle Mall from 2002 to 2015, is an enclosed shopping mall in Norfolk, Virginia.	Military Circle Mall	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franz Lake National Wildlife Refuge is located in southwest Washington State, within the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area.	Franz Lake National Wildlife Refuge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamington Bridge is a heritage-listed road bridge over the Mary River at Maryborough, Queensland, Australia.	Lamington Bridge	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bakalar Air Force Base is a former United States Air Force base located 4.4 miles (7.1 km) north-northeast of Columbus, Indiana.	Bakalar Air Force Base	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golf del Sur is a holiday resort and golf course situated in Tenerife, Canary Islands within the municipality of San Miguel de Abona.	Golf del Sur	Tenerife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya, also known as BCKV and Bidhan Chandra Agricultural University, is an agricultural university in West Bengal, India.	Bidhan Chandra Krishi Viswavidyalaya	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malloa (from Mapudungún mallohue, ``place of the white clay'') is a Chilean commune and town in Cachapoal Province, O'Higgins Region.	Malloa	Cachapoal Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roughlee is a village in Pendle, Lancashire, England, in the civil parish of Roughlee Booth.	Roughlee	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lin'an City (Chinese: 临安市; Pinyin: Lín'ān Shì) is a county-level city in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province of China.	Lin'an City	Hangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Capron-Phillips House is a historic house at 1129 Main Street in the South Coventry village of Coventry, Connecticut.	Capron-Phillips House	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karrantza (in Basque and officially, in Spanish Carranza), also known as Karrantza Harana (Basque for Valley of Karrantza) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay, in the Basque Country.	Karrantza	Biscay
located in the administrative territorial entity	Geraiyeh (Persian: گراييه‎, also Romanized as Gerā’īyeh and Garā``īyeh) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 151, in 27 families.	Geraiyeh	Gheyzaniyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop McGuinness Catholic High School (McGuinness) is a college-preparatory secondary school located in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, United States.	Bishop McGuinness Catholic High School	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casa Chiquita (``Small House'') is a Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Canyon, northwestern New Mexico, United States.	Casa Chiquita	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Hilary Roman Catholic Church began as a Polish congregation on Henderson Avenue, at the corner of Bruce St and Henderson Avenue (Rt. 18 North) in Washington, Pennsylvania within the Diocese of Pittsburgh.	St. Hilary Roman Catholic Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miller's Department Store was a chain of department stores based in East Tennessee.	Miller's Department Store	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ravnan (Persian: راونان‎, also Romanized as Rāvnān) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ravnan	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Adobe Building, also known as the Mountain View Adobe, is a multi-purpose structure in Mountain View, California.	Historic Adobe Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kambaladinne is a small village in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Kambaladinne	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Telaki (tɛˈlaki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kosów Lacki, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Telaki	Gmina Kosów Lacki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gosforth Park is a park north of Gosforth in the borough of Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	Gosforth Park	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Victor Braunig Lake, formerly known as East Lake, is a reservoir on Calaveras Creek and Chupaderas Creek 17 miles (27 kilometers) south of Downtown San Antonio, Texas, USA.	Victor Braunig Lake	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bristol-Plymouth Regional Technical School is a vocational high school located in East Taunton, Massachusetts that has been in operation since September 1972.	Bristol-Plymouth Regional Technical School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Part of the London Borough of Camden, it is known for its intellectual, liberal, artistic, musical and literary associations and for Hampstead Heath, a large, hilly expanse of parkland.	Hampstead	London Borough of Camden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 170, Farm Road 170, or FM 170 is a 114.6-mile (184.4 km) highway maintained by the Texas Department of Transportation (TxDOT) in Presidio and Brewster counties in Texas.	Farm to Market Road 170	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saqqez Darreh (Persian: سقزدره‎, also Romanized as Saqez Darreh; also known as Saqqez Darreh-ye Bālā and Qez Darreh) is a village in Abarshiveh Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Saqqez Darreh	Abarshiveh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garmarud (Persian: گرمارود‎, also Romanized as Garmārūd) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Garmarud	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karsunak (Persian: كرسونك‎, also Romanized as Karsūnak) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karsunak	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aleksandria Druga (alɛkˈsandrja ˈdruɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konopiska, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Aleksandria Druga	Gmina Konopiska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Creeks Buried Forest State Natural Area is a site in the Wisconsin State Natural Areas Program and a unit of the Ice Age National Scientific Reserve.	Two Creeks Buried Forest State Natural Area	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damdez (Persian: دم دز‎) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Damdez	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	M&T Bank Stadium is a multi-purpose football stadium located in Baltimore, Maryland.	M&T Bank Stadium	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khuznan (Persian: خوزنان‎, also Romanized as Khūznān and Khoznān) is a village in Ziaran Rural District, in the Central District of Abyek County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Khuznan	Ziaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park is a 40-acre (16 ha) railroad park located in Scottsdale, Arizona.	McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hermigua is a town and a municipality in the northeastern part of La Gomera in the province of Santa Cruz de Tenerife of the Canary Islands, Spain.	Hermigua	La Gomera
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darbidu (Persian: دربيدو‎, also Romanized as Darbīdū) is a village in Deh Chah Rural District, Poshtkuh District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Darbidu	Deh Chah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rzymiany (ʐɨˈmjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pakosławice, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rzymiany	Gmina Pakosławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJBW is a First Nations community radio station which operates at 1330 AM/KHz in Jans Bay, Saskatchewan, Canada.	CJBW	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Koochiching State Forest is a state forest located near International Falls in Itasca, Koochiching, and Saint Louis counties, Minnesota.	Koochiching State Forest	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lombardsijde, also Lombartzyde, is a district in the Belgian municipality of Middelkerke in West Flanders province, in northwestern Belgium near Nieuwpoort.	Lombardsijde	Middelkerke
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesfi (Persian: نصفي‎, also Romanized as Neşfī; also known as Nasabī and Nisfi) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Nesfi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dormowo (dɔrˈmɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzychód, within Międzychód County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Dormowo	Gmina Międzychód
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simeria (Romanian pronunciation: (siˈmeri.a); German: Fischdorf; Hungarian: Piski) is a town in Hunedoara County, and an important railway junction with hump yard.	Simeria	Hunedoara County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chli Windgällen (2,986 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the valley of the Reuss in the canton of Uri.	Chli Windgällen	Uri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Columbia County Jail is a historic structure at Calhoun and Jefferson Streets in Magnolia, Arkansas.	Columbia County Jail	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Deer (Scottish Gaelic: Achadh Reite) is a settlement in Aberdeenshire, North East Scotland that lies in the valley of Deer.	New Deer	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Payne Field is a former World War I military airfield, located 4.3 miles (6.9 km) north-northeast of West Point, Mississippi.	Payne Field	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pawona Witu is an archeological site near Bishop in Inyo County, California that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975.	Pawona Witu	Inyo County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arleston is a hamlet in the South Derbyshire district of Derbyshire, England, about 4 miles (6.4 km) south of the centre of Derby.	Arleston	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	D. S. Tavern, also known as the 1740 House, is a historic tavern located at Ivy, Albemarle County, Virginia.	D. S. Tavern	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łuszcze (ˈwuʂt͡ʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czyże, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łuszcze	Gmina Czyże
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogha (Persian: رغا‎, also Romanized as Roghā) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rogha	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helford Passage (Cornish: Treth Heyl, meaning ferry to Helford) is a village in west Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Helford Passage	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottawa Hunt and Golf Club, often referred to as Ottawa Hunt or the Hunt Club, is a private golf and curling club located in Ottawa, Ontario.	Ottawa Hunt and Golf Club	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krabčice (German Krabschitz) is a village and municipality (obec) in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	Krabčice	Litoměřice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suavanao Airport is an airport on Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands (IATA: VAO, ICAO: AGGV).	Suavanao Airport	Santa Isabel Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	CHET-FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts a community/campus radio format at 94.5 FM in Chetwynd, British Columbia.	CHET-FM	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Susitna Glacier is an alpine or valley glacier in the Alaska Range.	Susitna Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurjeh-ye Turaghay (Persian: شورجه طوراغاي‎, also Romanized as Shūrjeh-ye Ţūrāghāy and Shūrjeh-ye Ţūrāghā'ī) is a village in Leylan-e Shomali Rural District, Leylan District, Malekan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shurjeh-ye Turaghay	Leylan-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hickory Ridge Landfill is a municipal solid waste landfill located in Conley, Georgia, United States and privately owned by Republic Services.	Hickory Ridge Landfill	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WELY (1450 AM and 94.5 FM) are radio stations based in the small town of Ely, Minnesota.	WELY	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Afradeh (Persian: افراده‎, also Romanized as Afrādeh) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Afradeh	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zimnik (ˈʑimnik) (German: Kalthaus) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Zimnik	Gmina Mściwojów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacquet (``hideaway'' in French) is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Pacquet	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bend Senior High School is the oldest high school located in Bend, Oregon, United States.	Bend Senior High School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCNR is an Adult Album Alternative and Alternative Rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Keswick, Virginia, serving Charlottesville, Albemarle and Western Fluvanna counties in Virginia.	WCNR	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glen Tonche is an American estate atop Mount Tonche, in Ulster County, near Shokan, New York.	Glen Tonche	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turlock Lake State Recreation Area is located 25 miles east of Modesto, California in Stanislaus County, California.	Turlock Lake State Recreation Area	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngardmau is one of Palau's sixteen states and is located on the west side of Babeldaob between the states of Ngaraard and Ngeremlengui.	Ngardmau	Palau
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cornelius Low House (also called Ivy Hall) is a Georgian manor in Piscataway, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, built in 1741 at Raritan Landing.	Cornelius Low House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kardinia Park is a major public park located in South Geelong, Victoria.	Kardinia Park	Geelong
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Steeg is a Dutch town within the municipality of Rheden.	De Steeg	Rheden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Park Place is an enclosed upscale shopping mall located in the city of Livonia, a suburb of Detroit, Michigan, United States.	Laurel Park Place	Livonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lotfaliabad (Persian: لطفعلي اباد‎, also Romanized as Loţf``alīābād) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 48, in 14 families.	Lotfaliabad	Karipey Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pindari Dam is a minor concrete faced rockfill embankment dam with an ungated uncontrolled rock cut with concrete sill spillway across the Severn River located upstream of the town of Ashford, in the North West Slopes region of New South Wales, Australia.	Pindari Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvoresh Bar (Persian: خورش بر‎; also known as Khūresh and Kūresh Bar) is a village in Bayg Rural District, Bayg District, Torbat-e Heydarieh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvoresh Bar	Bayg Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pavilhão Nossa Senhora do Monte or N. Sra do Monte (in English: Our Lady of the Hill) is an Angolan indoor sporting arena located in Lubango, Huíla.	Pavilhão Nossa Senhora do Monte	Lubango
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talmine (Arabic: ﻃﺎﻟﻤﻴﻦ‎) is a town and commune in Charouine District, Adrar Province, in south-central Algeria.	Talmine	Charouine District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beethoven House (German: Beethoven-Haus) in Bonn, Germany, is a memorial site, museum and cultural institution serving various purposes.	Beethoven House	Bonn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jełmuń (ˈjɛu̯muɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sorkwity, within Mrągowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Jełmuń	Gmina Sorkwity
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lanphere Dunes, a unit of the Humboldt Bay National Wildlife Refuge Complex, is located in Humboldt County, California.	Lanphere Dunes	Humboldt County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blindheim (in English also known as Blenheim) is a municipality in the Bavarian district of Dillingen in southern Germany, consisting of several villages.	Blindheim	Dillingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czapiewice (t͡ʂapjɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Czapiewice	Gmina Brusy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William J. Bryce House, known as Fairview, is located on 4900 Bryce Avenue in Fort Worth, in the U.S. state of Texas.	William J. Bryce House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatra district (Hindi: चतरा जिला) is one of the twenty-four districts of Jharkhand state, India, and Chatra is the administrative headquarters of this district.	Chatra district	Jharkhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Somerville Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Somerville, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	Somerville Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shalmash (Persian: شلماش‎, also Romanized as Shalmāsh) is a village in Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shalmash	Bask-e Kuleseh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardonald is a rural area near Cairnie in Aberdeenshire, Scotland.	Ardonald	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Settlement Methodist Church is a historic Methodist church on West Settlement Road at the junction with Cleveland Road in Ashland, Greene County, New York.	West Settlement Methodist Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	U.S. Route 395 Alternate (US 395 Alt) is an alternate route of U.S. Route 395 (US 395) in Washoe County, Nevada.	U.S. Route 395 Alternate	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Majdany-Leśniczówka (mai̯ˈdanɨ lɛɕniˈt͡ʂufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Majdany-Leśniczówka	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moraine View State Recreation Area is a state park operated by the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) of the U.S. state of Illinois.	Moraine View State Recreation Area	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Agat Invasion Beach is a historic site in the village of Agat, Guam.	Agat Invasion Beach	Agat, Guam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrixum (Fering: Wraksem) is a municipality on the island of Föhr, in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Wrixum	Nordfriesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wickenburg Municipal Airport (FAA LID: E25) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) west of the central business district of Wickenburg, in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.	Wickenburg Municipal Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niemieńsko (ɲɛˈmjɛɲskɔ) (German: Nemischhof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Niemieńsko	Gmina Drawno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komoq (Persian: كمق‎, also Romanized as Kamaq; also known as Kūmak) is a village in Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District, Firuz District, Kowsar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Komoq	Sanjabad-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khezerchupan (Persian: خضرچوپان‎, also Romanized as Khez̤erchūpān) is a village in Oryad Rural District, in the Central District of Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Khezerchupan	Oryad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Point Au View is one of the best examples of Italian villa architecture in the U.S. state of Kentucky.	Point Au View	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiercica (vjɛrˈt͡ɕit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyrów, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wiercica	Gmina Przyrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paljor Stadium, also known as Palzor Stadium is an association football stadium located in Gangtok, Sikkim, India.	Paljor Stadium	Gangtok
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vaisigano is a political district at the western tip of Savai'i island in Samoa.	Vaisigano	Samoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seeley Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located south of the confluence of the Skeena and Bulkley Rivers at Hazelton, and to the south of that settlement.	Seeley Lake Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheriff Hutton is a village and civil parish in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire, England.	Sheriff Hutton	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evergreen Museum & Library, also known as Evergreen House, is a historical museum of the Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, USA.	Evergreen Museum & Library	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cézembre is an island in Brittany, in the Ille-et-Vilaine département of France, near Saint-Malo.	Cézembre	Saint-Malo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Soden (also: Bad Soden am Taunus) is a town and spa in the Main-Taunus-Kreis, Hesse, Germany.	Bad Soden	Main-Taunus-Kreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narg-e Musa (Persian: نارگ موسي‎, also Romanized as Nārg-e Mūsá; also known as Nārak Mūsá, Nārj-e Mūsá, and Nārj Mūsā) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District, in the Central District of Basht County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Narg-e Musa	Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Battle Branch Mine, sometimes referred to as the Battle Creek Mine, was located near the town of Auraria in Lumpkin County, Georgia.	Battle Branch Mine	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nottoway Correctional Center is an all-male state prison in Burkeville, Nottoway County, Virginia, USA.	Nottoway Correctional Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruifang District (Chinese: 瑞芳區; Hanyu Pinyin: Ruìfāng Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Rueìfang Cyu; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Sūi-hong-khu) is a suburban district in eastern New Taipei City, Taiwan.	Ruifang District	New Taipei City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alonzo Herndon Stadium, named for Alonzo Herndon, is a 15,011-seat stadium on the campus of Morris Brown College in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Herndon Stadium	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanley Track is a track and field complex located in Kalamazoo, Michigan.	Kanley Track	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cabin Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service compound consisting of six simple rustic buildings located in the Deschutes National Forest in central Oregon.	Cabin Lake Guard Station	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meshkan District (Persian: بخش مشکان‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Khoshab County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Meshkan District	Khoshab County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedleszczany (ɕɛdlɛʂˈt͡ʂanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baranów Sandomierski, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Siedleszczany	Gmina Baranów Sandomierski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clay's Hope is a historic home in Bellevue, Talbot County, Maryland, United States.	Clay's Hope	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nasutów (naˈsutuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niemce, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nasutów	Gmina Niemce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lopez Island Airport (FAA LID: S31) is a public use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) south of the central business district of Lopez, a village on Lopez Island in San Juan County, Washington, United States.	Lopez Island Airport	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dolaucothi Gold Mines (grid reference SN662403), also known as the Ogofau Gold Mine, are Roman surface and underground mines located in the valley of the River Cothi, near Pumsaint, Carmarthenshire, Wales.	Dolaucothi Gold Mines	Carmarthenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Pickett, is a Virginia Army National Guard installation, located near the town of Blackstone, Virginia.	Fort Pickett	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biggs Site (15Gp8), also known as the Portsmouth Earthworks Group C, is an Adena culture archaeological site located near South Shore in Greenup County, Kentucky.	Biggs Site	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Templemore (Irish: An Teampall Mór, meaning ``The Big Church'') is a town in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Templemore	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John and Sarah Sheffield House, also known as Paradise Springs Farm, in southeast Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon, is a two-story dwelling listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	John and Sarah Sheffield House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Ajam (Persian: بنه عجم‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye ``Ajam; also known as Bon ``Ajam) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 131, in 26 families.	Boneh-ye Ajam	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Arboretum Main-Taunus (76 hectares) is an arboretum located on Am Weissen Stein, just southwest of Eschborn, Hesse, Germany.	Arboretum Main-Taunus	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostróda County (Polish: powiat ostródzki) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Ostróda County	Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Milingimbi Islands Important Bird Area comprises 94 km2 of land in the Milingimbi, or Crocodile Islands group, of the Northern Territory of Australia.	Milingimbi Islands Important Bird Area	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arizabad (Persian: عريزاباد‎, also Romanized as ʿArīzābād; also known as ``Azīzābād) is a village in Vahdat Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 263, in 61 families.	Arizabad	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eastport Municipal Airport (ICAO: KEPM, FAA LID: EPM) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Eastport, a city in Washington County, Maine, United States.	Eastport Municipal Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheridan State Scenic Corridor is a state park in the Columbia River Gorge, west of Cascade Locks, Oregon.	Sheridan State Scenic Corridor	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sehchi (Persian: سه چي‎, also Romanized as Sehchī; also known as Sī Chī and Sūchī) is a village in Qaleh Biyaban Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Sehchi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake County Courthouse and Sheriff's Residence, located at 601 3rd Avenue in Two Harbors, Lake County in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1906.	Lake County Courthouse and Sheriff's Residence	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armour High School is the only high school in Armour, South Dakota.	Armour High School	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fo Tan Nullah (Chinese: 火炭渠) is one of the nullahs of Shing Mun River in Fo Tan, Hong Kong.	Fo Tan Nullah	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strzeszowice (stʂɛʂɔˈvit͡sɛ) (formerly German Tzschacksdorf, Schacksdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebiel, within Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland, close to the German border.	Strzeszowice	Gmina Trzebiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Mateo Río Hondo is the name of a town and municipality in the state of Oaxaca, Mexico.	San Mateo Río Hondo	Oaxaca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chwalibogowice (xfalibɔɡɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opatowiec, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Chwalibogowice	Gmina Opatowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pingry School is a coeducational, independent, college preparatory country day school in New Jersey, with a Lower School (K-5) campus in the Short Hills neighborhood of Millburn, and a Middle and Upper School campus in the Basking Ridge section of Bernards Township.	Pingry School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Potocka (ˈvɔla pɔˈtɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potok Wielki, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Potocka	Gmina Potok Wielki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Basin Prairie Preserve is a 1,818 acres (7.36 km2; 2.84 sq mi) nature preserve owned and managed by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.	Big Basin Prairie Preserve	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razan County (Persian: شهرستان رزن‎) is a county in Hamadan Province in Iran.	Razan County	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harmonie Centre, also known as the Breitmeyer-Tobin Building, is an eight-story commercial building located at 1308 Broadway Street (at the corner of Broadway and Gratiot) in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Harmonie Centre	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korovin Volcano is the highest point on Atka Island in the Aleutian Islands chain Alaska, United States.	Korovin Volcano	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lui Seng Chun (Chinese: 雷生春) is a Grade I Historic Building located at 119 Lai Chi Kok Road, in Mong Kok, Hong Kong, at the junction with Tong Mi Road.	Lui Seng Chun	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Peter le Poer was a church on the west side of Broad Street in the City of London.	St Peter le Poer	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1517 (FM 1517) was a farm-to-market road in Bexar County, Texas, running along Eckhert Road from 1949 to 2014.	Farm to Market Road 1517	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aberdeen Pavilion (Pavillon Aberdeen in French) is an exhibition hall in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	Aberdeen Pavilion	Ottawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Timothy M. Younglove Octagon House built in 1859 is an historic octagonal house located at 8329 Pleasant Valley Road in the town of Urbana near Hammondsport, New York.	Timothy M. Younglove Octagon House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chavan-e Olya (Persian: چوان عليا‎, also Romanized as Chavān-e ``Olyā) is a village in Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Maragheh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 995, in 194 families.	Chavan-e Olya	Sarajuy-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centre County Christian Academy (CCCA) is a private, independent, nondenominational Christian school located in Bellefonte, Pennsylvania.	Centre County Christian Academy	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rutki-Borki (ˈrutki ˈbɔrki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanów, within Ciechanów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rutki-Borki	Gmina Ciechanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Badinabad-e Mangur (Persian: بادين ابادمنگور‎, also Romanized as Bādīnābād-e Mangūr) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Badinabad-e Mangur	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bidford-on-Avon is a large village and civil parish in the English county of Warwickshire.	Bidford-on-Avon	Warwickshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carabobo State (Spanish: Estado Carabobo, IPA: (esˈtaðo kaɾaˈβoβo)) is one of the 23 states of Venezuela, located in the north of the country, about two hours by car from Caracas.	Carabobo	Venezuela
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow, listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Dutch Reformed Church (Sleepy Hollow), is a 17th-century stone church located on Albany Post Road (U.S. Route 9) in Sleepy Hollow, New York, United States.	Old Dutch Church of Sleepy Hollow	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stonewall Jackson's Headquarters Museum is a historic house located at 415 North Braddock Street in the Historic District of Winchester, Virginia.	Stonewall Jackson's Headquarters Museum	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponsongath is a hamlet west of Coverack in west Cornwall, England.	Ponsongath	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veterans Field is a baseball venue in Laredo, Texas.	Veterans Field	Laredo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peachtree Street is one of several major streets running through the city of Atlanta.	Peachtree Street	Atlanta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wo Yang Shan (Chinese: 禾秧山), located in the New Territories, is the fifth highest peak in Hong Kong.	Wo Yang Shan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Walls of Jerusalem National Park is a national park located in the Central Highlands region of Tasmania, Australia.	Walls of Jerusalem National Park	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedlanów (ɕedˈlanuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzyń Podlaski, within Radzyń Podlaski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Siedlanów	Gmina Radzyń Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Swedish Heritage Center is a museum of Swedish memorabilia located at 301 N. Charde in Oakland, Nebraska.	Swedish Heritage Center	Oakland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Bullis Military Training Reservation is a U.S. Army training camp comprising 27,990 acres (113.3 km2) in Bexar County, Texas, USA, just northwest of San Antonio.	Camp Bullis	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Porterville Municipal Airport (IATA: PTV, ICAO: KPTV, FAA LID: PTV) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of Porterville, a city in Tulare County, California, United States.	Porterville Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Duval is a neighborhood within the City of Key West, Florida in Monroe County, United States.	Upper Duval	Key West
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cunevo (German: Kuen, Ladin: Cunéo or Cunéu) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north of Trento.	Cunevo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brodick Castle is a castle situated outside the port of Brodick on the Isle of Arran, an island in the Firth of Clyde, Scotland.	Brodick Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahid Hashemi Nizhad (Persian: شهيدهاشمي نژاد‎, also Romanized as Shahīd Hāshemī Nizhād) is a village in Tus Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahid Hashemi Nizhad	Tus Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pacific Northern Academy (PNA) is a private, independent school located in Anchorage, Alaska.	Pacific Northern Academy	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frasunek (fraˈsunɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borek Wielkopolski, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Frasunek	Gmina Borek Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Bardbaran (Persian: شهرك بردبران‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Bardbarān) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Bardbaran	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lombard Street Bridge is a historic truss bridge located at Baltimore, Maryland, United States.	Lombard Street Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bridgewater-Raritan Regional School District is a regional public school district serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from the municipalities of Bridgewater Township and Raritan Borough in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	Bridgewater-Raritan Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Six Rivers National Forest is a U.S. National Forest located in the northwestern corner of California.	Six Rivers National Forest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Tarbuyeh (Persian: تنگ تربوئيه‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Tarbūyeh) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Tarbuyeh	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medisch Spectrum Twente (MST) is the hospital of the city of Enschede.	Medisch Spectrum Twente	Enschede
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ankhiya is a village from Guda Malani tehsil of Barmer district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Ankhiya	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabowden is a community in northern Manitoba.	Wabowden	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podlesie Wysokie (pɔdˈlɛɕɛ vɨˈsɔkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieścisko, within Wągrowiec County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Podlesie Wysokie	Gmina Mieścisko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Walnut Woods State Park is a state park of Iowa, US, located in suburban West Des Moines.	Walnut Woods State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pirbaneh (Persian: پيربنه‎, also Romanized as Pīrbaneh and Pir-e Boneh) is a village in Mashiz Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pirbaneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lalkeh Poshteh (Persian: للكه پشته‎; also known as Lalkeh Posht) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Lalkeh Poshteh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aboño is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.	Aboño	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bradville is a housing development in the civil parish of Stantonbury within Milton Keynes in Buckinghamshire, England.	Bradville	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chancellor James P. Carroll House, located in Aiken, South Carolina, was built by James Parsons Carroll, Chancellor of South Carolina.	Chancellor James P. Carroll House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West Lebanon-Pike Township Public Library in West Lebanon, Indiana, United States, is a Carnegie library serving southwestern Warren County.	West Lebanon-Pike Township Public Library	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pochuta is surrounded by Chimaltenango Department municipalities except on the west, where it borders San Lucas Tolimán, a Sololá Department municipality:	Pochuta	Chimaltenango Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peterview is a town located in the Exploits Valley area of central Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, where Peters River empties into the Bay of Exploits, just south of Botwood, off Route 350.	Peterview	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tennena Cone is a subglacial mound in northern British Columbia, Canada, located just southwest of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.	Tennena Cone	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gabrielse Cone is a remarkably fresh, clearly postglacial monogenetic cinder cone, located in the Tuya Volcanic Field in British Columbia, Canada.	Gabrielse Cone	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clary's Mountain Historic District comprises 8 acres (3.2 ha) on either side of Hammond's Mill Road east of Hedgesville, West Virginia.	Clary's Mountain Historic District	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Sadurní d'Anoia is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Penedès in Catalonia, Spain; and the centre of production of a sparkling wine known as cava.	Sant Sadurní d'Anoia	Alt Penedès
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lengyel (literally: ``Pole'', German: Lendl) is the highest inhabited village in Tolna County, Hungary.	Lengyel	Tolna County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kanjirappally is a taluk and a town in Kottayam district situated about 38 kilometres away from the district capital, in the state of Kerala, India.	Kanjirappally	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chludowo (xluˈdɔvɔ) (German: Truppenfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suchy Las, within Poznań County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Chludowo	Gmina Suchy Las
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Duluth Depot is a historic train station in Duluth, Minnesota, United States.	Duluth Depot	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safiabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان صفي آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Safiabad Rural District	Bam and Safiabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenapp Castle, formerly the family seat of the Earl of Inchcape, is now a luxury hotel and restaurant located in Ballantrae, South Ayrshire, Scotland.	Glenapp Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDGE (branded as 102.1 The Edge) is a Fort Worth-Dallas, Texas, based radio station operating on FM frequency 102.1.	KDGE	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poverty Valley Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPV9), is a small aerodrome located near Poverty Valley, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Poverty Valley Aerodrome	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aiken's Wash is an archaeologically and geologically significant wash located in the Mojave National Preserve in San Bernardino County, California.	Aiken's Wash	San Bernardino County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moreruela Abbey is situated to the west of Granja de Moreruela, about 35 kilometres north of the town of Zamora close to the left bank of the Esla, a tributary of the Duero.	Moreruela Abbey	Granja de Moreruela
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWRD-FM is a Christian radio station with studios located in Irving, Texas, United States.	KWRD-FM	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Danny Woo International District Community Garden is a community garden on the outskirts of the International District, Seattle, Washington.	Danny Woo International District Community Garden	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drochów Dolny (ˈdrɔxuf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morawica, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Drochów Dolny	Gmina Morawica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosieczyn (kɔˈɕet͡ʂɨn) (German: Kuschten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbąszynek, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Kosieczyn	Gmina Zbąszynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podenzana is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Massa and Carrara in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Florence and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Massa.	Podenzana	Province of Massa and Carrara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bharri is a village situated in the northeastern Bihar district of Katihar.	Bharri	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churwell is a small village in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England, between Leeds city centre and Morley.	Churwell	Leeds
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bachanlu (Persian: بچنلو‎, also Romanized as Bachanlū) is a village in Solduz Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bachanlu	Solduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shur Kal (Persian: شوركال‎, also Romanized as Shūr Kāl; also known as Kāl Shūr Şedāqat) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shur Kal	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHFW is a Catholic Religious formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Winchester, Virginia, serving City of Winchester, along with Eastern Frederick County and Western Clarke County in Virginia.	WHFW	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pamięcice (pamjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pałecznica, within Proszowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Pamięcice	Gmina Pałecznica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chwalimka (xfaˈlʲimka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Chwalimka	Gmina Barwice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khimki (Russian: Химки; IPA: (ˈxʲimkʲɪ)) is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia, situated just northwest of Moscow, at the west bank of the Moscow Canal.	Khimki	Moscow Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rębiska (rɛmˈbiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rębiska	Gmina Szemud
member of sports team	Renaud Ripart (born 14 March 1993) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique.	Renaud Ripart	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Darko Jevtić (born 8 February 1993) is a Swiss professional footballer who is currently playing for Lech Poznań in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Darko Jevtić	Lech Poznań
member of sports team	Victor Nyirenda (born 23 August 1988 in Blantyre) is a Malawian footballer, who currently plays for Berjaya Dong Nai F.C.	Victor Nyirenda	Dong Nai F.C.
member of sports team	Ilya Kaznadey (born June 22, 1989) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for HK Neman Grodno of the (BXL).	Ilya Kaznadey	HK Neman Grodno
member of sports team	Vlastimir Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Властимир Јовановић ; born 3 April 1985 in Doboj) is a Bosnian football defensive midfielder who plays for Korona Kielce and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Vlastimir Jovanović	Korona Kielce
member of sports team	Lamin Conteh (born 20 June 1976 in Freetown), widely known by his nickname Junior Tumbu, is a Sierra Leonean international footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Perlis FA.	Lamin Conteh	Perlis FA
member of sports team	Raed Fares (Arabic: رائد فارس‎; born December 6, 1982 in Gaza, Palestine) is a Palestinian professional football (soccer) player currently playing for Jerusalem side Hilal Al-Quds of the West Bank Premier League.	Raed Fares	Hilal Al-Quds
member of sports team	Tory Epps (May 28, 1967 -- June 1, 2005) was an American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons, the Chicago Bears, and the New Orleans Saints.	Tory Epps	Atlanta Falcons	Chicago Bears	New Orleans Saints
member of sports team	Zeferino Martins, also known as Ze Martins (born September 5, 1985) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Ad. Dili Oeste and the Timor-Leste national team.	Zeferino Martins	Ad. Dili Oeste
member of sports team	Leonardo Hermes Lau or simply Lê (born December 18, 1984 in Santa Cruz do Sul), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder, he is currently playing for Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo.	Leonardo Hermes Lau	Esporte Clube Novo Hamburgo
member of sports team	Woody Gibson (born 5 March 1993 in Providenciales) is a Turks and Caicos Islander footballer who plays for AFC Academy and the Turks and Caicos Islands national team.	Woody Gibson	AFC Academy
member of sports team	Will Sherman (October 20, 1927 -- October 11, 1997) was an American football defensive back who played with the National Football League's Los Angeles Rams from 1954 to 1960.	Will Sherman	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Velimir Stojnić (Serbian Cyrillic: Велимир Стојнић; born 29 October 1962) is a Bosnian Serb football manager and former player, currently managing FK Kozara Gradiška in the First League of the Republika Srpska.	Velimir Stojnić	FK Kozara Gradiška
member of sports team	Eric Beverly (born March 28, 1974 in Cleveland, Ohio) was an American football tight end who played for the Detroit Lions and the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League.	Eric Beverly	Detroit Lions	Atlanta Falcons
member of sports team	Wilburn Glynn Griffing (born December 1, 1940 in Bentonia, Mississippi) is a former American football quarterback who played one season for the New York Giants in the National Football League.	Glynn Griffing	New York Giants
member of sports team	Vasil Ruci (born 17 February 1958 in Vlorë) is an Albanian former football player and coach who spent his entire career with Flamurtari Vlorë between 1976 and 1993.	Vasil Ruci	Flamurtari Vlorë
member of sports team	Jeong Da-woon (born October 23, 1984; Hangul: 정다운) is a South Korean football player who plays as a forward for Yesan FC in the National League in South Korea.	Jeong Da-woon	Yesan FC
member of sports team	Dale Hatcher (born April 5, 1963) is a former American football punter for the Los Angeles Rams and the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL).	Dale Hatcher	Los Angeles Rams	Miami Dolphins
member of sports team	Curtis Dublanko (born February 12, 1988) is a professional Canadian football linebacker who most recently played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Curtis Dublanko	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Karim El Ahmadi Aroussi (Arabic: كريم الأحمدي; born 27 January 1985) is a professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Feyenoord in the Eredivisie and the Morocco national team.	Karim El Ahmadi	Feyenoord
member of sports team	Daniel Kolář (born 27 October 1985) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for Czech club FC Viktoria Plzeň and the Czech Republic national team as an attacking midfielder.	Daniel Kolář	FC Viktoria Plzeň
member of sports team	Tony Case (born July 10, 1982 in Jacksonville, NC) is an American football long snapper formerly for the New England Patriots of the National Football League.	Tony Case	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Tuomas Tarkki (born February 28, 1980 in Rauma, Finland) is a Finnish professional ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk of the Kontinental Hockey League.	Tuomas Tarkki	HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
member of sports team	On 30 June 2014 Fredrik Semb Berge made a transfer for an undisclosed fee from the Norwegian side Odds BK and signed a four-year-contract with the Danish giants Brøndby IF which ties him to the club until the summer 2018.	Fredrik Semb Berge	Brøndby IF
member of sports team	Zheng Bin (simplified Chinese: 郑斌; traditional Chinese: 鄭斌; pinyin: Zhèng Bīn; born July 4, 1977) is a Chinese assistant football coach who is currently with Wuhan Zall F.C. as well as also being a former international player.	Zheng Bin	Wuhan Zall F.C.
member of sports team	Cole Liniak (August 23, 1976 in Encinitas, California) is a retired Major League Baseball player who played infielder from 1999-2000 for the Chicago Cubs.	Cole Liniak	Chicago Cubs
member of sports team	Saša Blagojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Саша Благојевић ; born 1 February 1989 in Smederevo) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa.	Saša Blagojević	FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa
member of sports team	Isabelle Linden began her junior career at VfR Fischenich and SC Fortuna Köln before joining the senior team of SC Fortuna Köln.	Isabelle Linden	SC Fortuna Köln
member of sports team	Joey Sides (born March 4, 1986) is an American professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Wichita Thunder of the ECHL.	Joey Sides	Wichita Thunder
member of sports team	Danny Koevermans (born 1 November 1978 in Schiedam) is a Dutch former footballer who currently works as a coach for Sparta Rotterdam.	Danny Koevermans	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Joakim Olausson (born 14 April 1995) is a Swedish footballer who last played as a midfielder for Swedish Superettan club Örgryte IS.	Joakim Olausson	Örgryte IS
member of sports team	Graham Gano (born April 9, 1987) is a Scottish American football placekicker for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League (NFL).	Graham Gano	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Valdan Nimani (born 5 March 1987 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as an offensive midfielder for KF Laçi in the Albanian Superliga.	Valdan Nimani	KF Laçi
member of sports team	Goran Antunovič (Serbian: Горан Антуновић; born 2 March 1989 in Novi Sad) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for KFC Komárno.	Goran Antunovič	KFC Komárno
member of sports team	Cyril Stacul (born 12 October 1984) is a French professional rugby league footballer for Catalans Dragons of Super League.	Cyril Stacul	Catalans Dragons
member of sports team	Bill Becher (born in Wheeling, West Virginia) is a former American soccer player and the current head coach of the Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Professional League.	Bill Becher	Harrisburg City Islanders
member of sports team	Mario Pérez Zúñiga (born 17 June 1982 in Mexico City) is a Mexican footballer playing for Club Necaxa in Ascenso MX.	Mario Pérez Zúñiga	Club Necaxa
member of sports team	Sadio Sankharé (born 9 July 1981 in Paris, France) is a French football defender who played a total of 35 matches in Ligue 2 for Grenoble Foot 38 and Nîmes Olympique.	Sadio Sankharé	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Javier Añez Rivas (born 21 February 1996) is a Bolivian footballer who plays as a Defender for Enrique Happ.	Javier Añez Rivas	Enrique Happ
member of sports team	Darryl Edestrand (born November 6, 1945) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who played 455 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the St. Louis Blues, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins, Boston Bruins, and Los Angeles Kings.	Darryl Edestrand	St. Louis Blues	Philadelphia Flyers	Pittsburgh Penguins	Boston Bruins	Los Angeles Kings
member of sports team	Huỳnh Tấn Tài (born 17 August 1994) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V-League club Đồng Tâm Long An F.C.	Huỳnh Tấn Tài	Đồng Tâm Long An F.C.
member of sports team	Josep Samitier Vilalta (2 February 1902 -- 4 May 1972), also known as José Samitier, was a Spanish footballer, manager and scout who played for FC Barcelona, Madrid CF, OGC Nice, the Catalan XI and Spain.	Josep Samitier	FC Barcelona
member of sports team	Malcolm Joseph (born 10 October 1993) is an international footballer from Dominica, who plays as a Defender for the Dominica national football team.	Malcolm Joseph	Dominica national football team
member of sports team	Shuto Nakahara (中原 秀人, born October 29, 1990) is a Japanese football player currently playing for Avispa Fukuoka.	Shuto Nakahara	Avispa Fukuoka
member of sports team	Dadang Sudrajat is an Indonesian footballer who plays for Persib Bandung as a goalkeeper.	Dadang Sudrajat	Persib Bandung
member of sports team	Heri Saputra (born on August 28, 1989) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Pusamania Borneo F.C..	Heri Saputra	Pusamania Borneo F.C.
member of sports team	Frank Adu Kwame (born May 16, 1985) is a Ghanaian footballer, who is currently playing for Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała in the Ekstraklasa, on loan from LZS Piotrówka.	Frank Adu Kwame	Podbeskidzie Bielsko-Biała
member of sports team	Luke Dorn (born 2 July 1982 in Maitland, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Castleford Tigers club in the Super League.	Luke Dorn	Castleford Tigers
member of sports team	Timothy Thomas Ryan (born September 2, 1968) is a former American football offensive lineman who played for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the National Football League.	Timothy Thomas Ryan	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Hayden Smith (born April 10, 1985) is a professional rugby union player for Saracens FC in England, and also plays for the United States national rugby union team.	Hayden Smith	Saracens
member of sports team	Milutin Aleksić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милутин Алексић, born April 28, 1982) is a Serbian professional basketball player who last played for AS Monaco Basket.	Milutin Aleksić	AS Monaco Basket
member of sports team	Fábio Alexandre Martins Sapateiro (born 18 August 1990 in Arrentela, Portugal) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Clube de Futebol Esperança de Lagos, as a goalkeeper.	Fábio Alexandre Martins Sapateiro	Clube de Futebol Esperança de Lagos
member of sports team	Damien Reid is a professional rugby league footballer, playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Gateshead Thunder, Barrow Raiders, Castleford Tigers, Widnes Vikings, Sheffield Eagles, and Rochdale Hornets, as a Centre.	Damien Reid	Gateshead Thunder	Barrow Raiders	Castleford Tigers	Widnes Vikings	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Yevhen Nemtinov (Ukrainian: Євген Сергійович Немтінов; born 3 October 1995 in Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently playing plays for FC Dynamo Kyiv.	Yevhen Nemtinov	FC Dynamo Kyiv
member of sports team	Ahmed Khalifa (born March 23, 1985) is an Egyptian football player who plays as a Midfielder for the Egyptian team El-Olympi.	Ahmed Khalifa	El-Olympi
member of sports team	Farouk Chafaï (born June 23, 1990 in Algiers) is an Algerian professional footballer who is currently playing for USM Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1.	Farouk Chafaï	USM Alger
member of sports team	Gary Spani (born January 9, 1956) is a former NFL linebacker who played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1978--1986.	Gary Spani	Kansas City Chiefs
member of sports team	Nikola Leković (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Лековић; born 19 December 1989) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Lechia Gdańsk.	Nikola Leković	Lechia Gdańsk
member of sports team	Jesper Mikkelsen (born 26 July 1980) is a former Danish footballer who plays as a left back for Danish Superliga side Silkeborg IF.	Jesper Mikkelsen	Silkeborg IF
member of sports team	Matt Snell (born August 18, 1941) is a retired professional football player who played for the New York Jets.	Matt Snell	New York Jets
member of sports team	Diogo Filipe Costa Rocha (born 3 May 1995), known as Rochinha, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Belgian club Standard Liège.	Rochinha	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Néstor Albiach Roger (born 18 August 1992), simply known as Néstor, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Czech club FK Dukla Prague as a forward.	Néstor Albiach	FK Dukla Prague
member of sports team	Jiří Hudler (/ˈjɪriː ˈhʌdlər/; Czech: (ˈjɪr̝iː ˈɦudlɛr); born January 4, 1984) is a Czech professional ice hockey player and alternate captain for the Calgary Flames of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Jiří Hudler	Calgary Flames
member of sports team	Fabjan Tomić (born 15 June 1995) is a Croatian football goalkeeper, currently playing for NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac in the Druga HNL on loan from Hajduk Split.	Fabjan Tomić	NK Hrvatski Dragovoljac
member of sports team	Jóhann Laxdal (born 27 January 1990) is an Icelandic football player, currently playing for Icelandic football club Stjarnan.	Jóhann Laxdal	Stjarnan
member of sports team	Theo Valls (born 18 December 1995) is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 2 side Nîmes Olympique as a midfielder.	Theo Valls	Nîmes Olympique
member of sports team	Juan Ramón Gómez-Pimpollo López (born 18 January 1995), commonly known as Juanra, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Atlético Astorga FC on loan from Albacete Balompié as a right back.	Juan Ramón Gómez-Pimpollo López	Atlético Astorga FC
member of sports team	Leigh Cowlishaw (born 16 December 1970 in Burton upon Trent) is a former English footballer and current manager for Richmond Kickers in the USL Professional Division.	Leigh Cowlishaw	Richmond Kickers
member of sports team	Guillermo Beltrán (born June 25, 1984 in San Juan Bautista, Paraguay) is a Paraguayan footballer who is currently playing for Vitória, on loan from Cerro Porteño.	Guillermo Beltrán	Cerro Porteño
member of sports team	Altay Kahraman (born 28 July 1989) is a footballer from Switzerland who previously played as midfielder for FC Aarau in the Swiss Super League.	Altay Kahraman	FC Aarau
member of sports team	Roman Yaremchuk (Ukrainian: Роман Олегович Яремчук; born 27 November 1995 in Lviv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Roman Yaremchuk	FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv
member of sports team	Melvin Erskine Thomason (born August 13, 1948) was a professional baseball player whose career spanned seven seasons, one of which was spent with the Major League Baseball (MLB) Philadelphia Phillies.	Erskine Thomason	Philadelphia Phillies
member of sports team	Andrey Almeida (born 10 April 1988 in Londrina) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Sport Huancayo of the Torneo Descentralizado in Peru.	Andrey Almeida	Sport Huancayo
member of sports team	Aristote Lusinga (born 20 February 1990 in Nantes) is a French-Angolan footballer who plays for French club Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football in the Championnat National.	Aristote Lusinga	Vendée Poiré-sur-Vie Football
member of sports team	Derek Ross (born January 5, 1980, in Rock Hill, South Carolina) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys, Atlanta Falcons, and the Minnesota Vikings.	Derek Ross	Dallas Cowboys	Atlanta Falcons	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Mike Mulvey (born in Manchester) is an English football manager whose currently the head coach of Malaysia Super League club Terengganu FA.	Mike Mulvey	Terengganu FA
member of sports team	Germán Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro (born 25 July 1990), known simply as Germán, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Murcia as a midfielder.	Germán Sáenz de Miera Colmeiro	Real Murcia
member of sports team	Günter Hirschmann (born 8 December 1935) is a former German football player who spent almost his entire senior career at 1. FC Magdeburg and its predecessors.	Günter Hirschmann	1. FC Magdeburg
member of sports team	Gabriel Macuvele, commonly known as Gabito (born 4 February 1981), is a Mozambican footballer who plays for Moçambola side C.D. Maxaquene and the Mozambican national football team as a defender.	Gabriel Macuvele	C.D. Maxaquene
member of sports team	Ogunboye Iyanu Ezekiel (born on June 26, 1992 in Lagos) is a Nigerian footballer (Striker) currently playing for Kuala Lumpur FA in Malaysia Premier League.	Ogunboye Iyanu Ezekiel	Kuala Lumpur FA
member of sports team	Jhonder Leonel Cádiz Fernández (born 29 July 1995), simply known as Jhonder Cádiz, is a Venezuelan footballer who plays for Portuguese side C.F. União on loan from Caracas.	Jhonder Cádiz	C.F. União
member of sports team	Sergei Sergeyevich Yegorov (Russian: Серге́й Серге́евич Егоров; born August 5, 1975) is a Russian professional football coach currently managing FC Zelenograd in the Russian Second Division.	Sergei Sergeyevich Yegorov	FC Zelenograd
member of sports team	Martin Regáli (born 12 October 1993), is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for MFK Zemplín Michalovce as a forward.	Martin Regáli	MFK Zemplín Michalovce
member of sports team	Aleksandr Gennadyevich Alekseyev (Russian: Александр Геннадьевич Алексеев; born August 23, 1989) is a Russian football forward, who currently playing for FC Pskov-747 Pskov.	Aleksandr Gennadyevich Alekseyev	FC Pskov-747 Pskov
member of sports team	Raúl Moreno Artalejo (born 21 November 1979 in Madrid) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a goalkeeper.	Raúl Moreno	Mérida AD
member of sports team	Xavier Mous (born 4 August 1995) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays in the Dutch Eerste Divisie as a goalkeeper for FC Oss, on loan from Ajax, in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Xavier Mous	FC Oss
member of sports team	Mark O'Meley (born 22 May 1981 in West Wyalong, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for Hull F.C. of Super League.	Mark O'Meley	Hull F.C.
member of sports team	Amir Ružnić (born 30 October 1972) is a Slovene sports agent and former football player, who played as a midfielder and was capped once for the Slovenia national football team.	Amir Ružnić	Slovenia national football team
member of sports team	Mateusz Lewandowski (born 18 March 1993) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Polish Ekstraklasa side Pogoń Szczecin.	Mateusz Lewandowski	Pogoń Szczecin
member of sports team	Byron Wesley, Jr. (born December 26, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA Development League.	Byron Wesley	Sioux Falls Skyforce
member of sports team	Timor Avitan (Hebrew: תימור אביטן‎; born 27 November 1991) is an Israeli professional association football player who plays for F.C. Ashdod.	Timor Avitan	F.C. Ashdod
member of sports team	Salim Moizini (born 17 October 1985 in Marseille) is a French professional footballer of Comorian descent, who plays for CA Bastia in the Ligue 2.	Salim Moizini	CA Bastia
member of sports team	Nick Ries (born 14 July 1982) is a former Australian rules footballer who played as a midfielder for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Nick Ries	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	Ruey Young Bussey (October 4, 1917-January 7, 1945) was a professional American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League.	Young Bussey	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Shkodran Maholli (born 10 April 1993) is a Swedish footballer of Kosovar Albanian descent who plays for Åtvidabergs FF as a striker.	Shkodran Maholli	Åtvidabergs FF
member of sports team	Niels Lodberg (born October 14, 1980) is a former Danish professional football player in the centre back position, who played at AC Horsens for the most of his career.	Niels Lodberg	AC Horsens
member of sports team	Andrea Pisani (born 15 September 1987 in Castelfranco Veneto) is a professional footballer, who currently plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione side, Calcio Portogruaro Summaga, in co-ownership with Serie A giants Juventus.	Andrea Pisani	Calcio Portogruaro Summaga
member of sports team	Pantelis Hatzidiakos (Greek: Παντελής Χατζηδιάκος) (born 18 Januari 1997) is a Greece-Dutch footballer who plays as a Centre Back for AZ Alkmaar.	Pantelis Hatzidiakos	AZ Alkmaar
member of sports team	Steve Mautone (born 10 August 1970) is an Australian football (soccer) coach with Melbourne Victory in the A-League.	Steve Mautone	Melbourne Victory
member of sports team	Gaspar Panadero Zamora, simply known as Gaspar (born 9 December 1997), is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Almería B as a left winger.	Gaspar Panadero	UD Almería B
member of sports team	Sebastian Mielitz (born 18 July 1989, in Zehdenick) is a German Goalkeeper who currently plays for SpVgg Greuther Fürth.	Sebastian Mielitz	Greuther Fürth
member of sports team	Kao Hao-chieh (Chinese: 高豪傑, born July 24, 1980) is a Taiwanese football player who currently plays for Tatung F.C. as a defender.	Kao Hao-chieh	Tatung F.C.
member of sports team	Sturla Ásgeirsson (born July 20, 1980) is an Icelandic handball player who currently plays for HSG Düsseldorf in Germany.	Sturla Ásgeirsson	HSG Düsseldorf
member of sports team	Bryan Schmidt (born July 27, 1981) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Nottingham Panthers of the EIHL.	Bryan Schmidt	Nottingham Panthers
member of sports team	Csaba Regedei (born 16 January 1983) is a Hungarian footballer who currently plays as a defender with Hungarian second division team Gyirmót SE.	Csaba Regedei	Gyirmót SE
member of sports team	Ilija Pantelić (2 August 1942 -- 17 November 2014) was a Serbian football goalkeeper who played at Euro 1968 for SFR Yugoslavia, and in France for Olympique de Marseille, SEC Bastia and Paris SG.	Ilija Pantelić	Olympique de Marseille
member of sports team	Wes Hamilton (born April 24, 1953 in Texas City, Texas) is a former American football offensive lineman who was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the 3rd round in the 1976 NFL Draft.	Wes Hamilton	Minnesota Vikings
member of sports team	Melisa Hasanbegović (born 13 April 1995) is a Bosnian football defender who plays SFK 2000.	Melisa Hasanbegović	SFK 2000
member of sports team	June Mar Fajardo (born November 17, 1989) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays center for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.	June Mar Fajardo	San Miguel Beermen
member of sports team	Maximilian Philipp (born 1 March 1994) is a German footballer who plays as an midfielder for SC Freiburg in the Bundesliga.	Maximilian Philipp	SC Freiburg
member of sports team	Christian Brüls (born 30 September 1988 in Malmedy, Province of Liège) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Belgian club Standard Liège, on loan from French club Stade Rennais FC.	Christian Brüls	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Antouman Jallow (born 11 June 1981 in Uppsala) is a Swedish soccer player of Gambian heritage who currently plays for Sandvikens IF in the Swedish Division 2.	Antouman Jallow	Sandvikens IF
member of sports team	Mayckol Guaipe (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈmaikol ˈɡwaipe); born August 11, 1990) is a Venezuelan professional baseball pitcher for the Seattle Mariners of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Mayckol Guaipe	Seattle Mariners
member of sports team	Wolfgang Rolff played in 356 Bundesliga matches (47 goals) for Hamburger SV, Bayer 04 Leverkusen, Bayer 05 Uerdingen, Karlsruher SC and 1.	Wolfgang Rolff	Hamburger SV	Karlsruher SC
member of sports team	Pavol Šafranko (born 16 November 1994) is a Slovak football forwward who currently plays for FO ŽP Šport Podbrezová, on loan from the Slovak 2.	Pavol Šafranko	ŽP Šport Podbrezová
member of sports team	René Pitter (born 8 July 1989) is an Austrian former professional association football player who spent his entire playing career at Kapfenberger SV.	René Pitter	Kapfenberger SV
member of sports team	Vladimir Boljević (born 17 January 1988 in Titograd) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays for AEK Larnaca F.C. in the Cypriot first division.	Vladimir Boljević	AEK Larnaca F.C.
member of sports team	Tyler Hemming (born May 9, 1985 in London, Ontario) is a Canadian soccer player currently playing for Forest City London in the USL Premier Development League.	Tyler Hemming	Forest City London
member of sports team	Pedro Villarreal (born December 9, 1987) is an American professional baseball pitcher in Cincinnati Reds organization.	Pedro Villarreal	Cincinnati Reds
member of sports team	Marcin Cabaj (born May 13, 1980 in Kraków) is a Polish footballer (goalkeeper) who currently plays for Sandecja Nowy Sącz.	Marcin Cabaj	Sandecja Nowy Sącz
member of sports team	Tomasz Cebula (born 31 March 1966 in Brzeziny) is a retired Polish professional footballer who played for Legia Warsaw and ŁKS Łódź in the Polish Ekstraklasa.	Tomasz Cebula	Legia Warsaw
member of sports team	Giancarlo Danova (18 November 1938 -- 15 June 2014) was an Italian football forward who played for A.C. Milan, Torino F.C., Catania Calcio, Atalanta B.C., Fiorentina F.C. and Mantova Calcio.	Giancarlo Danova	Atalanta B.C.
member of sports team	Adrian Taylor is an American football Defensive Tackle with the Seattle Seahawks.	Adrian Taylor	Seattle Seahawks
member of sports team	Oswind Suriya Rosayro (Sinhalese: ඔස්වින්ඩ් සුරිය රෝසය්රෝ) is a Singaporean footballer of Sri Lankan Burgher descent who plays for Woodlands Wellington FC, primarily in the Prime League as a midfielder.	Oswind Suriya	Woodlands Wellington FC
member of sports team	Gavin Christie (born 6 August 1981) is a Bahamian international soccer player, who plays as a defender for Cavalier FC and the Bahamas national team	Gavin Christie	Cavalier FC
member of sports team	Gordon Kinsaini (born July 26, 1981) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Midfielder for SV Leo Victor in the Hoofdklasse.	Gordon Kinsaini	SV Leo Victor
member of sports team	Bill Ceretti (March 10, 1912 -- May 5, 1974), was an offensive and defensive lineman who played thirteen seasons for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers franchise.	Bill Ceretti	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Ihor Perduta (Ukrainian: Ігор Романович Пердута; born November 15, 1990 in Terebovlya, Ternopil Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Ihor Perduta	FC Vorskla Poltava
member of sports team	Seiloni Iaruel (born 17 April 1995) is a Vanuatuan international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Tafea F.C. and the Vanuatu national football team.	Seiloni Iaruel	Tafea F.C.
member of sports team	James Wynne (born 16 September 1976 in Gunnedah, New South Wales) is an Australian professional rugby league player who formerly played for the Newcastle Knights in the National Rugby League competition.	James Wynne	Newcastle Knights
member of sports team	Eric Opoku-Agyemang (born November 11, 1991 in Kumasi) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Ghana Premier League side Ashanti Gold SC.	Eric Opoku	Ashanti Gold SC
member of sports team	Charlie Huber, also known as George Huber, (born 13 May 1988) is a New Zealand ice hockey player currently playing for the Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Charlie Huber	Adelaide Adrenaline
member of sports team	Edward Shane Lechler (/ˈlɛklər/; born August 7, 1976) is an American football punter for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL).	Shane Lechler	Houston Texans
member of sports team	Jean-Emmanuel Effa Owona (born 26 December 1983 in Cameroon) is a Cameroonian footballer who lastly played as a striker for Negeri Sembilan FA in the Malaysia Premier League.	Jean-Emmanuel Effa Owona	Negeri Sembilan FA
member of sports team	Jessy Bénet (born 24 January 1995) is a French footballer who currently plays in Ligue 2 for Dijon FCO.	Jessy Bénet	Dijon FCO
member of sports team	Hanc Llagami(born 1 June 1995 in Tirana) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Hanc Llagami	KF Tirana
member of sports team	András Herczeg (born 11 July 1956) is a Hungarian football manager and former player, who is currently the Technical Director of Debreceni VSC.	András Herczeg	Debreceni VSC
member of sports team	Aaron Clayworth (born 21 March 1985) is an Australian semi-professional ice hockey player currently in the interim role of assistant coach for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League.	Aaron Clayworth	CBR Brave
member of sports team	Bill Lobenstein (born William Joseph Lobenstein on May 11, 1961) was a player in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos in 1987 as a defensive end.	Bill Lobenstein	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Dejan Vukićević (Cyrillic: Дејан Вукићевић, born 27 April 1968) is a Montenegrin football manager and former player who played as a midfielder for Budućnost Podgorica, Mogren, Pezoporikos Larnaca, Partizan Belgrade, Sevilla and Recreativo Huelva.	Dejan Vukićević	Pezoporikos Larnaca
member of sports team	Peter Hricko (born 25 July 1981 in Slovakia) is a Slovak footballer who currently plays from Slovak Fourth League club TJ OFC Gabčíkovo.	Peter Hricko	TJ OFC Gabčíkovo
member of sports team	Marco Reus (German pronunciation: (ˈmaɐ̯koː ˈʁɔʏ̯s); born 31 May 1989) is a German professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder, winger or striker for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.	Marco Reus	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Cleven Wanabo (born October 7, 1976) is a Surinamese footballer playing as a Forward for Inter Moengotapoe in the Hoofdklasse.	Cleven Wanabo	Inter Moengotapoe
member of sports team	Michal Dzubina is a Slovakian professional ice hockey goaltender in Slovakia with MHC Martin of the Slovak Extraliga.	Michal Dzubina	MHC Martin
member of sports team	Victor Gonța (born 21 September 1988) is a Moldovan football player who currently is playing for Malkiya Club in Bahraini Premier League.	Victor Gonța	Malkiya Club
member of sports team	Pascal Fils (born July 29, 1984) is a former professional Canadian football running back who played for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Pascal Fils	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Daniel Arnefjord (born 21 March 1979 in Stockholm) is a Swedish footballer who last played for Aalesunds FK in the Norwegian Tippeligaen as centre Back.	Daniel Arnefjord	Aalesunds FK
member of sports team	Roy Winters (born 13 December 1975) is an English lock, currently playing in the Aviva Championship for Bristol Rugby.	Roy Winters	Bristol Rugby
member of sports team	Louis Brian Piccolo (October 31, 1943 -- June 16, 1970) was a professional football player, a running back for the Chicago Bears for four years.	Brian Piccolo	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Chad Folk (born October 28, 1972 in Kelowna, British Columbia) is a former professional Canadian Football League centre for the Toronto Argonauts.	Chad Folk	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	David Moravec (born March 24, 1973 in Opava, Czechoslovakia) is a former professional ice hockey left wing who played for HC Oceláři Třinec of the Czech Extraliga and now works as a hockey coach.	David Moravec	HC Oceláři Třinec
member of sports team	Rubén Iván Martínez Andrade (born 22 June 1984), known simply as Rubén, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Levante UD as a goalkeeper.	Rubén Iván Martínez	Levante UD
member of sports team	Filipe Miguel Lopes Fernandes (born 5 March 1980 in Castelo Branco) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã as a defensive midfielder.	Filipe Miguel Lopes Fernandes	S.C. Covilhã
member of sports team	Robert Ross Johnstone (April 7, 1926 -- December 31, 2009) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 42 games in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs.	Ross Johnstone	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Lars Gulpen (born 4 July 1993 in Nijswiller) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Fortuna Sittard in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Lars Gulpen	Fortuna Sittard
member of sports team	Edwin Olde Riekerink (born 28 September 1961) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Sparta Rotterdam and FC Groningen between 1981 and 1994.	Edwin Olde Riekerink	Sparta Rotterdam	FC Groningen
member of sports team	Dean Halverson was a professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Los Angeles Rams, Atlanta Falcons, and Philadelphia Eagles.	Dean Halverson	Los Angeles Rams	Atlanta Falcons	Philadelphia Eagles
member of sports team	Jigger Statz played in the major leagues during eight seasons from 1919 to 1928 for the Chicago Cubs, New York Giants, Boston Red Sox, and Brooklyn Robins.	Jigger Statz	Chicago Cubs	Boston Red Sox
member of sports team	Tyler Beechey (born. June 5, 1981) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who currently with the Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Tyler Beechey	Krefeld Pinguine
member of sports team	Seth Sinovic (/sɨˈnoʊvɨk/; born January 28, 1987) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a left back for Sporting Kansas City in Major League Soccer.	Seth Sinovic	Sporting Kansas City
member of sports team	Mason Unck (born March 3, 1980 in Ogden, Utah) was a linebacker for the Cleveland Browns from 2003--2006.	Mason Unck	Cleveland Browns
member of sports team	Moukaila Goga (born 4 May 1987 in Lomé) is a Togolese footballer who currently plays for CS Louhans-Cuiseaux in the France Championnat de France amateur.	Moukaila Goga	CS Louhans-Cuiseaux
member of sports team	Bert Whittington (1 January 1885 -- 4 July 1969) was an Australian rules footballer who played with the Geelong Football Club in the VFL.	Bert Whittington	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Joe Szczecko is a former professional American football player who played defensive tackle for four seasons for the Atlanta Falcons and New York Giants.	Joe Szczecko	Atlanta Falcons	New York Giants
member of sports team	Vít Beneš (born 12 August 1988) is a Czech footballer who currently plays for FK Baumit Jablonec in the Synot liga.	Vít Beneš	FK Baumit Jablonec
member of sports team	Joel Parrish (born September 1, 1955) is a former American football offensive guard who played two seasons with the Toronto Argonauts of the Canadian Football League.	Joel Parrish	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Daniel Welser (born February 16, 1983 in Klagenfurt am Wörthersee, Austria) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player who is currently with the EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Daniel Welser	EC Red Bull Salzburg
member of sports team	Corey Louchiey (born October 10, 1971) is a former offensive tackle who played in the NFL from 1994--1997 for the Buffalo Bills.	Corey Louchiey	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Mohamed Messaoud (born November 19, 1981 in Tiaret, Algeria) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 club ASO Chlef.	Mohamed Messaoud	ASO Chlef
member of sports team	Lionel Proctor is an indigenous former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) between 1998 and 2001 for the Richmond Football Club.	Lionel Proctor	Richmond Football Club
member of sports team	Nereo Fernández (born April 13, 1979 in Santa Fe, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Unión de Santa Fe.	Nereo Fernández	Unión de Santa Fe
member of sports team	Josh Papalii (born 13 May 1992) is a New Zealand-born Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canberra Raiders of the National Rugby League.	Josh Papalii	Canberra Raiders
member of sports team	Hamza Barry (born 15 October 1994 in Gambia) is a professional footballer who plays for Israeli Premier League side Hapoel Tel Aviv, where he plays as a Midfielder.	Hamza Barry	Hapoel Tel Aviv
member of sports team	Larry Glueck (born October 5, 1941) is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for three seasons for the Chicago Bears.	Larry Glueck	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Stanislav Kišš (born 16 December 1978 in Prešov) is a professional Slovak football defender who currently plays for TJ Rozvoj Pušovce.	Stanislav Kišš	TJ Rozvoj Pušovce
member of sports team	Thomas Tengstedt (born May 15, 1975) is a Danish former professional footballer who most prominently played as a left back for Viborg FF. Born in Aalborg, Tengstedt started his career with amateur club Aalborg Chang.	Thomas Tengstedt	Aalborg Chang
member of sports team	Elvin Aliyev (Azerbaijani: Elvin Əliyev; born 21 August 1984 in Sabirabad, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani football who plays as defender for FC Baku.	Elvin Aliyev	FC Baku
member of sports team	Knowledge Musona (born 21 June 1990) is a Zimbabwean footballer who plays as a striker for K.V. Oostende in the Belgian Pro League and the Zimbabwe national team.	Knowledge Musona	K.V. Oostende
member of sports team	Amian Clement (born 16 August 1992) simply Clement, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã, as a Forward.	Amian Clement	S.C. Covilhã
member of sports team	Celsinho joined Sporting Clube de Portugal in the 2007 summer, being loaned with the option for a permanent deal.	Celsinho	Sporting Clube de Portugal
member of sports team	Javier Serafini Domínguez (born 7 April 1987) is a Paraguayan professional footballer that currently plays for Primera B side Lota Schwager of Coronel as centre back.	Javier Serafini	Lota Schwager
member of sports team	Ian Hardman (born 8 December 1985 in Whiston, Merseyside) is an English professional rugby league footballer, playing at club level for West Bank ARLFC, St. Helens, Hull Kingston Rovers, Widnes, and Featherstone Rovers, as a Fullback, Wing, Centre or Stand-off.	Ian Hardman	Hull Kingston Rovers	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Garland Boyette was a professional linebacker in the American Football League for the Houston Oilers and in the NFL for the St. Louis Cardinals(1962--63) and the Houston Oilers (1966--72).	Garland Boyette	Houston Oilers
member of sports team	Riccardo Tantardini (born 6 May 1993) is an Italian football defender who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club FeralpiSalò on loan from Atalanta.	Riccardo Tantardini	FeralpiSalò
member of sports team	Mitchell-Elijah Weiser (born 21 April 1994), known as Mitchell Weiser, is a German footballer who plays as a winger for Hertha BSC.	Mitchell Weiser	Hertha BSC
member of sports team	Herman Camille Oponga Ayessa (born January 24, 1978 in Brazzaville) is a Congolese football defender currently playing for ES Viry-Châtillon in the French Championnat de France Amateurs.	Camille Oponga	ES Viry-Châtillon
military branch	Thomas Mathews (October 1676 -- 2 October 1751) was a British officer of the Royal Navy, who rose to the rank of admiral.	Thomas Mathews	Royal Navy
military branch	Lieutenant General Sir Paul Raymond Newton KBE is a former British Army officer and Director of Exeter University's Strategy and Security Institute.	Paul Raymond Newton	British Army
mother	Anna Karolina Orzelska (23 November 1707 -- 27 September 1769) was an adventuress and Polish szlachcianka (noblewomen), the illegitimate daughter of August II the Strong, Elector of Saxony and King of Poland, by Henriette Rénard.	Anna Karolina Orzelska	Henriette Rénard
mother	Alice FitzHugh (c. 1448 -- 10 July 1516) was the eldest daughter and co-heiress of Henry FitzHugh, 5th Baron FitzHugh, and Lady Alice Neville.	Alice FitzHugh	Alice Neville
mouth of the watercourse	The Niva River flows out of the Imandra Lake and into the Kandalaksha Gulf of the White Sea.	Niva River	Kandalaksha Gulf
mouth of the watercourse	The Leibi is a tributary of the Danube in the district of Neu-Ulm, Bavaria, Germany.	Leibi	Danube
named after	Avenue Foch (French pronunciation: ​(avny fɔʃ)) is a street in Paris, France, named after Maréchal Ferdinand Foch, the French hero of the First World War, in 1929.	Avenue Foch	Ferdinand Foch
named after	Calvinism (also called the Reformed tradition, Reformed Christianity, Reformed Protestantism or the Reformed faith) is a major branch of Protestantism that follows the theological tradition and forms of Christian practice of John Calvin and other Reformation-era theologians.	Calvinism	John Calvin
named after	Witherite was named after William Withering (1741-1799) an English physician and naturalist who in 1784 published his research on the new mineral.	Witherite	William Withering
named after	Sri Yaganti Uma Maheswara Temple or Yaganti (Telugu: యాగంటి) is a temple to Lord Shiva in Kurnool District in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Yaganti	Shiva
named after	Instituto Piaget was named after the Swiss philosopher and developmental psychologist Jean Piaget.	Instituto Piaget	Jean Piaget
named after	Exeter Cathedral, formally known as the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter at Exeter, is an Anglican cathedral, and the seat of the Bishop of Exeter, in the city of Exeter, Devon, in South West England.	Exeter Cathedral	Peter
named after	Chiswick issued the single ``Motorhead'' in June, followed by the album Motörhead in August, which spent one week in the UK Albums Chart at number 43.	Motörhead	Motorhead
named after	Guix System Distribution (abbreviated GuixSD) is a Linux distribution, centered on GNU Guix.	Guix System Distribution	GNU Guix
named after	Nero Burning ROM is a pun in reference to Roman Emperor Nero, who was best known for his association in the Great Fire of Rome.	Nero Burning ROM	Great Fire of Rome
named after	Pierre Simon Laplace, A Philosophical Essay on Probabilities This intellect is often referred to as Laplace's demon (and sometimes Laplace's Superman, after Hans Reichenbach).	Laplace's demon	Pierre Simon Laplace
named after	The harbour was originally called ``Hong Kong Harbour'', but was later renamed as ``Victoria Harbour'', to assure shelter for the British fleet under Queen Victoria.	Victoria Harbour	Queen Victoria
named after	Innsbruck Cathedral, also known as the Cathedral of St. James (German: Dom zu St. Jakob), is an eighteenth-century Baroque cathedral of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Innsbruck in the city of Innsbruck, Austria, dedicated to the apostle Saint James, son of Zebedee.	Innsbruck Cathedral	James
named after	Sewardite was discovered in 1982 and named for the mineralogist, Terry M. Seward (born 1940), a professor of geochemistry in Zürich, Switzerland.	Sewardite	Terry M. Seward
named after	(New Year's Eve is a feast day honoring Pope Sylvester I in the Roman Catholic calendar, but it is not widely recognized in the United States.)	New Year's Eve	Sylvester I
named after	Chlorocalcite is a rare potassium calcium chloride evaporite mineral with formula:	Chlorocalcite	calcium
named after	The Ulbricht Group, led by Walter Ulbricht, was a group of exiled members of the Communist Party of Germany who flew from the Soviet Union back to Germany on April 30, 1945.	Ulbricht Group	Walter Ulbricht
named after	SoDak Con formerly called SoDak Anime Convention, is an annual three day anime convention held during May/June at the Rushmore Plaza Civic Center in Rapid City, South Dakota.	SoDak Con	South Dakota
named after	Bryant University was founded in 1863 as a branch of a national school which originally taught bookkeeping and methods of business communication and was named after founders, John Collins Bryant and Henry Beadman Bryant.	Bryant University	John Collins Bryant
named after	The Mach number is named after Austrian physicist and philosopher Ernst Mach, a designation proposed by aeronautical engineer Jakob Ackeret.	Mach number	Ernst Mach
named after	The Primakoff effect, named after Henry Primakoff, is the resonant production of neutral pseudoscalar mesons by high-energy photons interacting with an atomic nucleus.	Primakoff effect	Henry Primakoff
named after	Lanarkite is a mineral, a form of lead sulfate with formula Pb2(SO4)O. It was originally found at Leadhills in the Scottish county of Lanarkshire, hence the name.	Lanarkite	Lanarkshire
named after	The lower is known as Nina Tower, symbolising the late Nina Wang or Kung Yu Sum natively, the owner of Chinachem Group; the higher is Teddy Tower, symbolising her husband Teddy Wang, who was kidnapped and has since disappeared.	Nina Tower	Nina Wang
named after	The Kisfaludy Society (Hungarian: Kisfaludy Társaság) was a literary society in Pest, founded in 1836 and named after Károly Kisfaludy, who had died in 1830.	Kisfaludy Society	Károly Kisfaludy
named after	In mathematics, Riemann's differential equation, named after Bernhard Riemann, is a generalization of the hypergeometric differential equation, allowing the regular singular points to occur anywhere on the Riemann sphere, rather than merely at 0, 1, and \infty.	Riemann's differential equation	Bernhard Riemann
named after	USS Billfish (SSN-676), a Sturgeon-class attack submarine, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named for the billfish, a name used for any fish, such as gar or spearfish, with bill-shaped jaws.	USS Billfish (SSN-676)	billfish
narrative location	An American family's father, Elliot Wade, recently became the new owner of the Dolly Dearest factory in Mexico.	Dolly Dearest	Mexico
narrative location	Ajit Thomas (Dileep) is an acclaimed investigative television anchor and producer with a leading channel 'Calcutta News', and is the son of a former footballer who grew up in Kolkata.	Calcutta News	Kolkata
native language	Rudolf Amelunxen (June 30, 1888 -- April 21, 1969) was a German politician of the Zentrum and the first Minister-President of North Rhine-Westphalia (1946/47).	Rudolf Amelunxen	German
native language	Jean-Georges Humann (6 August 1780 -- 25 April 1842) was a French financier and politician.	Georges Humann	French
native language	Learco Guerra (October 14, 1902 - February 7, 1963) was an Italian professional road racing cyclist.	Learco Guerra	Italian
native language	André Frossard (1915--1995) was a French journalist and essayist.	André Frossard	French
native language	Robert Merle (French: (mɛʁl); 28 August 1908 -- 27 March 2004) was a French novelist.	Robert Merle	French
native language	Henri Gault (Pacy-sur-Eure, 4 November 1929 - 9 July 2000) was a French food journalist.	Henri Gault	French
native language	Michel del Castillo (born August 2, 1933, a.k.a. Michel Janicot del Castillo) is a French writer, born in Madrid.	Michel del Castillo	French
native language	François-Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif (1687, Paris -- 19 November 1770, Paris) was a French writer and poet, of a family originally of Scots origin.	François-Augustin de Paradis de Moncrif	French
native language	Fernand Chapsal (10 March 1862 -- 10 February 1939) was a French lawyer, administrator and politician who was Minister of Commerce in 1926 and in 1937--38, and Minister of Agriculture in 1938.	Fernand Chapsal	French
native language	Marie Baptiste née Dumont, (born in Bordeaux, France), also known as Mademoiselle le Prévost (or Prevot), was a French actress and singer.	Marie Baptiste	French
native language	Louis Germain-Martin (7 November 1872, Le Puy-en-Velay, Haute-Loire -- 4 October 1948, Paris) was an Independent Radical French politician.	Louis Germain-Martin	French
native language	Alfred Capus (25 November 1858 -- 1 November 1922) was a French journalist and playwright, born in Aix-en-Provence and died in Neuilly-sur-Seine.	Alfred Capus	French
native language	Udo Voigt (German: (ˈuːdo foːkt); born 14 April 1952) is a German politician for the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD), who currently serves as a Member of the European Parliament (since 2014).	Udo Voigt	German
native language	Raymond Carré de Malberg (1861--1935) was a French jurist and one of France's leading constitutional scholars.	Raymond Carré de Malberg	French
native language	Laurent Mauvignier (born in 1967, Tours) is a French writer.	Laurent Mauvignier	French
native language	Han Kang (Hangul: 한강; born November 27, 1970) is a South Korean writer.	Han Kang	Korean
native language	André Marie Jean Jacques Dupin (1 February 1783 -- 8 November 1865), commonly called Dupin the Elder, was a French advocate, president of the chamber of deputies and of the Legislative Assembly.	André Marie Jean Jacques Dupin	French
native language	Guy Môquet (April 26, 1924 - 22 October 1941 (aged 17)) was a young French Communist militant.	Guy Môquet	French
native language	Władysław Syrokomla was the pseudonym of Ludwik Władysław Franciszek Kondratowicz (1823--1862), was Polish a romantic poet, writer and translator working in the Russian Empire and Congress Poland.	Władysław Syrokomla	Polish
native language	Anne Louis Henri de La Fare (1752--1829) was a French cardinal and counter-revolutionary.	Anne Louis Henri de La Fare	French
native language	Georges Perros (Paris, 23 August 1923 -- Douarnenez, 24 January 1978) was a French writer.	Georges Perros	French
native language	Tahar Rahim (born 4 July 1981) is a French actor of Algerian descent.	Tahar Rahim	French
native language	Naftali Bennett (Hebrew: נַפְתָּלִי בֶּנֶט; born 25 March 1972) is an Israeli politician who has led the right-wing, religious party The Jewish Home since 2012.	Naftali Bennett	Hebrew
native language	Anicée Alvina, also known as Anicée Schahmaneche (b. Anicée Shahmanesh or Anicee Schahmane (Persian: انیسه شاهمنش‎‎) on 28 January 1953, Boulogne-Billancourt, Hauts-de-Seine -- d. 11 November 2006, Boncourt, Eure-et-Loir from cancer) was a French singer and actress.	Anicée Alvina	French
native language	Georg Diederichs (2 September 1900, Northeim - 19 June 1983) was a German politician, a member of the SPD, who served as Prime Minister of Lower Saxony.	Georg Diederichs	German
native language	Herman Dooyeweerd (7 October 1894, Amsterdam -- 12 February 1977, Amsterdam) was a Dutch juridical scholar by training, who by vocation was a philosopher and a co-founder of the Philosophy of the Cosmonomic Idea with Dirk Vollenhoven.	Herman Dooyeweerd	Dutch
native language	Julius Eduard Hitzig (born Isaac Elias Itzig; Berlin, 26 March 1780 -- Berlin, 26 November 1849) was a German author and civil servant.	Julius Eduard Hitzig	German
native language	Louis-Joseph Faure (5 March 1760 -- 12 June 1837) was a French jurist and politician who was one of the four authors of the Napoleonic Code.	Louis-Joseph Faure	French
native language	Marine Jahan (born January 1, 1959, Versailles, France) is a French actress and dancer.	Marine Jahan	French
native language	Isabelle Caro (13 September 1982 -- 17 November 2010) was a French model and actress from Marseille, France, who became well known after appearing in a controversial advertising campaign ``No Anorexia'' which showed Caro with vertebrae and facial bones showing under her skin in a picture by photographer Oliviero Toscani.	Isabelle Caro	French
native language	Maurice Bénichou (born 1943; Tlemcen, French Algeria) is a French actor.	Maurice Bénichou	French
native language	Pêr-Jakez Helias, baptised Pierre-Jacques Hélias, nom de plume Pierre-Jakez Hélias (1914--1995) was a Breton stage actor, journalist, author, poet, and writer for radio who worked in the French and Breton languages.	Pêr-Jakez Helias	French
native language	Valentine Penrose (1898--1978), born Valentine Boué, was a French surrealist poet, author and collagist.	Valentine Penrose	French
native language	Antoon Coolen (Wijlre, April 17, 1897 - Waalre, November 9, 1961) was a well-known Dutch writer of novels.	Antoon Coolen	Dutch
native language	Danielle Collobert was a French author, poet and journalist, born in Rostrenen, Côtes-d'Armor on 23 July 1940.	Danielle Collobert	French
native language	Jean-Louis Roumégas: is a French politician who is a member of the National Assembly representing the 1st district of Hérault.	Jean-Louis Roumégas	French
native language	Lucien Jerphagnon (7 September 1921 -- 16 September 2011) was a French scholar, historian and philosopher specialized in Greek and Roman philosophy.	Lucien Jerphagnon	French
native language	Pierre Milza (born 16 April 1932) is a French historian, well known as a specialist of fascism.	Pierre Milza	French
native language	Émile Bréhier (French: (bʁeje); 12 April 1876, Bar-le-Duc -- 3 February 1952, Paris) was a French philosopher.	Émile Bréhier	French
native language	Henze Boekhout (Haarlem 1947) is a Dutch artist/photographer who lives and works in Haarlem, the Netherlands.	Henze Boekhout	Dutch
native language	Charles William Meredith van de Velde (born December 3, 1818 in Leeuwarden, died 20 March 1898 in Menton) was a Dutch lieutenant-at-sea second class, painter, honorary member of the Red Cross and missionary.	Charles William Meredith van de Velde	Dutch
native language	Francis Maximilian Misson, originally François Maximilien Misson, (c.1650 -- 12 January 1722) was a French writer and traveller.	Maximilien Misson	French
native language	François, Vicomte de Curel (10 June 1854 -- 26 April 1928), French dramatist, was born at Metz, Moselle.	François, Vicomte de Curel	French
native language	Philippe Amaury (6 March 1940 -- 23 May 2006) was a French publishing tycoon and entrepreneur who dominated the French media world.	Philippe Amaury	French
native language	Camille Alphonse Trézel (5 January 1780, Paris -- 11 April 1860, Paris) was a French général de division, Minister for War and peer of France during the July Monarchy.	Camille Alphonse Trézel	French
native language	Germaine Sablon (19 July 1899 -- 17 April 1985) was a French singer and film actress.	Germaine Sablon	French
native language	Jean Masson (8 September 1907, Bayon, Meurthe-et-Moselle -- 10 August 1964) was a French politician who served as state secretary in various governments during the French Fourth Republic, Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports in 1952-53.	Jean Masson	French
native language	Pierre Laval (French pronunciation: ​(pjɛʁ laval); 28 June 1883 -- 15 October 1945) was a French politician.	Pierre Laval	French
native language	Nicolaes Visscher I (1618--1679) was a Dutch engraver, cartographer and publisher.	Nicolaes Visscher I	Dutch
native language	Kim Seungok (The romanization preferred by the author according to LTI Korea) (born December 1941) is a South Korean novelist and screenwriter.	Kim Seungok	Korean
native language	Jean Sorel (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɑ̃ sɔʁɛl); born 25 September 1934) is a French actor.	Jean Sorel	French
native language	Stéphane Mallarmé (/mɑːlɑːrˈmeɪ/; French pronunciation: (stefan malaʁme); 18 March 1842 -- 9 September 1898), whose real name was Étienne Mallarmé, was a French poet and critic.	Stéphane Mallarmé	French
native language	Omar Sy (born 20 January 1978) is a French actor and comedian.	Omar Sy	French
native language	Ali Atalan (born 5 January 1968 in Midyat) is a Turkish-German politician.	Ali Atalan	German
native language	Micheline Dax (March 3, 1924 -- April 27, 2014) was a French film and stage actress.	Micheline Dax	French
native language	Pierre Marie Jeanne Alexandre Thérèse Guiraud better known as Alexandre Guiraud (24 December 1788 -- 24 February 1847) was a French poet, dramatic author and novelist.	Alexandre Guiraud	French
native language	Jean-Paul Belmondo (French: (ʒɑ̃pɔl bɛlmɔ̃do); born 9 April 1933) is a French actor initially associated with the New Wave of the 1960s.	Jean-Paul Belmondo	French
native language	Hertur Roland Ingemar Odlander, (29 February 1936 - 19 July 2014) was a Swedish journalist who worked for SVT news on its news programmes Aktuellt and Rapport.	Ingemar Odlander	Swedish
native language	Armand Jean-François (born March 7, 1874 in Grand-Bourg, Guadeloupe, and died September 22, 1938) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French National Assembly from 1924-1928 .	Armand Jean-François	French
native language	Christophe Antoine Gerle (1736-c. 1801), French revolutionist and mystic, was born at Riom in Auvergne.	Christophe Antoine Gerle	French
native language	Marguerite Donnadieu, known as Marguerite Duras (French: (maʁ.ɡə.ʁit dy.ʁas); 4 April 1914 -- 3 March 1996), was a French novelist, playwright, scriptwriter, essayist and experimental filmmaker.	Marguerite Duras	French
native language	Pierre-Loup Rajot (born 19 February 1958) is a French stage, television and film actor, director, producer and screenwriter.	Pierre-Loup Rajot	French
native language	Paco Boublard (born 20 February 1981) is French actor and photographer.	Paco Boublard	French
native language	Philippe Blasband (born 26 July 1964 in Teheran, Iran) is a filmmaker and a writer in French language from Belgium.	Philippe Blasband	French
native language	René Grousset (5 September 1885 -- 12 September 1952) was a French historian, curator of both the Cernuschi and Guimet Museums in Paris, and a member of the prestigious Académie française.	René Grousset	French
native language	Alexander Holevo(Russian: Алексáндр Семéнович Хóлево, also spelled as Kholevo and Cholewo) is a Soviet and Russian mathematician, one of the pioneers of quantum information science.	Alexander Holevo	Russian
native language	Denis Vairasse d' Allais was a French writer born around 1630 and died in 1672.	Denis Vairasse	French
native language	Rafael Alberti Merello (16 December 1902 -- 28 October 1999) was a Spanish poet, a member of the Generation of '27.	Rafael Alberti	Spanish
native language	Abraham Jacob van der Aa (7 December 1792, Amsterdam -- 21 March 1857, Gorinchem) was a Dutch writer best known for his dictionaries, one of notable people and the other of notable places in the Netherlands.	Abraham Jacob van der Aa	Dutch
native language	Salah Stétié (Arabic: صلاح ستيتية‎) is a Lebanese writer and poet who writes in the French language.	Salah Stétié	French
native language	Clément Harari (1919--2008) was an Egyptian-born French film and television actor.	Clément Harari	French
native language	Josip Srebrnič, also spelled Srebrnić (2 February 1876 - 21 June 1966) was a Slovene Roman Catholic prelate who spent most of his career in Croatia.	Josip Srebrnič	Slovene
native language	Jean-Edern Hallier (March 1, 1936 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye, Yvelines -- January 12, 1997 in Deauville) was a French author.	Jean-Edern Hallier	French
native language	Gilbert Bokanowski (1920--1975) was a French film actor and film producer.	Gilbert Bokanowski	French
native language	Roselyne Bachelot-Narquin, generally known as Roselyne Bachelot (born 24 December 1946 in Nevers, Nièvre), is a French politician, former Minister of Solidarity and Social Cohesion, and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, which is part of the European People's Party.	Roselyne Bachelot	French
native language	Charles Cotin or Abbé Cotin (1604 -- December 1681) was a French abbé, philosopher and poet.	Charles Cotin	French
native language	Umm-El-Banine Assadoulaeff (Umm El-Banu Äsâdullayeva) (18 December 1905 -- 23 October 1992) was a French writer of Azerbaijani descent - a granddaughter of famous Azerbaijani millionaire Musa Nagiyev and daughter of Azerbaijani businessman and politician Mirza Asadullayev.	Banine	French
native language	Gratien Candace (born December 18, 1873 in Baillif, Guadeloupe, and died on April 11, 1953 in Lormaye, France) was a politician from Guadeloupe who served in the French Chamber of Deputies from 1912-1942 and served as vice-president of the French Chamber of Deputies from 1938 to 1940.	Gratien Candace	French
native language	Robert Fabre (born 21 December 1915 in Villefranche-de-Rouergue, Aveyron; died 23 December 2006 in Villefranche-de-Rouergue, Aveyron) was a French politician and pharmacist.	Robert Fabre	French
native language	Coline Serreau (born 29 October 1947) is a French actress, film director and writer.	Coline Serreau	French
native language	Pierre Marie (de Saint-Georges) or Alexandre-Pierre-Thomas-Amable Marie de Saint Georges was a French politician, fought on the barricades during the revolution of July.	Pierre Marie (de Saint-Georges)	French
native language	Frédérique Bel (born 24 March 1975) is a French film, television and voice actress.	Frédérique Bel	French
native language	Hans-Peter Bartels (born 7 May 1961 in Düsseldorf) is a German politician of the SPD who served as member of the Bundestag for Kiel.	Hans-Peter Bartels	German
native language	Petrus Josephus Zoetmulder S.J. (January 29, 1906 -- July 8, 1995) was a Dutch expert in the Old Javanese language.	Petrus Josephus Zoetmulder	Dutch
native language	Akseli Gallen-Kallela (26 April 1865 -- 7 March 1931) was a Swedish-speaking Finnish painter who is best known for his illustrations of the Kalevala, the Finnish national epic (illustration, below).	Akseli Gallen-Kallela	Swedish
native language	Pierre-Martial Cibot (born at Limoges, France, 14 August 1727; died at Beijing, China, 8 August 1780) was a French Jesuit missionary to China.	Pierre-Martial Cibot	French
native language	Christian Carstensen (born 11 March 1973, in Hamburg) is a German politician and member of the SPD.	Christian Carstensen	German
native language	Jean-Baptiste de Boyer, Marquis d'Argens (June 24, 1704 - January 11, 1771) was a French philosopher and writer.	Jean-Baptiste de Boyer, Marquis d'Argens	French
native language	Mansour Kamardine (born March 23, 1959 in Sada, Mayotte) is a politician from Mayotte who was elected to the French National Assembly in 2002.	Mansour Kamardine	French
native language	Chantal Lauby (born 23 March 1948) is a French actress, film director, screenwriter, humorist and TV host.	Chantal Lauby	French
native language	Jean-Claude Brisseau (born 17 July 1944) is a French filmmaker best known for his 2002 film Secret Things (``Choses Secrètes'') and his 2006 film The Exterminating Angels (``Les Anges exterminateurs'').	Jean-Claude Brisseau	French
native language	Raymond Poincaré (; 20 August 1860 -- 15 October 1934) was a French statesman who served three times as Prime Minister of France, and as President of France from 1913 to 1920.	Raymond Poincaré	French
native language	Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet (May 2, 1746 in Bernay, Eure -- February 17, 1825) was a French politician of the Revolutionary period.	Jean-Baptiste Robert Lindet	French
native language	Pierre Lellouche (born 3 May 1951) is a French politician and a member of the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) party.	Pierre Lellouche	French
native language	Jean-François Copé (French: (ʒɑ̃.fʁɑ̃.swa kɔ.pe); born 5 May 1964) is a French politician.	Jean-François Copé	French
native language	Charles-Michel-Ange Challe, a French painter, architect, and mathematician, was born in Paris in 1718.	Charles-Michel-Ange Challe	French
native language	Pieter Johannes Veth (December 2, 1814 in Dordrecht - April 14, 1895 in Arnhem) was a Dutch professor of geography and ethnology and the first Chairman of the Royal Netherlands Geographical Society.	Pieter Johannes Veth	Dutch
native language	Nicole Bricq (French pronunciation: ​(ni.kɔl bʁik); La Rochefoucauld, Charente, 10 June 1947) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the Seine-et-Marne department.	Nicole Bricq	French
occupation	Thomas Alan Johnston is a Scottish engineer.	Thomas Alan Johnston	engineer
occupation	Roger S. Pressman is an American software engineer, author and consultant, and President of R.S. Pressman & Associates.	Roger S. Pressman	engineer
original network	Gerhard Reinke's Wanderlust was a mockumentary television comedy broadcast on the American cable channel Comedy Central in Spring 2003.	Gerhard Reinke's Wanderlust	Comedy Central
original network	Strange Love is a reality series featuring Brigitte Nielsen and Flavor Flav that aired on VH1.	Strange Love	VH1
original network	Key & Peele is an American sketch comedy television series created by Keegan-Michael Key and Jordan Peele for Comedy Central.	Key & Peele	Comedy Central
original network	Down Home Country is a Canadian country music television series which aired on CBC Television in 1975.	Down Home Country	CBC Television
original network	The Bill Cosby Show is an American situation comedy that aired for two seasons on NBC's Sunday night schedule from 1969 until 1971, under the sponsorship of Procter & Gamble.	The Bill Cosby Show	NBC
original network	Bostock's Cup was a one-off British television comedy drama about a football team which appeared on ITV on the eve of the 1999 European Cup final.	Bostock's Cup	ITV
original network	The Real West was an American historical television series hosted by Kenny Rogers which first aired on A&E cable television from 1992 to 1995.	The Real West	A&E
original network	Jungle Run is a British children's television series which aired on CITV as part of the ITV network from 10 September 1999 to 29 November 2006.	Jungle Run	ITV
original network	Two-A-Days was a show on the United States cable television channel MTV that chronicled the lives of teens at Hoover High School in Hoover, Alabama, a suburb of nearby Birmingham.	Two-A-Days	MTV
original network	Naya Roop Nayi Zindagi was directed by Bimal Unnikrishnan for Miditech on behalf of Sony Entertainment Television.	Naya Roop Nayi Zindagi	Sony Entertainment Television
original network	The Gruen Transfer is an Australian television program focusing on advertising, which debuted on ABC1 on 28 May 2008 and has run for four seasons.	The Gruen Transfer	ABC1
original network	The Gene Autry Show is an American western/cowboy television series which aired for 91 episodes on CBS from July 23, 1950 until August 7, 1956, originally sponsored by Wrigley's Doublemint chewing gum.	The Gene Autry Show	CBS
original network	Dagsrevyen (English: The Daily Review) is the daily evening news programme for the Norwegian television channel NRK1, the main channel of the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation (NRK), broadcast at 19:00.	Dagsrevyen	NRK1
original network	Gudtaym (Filipinization of the phrase ``good time'') is a Friday night variety show on ABS-CBN.	Gudtaym	ABS-CBN
original network	It Could Happen Tomorrow is a television series that premiered on January 15, 2006 on The Weather Channel.	It Could Happen Tomorrow	The Weather Channel
original network	Chandrakant Chiplunkar Seedi Bambawala was an Indian situational comedy television series that aired on SAB TV.	Chandrakant Chiplunkar Seedi Bambawala	SAB TV
original network	The Problem Solverz is an American animated television series created by Ben Jones, a member of the art collective Paper Rad, for Cartoon Network.	The Problem Solverz	Cartoon Network
original network	Rosie and Jim (sometimes written as Rosie & Jim) is a British children's television programme produced by Ragdoll Productions and aired on ITV from 3 September 1990 to 31 March 2000, and on PBS from 5 September 1992 to 25 May 2001.	Rosie and Jim	ITV
original network	Barney Blake, Police Reporter is an American crime drama that aired live on NBC from April 22, 1948 to July 8, 1948.	Barney Blake, Police Reporter	NBC
original network	Real People is an NBC reality television series that aired from 1979 to 1984, on Wednesday and then Sunday nights.	Real People	NBC
original network	The Three Friends and Jerry is a Swedish animated television series which aired in the United States on Fox Family, Nickelodeon in the UK and Latin America, TG4 in Ireland and Fox Kids in Spain.	The Three Friends and Jerry	Nickelodeon
original network	Tales of Wells Fargo is an American Western television series starring Dale Robertson that ran from 1957 to 1962 on NBC.	Tales of Wells Fargo	NBC
original network	The Nightlife is a dance-themed television series originally airing on TeenNick.	The Nightlife	TeenNick
original network	Wolf Lake is an American television series that originally aired on CBS.	Wolf Lake	CBS
original network	Cade's County is a modern-day Western/crime drama which aired on CBS during the 1971--1972 television season.	Cade's County	CBS
original network	Da Vinci's Inquest is a Canadian dramatic television series that aired on CBC Television from 1998 to 2005.	Da Vinci's Inquest	CBC Television
original network	Dog Bites Man was a partially improvised comedy television show on Comedy Central that aired in summer 2006.	Dog Bites Man	Comedy Central
original network	Good Time Harry is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from July 19, 1980 to September 13, 1980.	Good Time Harry	NBC
original network	The George Wendt Show is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from March 8, to April 12, 1995.	The George Wendt Show	CBS
original network	Imortal (lit. Immortal) is a Philippine television drama produced by ABS-CBN.	Imortal	ABS-CBN
original network	Tittybangbang is a female-led television sketch comedy, performed by Lucy Montgomery and Debbie Chazen, which ran between 2005 and 2007 on BBC Three.	Tittybangbang	BBC Three
original network	The Karen Dunbar Show was a television comedy sketch show that aired on BBC One Scotland, starring the popular Scottish comedian Karen Dunbar (of Chewin' the Fat fame).	The Karen Dunbar Show	BBC One Scotland
original network	RIS Delitti Imperfetti is an Italian television series, created in 2004 by Daniele Cesarano, Barbara Petronio and Leonardo Valenti, broadcast since January 2005 on Canale 5.	RIS Delitti Imperfetti	Canale 5
original network	Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines is a cartoon produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions for CBS.	Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines	CBS
original network	Quebec in English is a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1965.	Quebec in English	CBC Television
original network	Early Edition is an American television drama series that aired on CBS broadcast network from September 28, 1996 to May 27, 2000.	Early Edition	CBS
original network	Baba's Cross Connection is an Indian television show featuring rapper Baba Sehgal on Imagine Showbiz.	Baba's Cross Connection	Imagine Showbiz
original network	Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas! (also known as Good Luck Charlie: The Road Trip Movie in the United Kingdom and Ireland) is a 2011 Christmas film based on the Disney Channel Original Series Good Luck Charlie.	Good Luck Charlie, It's Christmas!	Disney Channel
original network	Hatching Pete is a 2009 Disney Channel Original Movie which first aired on April 24, 2009 on Disney Channel UK and later Disney Channel and Family.	Hatching Pete	Disney Channel
original network	NBA Shootaround is a pregame show for ESPN's coverage of the National Basketball Association (NBA).	NBA Shootaround	ESPN
original network	Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan Produced by Sagar Pictures (English: Prithviraj Chauhan, the Brave Warrior of the Land) is an Indian historical drama broadcast on Star Plus.	Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan	Star Plus
original network	Falcon Crest is an American prime time television soap opera that aired for nine seasons on CBS from December 4, 1981 to May 17, 1990.	Falcon Crest	CBS
original network	On Camera was a Canadian dramatic anthology television series which aired on CBC Television from 1954 to 1958.	On Camera	CBC Television
original network	Paalkhi is a Hindi language Indian drama television series which premiered on 13 June 2005 on Zee TV.	Paalkhi	Zee TV
original network	Camp Cucamonga (also titled: How I Spent My Summer and Lights Out) is a made-for-television movie that was first aired on NBC on September 23, 1990.	Camp Cucamonga	NBC
original network	The Kraft Suspense Theatre is an American anthology series that was produced and broadcast from 1963 to 1965 on NBC.	Kraft Suspense Theatre	NBC
original network	Santo Bugito is a 1995 animated cartoon series produced and developed by Klasky-Csupo for CBS and created by Arlene Klasky.	Santo Bugito	CBS
original network	Goodsports is an Australian children's television series, produced by WIN Television in Hobart, Tasmania.	Goodsports	WIN Television
original network	Vidas prestadas is a 2000 telenovela produced by Venevisión International and Iguana Producciones.	Vidas prestadas	Venevisión
original network	Like Family is an American sitcom that aired on The WB in 2003.	Like Family	The WB
original network	PoliticsNation with Al Sharpton is a one-hour political talk show broadcast on MSNBC, hosted by Al Sharpton.	PoliticsNation with Al Sharpton	MSNBC
original network	Stolen Voices, Buried Secrets is an American true crime television series on the Investigation Discovery Network.	Stolen Voices, Buried Secrets	Investigation Discovery
original network	Sanford and Son is an American sitcom, that ran on the NBC television network from January 14, 1972 to March 25, 1977.	Sanford and Son	NBC
original network	King Arthur's Disasters is a British animated series which first aired on CITV.	King Arthur's Disasters	CITV
original network	Chico and the Man is an American sitcom which ran on NBC for four seasons, from September 13, 1974, to July 21, 1978.	Chico and the Man	NBC
original network	Andando nas Nuvens (English: Walking on Clouds) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo originally ran from March 22 to November 5, 1999 for 197 episodes.	Andando nas Nuvens	Rede Globo
original network	The 92 KQRS Morning Show (also known as the KQ Morning Crew) is a popular, long-running radio morning show originating from KQRS-FM in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	92 KQRS Morning Show	KQRS-FM
parent taxon	Coenophlebia is a genus of neotropical charaxine butterflies in the family Nymphalidae, native to Colombia, Peru, Brazil, Bolivia and Ecuador.	Coenophlebia	Nymphalidae
parent taxon	The Tibetan babax (Babax koslowi) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family.	Tibetan babax	Babax
parent taxon	Styloniscus is a genus of woodlice in the family Styloniscidae.	Styloniscus	Styloniscidae
parent taxon	Diopatra is a genus of polychaete worms in the family Onuphidae.	Diopatra	Onuphidae
parent taxon	Chironominae is a subfamily of midges in the non-biting midge family (Chironomidae).	Chironominae	Chironomidae
parent taxon	The Bolivian big-eared mouse (Auliscomys boliviensis) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Bolivian big-eared mouse	Auliscomys
parent taxon	Heliscomyidae is a member of the clade Geomyoidea, a group of rodents that also includes the families †Eomyidae, †Florentiamyidae, Heteromyidae, and Geomyidae.	Heliscomyidae	Geomyoidea
parent taxon	Gonyleptoidea is the most diverse superfamily of the Grassatores.	Gonyleptoidea	Grassatores
parent taxon	Pseudotolithus is a genus of croaker or bar, ray-finned fish in the family Sciaenidae.	Pseudotolithus	Sciaenidae
parent taxon	Metarhizium is a genus of entomopathogenic fungi in the Clavicipitaceae family.	Metarhizium	Clavicipitaceae
parent taxon	The New Zealand rough skate, Dipturus nasutus, is a skate of the genus Dipturus, found around New Zealand at depths of between 10 and 1,500 m. Their length is up to 1 m.	New Zealand rough skate	Dipturus
parent taxon	Apiopetalum is a genus of plant of family Apiaceae, comprising 2 species.	Apiopetalum	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Sardinian meadow brown (Maniola nurag) is a butterfly belonging to the Nymphalidae family.	Sardinian meadow brown	Maniola
parent taxon	The Russian wheat aphid (Diuraphis noxia) is an aphid that can cause significant losses in cereal crops.	Russian wheat aphid	Diuraphis
parent taxon	Acamptocladius is a genus of non-biting midges in the subfamily Orthocladiinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae.	Acamptocladius	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Neolepetopsoidea was synonymized with Lottioidea so Daminilidae was moved to superfamily Lottioidea in World Register of Marine Species.	Daminilidae	Lottioidea
parent taxon	Christine's margareta rat (Margaretamys christinae) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Christine's margareta rat	Margaretamys
parent taxon	Orthops is a genus of Miridae in the subfamily Mirinae.	Orthops	Miridae
parent taxon	The Mount Coke false shieldback (Acilacris furcatus) is a tettigoniid orthopteran that is endemic to a single small locality in Eastern Cape Province, South Africa.	Mount Coke false shieldback	Acilacris
parent taxon	The Hawaiian rail (Porzana sandwichensis), Hawaiian spotted rail, or Hawaiian crake was a somewhat enigmatic species of diminutive rail that lived on Big Island of Hawaiʻi, but is now extinct.	Hawaiian rail	Porzana
parent taxon	Marionia is a genus of sea slugs, specifically dendronotid nudibranchs, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Tritoniidae.	Marionia	Tritoniidae
parent taxon	Bosistoa is a genus of Australian plants with 6 species in the family Rutaceae.	Bosistoa	Rutaceae
parent taxon	Winter savory (Satureja montana) is a perennial herb in the family Lamiaceae, native to warm temperate regions of southern Europe and Mediterranean.	Winter savory	Satureja
parent taxon	The Madang big-eyed tree frog, Nyctimystes disruptus, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family, endemic to Papua New Guinea.	Madang big-eyed tree frog	Nyctimystes
parent taxon	Beringius is a genus of large sea snails or true whelks, a marine gastropod molluscs in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Beringius	Buccinidae
parent taxon	The Peru poison frog (also Peruvian poison frog or Peruvian poison-arrow frog; Ameerega petersi) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family It is found in eastern Peru (Ucayali River and Huallaga River basins) and western Brazil (Acre state).	Peru poison frog	Ameerega
parent taxon	The Chacoan naked-tailed armadillo (Cabassous chacoensis) is a species of South American armadillo.	Chacoan naked-tailed armadillo	Cabassous
parent taxon	Lobulia is a genus of skinks in the subfamily Lygosominae.	Lobulia	Lygosominae
parent taxon	Tetracentrum is a genus of fish in the family Ambassidae, the Asiatic glassfishes.	Tetracentrum	Ambassidae
parent taxon	Cetotherium (``whale beast'') is a genus of cetaceans from the family Cetotheriidae.	Cetotherium	Cetotheriidae
parent taxon	Hypisodus is an extinct genus belonging to the family Hypertragulidae, within the order Artiodactyla, endemic to North America during the Eocene through Oligocene, living 37.2--26.3 Ma, existing for approximately 10.9 million years.	Hypisodus	Hypertragulidae
parent taxon	The Brazilian large-eyed stingray, Dasyatis marianae, is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae.	Brazilian large-eyed stingray	Dasyatis
parent taxon	The Red Hills salamander (Phaeognathus hubrichti) is a fairly large, terrestrial salamander growing to about 255 millimetres (10.0 in).	Red Hills salamander	Phaeognathus
parent taxon	The East African highland shrew (Crocidura allex) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	East African highland shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Australian wood frog (Hylarana daemeli), locally simply known as the wood frog, is the only species from the family Ranidae found in Australia.	Australian wood frog	Hylarana
parent taxon	Waller's starling (Onychognathus walleri) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae.	Waller's starling	Onychognathus
parent taxon	The Mohave ground squirrel (Xerospermophilus mohavensis) is a species of ground squirrel found only in the Mojave Desert in California.	Mohave ground squirrel	Xerospermophilus
parent taxon	Onykia is a genus of squids in the family Onychoteuthidae.	Onykia	Onychoteuthidae
parent taxon	Gabb's snail also known as the San Clemente Island snail, scientific name Micrarionta gabbii, is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Helminthoglyptidae.	Gabb's snail	Micrarionta
parent taxon	Durotrigensia is a genus of ammonites (Ammonitida) in the perisphinctoid family Parkinsoniidae.	Durotrigensia	Parkinsoniidae
parent taxon	The Laysan rail or Laysan crake (Porzana palmeri) was a flightless bird endemic to the Northwest Hawaiian Island of Laysan.	Laysan rail	Porzana
parent taxon	The Rouget's rail (Rougetius rougetii) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Rouget's rail	Rougetius
parent taxon	With 622 valid species assigned by 1987 to the subtribe Paederina (Paederus and its close allies), and with all but 148 within Paederus itself, the genus is large.	Paederus	Paederina
parent taxon	Kutchicetus (``Kutch whale'') is an extinct genus of early whale of the family Remingtonocetidae that lived during Early-Middle Eocene (Lutetian and Ypresian) in what is now the coastal border of Pakistan and India (23.7°N 68.7°E, paleocoordinates 6.0°N 61.8°E).	Kutchicetus	Remingtonocetidae
parent taxon	The Mascarene petrel (Pseudobulweria aterrima) is a medium-sized, dark gadfly petrel.	Mascarene petrel	Pseudobulweria
parent taxon	Momordica is a genus of about 60 species of annual or perennial climbers herbaceous or rarely small shrubs belonging to the family Cucurbitaceae, natives of tropical and subtropical Africa and Asia and Australia.	Momordica	Cucurbitaceae
parent taxon	Finsch's bulbul (Alophoixus finschii) is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family.	Finsch's bulbul	Alophoixus
parent taxon	The Appalachian monkey-face pearly mussel or Appalachian monkeyface, scientific name Quadrula sparsa, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Appalachian monkey-face pearly mussel	Quadrula
parent taxon	Pseudochama is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Chamidae.	Pseudochama	Chamidae
parent taxon	Sphaeropsidales is an order of Coelomycetes fungi.	Sphaeropsidales	Coelomycetes
parent taxon	The Izu catshark (Scyliorhinus tokubee) is a species of catshark, family Scyliorhinidae, found only in the waters around Japan, at depths down to 100 m. It can grow up to a length of 41 cm.	Izu catshark	Scyliorhinus
parent taxon	Ginglymostoma unami, also known as the Pacific nurse shark is a nurse sharks of the family Ginglymostomatidae.	Pacific nurse shark	Ginglymostoma
parent taxon	Oxycerites is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod belonging to the haploceratacean family, Oppeliidae, that lived during the Middle Jurassic.	Oxycerites	Oppeliidae
parent taxon	Tantulocarida is a highly specialised group of parasitic crustaceans that consists of about 33 species, treated as a subclass of the class Maxillopoda (copepods and barnacles).	Tantulocarida	Maxillopoda
parent taxon	Pseudococcus is a genus of unarmoured scale insects in the family Pseudococcidae, the mealy bugs.	Pseudococcus	Pseudococcidae
parent taxon	The Oriental skylark (Alauda gulgula), also known as the Oriental lark or small skylark, is a species of skylark found on the Indian Subcontinent and Southeast Asia.	Oriental skylark	Alauda
parent taxon	Enterogona is an order of tunicates in the class Ascidiacea.	Enterogona	Ascidiacea
parent taxon	Bengalia is a genus of blow flies in the family Calliphoridae with one authority considering the genus to belong to a separate family Bengaliidae.	Bengalia	Calliphoridae
parent taxon	Chaetothyriomycetidae is a subclass of ascomycetes within the class Eurotiomycetes.	Chaetothyriomycetidae	Eurotiomycetes
parent taxon	Aspidoras is easily distinguished from the other genera of the subfamily Corydoradinae by the presence of a supraoccipital fontanel; this character is an autapomorphy for the genus.	Aspidoras	Corydoradinae
parent taxon	Leptotrombidium (/ˌlɛptoʊtrɒmˈbɪdiəm/) is a genus of mites in the family Trombiculidae, that are able to infect humans with scrub typhus (Orientia tsutsugamushi infection) through their bite.	Leptotrombidium	Trombiculidae
parent taxon	Sitona is a large genus of weevils in the family Curculionidae native to the Nearctic and Palaearctic regions.	Sitona	Curculionidae
parent taxon	The Bougainville monkey-faced bat (Pteralopex anceps) is a megabat found only on islands of Bougainville and Choiseul in Melanesia.	Bougainville monkey-faced bat	Pteralopex
parent taxon	Swainson's thrush (Catharus ustulatus), also called olive-backed thrush, is a medium-sized thrush.	Swainson's thrush	Catharus
parent taxon	Purgatorius is the genus of the four extinct species believed to be the earliest example of a primate or a proto-primate, a primatomorph precursor to the Plesiadapiformes, dating to as old as 66 million years ago.	Purgatorius	Plesiadapiformes
parent taxon	Pterocephalus is a genus in the Caprifoliaceae family of herbs and shrubs, comprising 25 species ranging from the Mediterranean, to central Asia, the Himalayas, western China, and tropical Africa.	Pterocephalus	Caprifoliaceae
parent taxon	The Guianan cock-of-the-rock (Rupicola rupicola) is a species of South American passerine.	Guianan cock-of-the-rock	Rupicola
parent taxon	Marburg marburgvirus is a virological taxon (i.e. a man-made concept) included in the genus Marburgvirus, family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.	Marburg marburgvirus	Marburgvirus
parent taxon	The South Island oystercatcher or South Island pied oystercatcher (Haematopus finschi) is one of the two common oystercatchers found in New Zealand.	South Island oystercatcher	Haematopus
parent taxon	The Mozambique thicket rat (Grammomys cometes) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Mozambique thicket rat	Grammomys
parent taxon	†Pseudohelenoconcha was a genus of air-breathing land snails, shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Endodontidae.	Pseudohelenoconcha	Endodontidae
parent taxon	Sampson's naiad, Sampson's pearly mussel, Sampson's riffleshell, or wabash riffleshell, scientific name Epioblasma sampsonii, was a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Sampson's naiad	Epioblasma
parent taxon	The Neotropical green anole (Anolis biporcatus) is a species of Anolis lizard, native to Central America and northern South America, from Mexico to Ecuador and Venezuela.	Neotropical green anole	Anolis
parent taxon	Slowinski's corn snake (Pantherophis slowinskii ) is a species of nonvenomous snake indigenous to Arkansas.	Slowinski's corn snake	Pantherophis
parent taxon	The Greater Mindanao shrew (Crocidura grandis) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Greater Mindanao shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	Okenia is a genus of colorful sea slugs, specifically of dorid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Goniodorididae.	Okenia	Goniodorididae
parent taxon	The Cuban evening bat (Nycticeius cubanus) is a species of bat in the vesper bat family, Vespertilionidae, that is endemic to western Cuba.	Cuban evening bat	Nycticeius
parent taxon	Genotina is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae,	Genotina	Mangeliidae
parent taxon	Centrophorus seychellorum or Seychelles gulper shark, is a species of fish in the Centrophoridae family found in Alphonse island in Seychelles.	Seychelles gulper shark	Centrophorus
parent taxon	Chlamydogobius micropterus, the Elizabeth Springs goby, is a species of goby endemic to Queensland, Australia where it occurs in shallow, marshy pools.	Elizabeth Springs goby	Chlamydogobius
parent taxon	Muscicapa is a genus of passerine birds belonging to the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae, and therein to the typical flycatchers of subfamily Muscicapinae.	Muscicapa	Muscicapidae
parent taxon	Dimitshydrus typhlops is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Dimitshydrus.	Dimitshydrus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Chamaesium is a genus of flowering plant in the Apiaceae, with 5 to 8 species.	Chamaesium	Apiaceae
parent taxon	The Amphinectidae are a spider family with about 180 described species in 35 genera.	Amphinectidae	spider
parent taxon	They are the namesake family of the huge and little-studied superfamily Gelechioidea, and the Gelechiidae's relationships with and delimitation against their relatives have been subject to considerable dispute.	Gelechiidae	Gelechioidea
parent taxon	Hegetotheria is a suborder of the extinct mammalian order Notoungulata and includes two families, Archaeohyracidae and Hegetotheriidae.	Hegetotheria	Notoungulata
parent taxon	Viverravidae is an extinct family within the superfamily Miacoidea.	Viverravidae	Miacoidea
parent taxon	Galerella is a genus of the mongoose family (Herpestidae) native to Africa and commonly called the slender mongooses.	Galerella	Herpestidae
parent taxon	Pongo hooijeri is an extinct species of orangutan from the Pleistocene of Vietnam.	Pongo hooijeri	orangutan
parent taxon	Cycadidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article ``A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III.'' This subclass comprises the cycads, which include the two families Cycadaceae and Zamiaceae.	Cycadidae	Equisetopsida
parent taxon	Stegocephalidae is a little-studied family of amphipods belonging to the suborder Gammaridea.	Stegocephalidae	Gammaridea
parent taxon	Apistobuthus is a genus of scorpions in the family Buthidae.	Apistobuthus	Buthidae
parent taxon	Hippocastanoideae is a subfamily of flowering plants in the soapberry family, Sapindaceae.	Hippocastanoideae	Sapindaceae
parent taxon	The Kanab ambersnail, scientific name Oxyloma haydeni kanabense or Oxyloma kanabense, is a critically endangered subspecies or species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Succineidae, the amber snails.	Kanab ambersnail	Oxyloma haydeni
parent taxon	The Mindoro hornbill (Penelopides mindorensis) is a species of hornbill in the Bucerotidae family.	Mindoro hornbill	Penelopides
parent taxon	Haptoderidius debeckeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Haptoderidius.	Haptoderidius	Carabidae
parent taxon	Arrhoges is a monospecific genus of medium-sized sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Aporrhaidae and the superfamily Stromboidea.	Arrhoges	Aporrhaidae
parent taxon	The Montagu's harrier (Circus pygargus) is a migratory bird of prey of the harrier family.	Montagu's harrier	Circus
parent taxon	Aachenosaurus is a dubious genus of prehistoric plant.	Aachenosaurus	plant
parent taxon	The California quail (Callipepla californica), also known as the California valley quail or valley quail, is a small ground-dwelling bird in the New World quail family.	California quail	Callipepla
parent taxon	The Naomi's forest frog (Platymantis naomii) is a species of frog in the Ceratobatrachidae family.	Naomi's forest frog	Platymantis
parent taxon	Philomma was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family, it is now considered a synonym of Derrima.	Philomma	Noctuidae
parent taxon	The Greek lamprey (Eudontomyzon hellenicus) (also known as the Greek brook lamprey) is a species of jawless fish in the Petromyzontidae family.	Greek lamprey	Eudontomyzon
parent taxon	``We assign Hainina to the Kogaionidae (superfamily incertae sedis); it differs from Kogaionon in having ornamented enamel, while the enamel is smooth in Kogaionon,'' (Kielan-Jaworowska & Hurum, 2001, p.409).	Hainina	Kogaionidae
parent taxon	Tasmanida norfolkae is a species of squat lobster in a monotypic genus in the family Munididae.	Tasmanida	Munididae
parent taxon	The Oxypeltidae are a small family belonging to the superfamily Chrysomeloidea, widespread in the Andean region of Chile and Argentina.	Oxypeltidae	Chrysomeloidea
parent taxon	Class Merostomata Dana, 1852 Order Eurypterida Burmeister, 1843 Suborder Stylonurina Diener, 1924 Superfamily Hibbertopteroidea Kjellesvig-Waering, 1959 Family Mycteroptidae Størmer, 1951 Genus Mycterops Cope1886 Mycterops blairi Waterston, 1968 Mycterops matthieui Pruvost, 1924 Mycterops ordinatus Cope, 1886 ?	Mycteroptidae	Hibbertopteroidea
parent taxon	Terraconia is a genus of very small freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Terraconia	Hydrobiidae
parent taxon	Devil's club or devil's walking stick (Oplopanax horridus, Araliaceae; syn. Echinopanax horridus, Fatsia horrida) is a large understory shrub endemic to the arboreal rainforests of the pacific northwest, but also disjunct on islands in Lake Superior.	Devil's club	Oplopanax
parent taxon	Highback chub (Hybopsis hypsinotus) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family (Cyprinidae).	Highback chub	Hybopsis
parent taxon	Vaillant's frog (Rana vaillanti) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in Belize, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, and Panama.	Vaillant's frog	Rana
parent taxon	The Snow Mountains quail (Anurophasis monorthonyx), also known as the Snow Mountain quail, is a large, approximately 28 cm (11 in) long, dark brown quail of Alpine grasslands.	Snow Mountains quail	Anurophasis
parent taxon	Cereeae are a tribe of cactus belonging to the Cactoideae subfamily.	Cereeae	Cactoideae
parent taxon	Humerana is a genus of frogs in the Ranidae family from southern and southeastern Asia.	Humerana	Ranidae
parent taxon	Lithocarpus is a genus in the beech family Fagaceae, differing from Quercus in the erect male spikes.	Lithocarpus	Fagaceae
parent taxon	Katinka's shrew (Crocidura katinka) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Katinka's shrew	Crocidura
parent taxon	The Petit's cuckooshrike (Campephaga petiti) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family.	Petit's cuckooshrike	Campephaga
parent taxon	Plicatodus is a prehistoric shark in the family Xenacanthidae, that existed during the lower Permian in what is now Germany.	Plicatodus	Xenacanthidae
parent taxon	The Bonin wood pigeon (Columba versicolor) was a pigeon endemic to Nakodo-jima and Chichi-jima in the Ogasawara Islands, south of Japan.	Bonin wood pigeon	Columba
parent taxon	Arionidae, common name the ``roundback slugs'' or ``round back slugs'' are a taxonomic family of air-breathing land slugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Arionoidea.	Arionidae	Arionoidea
parent taxon	Ypresiomyrma is an extinct genus of ants in the subfamily Myrmeciinae that was described in 2006.	Ypresiomyrma	Myrmeciinae
parent taxon	Camissoniopsis is a plant genus in the evening primrose family Onagraceae.	Camissoniopsis	Onagraceae
parent taxon	Synagelides is a genus of Asian spiders of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders).	Synagelides	Salticidae
parent taxon	Pterostillichus caecus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Pterostillichus.	Pterostillichus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Phylloglossum, a genus in the clubmoss family Huperziaceae, is a small plant superficially resembling a tiny grass plant, growing with a rosette of slender leaves 2-5 cm long from an underground bulb-like root.	Phylloglossum	Huperziaceae
parent taxon	The Meso-American slider (Trachemys venusta) is a species of turtle belonging to the family Emydidae with a distribution from Mexico to Colombia.	Meso-American slider	Trachemys
parent taxon	Heteralepas is a genus of goose barnacles in the family Heteralepadidae.	Heteralepas	Heteralepadidae
parent taxon	Pellona is a genus of ray-finned fishes in the Pristigasteridae family.	Pellona	Pristigasteridae
parent taxon	Fallotaspidella is a derived member of the superfamily ``Fallotaspidoidea''.	Fallotaspidella	Fallotaspidoidea
parent taxon	The Mwanza flat-headed rock agama (Agama mwanzae) or the Spider-Man agama, because of its coloration, is a lizard in the family Agamidae, found in Tanzania, Rwanda, and Kenya.	Mwanza flat-headed rock agama	Agama
parent taxon	Species in the genus Phelsuma are commonly referred to as day geckos.	Phelsuma	geckos
parent taxon	Koumansetta hectori, Hector's goby, is a species of goby native to the Indian Ocean (including the Red Sea) to the islands of Micronesia in the western Pacific Ocean.	Hector's goby	Koumansetta
parent taxon	Orobanchaceae, the broomrapes, is a family of parasitic plants of the order Lamiales, with about 90 genera and more than 2000 species.	Orobanchaceae	Lamiales
parent taxon	Argestina is a butterfly genus of the Satyrinae.	Argestina	Satyrinae
parent taxon	Exellodendron is a genus of plant in the family Chrysobalanaceae described as a genus in 1972.	Exellodendron	Chrysobalanaceae
parent taxon	The Jonah crab (Cancer borealis) is a marine brachyuran crab that inhabits waters along the east coast of North America from Newfoundland to Florida.	Jonah crab	Cancer
parent taxon	Paleoboa is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of Germany.	Paleoboa	snake
parent taxon	Chromoeme angustissima is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Chromoeme.	Chromoeme	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Persian vole (Microtus irani) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Persian vole	Microtus
parent taxon	Nardoa is a genus of sea star of the family Ophidiasteridae.	Nardoa	Ophidiasteridae
parent taxon	The Mycetopodidae are a family of freshwater pearly mussels in the order Unionoida restricted to South America.	Mycetopodidae	Unionoida
parent taxon	The Japanese sleeper ray (Narke japonica) is a species of electric ray in the family Narkidae.	Japanese sleeper ray	Narke
parent taxon	Italodytes stammeri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Italodytes.	Italodytes	Carabidae
parent taxon	Panthera onca augusta, commonly known as the Pleistocene North American jaguar, is an extinct subspecies of the jaguar that was endemic to North and South America during the Pleistocene epoch (1.8 mya--11,000 years ago).	Panthera onca augusta	jaguar
parent taxon	The Campbell teal or Campbell Island teal (Anas nesiotis) is a small, flightless, nocturnal species of dabbling duck of the genus Anas endemic to the Campbell Island group of New Zealand.	Campbell teal	Anas
parent taxon	The Rudd's mole-rat (Tachyoryctes ruddi) is a species of rodents in the family Spalacidae.	Rudd's mole-rat	Tachyoryctes
parent taxon	Ecsenius is a large genus of fish in the Blenniidae family.	Ecsenius	Blenniidae
parent taxon	Dryoctenes scrupulosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Dryoctenes.	Dryoctenes	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Amniscites pictipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Amniscites.	Amniscites	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Zythiostroma is a genus of canker fungus in the Nectriaceae family.	Zythiostroma	Nectriaceae
parent taxon	Campylosiphon is a genus of flowering plants in the Burmanniaceae, first described as a genus in 1882.	Campylosiphon	Burmanniaceae
parent taxon	Equisetidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article ``A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III.'' This subclass comprises the group commonly known as horsetails.	Equisetidae	Equisetopsida
parent taxon	Haminoea is a genus of medium-sized sea snails or bubble snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs in the family Haminoeidae, the haminoea bubble snails, part of the clade Cephalaspidea, the headshield slugs and bubble snails.	Haminoea	Haminoeidae
parent taxon	Trichonis blenny, Salaria economidisi, is a species of fish in the Blenniidae family.	Trichonis blenny	Salaria
parent taxon	Typhlocaris is a genus of blind cave-dwelling shrimp, placed in its own family, Typhlocarididae.	Typhlocaris	Typhlocarididae
parent taxon	Cuckoo bumblebees are members of the subgenus Psithyrus in the bumblebee genus Bombus.	Psithyrus	Bombus
parent taxon	Eriodictyon is a genus of plants within the Hydrophylloideae subfamily of the Boraginaceae family.	Eriodictyon	Hydrophylloideae
parent taxon	The Táchira antpitta (Grallaria chthonia) is a cryptical bird species.	Táchira antpitta	Grallaria
parent taxon	Gynocladius is a parthenogenetic genus in the subfamily Orthocladiinae (Chironomidae).	Gynocladius	Chironomidae
parent taxon	Silvacola is an extinct genus of hedgehog of the family Erinaceidae, which lived in North America during the Eocene, 50 million years ago.	Silvacola	Erinaceidae
parent taxon	Xibalbanus tulumensis (previously Speleonectes tulumensis -- Speleonectes = 'cave swimmer'; tulumensis = 'occurring at Tulum' -- Xibalbanus = 'from Xibalba') is a venomous, hermaphroditic crustacean found in anchialine caves on the Yucatán Peninsula in the Caribbean Sea.	Xibalbanus tulumensis	Speleonectes
parent taxon	The Güldenstädt's redstart (Phoenicurus erythrogastrus) also sometimes called the white-winged redstart, is a species of bird in the genus Phoenicurus, family Muscicapidae.	Güldenstädt's redstart	Phoenicurus
parent taxon	Synchiropus stellatus, commonly known as the Starry dragonet, is a species of dragonet native to the Indian Ocean where it is found at depths of around 40 metres (130 ft).	Starry dragonet	Synchiropus
parent taxon	Gray's stream frog (Strongylopus grayii) is a fairly small species of frog in the family Pyxicephalidae.	Gray's stream frog	Strongylopus
parent taxon	Oxycomanthus is a genus of crinoids belonging to the family Comasteridae.	Oxycomanthus	Comasteridae
parent taxon	Hydaticus is a genus of predatory water beetle belonging to the family Dytiscidae, native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Afro-tropical region, the Near East, the Nearctic and North Africa.	Hydaticus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Parmelinae is a genus of lichen belonging to the family Parmeliaceae.	Parmelina	Parmeliaceae
parent taxon	Belone belone (Linnaeus, 1761) (Garfish) Belone svetovidovi Collette & Parin, 1970 (Short-beaked garfish)	Belone	Garfish
parent taxon	Macadamia is a genus of four species of trees indigenous to Australia and constituting part of the plant family Proteaceae.	Macadamia	Proteaceae
parent taxon	Allen's cotton rat (Sigmodon alleni) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae.	Allen's cotton rat	Sigmodon
parent taxon	Bactericera is a psyllid bug genus in the family Triozidae.	Bactericera	Triozidae
parent taxon	Helicodiscidae is a family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrialpulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Punctoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Helicodiscidae	Punctoidea
parent taxon	The Manus boobook (Ninox meeki) is a small owl.	Manus boobook	Ninox
parent taxon	The German cockroach (Blattella germanica) is a small species of cockroach, typically about 1.1 to 1.6 cm (0.43 to 0.63 in) long.	German cockroach	Blattella
parent taxon	The genus Janetaescincus is usually placed in the subfamily Scincinae, which seems to be paraphyletic however.	Janetaescincus	Scincinae
parent taxon	The Olympic shrew (Sorex rohweri) is a rare species of shrew that lives in only 13 spots in northwest Washington State and, a recent discovery, in Burns Bog, located in Delta, BC. Not much is known about this species.	Olympic shrew	Sorex
parent taxon	Reptiliomorpha Order Seymouriamorpha Biarmica ?	Seymouriamorpha	Reptiliomorpha
parent taxon	The Socotra sunbird (Chalcomitra balfouri) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Socotra sunbird	Chalcomitra
parent taxon	Nymphoides, or floatingheart, is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae.	Nymphoides	Menyanthaceae
parent taxon	Pultenaea belongs to the tribe Mirbelieae, sister to tribe Bossiaeeae; family Fabaceae-Faboideae Pultenaea possibly not monophyletic, and is poorly resolved.	Pultenaea	Mirbelieae
parent taxon	The Thai whiting, Sillago intermedius, is a species of coastal marine fish of the smelt-whiting family Sillaginidae.	Thai whiting	Sillago
parent taxon	Batrachuperus is a genus of salamander in the Hynobiidae family found in western China and adjacent Myanmar.	Batrachuperus	Hynobiidae
parent taxon	Carinariidae, known by the common name ``heteropods'' like their relatives in the Pterotracheoidea, is a taxonomic family of swimming or floating sea snails, pelagic marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Carinariidae	Pterotracheoidea
parent taxon	Syndiclis is a genus of plant in Lauraceae family, In East and South East Asia, From India and China to Indonesia with 12 species known.	Syndiclis	Lauraceae
parent taxon	The Rockefeller's sunbird (Cinnyris rockefelleri) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family.	Rockefeller's sunbird	Cinnyris
parent taxon	Biffarius is a genus of ghost shrimp in the family Callianassidae, containing species formerly included in the genus Callianassa.	Biffarius	Callianassidae
parent taxon	The Australian pelican (Pelecanus conspicillatus) is a large waterbird of the family Pelecanidae, widespread on the inland and coastal waters of Australia and New Guinea, also in Fiji, parts of Indonesia and as a vagrant in New Zealand.	Australian pelican	Pelecanus
parent taxon	Borogovia was assigned by Osmólska to the Troodontidae in 1987.	Borogovia	Troodontidae
parent taxon	Megalocytivirus is one of five genera of viruses within the family Iridoviridae and one of three genera within this family which infect teleost fishes, along with Lymphocystivirus and Ranavirus.	Megalocytivirus	Iridoviridae
parent taxon	The Layard's warbler or Layard's tit-babbler (Sylvia layardi) is a species of Old World warbler in the Sylviidae family.	Layard's warbler	Sylvia
parent taxon	Senticaudata is one of the four suborders of the crustacean order Amphipoda (aka scuds, sideswimmers).	Senticaudata	Amphipoda
parent taxon	Spirillum is a genus of Gram-negative bacteria within family Spirillaceae.	Spirillum	Spirillaceae
parent taxon	Rhabdastrella is a genus of marine sponges belonging to the family of Ancorinidae.	Rhabdastrella	Ancorinidae
parent taxon	Neomallocera opulenta is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neomallocera.	Neomallocera	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Premnoplex is the genus of typical barbtails, birds in the family Furnariidae.	Premnoplex	Furnariidae
parent taxon	The Tahiti crake (Porzana nigra), also known as Miller's rail, was a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	Tahiti crake	Porzana
parent taxon	The Chinese mystery snail, black snail, or trapdoor snail, scientific name Bellamya chinensis, synonym Cipangopaludina chinensis, is a large freshwater snail with gills and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.	Chinese mystery snail	Bellamya
parent taxon	South Island telegraph frog (Eleutherodactylus audanti) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Hispaniola.	South Island telegraph frog	Eleutherodactylus
parent taxon	Amorphoscelididae is a family of mantises consisting of 16 genera in the order Mantodea.	Amorphoscelididae	Mantodea
parent taxon	The African forest turtle (Pelusios gabonensis) is a species of turtle in the family Pelomedusidae.	African forest turtle	Pelusios
parent taxon	The Diestoceratidae comprises a family in the nautiloid cephalopod order Oncocerida with compressed, straight to faintly endogastic breviconic shells with a marginal siphuncle that contains discrete, irregular actinosphonate deposits.	Diestoceratidae	Oncocerida
parent taxon	The Indian hedgehog (Paraechinus micropus) is a species of hedgehog native to India and Pakistan.	Indian hedgehog	Paraechinus
parent taxon	(2010) moved Sacoglossa into the Panpulmonata.	Sacoglossa	Panpulmonata
parent taxon	Laufeia is a spider genus of the Salticidae family (jumping spiders) with Asian distribution, where they are found on shrubs and other plants.	Laufeia	Salticidae
parent taxon	Scaloposauridae is no longer recognized as a valid group, and Scalopocephalus is now classified as a basal member of Baurioidea.	Scalopocephalus	Baurioidea
parent taxon	Coscinodiscaceae is a diatom family in the order Coscinodiscales.	Coscinodiscaceae	Coscinodiscales
parent taxon	Peringia ulvae seems to prefer more exposed localities with less vegetation than Hydrobia ventrosa and Hydrobia neglecta.	Peringia ulvae	Hydrobia
parent taxon	Blastozoa is a subphylum of extinct animals belonging to Phylum Echinodermata.	Blastozoa	Echinodermata
parent taxon	Entoconcha is a genus of very small parasitic sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Eulimidae.	Entoconcha	Eulimidae
parent taxon	Diplolaemus is a genus of lizards in the family Leiosauridae, endemic to southern South America.	Diplolaemus	Leiosauridae
parent taxon	Stylissa is a genus of sponges from Dictyonellidae family.	Stylissa	Dictyonellidae
parent taxon	Caerostris is a genus of spiders in the Araneidae family.	Caerostris	Araneidae
parent taxon	Trochonematidae is an extinct taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Trochonematoidea.	Trochonematidae	Trochonematoidea
parent taxon	Iuati spinithorax is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Iuati.	Iuati	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Cananeuretus is an extinct genus of ant in the Formicidae subfamily Aneuretinae, and is one of two Cretaceous genera of the subfamily.	Cananeuretus	Aneuretinae
parent taxon	Watts's spiny rat (Maxomys wattsi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Watts's spiny rat	Maxomys
parent taxon	Western blacknose dace (Rhinichthys obtusus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Rhinichthys.	Western blacknose dace	Rhinichthys
parent taxon	Hypoplectrus indigo, also known as the indigo hamlet, is a species of Hamlet from the Western Central Atlantic.	Hypoplectrus indigo	Hamlet
parent taxon	The Indian crested porcupine (Hystrix indica), or Indian porcupine, is a large species of Hystricomorph rodent (order Rodentia) belonging to the Old World porcupine family, Hystricidae.	Indian crested porcupine	Hystrix
parent taxon	The Oktedi rainbowfish (Melanotaenia oktediensis) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family.	Oktedi rainbowfish	Melanotaenia
parent taxon	The East African little collared fruit bat (Myonycteris relicta) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	East African little collared fruit bat	Myonycteris
parent taxon	The following cladogram is simplified after the phylogenetic analysis of MacDougall and Reisz (2014) and shows the placement of Procolophonomorpha within Parareptilia and its interrelationships.	Procolophonomorpha	Parareptilia
parent taxon	Ariunculus is a genus of air-breathing land slugs in the family Arionidae, the roundback slugs.	Ariunculus	Arionidae
parent taxon	The Vogelkop scrubwren (Sericornis rufescens) is a bird species.	Vogelkop scrubwren	Sericornis
parent taxon	Gigartinales is a red algae order in the class Florideophyceae.	Gigartinales	Florideophyceae
parent taxon	Chelonariidae is a family of beetles in the superfamily Byrrhoidea.	Chelonariidae	Byrrhoidea
parent taxon	The genus Pelecinus is the only living member of the family Pelecinidae (there are also two fossil genera), and contains only three species, restricted to the New World.	Pelecinus	Pelecinidae
parent taxon	The leaves of Drepanophycus and Baragwanathia are therefore by definition true microphylls, while those of Asteroxylon are not; see Drepanophycales for more details.	Asteroxylon	Drepanophycales
parent taxon	The Caspian tern (Hydroprogne caspia, formerly Sterna caspia) is a species of tern, with a subcosmopolitan but scattered distribution.	Caspian tern	Hydroprogne
parent taxon	The Egyptian vulture (Neophron percnopterus), also called the white scavenger vulture or pharaoh's chicken, is a small Old World vulture and the only member of the genus Neophron.	Egyptian vulture	Neophron
parent taxon	Vachellia cornigera, commonly known as Bullhorn Acacia (family Fabaceae), is a swollen-thorn tree native to Mexico and Central America.	Vachellia cornigera	Acacia
parent taxon	Genisteae is a tribe of trees, shrubs and herbaceous plants in the subfamily Faboideae of the legume family Fabaceae.	Genisteae	Faboideae
parent taxon	The Mexican wolf (Canis lupus baileyi), also known as the lobo, is a subspecies of gray wolf once native to southeastern Arizona, southern New Mexico, western Texas and northern Mexico.	Mexican wolf	gray wolf
parent taxon	Oligoria is a genus of skippers in the Hesperiidae family.	Oligoria	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Pemberton's deer mouse (Peromyscus pembertoni) lived on San Pedro Nolasco Island (27.96749°N 111.37845°W) in the Gulf of California.	Pemberton's deer mouse	Peromyscus
parent taxon	The Gran Canaria giant lizard (Gallotia stehlini) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family that grows to lengths up to 80 cm. It is endemic to Gran Canaria in the Canary Islands of Spain.	Gran Canaria giant lizard	Gallotia
parent taxon	Hump-winged grigs are insects belonging to the North American genus Cyphoderris, in the family Prophalangopsidae, related to katydids.	Hump-winged grig	Prophalangopsidae
parent taxon	The Clymene dolphin (Stenella clymene), in older texts known as the short-snouted spinner dolphin, is a dolphin endemic to the Atlantic Ocean.	Clymene dolphin	Stenella
parent taxon	Archips is a genus of tortrix moths the tribe Archipini.	Archips	Archipini
parent taxon	Tylochromis is a genus of African fishes in the family Cichlidae.	Tylochromis	Cichlidae
parent taxon	The Taiwan salamander, Hynobius formosanus, is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family, endemic to Taiwan, where it occurs in the high mountains at around 2,100 m (6,900 ft).	Taiwan salamander	Hynobius
parent taxon	The Hartlaub's turaco (Tauraco hartlaubi) is a species of bird in the Musophagidae family.	Hartlaub's turaco	Tauraco
parent taxon	Thermotogae is a phylum of the domain ``Bacteria''.	Thermotogae	Bacteria
parent taxon	Asparagoideae is a subfamily of monocot flowering plants in the family Asparagaceae, order Asparagales, according to the APG III system of 2009.	Asparagoideae	Asparagaceae
parent taxon	Macromaxillocaris bahamaensis is a species of stenopodidean shrimp, the only species in the family Macromaxillocarididae.	Macromaxillocaris	Macromaxillocarididae
parent taxon	Coreinae is a subfamily of the hemipteran insect family Coreidae.	Coreinae	Coreidae
parent taxon	Wikstroemia is a genus of 55-70 species of flowering shrubs and small trees in the mezereon family, Thymelaeaceae.	Wikstroemia	Thymelaeaceae
parent taxon	The Davao squirrel (Sundasciurus davensis) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Davao squirrel	Sundasciurus
parent taxon	Achenoderus octomaculatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Achenoderus.	Achenoderus	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Tropiocolotes is a genus of geckos that grow to about 2`` in length and are endemic to Northern Africa.	Tropiocolotes	geckos
parent taxon	The Pacific horned frog (Ceratophrys stolzmanni) is a species of frog in the Ceratophryidae family.	Pacific horned frog	Ceratophrys
parent taxon	Lissoceras is an involute, smooth or finely vetrolaterally ribbed, ammonite with a blunt, un-keeled venter, included in the Haploceratidae, that lived from the Lower Bajocian - Middle Oxfordian (Middle to Upper Jurassic) in what is now Europe, south Asia, and southern Alaska.	Lissoceras	Haploceratidae
parent taxon	Gongora, abbreviated Gga in horticultural trade, is a member of the Orchid family (Orchidaceae).	Gongora	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	The Bolivian slaty antshrike (Thamnophilus sticturus) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae.	Bolivian slaty antshrike	Thamnophilus
parent taxon	The Round scad, Decapterus punctatus, is a species of fish in the Carangidae.	Round scad	Decapterus
parent taxon	The Rhynchonellata is a class of Lower Cambrian to Recent articulate brachiopods that combines orders from within the Rhynchonelliformea (Articulata revised) with well developed pedicle attachment.	Rhynchonellata	Rhynchonelliformea
parent taxon	Discinidae is a family in the brachiopods superfamily Discinoidea.	Discinidae	Discinoidea
parent taxon	Tubbia, is a genus of the family Centrolophidae.	Tubbia	Centrolophidae
parent taxon	The Socotra cisticola or island cisticola (Cisticola haesitatus) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family.	Socotra cisticola	Cisticola
parent taxon	Paraprobatius bucki is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Paraprobatius.	Paraprobatius	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	Lobocla is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Eudaminae	Lobocla	Hesperiidae
parent taxon	Folinella is a genus of minute sea snails, pyramidellid gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pyramidellidae within the tribe Chrysallidini.	Folinella	Chrysallidini
parent taxon	Echinocardium is a genus of sea urchins of the family Loveniidae, known as heart urchins.	Echinocardium	Loveniidae
parent taxon	Iratusaurus is an extinct genus of dissorophoidean euskelian temnospondyl within the family Dissorophidae.	Iratusaurus	Dissorophidae
parent taxon	The Yazoo darter (Etheostoma raneyi) is a species of darter endemic to north-central Mississippi in the United States, where it is found only in tributaries of the Little Tallahatchie and Yocona rivers.	Yazoo darter	Etheostoma
parent taxon	Trichognathus marginipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Trichognathus.	Trichognathus	Carabidae
parent taxon	Pellonulinae is a subfamily of freshwater herrings belonging to the family Clupeidae.	Pellonulinae	Clupeidae
parent taxon	The Indian swiftlet, or Indian edible-nest swiftlet, (Aerodramus unicolor) is a small swift.	Indian swiftlet	Aerodramus
parent taxon	Neocogniauxia is a genus of orchids, (family Orchidaceae), consisting of two species in the Greater Antilles.	Neocogniauxia	Orchidaceae
parent taxon	Neoscortechinia is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1897.	Neoscortechinia	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Oocorys is a genus of large, deepwater sea snails, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cassidae, the helmet snails and bonnet snails.	Oocorys	Cassidae
parent taxon	The Coiban mastiff bat (Molossus coibensis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Coiban mastiff bat	Molossus
parent taxon	Laelaptoseius is a monotypic genus of mites in the family Ascidae, endemic to New Zealand.	Laelaptoseius	Ascidae
parent taxon	Virola is a genus of medium-sized trees native to the South American rainforest and closely related to other Myristicaceae, such as nutmeg.	Virola	Myristicaceae
parent taxon	Miocryptorhopalum kirkbyae is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Miocryptorhopalum.	Miocryptorhopalum	Dermestidae
parent taxon	The Spicipalpia are a suborder of Trichoptera, the caddisflies.	Spicipalpia	Trichoptera
parent taxon	Thomas's shrew tenrec (Microgale thomasi) is a species of mammal in the family Tenrecidae.	Thomas's shrew tenrec	Microgale
parent taxon	Aphatum rufulum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Aphatum.	Aphatum	Cerambycidae
parent taxon	The Mexican spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi vellerosus), is a subspecies of Geoffroy's spider monkey, a type of New World monkey, from Mexico and Central America, native to Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua and El Salvador.	Mexican spider monkey	Geoffroy's spider monkey
parent taxon	Although Horsfield's tarsier was usually placed in the genus Tarsius with all other living tarsiers, it is quite distinct from the Philippine tarsier and the various tarsiers of Sulawesi and nearby islands; therefore, scientists have placed it in a separate genus, Cephalopachus.	Horsfield's tarsier	Tarsius
parent taxon	Hasseltiopsis is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the willow family, Salicaceae.	Hasseltiopsis	Salicaceae
parent taxon	Emileia is included in the family Otoitidae and superfamily Stephanocerataceae of the Ammonitina	Emileia	Otoitidae
parent taxon	Cottus schitsuumsh, commonly known as the Cedar sculpin, is a small, large-headed species of cottid that is found in the Coeur d'Alene and St. Joe rivers in northern Idaho, and in a stretch of the Clark Fork river in western Montana.	Cedar sculpin	Cottus
parent taxon	The Red Sea sailfin tang or Desjardin's sailfin tang (Zebrasoma desjardinii) is a marine reef tang in the fish family Acanthuridae.	Red Sea sailfin tang	Zebrasoma
parent taxon	Lozania is a genus of Lacistemataceae consisting of five species:	Lozania	Lacistemataceae
parent taxon	The Brazilian teal or Brazilian duck (Amazonetta brasiliensis) is the only duck in the genus Amazonetta.	Brazilian teal	Amazonetta
parent taxon	Trachemys dorbignyi dorbignyi, also known as the Southern D'Orbigny's Slider or simply Orbigny's Slider, is a relative of the Pond Slider.	Trachemys dorbignyi dorbignyi	D'Orbigny's Slider
parent taxon	Platynerita is a genus of submarine cave snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Neritiliidae.	Platynerita	Neritiliidae
parent taxon	Procoelambus macrocephalus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Procoelambus.	Procoelambus	Dytiscidae
parent taxon	Progonostola is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae, native to Hawaii.	Progonostola	Geometridae
parent taxon	Caryophylliina is a suborder of stony corals, order Scleractinia.	Caryophylliina	Scleractinia
parent taxon	Callyspongia is a demosponge genus in the family Callyspongiidae.	Callyspongia	Callyspongiidae
parent taxon	The Andean swift (Aeronautes andecolus) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family.	Andean swift	Aeronautes
parent taxon	Cochlicellidae is a family of small air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Cochlicellidae	Helicoidea
parent taxon	Niphargus is by far the largest genus of its family, the Niphargidae, and the largest of all freshwater amphipod genera.	Niphargus	Niphargidae
parent taxon	Thiara is a genus of freshwater snails, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Thiaridae.	Thiara	Thiaridae
parent taxon	Petrobacter is a genus of gram-negative, non-spore-forming bacteria from the family of Rhodocyclaceae which belongs to the class of Betaproteobacteria.	Petrobacter	Rhodocyclaceae
parent taxon	Ectropis is a genus in the geometer moth family (Geometridae).	Ectropis	Geometridae
parent taxon	Trisyngyne nuda was known as Nothofagus nuda prior to 2013.	Trisyngyne nuda	Nothofagus
parent taxon	Setulipes is a genus of fungus in the Marasmiaceae family.	Setulipes	Marasmiaceae
parent taxon	Polycestaxia howas is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Polycestaxia.	Polycestaxia	Buprestidae
parent taxon	The Bryopsida constitute the largest class of mosses, containing 95% of all moss species.	Bryopsida	moss
parent taxon	The Niangara free-tailed bat (Mops niangarae) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae.	Niangara free-tailed bat	Mops
parent taxon	Synthetoceratini is an extinct tribe of the subfamily Synthetoceratinae within the family Protoceratidae belonging to the order Artiodactyla endemic to North America during the Miocene, living epoch 20.6--4.9 Ma, existing for approximately 15.7 million years.	Synthetoceratini	Synthetoceratinae
parent taxon	Robbins's yellow bat (Scotophilus nucella) is a species of vesper bat.	Robbins's yellow bat	Scotophilus
parent taxon	Spirostreptus is a genus of giant millipedes of the family Spirostreptidae.	Spirostreptus	Spirostreptidae
parent taxon	The Ceylon krait or Sri Lankan krait (Bungarus ceylonicus) is a species of venomous elapid snake which is endemic to the island Sri Lanka, locally known as මුදු කරවලා (mudu karawalaa).	Sri Lankan krait	Bungarus
parent taxon	Mesoniviridae is a member of the order Nidovirales, an order of +ssRNA viruses with animal hosts.	Mesoniviridae	Nidovirales
parent taxon	Recluzia is a genus of small to medium-sized pelagic or planktonic sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the family Janthinidae.	Recluzia	Janthinidae
parent taxon	Percopsidae is a family of fish in the order Percopsiformes, with one extant genus with two species, both endemic to North America, and two known fossil genera.	Percopsidae	Percopsiformes
parent taxon	Linderniaceae is a family of flowering plants in the order Lamiales, which consists of about 13 genera and 195 species from worldwide, mainly in neotropics.	Linderniaceae	Lamiales
parent taxon	Heterochordariaceae is a brown algae family in the order Ralfsiales.	Heterochordariaceae	Ralfsiales
parent taxon	The Sclater's whistler (Pachycephala soror) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family.	Sclater's whistler	Pachycephala
parent taxon	Harpactorini is a tribe of the Harpactorinae (assassin bugs).	Harpactorini	Harpactorinae
parent taxon	Syphonota geographica, or the geographic sea hare, is a species of sea slug or sea hare, a marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aplysiidae, the sea hares.	Syphonota geographica	Aplysiidae
parent taxon	Discoglypremna is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1911.	Discoglypremna	Euphorbiaceae
parent taxon	Plentuisa vendia is a species of land snail in the family Hygromiidae, the hairy snails and their allies.	Plentuisa	Hygromiidae
parent taxon	Mecodema is a genus of ground beetle in the family Carabidae.	Mecodema	Carabidae
participant of	Lourembam Brojeshori Devi (1 January 1981 -- 21 July 2013) was an Indian judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Lourembam Brojeshori Devi	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Thomas Whalan (born 13 January 1980) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics, in the 2004 Summer Olympics, in the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Whalan	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hilarión Osorio is a Paraguayan football forward who played for Paraguay in the 1950 FIFA World Cup.	Hilarión Osorio	1950 FIFA World Cup
participant of	In spite of the doubts concerning his physical condition, David Douillet was present in Sydney, Australia, for the opening ceremonies of the 2000 Summer Olympics.	David Douillet	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Albert Bond Lambert (December 6, 1875 -- November 12, 1946) was an American golfer who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics and in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Albert Bond Lambert	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klaas Ooms (9 June 1917 - 17 January 1970) was a Dutch football forward who played for the Netherlands in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.	Klaas Ooms	1938 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Guo Jie (Chinese: 郭洁; pinyin: Guō Jié; January 16, 1912 -- November 15, 2015) was a Chinese Olympic athlete who competed at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, where he was eliminated before reaching the final of the men's discus throw event.	Guo Jie	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michael Metz (born June 16, 1964) is a former field hockey player from Germany, who won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea for West Germany.	Michael Metz	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Josef Puhm (March 10, 1877 -- July 1961) was an Austrian fencer who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Josef Puhm	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luis del Cerro (born 7 June 1924) is a Spanish former sport shooter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics, the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Luis del Cerro	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christine Keshen (born February 6, 1978 in Invermere, British Columbia) is a Canadian curler from Invermere, British Columbia) Keshen played lead for Team Canada, skipped by Shannon Kleibrink at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Christine Keshen	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Phil Boyd (June 5, 1876 -- November 16, 1967) was an Olympic rower who won a Silver Medal in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Phil Boyd	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Amos Biwott (born 8 September 1947) is a former Kenyan long-distance runner, winner of the 3000 m steeplechase at the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Amos Biwott	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bernadette Rauter (born 8 August 1949 in Breitenwang) is an Austrian former alpine skier who competed in the 1968 Winter Olympics and 1972 Winter Olympics.	Bernadette Rauter	1968 Winter Olympics	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Ibrahim Balla (born 1 October 1990 in Werribee, Victoria) is an amateur Albanian Australian boxer who competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in New Delhi and has been selected for the 2012 Summer Olympics in the bantamweight division.	Ibrahim Balla	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wilfredo Maisonave Oriol (born 17 September 1951 in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican former long jumper who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Wilfredo Maisonave	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alexandru Turei (born August 7, 1952 in Cluj-Napoca) is a former light flyweight Romanian boxer who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Alexandru Turei	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roman Wäger (born February 20, 1963) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey left winger who last played for Kloten Flyers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at several international tournaments, including the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Roman Wäger	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Raymond Mayers (born 8 January 1960) is an Australian water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics, avid bird watcher and stamp collector, enjoys model trains.	Raymond Mayers	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Janez Pleteršek (born 19 June 1960 in Maribor) is a Slovenian former alpine skier who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1984 Winter Olympics.	Janez Pleteršek	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	Erik Joel Ramqvist (July 13, 1909 -- November 25, 2001) was a Swedish canoer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Joel Ramqvist	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tervel Pulev is best known for winning a bronze medal for Men's Boxing (Heavyweight division 91 kg) at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom.	Tervel Pulev	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Art Griffiths (born 9 September 1924) is a Canadian former rower who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Art Griffiths	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jalal Keshmiri (Persian: جلال کشمیری‎‎), (25 March 1939 -- 6 February 1999) was an Iranian shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics.	Jalal Keshmiri	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paulose Pandari Kunnel (born May 21, 1977 in Kannur, Kerala) is an Indian rower that participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Paulose Pandari Kunnel	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Wolfgang Nitschke (born 3 March 1947 in Waldenburg, Saxony) is a German former wrestler who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Wolfgang Nitschke	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adam Mania (born 31 August 1983 in Hickman, Nebraska) is a swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece for Poland.	Adam Mania	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Stevan Pavlović (16 May 1926 -- 30 July 1998) was a Serbian long-distance runner who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Stevan Pavlović	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rudolf Kramer (born 17 January 1886, date of death unknown) was an Austrian road racing cyclist who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Rudolf Kramer	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ferenc Forgács (also reported as Forgách, Slovak: František Faczinek, born September 25, 1891, date of death unknown) was a track and field athlete who competed for Hungary in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Ferenc Forgács	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Namgyal Lhamu (born 5 April 1974), is a archer who internationally represented Bhutan Lhamu competed for Bhutan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, she finished 61st in the individual event, and the Bhutanese women's team finished 17th.	Namgyal Lhamu	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roman Kierpacz (born 5 February 1961 in Siemianowice Śląskie) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Roman Kierpacz	1980 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jules Keignaert (June 15, 1907 in Tourcoing -- May 26, 1994) was a French water polo player, who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Jules Keignaert	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nikolajs Švedrēvics (January 18, 1891 -- July 7, 1937) was a Latvian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics, where he finished 20th in the javelin throw competition.	Nikolajs Švedrēvics	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Izumi Fujii (born 26 June 1959) is a Japanese former handball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Izumi Fujii	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nan Aye Khine (Burmese: နန်အေးခိုင်) born 19 September 1976) is a Burmese weightlifter who competed in the women's 48 kg at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Nan Aye Khine	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Branimir Vujević (born 29 November 1974 in Zadar) is a Croatian rower who won a bronze medal in the eights competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Branimir Vujević	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gary O'Shaughnessy is an Irish singer and musician who represented Ireland in Eurovision Song Contest 2001 with the song ``Without Your Love'' finishing 21st out of 23 entries.	Gary O'Shaughnessy	Eurovision Song Contest 2001
participant of	Wu Chunlan (Chinese: 吴纯兰; born 19 November 1972) is a Chinese former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	Wu Chunlan	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Michelle Despain Hoeger (born November 5, 1984) is an Argentine-American luge athlete who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Michelle Despain	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Florin Mina (July 3, 1959 -- 2006) was a Romanian former volleyball player who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Florin Mina	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jürg Berger (born February 5, 1954) is a retired Swiss professional ice hockey forward who last played for SCL Tigers in the National League A. He also represented the Swiss national team at the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Jürg Berger	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Tereza Čapková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtɛrɛza ˈtʃapkovaː); born 24 July 1987 in Příbram) is a Czech track and field athlete who will compete at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Tereza Čapková	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sebastião Amorim Gimenez known as Tião (born 31 May 1925) is a Brazilian former basketball player who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Sebastião Amorim Gimenez	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Florence Chambers (November 2, 1907 -- September 27, 1979), later known by her married name Florence Newkirk, was an American competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris.	Florence Chambers	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Meghan Duggan (born September 3, 1987) is an American ice hockey forward who represented the United States at the 2010 Winter Olympics, winning a silver medal.	Meghan Duggan	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Shigehiro Takahashi (born 15 June 1961) is a former Japanese swimmer who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Shigehiro Takahashi	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Christian Bassemir (born March 13, 1956) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from West Germany, who was a member of the West German team that won the silver medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Christian Bassemir	1984 Summer Olympics
participant of	Valdemar Rodrigues Martíns, best known as Oreco, (born in Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul, June 13, 1932 -- April 3, 1985 in Ituverava, São Paulo) was an footballer who was on the winning team of the 1958 FIFA World Cup.	Oreco	1958 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Richard Sheldon (July 9, 1878 - January 23, 1935) was the winner of the gold medal in the men's shot put at the 1900 Summer Olympics held in Paris, France.	Richard Sheldon	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vlado & Isolda was a pop duo that represented Yugoslavia at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 with the song ``Ciao, amore''.	Vlado & Isolda	Eurovision Song Contest 1984
participant of	Henri Hurskainen (born 13 September 1986) is a Swedish badminton player who competed for Sweden at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.	Henri Hurskainen	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Alfred Streun (born June 17, 1925) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey player who competed for the Swiss national team at the 1952 Winter Olympics.	Alfred Streun	1952 Winter Olympics
participant of	Andrzej Pluciński (November 13, 1915 in Kraków -- August 27, 1963) was a Polish basketball player, who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Andrzej Pluciński	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cinzia Ragusa (born May 24, 1977) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, where she won a gold medal.	Cinzia Ragusa	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Darko Nišavić (May 28, 1952 in Zrenjanin--May 9, 2005) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics where he won 4th place and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Darko Nišavić	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rudolf Bezděk (born February 12, 1916) is a boxer who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Rudolf Bezděk	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	George Arthur Miller (6 December 1867 -- 21 February 1935), was a British polo player who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics as a member of the British polo team Roehampton, which won the gold medal.	George Arthur Miller	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ernst Paulus (3 January 1897, in Marburg -- 12 September 1986, in Reinickendorf) was a German athlete who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Ernst Paulus	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Estela Giménez Cid (born 29 March 1979 in Madrid, Spain) is a Spanish former rhythmic gymnast who won a gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the group all-around event.	Estela Giménez	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kylie Cronk (born 27 March 1984 in Toowoomba, Queensland) is a softball player from Australia, who won a bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Kylie Cronk	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marek Garmulewicz (born 22 January 1968 in Mozgawa) is a Polish former wrestler who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics, in the 1996 Summer Olympics, in the 2000 Summer Olympics, and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marek Garmulewicz	1992 Summer Olympics	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Klavdija Koženkova (née Korniuščenko, born March 22, 1949) is a Lithuanian rower who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Klavdija Koženkova	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bárbara Malda Salinas (born 12 May 1984 in Bilbao) is a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Bárbara Malda	2004 Summer Olympics	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Marissa Carpadios (born 30 December 1977 in Brisbane) is a softball player from Australia, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Marissa Carpadios	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jana Henke (born 1 October 1973 in Löbau, Saxony) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany, who won the bronze medal in the 800 m freestyle at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Jana Henke	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Dan Bittman (Romanian pronunciation: (ˈdan ˈbitman); born 29 March 1962, Bucharest) is a Romanian singer who represented the country at the Eurovision Song Contest 1994 and came 21st with 14 points.	Dan Bittman	Eurovision Song Contest 1994
participant of	Charles Cumont was a Belgian modern pentathlete who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Charles Cumont	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maria Maricich (born March 30, 1961 in Sun Valley, Idaho) is a retired American alpine skier who competed in the 1984 Winter Olympics.	Maria Maricich	1984 Winter Olympics
participant of	William MacKune (born 6 August 1882 - died ?) was a British gymnast who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	William MacKune	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Volodymyr Shatskykh (born 2 July 1981 in Molodohvardiysk, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian former Olympic Greco-Roman wrestler who represented his country at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics.	Volodymyr Shatskykh	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Pafos FC will compete in the 2014--15 Cypriot Second Division, in their first season as a club.	Pafos FC	2014--15 Cypriot Second Division
participant of	Zhang Yafei (born 15 September 1970) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Zhang Yafei	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Flavia Zoccari (born 1 November 1986) is an Italian swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Flavia Zoccari	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Julio Lores Colán (born 15 September 1908 - date of death unknown) was a Peruvian-Mexican football forward who played for Peru in the 1930 FIFA World Cup and for Mexico.	Julio Lores	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Giancarlo Marocchi (born 4 July 1965 in Imola) is a former Italian footballer, who played as a central midfielder, representing Italy at the 1990 FIFA World Cup, where they finished in third place on home soil.	Giancarlo Marocchi	1990 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Pēteris Zeltiņš (14 July 1914 -- 9 November 1994) was a Latvian racewalker who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Pēteris Zeltiņš	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrej Kastelic (born 6 April 1971 in Ljubljana) is a Slovenian handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Andrej Kastelic	2000 Summer Olympics	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Remigijus Valiulis (born September 20, 1958 in Šilutė, Lithuanian SSR) was a Lithuanian athlete, gold medalist in the men's 4x400 meter relay at the 1980 Summer Olympics for the Soviet Union.	Remigijus Valiulis	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Cameron Delaney (born 25 November 1980) is an Australian former swimmer who competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Cameron Delaney	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	María Belén Succi (born 16 October 1985) is an Argentine field hockey goalkeeper who won the gold medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro and the bronze medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing with the national field hockey team.	Belén Succi	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Zaw Win Thet (born 1 March 1991 in Kyonpyaw, Pathein District, Ayeyarwady Division, Myanmar) is a Burmese runner who competed in the 400 m event at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Zaw Win Thet	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anzor Kiknadze (Georgian: ანზორ კიკნაძე, Russian: Анзор Леванович Кикнадзе, 26 March 1934 -- 17 November 1977) was a Georgian judoka who won a bronze medal in the heavyweight division (+80 kg) at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Anzor Kiknadze	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	George Ahlgren (August 16, 1928 -- December 30, 1951) was an American rower who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	George Ahlgren	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Paweł Woźniak (born March 5, 1969 in Zielona Góra, Lubuskie) is a former hurdler from Poland, who represented his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Paweł Woźniak	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tauno Ilmoniemi (ne Granit) (16 May 1893 -- 21 September 1934) was a Finnish gymnast and diver who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Tauno Ilmoniemi	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rosario Parmegiani (born March 12, 1937 in Naples) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Rosario Parmegiani	1960 Summer Olympics	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adolf Nilsen (March 3, 1895 -- October 1983) was a Norwegian-American rower who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Adolf Nilsen	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ryan Bedford (born October 20, 1986 in Yuma, Arizona) is an American speed skater who competed at the 2010 Winter Olympics.	Ryan Bedford	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	On 19 November 2011, Macedonian Radio Television invited Kaliopi to represent Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 in Baku, Azerbaijan.	Kaliopi	Eurovision Song Contest 2012
participant of	Alain Sarteur (born 17 June 1946 in Plailly, Oise, France) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Alain Sarteur	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tatiana Shchegoleva is a Russian basketball player who competed for the Russian National Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, winning the bronze medal.	Tatiana Shchegoleva	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Brian Field (15 December 1934 -- 27 April 1979) was a solicitor's clerk who was one of the masterminds of the Great Train Robbery.	Brian Field	Great Train Robbery
participant of	Thomas Domian (born 5 July 1964) is a retired West German competition rower who won a gold medal in the coxed eights event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Thomas Domian	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	John Henry Jonsson (12 May 1912 -- 9 March 2001) was a Swedish runner who won a bronze medal over 5000 m at the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Henry Jonsson	1936 Summer Olympics
performer	5 by Monk by 5 is an album by jazz pianist Thelonious Monk, released in 1959.	5 by Monk by 5	Thelonious Monk
performer	Sweet Surprise is a song by Annie Lennox, Chris & Cosey and Dave Stewart released in 1985 as a 7-inch through Rough Trade UK Records.	Sweet Surprise	Annie Lennox
performer	``Burning Like a Flame'' is a song by American heavy metal band Dokken, released in 1987 on the album Back for the Attack.	Burning Like a Flame	Dokken
performer	U.S.C.H! is the third studio album by the Finnish industrial metal band Turmion Kätilöt.	U.S.C.H!	Turmion Kätilöt
performer	Mercedes 5 and Dime is the third studio album released by the Canadian alternative rock band Moist.	Mercedes 5 and Dime	Moist
performer	Razorback Killers is the tenth album by heavy metal band Vicious Rumors, released in 2011.	Razorback Killers	Vicious Rumors
performer	Jesse Come Home is the ninth and final album by James Gang, released in 1976.	Jesse Come Home	James Gang
performer	``Încă o noapte'' is a single by Romanian dance music group DJ Project and the most successful single on their Povestea mea album.	Încă o noapte	DJ Project
performer	Estrellas del Caos is a 2006 album, of the Venezuelan Ska band Desorden Público.	Estrellas del Caos	Desorden Público
performer	Credit in Heaven is an album released by the American New wave band The Suburbs, released in 1981.	Credit in Heaven	The Suburbs
performer	Alle kleuren (English: All Colours) is the second studio album by the Belgian music trio K3.	Alle kleuren	K3
performer	Bomb in a Birdcage is the second studio album by A Fine Frenzy, the stage name of American singer-songwriter Alison Sudol.	Bomb in a Birdcage	A Fine Frenzy
performer	The End of Meaning is the sixth full-length album by industrial/hip hop artists Consolidated, which was released in 2000.	The End of Meaning	Consolidated
performer	Into the Plateau is the third studio album by Spanish alternative dance band Delorean, released in July 2006 by BCore.	Into the Plateau	Delorean
performer	``Brother Rapp'' is a 1970 funk song written and performed by James Brown.	Brother Rapp	James Brown
performer	``Hey Young Girl'' is the second single from Lloyd's first studio album Southside.	Hey Young Girl	Lloyd
performer	``Corazonado'' (English: ``Presentiment'') is the sixth and last single from Ricky Martin's album, Vuelve (1998).	Corazonado	Ricky Martin
performer	``Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe'' is a song written, recorded, and produced by Barry White.	Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe	Barry White
performer	``Don't Upset the Rhythm (Go Baby Go)'' is the second single from the British band Noisettes' second studio album, Wild Young Hearts (2009).	Don't Upset the Rhythm (Go Baby Go)	Noisettes
performer	``It's So Nice to Be Rich'' is a song by Swedish singer Agnetha Fältskog from the soundtrack to the 1983 Swedish movie P & B, starring Stellan Skarsgård, Allan Edwall and Lill Lindfors among others.	It's So Nice to Be Rich	Agnetha Fältskog
performer	Little Cloud is the sixth studio album by Australian band The Whitlams, released by Black Yak through Warner in 2006.	Little Cloud	The Whitlams
performer	``I'm Your Captain (Closer to Home)'' is a 1970 song written by American musician Mark Farner and recorded by Grand Funk Railroad as the closing track to their album Closer to Home.	I'm Your Captain (Closer to Home)	Grand Funk Railroad
performer	Soul Trombone is an album by American jazz trombonist Curtis Fuller featuring performances recorded in 1961 for the Impulse! label.	Soul Trombone	Curtis Fuller
performer	Dat's How It Happen to'M is the only album by Da Headbussaz, which consisted of Three 6 Mafia and Fiend.	Dat's How It Happen to'M	Three 6 Mafia
performer	``Love Shoulda Brought You Home'' is the first solo single by American R&B singer Toni Braxton.	Love Shoulda Brought You Home	Toni Braxton
performer	A Grand Night for Swinging is an album by American jazz guitarist Mundell Lowe featuring tracks recorded in 1957 for the Riverside label.	A Grand Night for Swinging	Mundell Lowe
performer	Walking Down Rainhill is ukulele artist Jake Shimabukuro's third U.S. solo album.	Walking Down Rainhill	Jake Shimabukuro
performer	When Heaven Comes to Town is the fourth album by composer C.W. Vrtacek, released in 1988 through RēR Megacorp.	When Heaven Comes to Town	C.W. Vrtacek
performer	Leslie '89 is a cantopop album by Leslie Cheung released in 1989 by Cinepoly Records of Hong Kong.	Leslie '89	Leslie Cheung
performer	``White and Black Blues'' was the French entry in the Eurovision Song Contest 1990, performed in French (with some words in English) by Joëlle Ursull, from her album Black French.	White and Black Blues	Joëlle Ursull
performer	In Blood We Trust is a studio album by the band Hypnos released in 2000.	In Blood We Trust	Hypnos
performer	Just Feels Good is the second album by American country music duo Thompson Square.	Just Feels Good	Thompson Square
performer	Praise & Blame is the 39th studio album by Welsh musician Tom Jones, released 26 July 2010.	Praise & Blame	Tom Jones
performer	``White Walls'' is a song by an American hip hop duo Macklemore & Ryan Lewis, taken from their collaborative debut studio album The Heist (2012).	White Walls	Macklemore	Ryan Lewis
performer	``Don't Let This Moment End'' is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as the second single in the United States, the third in the United Kingdom, and her fourth globally, from her eighth album gloria!.	Don't Let This Moment End	Gloria Estefan
performer	Sea Sew is the Mercury and Choice Music Prize-nominated solo debut album released by Lisa Hannigan.	Sea Sew	Lisa Hannigan
performer	The Dream Walker is the fifth studio album by alternative rock band Angels & Airwaves, released on December 9, 2014, through To the Stars Records.	The Dream Walker	Angels & Airwaves
performer	Go This Way is the second full-length album by punk rock band Bomb Factory.	Go This Way	Bomb Factory
performer	Anyone Can Fly is the title of the fourth solo album by Denny Laine.	Anyone Can Fly	Denny Laine
performer	The Infinite Order is the seventh studio album from Christian metal band Living Sacrifice released January 26, 2010.	The Infinite Order	Living Sacrifice
performer	Now, Diabolical is the sixth studio album by Norwegian black metal band Satyricon.	Now, Diabolical	Satyricon
performer	``Would You...?'' is a song by British electronic/jazz band Touch and Go.	Would You...?	Touch and Go
performer	``Wakamono no Subete'' is Fujifabric's 10th single.	Wakamono no Subete	Fujifabric
performer	Facetious Folly Feat is the second full-length album by Shook Ones, released on 30 October 2006 by Revelation Records.	Facetious Folly Feat	Shook Ones
performer	``Love Chaser'' is the 1986 single released by the Swedish Hard rock band Europe.	Love Chaser	Europe
performer	Integrity, Technology & Service is the second studio album released by the garage rock band Gas Huffer.	Integrity, Technology & Service	Gas Huffer
performer	Paperimiehen Tytär is the fifth studio album by Finnish singer Hanna Pakarinen, due for release in Finland by RCA on October 20, 2010.	Paperimiehen Tytär	Hanna Pakarinen
performer	60 Watt Silver Lining is the second solo album by American Music Club singer/songwriter Mark Eitzel.	60 Watt Silver Lining	Mark Eitzel
performer	Memory/Vision is an album by British saxophonist and improvisor Evan Parker's Electro-Acoustic Ensemble recorded in 2002 and released on the ECM label.	Memory/Vision	Evan Parker
performer	Nie do Poznania is the album of Polish punk rock band Abaddon.	Nie do Poznania	Abaddon
performer	``Pull Shapes'' is a single from The Pipettes and was released on 3 July 2006.	Pull Shapes	The Pipettes
performer	Machine Fucking Head Live is the second live album from the American heavy metal band Machine Head.	Machine Fucking Head Live	Machine Head
performer	``It's Gonna Be'' is the third single by American singer Norah Jones from her fourth album, The Fall.	It's Gonna Be	Norah Jones
performer	Punk in Drublic is the fifth studio album by the American punk rock band NOFX.	Punk in Drublic	NOFX
performer	Wenn alles richtig ist, dann stimmt was nich is the tenth studio album of German pop singer Nena.	Wenn alles richtig ist, dann stimmt was nich	Nena
performer	``The Wall Street Shuffle'' is a single by the British pop/rock band 10cc released in 1974.	The Wall Street Shuffle	10cc
performer	``Doctor My Eyes'' is a 1972 song written and performed by Jackson Browne and included on his debut album Jackson Browne.	Doctor My Eyes	Jackson Browne
performer	``Shawty Get Loose'' is the third single from hip hop artist Lil Mama's debut album, VYP:	Shawty Get Loose	Lil Mama
performer	Smack Smash is the fourth album from German band, Beatsteaks.	Smack Smash	Beatsteaks
performer	``Episode.0'' is the thirty-ninth single released by Japanese solo artist Gackt.	Episode.0	Gackt
performer	Out and About is an album by Cherish the Ladies that was released in 1993 on the Green Linnet label.	Out and About	Cherish the Ladies
performer	``Playing with the Boys'' is a song by American singer-songwriter Kenny Loggins for the film Top Gun, featured in the volleyball scene toward the middle of the film prior to Maverick's (Tom Cruise) dinner date with Charlie (Kelly McGillis).	Playing with the Boys	Kenny Loggins
performer	``Every Rose Has Its Thorn'' is the title of a power ballad song by American glam metal band Poison.	Every Rose Has Its Thorn	Poison
performer	Dictée/Liber Novus is an album by John Zorn which features two compositions:	Dictée/Liber Novus	John Zorn
performer	Billie-Eve is the third studio album by Nigerian-German singer--songwriter Ayọ.	Billie-Eve	Ayọ
performer	``When Love Comes to Town'' is the 12th song on U2's 1988 album, Rattle and Hum, where it was recorded at the historic Sun Studio in Memphis as a duet between U2 and B.B. King.	When Love Comes to Town	U2
performer	Journal for Plague Lovers is the ninth studio album by Welsh alternative rock band Manic Street Preachers, released in May 2009 by record label Columbia.	Journal for Plague Lovers	Manic Street Preachers
performer	``Four Little Diamonds'' is a song by the British rock music group Electric Light Orchestra (ELO) from their 1983 album Secret Messages.	Four Little Diamonds	Electric Light Orchestra
performer	Songs of Sinatra is a 2005 studio album by Steve Tyrell that has him singing his renditions of Frank Sinatra.	Songs of Sinatra	Steve Tyrell
performer	``Don't Believe Anymore'' is a single by Australian rock synthpop band, Icehouse.	Don't Believe Anymore	Icehouse
performer	Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon is a Devendra Banhart album released September 25, 2007.	Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon	Devendra Banhart
performer	``Damn (Should've Treated U Right)'' is the title of a pop/R&B single by So Plush featuring Ja Rule.	Damn (Should've Treated U Right)	So Plush	Ja Rule
performer	Genesis Underground is the 2009 debut album of indie band Eye Alaska, released on July 7, 2009.	Genesis Underground	Eye Alaska
performer	Bloudruk, the second studio album by Johannes Kerkorrel, was released in 1992.	Bloudruk	Johannes Kerkorrel
performer	2:00 AM Paradise Cafe is the fourteenth album by singer-songwriter Barry Manilow.	2:00 AM Paradise Cafe	Barry Manilow
performer	``We're All No One'' is a song by Australian twin sisters Nervo featuring Dutch DJ and producer Afrojack and American DJ and producer Steve Aoki.	We're All No One	Nervo	Afrojack	Steve Aoki
performer	Spirit Bound Flesh (2001) is the first solo CD by Scott Kelly from Neurosis, consisting mostly of acoustic country/folk music influenced by Johnny Cash.	Spirit Bound Flesh	Scott Kelly
performer	Howe Sounds/Taking Abalonia is a re-release of Said the Whale's debut album Taking Abalonia along with seven new songs.	Howe Sounds/Taking Abalonia	Said the Whale
performer	``Around and Around'' is a 1958 rock song written and first recorded by Chuck Berry.	Around and Around	Chuck Berry
performer	``Shot by Both Sides'' is a song written by Howard Devoto and Pete Shelley, and performed by the English post-punk band Magazine.	Shot by Both Sides	Magazine
performer	``Rule the World'' is a song by English pop band Take That.	Rule the World	Take That
performer	Hunting My Dress is a 2009 album by Jesca Hoop, with most of the material written and recorded after the artist moved to Manchester, England.	Hunting My Dress	Jesca Hoop
performer	``Doggone Right'' is a 1969 single recorded by The Miracles (aka Smokey Robinson & The Miracles) for the Tamla label.	Doggone Right	The Miracles	Smokey Robinson
performer	The New Scene is a 1966 studio album by Sarah Vaughan, arranged by Luchi de Jesus.	The New Scene	Sarah Vaughan
performer	Michael Caine played Harry Palmer in three films based on the four published novels featuring this character, and also later in two films not based on Deighton's novels.	Harry Palmer	Michael Caine
performer	``Nann Nigga'' (also known as ``Nann'', which is the title of the song's edited version) is the first single from Trick Daddy's second album, www.thug.com, released in 1998.	Nann Nigga	Trick Daddy
performer	The Rabbi Is Dead is a garage-punk, Jewish, punk rock album by bipolar outsider musician, Steve Lieberman, released right before his diagnosis of bone marrow cancer.	The Rabbi Is Dead	Steve Lieberman
performer	``Summer Calling'' is the first effort released by Andain, also defining their debut to the trance scene.	Summer Calling	Andain
performer	``I've Got a Tiger By the Tail'' is a song made famous by country music band Buck Owens and the Buckaroos.	I've Got a Tiger By the Tail	Buck Owens
performer	Songs I Heard (2001) is an album by Harry Connick, Jr, with his take on songs from movies he remembers watching as a child.	Songs I Heard	Harry Connick
performer	Sworn Allegiance is the seventh studio album by the Swedish death metal band, Unleashed.	Sworn Allegiance	Unleashed
performer	Spirits Colliding is a 1995 album by Irish singer/songwriter Paul Brady, his seventh solo album.	Spirits Colliding	Paul Brady
performer	La Luz del Ritmo (``The Light of Rhythm'') is the fifteenth album by Argentine ska band Los Fabulosos Cadillacs.	La Luz del Ritmo	Los Fabulosos Cadillacs
performer	Jagged Thoughts is the third album by Oakland punk band American Steel.	Jagged Thoughts	American Steel
performer	``Kylie Said to Jason'' was a 1989 single by The KLF, ``Kylie'' being Kylie Minogue and ``Jason'' being Jason Donovan, then stars in the popular Australian TV soap opera Neighbours.	Kylie Said to Jason	The KLF
performer	Rengeteg is the fifth studio album by Hungarian Avant-garde metal band Thy Catafalque, to be released on 11 November 2011 in Europe and 10 January 2012 in North America.	Rengeteg	Thy Catafalque
performer	``Love's Got a Hold on You'' is a song written by Carson Chamberlain, Jackson's road manager, and Keith Stegall, his producer, and performed by American country music artist Alan Jackson.	Love's Got a Hold on You	Alan Jackson
performer	From Nothing to One, released in 2002, is the debut album by Swedish indie rock band The Perishers.	From Nothing to One	The Perishers
performer	``Someone Should Tell You'' was the second single taken from British R&B singer Lemar's third album The Truth About Love.	Someone Should Tell You	Lemar
performer	Belle Affaire is the sixth studio album by the acid jazz group Tab Two.	Belle Affaire	Tab Two
performer	``Ooo La La La'' is a single by American R&B singer Teena Marie, which was released in 1988 and is featured on her album Naked to the World, released during the same year.	Ooo La La La	Teena Marie
performer	Lokikirja is a compilation album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.	Lokikirja	Nightwish
performer	``La Última Hora'' is a song and single by Gibraltarian Flamenco Metal band Breed 77.	La Última Hora	Breed 77
performer	Between the Devil and Middle C is a 2006 album by Mark Mallman	Between the Devil and Middle C	Mark Mallman
performer	``They're Here'' is a single from British band EMF from their second album Stigma.	They're Here	EMF
performer	Slow Motion Apocalypse is the second full-length album by the Experimental band Grotus.	Slow Motion Apocalypse	Grotus
performer	Adorata is The Gutter Twins' eight-song EP, released initially as an iTunes exclusive on September 2, 2008.	Adorata	The Gutter Twins
performer	Eyes & Nines is the third studio album by American hardcore punk band Trash Talk.	Eyes & Nines	Trash Talk
performer	``What in the World'' is a song by David Bowie released on his 1977 album Low, later making appearances as repertoire in the 1978 world tour as well as other major tours.	What in the World	David Bowie
performer	``Mama Sang a Song'' is a country music song written and recorded by Bill Anderson.	Mama Sang a Song	Bill Anderson
performer	``Sæglópur'' (Icelandic for ``lost at sea'' or ``lost seafarer'') is a song by Sigur Rós, released in 2006 as a single from the 2005 album Takk....	Sæglópur	Sigur Rós
performer	A Complete Demonstration is a compilation of early demo tracks by the band VAST.	A Complete Demonstration	VAST
performer	Angels Fall First is the debut studio album by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.	Angels Fall First	Nightwish
performer	``Crushed by the Wheels of Industry'' is the last single of 1983 from synthpop trio Heaven 17 which appeared on the album The Luxury Gap.	Crushed by the Wheels of Industry	Heaven 17
performer	Beautiful Sharks is the second album by Australian band Something for Kate, released in 1999.	Beautiful Sharks	Something for Kate
performer	Terra Deflorata was an album by Czesław Niemen released in 1989 and re-released in 1991 on CD as Extended Version.	Terra Deflorata	Czesław Niemen
performer	Emotional Rescue is the 15th British and 17th American studio album by The Rolling Stones, released in 1980.	Emotional Rescue	The Rolling Stones
performer	Weeping Nights is the third album by neoclassical band Elend.	Weeping Nights	Elend
performer	Miss Mujerzuela is the third album of the Venezuelan Latin Rock group Caramelos de Cianuro.	Miss Mujerzuela	Caramelos de Cianuro
performer	Buck the Odds is the ninth album of Finnish hard rock band Peer Günt released in 2009	Buck the Odds	Peer Günt
performer	``Little Egypt (Ying-Yang)'' is a song written by Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller and was recorded by The Coasters for their 1962 album, Coast Along with the Coasters.	Little Egypt (Ying-Yang)	The Coasters
performer	``Radio Nowhere'' is the first single released from Bruce Springsteen's 2007 studio album Magic.	Radio Nowhere	Bruce Springsteen
performer	``Wear My Ring Around Your Neck'' is a song written by Bert Carroll and Russell Moody, performed by Elvis Presley, which was released in 1958.	Wear My Ring Around Your Neck	Elvis Presley
performer	The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion is the fourth studio album by American alternative rock band Dredg, released on June 9, 2009, on Ohlone Recordings.	The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion	Dredg
performer	Hopes and Fears is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Keane.	Hopes and Fears	Keane
performer	And We Are Bled of Color was the second full length album from the band Stutterfly.	And We Are Bled of Color	Stutterfly
performer	Clash of the Elements Is the third studio album of Swedish metal band The Poodles, released 20 May 2009.	Clash of the Elements	The Poodles
performer	``Higher Love'' is a 1986 song by English singer Steve Winwood.	Higher Love	Steve Winwood
performer	``Put Your Hearts Up'' is the debut single by American singer Ariana Grande.	Put Your Hearts Up	Ariana Grande
performer	I Never Said Goodbye is a Sammy Hagar solo album, his only solo album released while he was a member of Van Halen.	I Never Said Goodbye	Sammy Hagar
performer	The First Seven Inches is the first EP released by punk band Sloppy Seconds.	The First Seven Inches	Sloppy Seconds
performer	26 Years is the ninth studio album by punk rock band The Lurkers.	26 Years	The Lurkers
performer	``Somebody to Die For'' is the third single by British duo Hurts from their second studio album ``Exile'', released on 21 July 2013.	Somebody to Die For	Hurts
performer	Crash Test 02 is the second and final album by Italian band Bloom 06.	Crash Test 02	Bloom 06
performer	The Immunity Zone is the fourth full-length album by progressive metal band Andromeda.	The Immunity Zone	Andromeda
performer	Sounding the Seventh Trumpet is the debut studio album by American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold, released on January 31, 2001 by Good Life Recordings, and re-released by Hopeless Records on March 19, 2002, featuring slightly different cover art. The album was recorded in November 2000 at Westbeach Recorders in California.	Sounding the Seventh Trumpet	Avenged Sevenfold
performer	Chairmen of the Bored is the second album by crunk rap group Lord T & Eloise, released in 2008 by Young Avenue Records.	Chairmen of the Bored	Lord T & Eloise
performer	Sound Suggestions is an album by the American jazz saxophonist George Adams recorded in 1979 and released on the ECM label.	Sound Suggestions	George Adams
performer	Silver Seed is a CD released by the folk-rock band ThaMuseMeant in 2004.	Silver Seed	ThaMuseMeant
performer	Yeah Ghost is the fourth studio album by Zero 7, released in September 2009.	Yeah Ghost	Zero 7
performer	Electronic Earth is the debut studio album by English recording arist Labrinth released April 2012, via Syco Music.	Electronic Earth	Labrinth
performer	``Do I Have to Say the Words?'' is a song written by Canadian artist Bryan Adams, Robert Lange and Jim Vallance for Adams sixth studio album Waking Up the Neighbours (1991).	Do I Have to Say the Words?	Bryan Adams
performer	This Bliss is the second album by the German minimal techno artist Pantha du Prince.	This Bliss	Pantha du Prince
performer	Mode for Joe is the fifth studio album by American jazz saxophonist Joe Henderson, recorded and released in 1966.	Mode for Joe	Joe Henderson
performer	Hearts and Bones is the sixth solo studio album by Paul Simon.	Hearts and Bones	Paul Simon
performer	Previously Unreleased is a 1982 album by the English guitarist Larry Wallis, released under the name Pink Fairies.	Previously Unreleased	Pink Fairies
performer	Argises (You Were Late) is the last album released by popular Greek singer, Irini Merkouri.	Argises	Irini Merkouri
performer	This Conversation Is Ending Starting Right Now is the third full length album by indie rock / emo band Knapsack.	This Conversation Is Ending Starting Right Now	Knapsack
performer	Tic&Tac is the eight album of the Jazz fusion band Area and was released in 1980.	Tic&Tac	Area
performer	Jag är ett bedårande barn av min tid or Han är ett bedårande barn av sin tid is a song with lyrics by Karl Gerhard and music by Jules Sylvain.	Jag är ett bedårande barn av min tid	Karl Gerhard
performer	The Carnage Ending is a tenth studio album by Dutch death metal band Sinister.	The Carnage Ending	Sinister
performer	``Tu trouveras'' (English translation: ``You Will Find'') is the name of a 2002 song recorded by the Canadian singer Natasha St-Pier, composed by Pascal Obispo and written by Lionel Florence.	Tu trouveras	Natasha St-Pier
performer	Live 04 is a live album released by German electronica group Mouse on Mars.	Live 04	Mouse on Mars
performer	Deus Deceptor is the first full-length album by the Swedish Death metal band NonExist.	Deus Deceptor	NonExist
performer	``Sweet like Chocolate'' is a song by British garage music duo Shanks & Bigfoot with vocalist Sharon Woolf.	Sweet like Chocolate	Shanks & Bigfoot
performer	Cello Moods is an album recorded by the British cellist Julian Lloyd Webber and, principally, the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in 1998 for Philips.	Cello Moods	Julian Lloyd Webber
performer	Goldfly is an album by the rock band Guster, released in 1997.	Goldfly	Guster
performer	``I Am Not My Hair'' is a song by American soul and R&B singer--songwriter India.Arie from her third studio album, Testimony:	I Am Not My Hair	India.Arie
performer	Forever Malcolm Young is the title of the 2006 album by the Australian punk band Frenzal Rhomb.	Forever Malcolm Young	Frenzal Rhomb
performer	Night Falls Over Kortedala is the second full-length release by Swedish indie pop singer Jens Lekman.	Night Falls Over Kortedala	Jens Lekman
performer	Wait for Night is an album by Australian singer-songwriter Rick Springfield.	Wait for Night	Rick Springfield
performer	``The Dark of the Matinée'' (also known simply as ``Matinée'') is a song by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand.	The Dark of the Matinée	Franz Ferdinand
performer	Killing Katie is the second album by the punk band Link 80.	Killing Katie	Link 80
performer	``Sorti de L'enfer'' is a song by the Danish dance-pop duo Infernal (at the time a trio).	Sorti de L'enfer	Infernal
performer	``Lying from You'' is a song by American rock band Linkin Park, released on March 16, 2004.	Lying from You	Linkin Park
performer	Roll 'Em Bags is an album by American jazz vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1949 and 1956 and released on the Savoy label.	Roll 'Em Bags	Milt Jackson
performer	``Kiss Away the Pain'' is a song by American R&B singer Patti LaBelle that features saxophonist George Howard.	Kiss Away the Pain	Patti LaBelle	George Howard
performer	Ya Bent El-Eih is Tamer Hosny's third full length studio album, released in March 2007.	Ya Bent El-Eih	Tamer Hosny
performer	Tropic of Scorpio is the debut studio album of American post-hardcore/indie rock band Girls Against Boys, released on December 2, 1992 by Adult Swim Records.	Tropic of Scorpio	Girls Against Boys
performer	This Little Bird is the fourth studio album by Allison Crowe to be released on her independent label, Rubenesque Records Ltd. Overall, it's the fifth album release from the Canadian singer-songwriter -- following Crowe's double-CD Live at Wood Hall album of 2005 (see 2005 in music).	This Little Bird	Allison Crowe
performer	New Forms is the debut album by the drum and bass act Roni Size / Reprazent and was released in 1997.	New Forms	Roni Size
performer	Apocalypshit is a 1999 album by the Mexican band Molotov produced by Mario Caldato, Jr..	Apocalypshit	Molotov
performer	Lovework, is the critically acclaimed debut Hiphop album by Gabriel Teodros, released February 27, 2007 on MassLine Media.	Lovework	Gabriel Teodros
performer	You Can't Fight Fashion is the final major-label album by the rock band Michael Stanley Band.	You Can't Fight Fashion	Michael Stanley
performer	``You Never Even Called Me by My Name'' is a song written by Steve Goodman and John Prine, and recorded by country music singer David Allan Coe.	You Never Even Called Me by My Name	David Allan Coe
performer	Independent's Day is the third studio album by Detroit rapper Royce da 5'9``, released on June 28, 2005 through M.I.C Records.	Independent's Day	Royce da 5'9
performer	``At the Sound of the Tone'' is a song written by Dave Richardson and Max T. Barnes, and recorded by American country music artist and actor John Schneider.	At the Sound of the Tone	John Schneider
performer	Love That Music is the 2009 debut album by the South African recording artist Timothy Moloi.	Love That Music	Timothy Moloi
performer	The Global Warming Tour was a concert tour by American hard rock band Aerosmith that so far has included 67 concert performances across North America, Oceania, Asia and Latin America.	Global Warming Tour	Aerosmith
performer	In the 2002 film Queen of the Damned, Khayman is portrayed by Bruce Spence.	Khayman	Bruce Spence
performer	T.I.M.E. (The Inner Mind's Eye) is the second and final studio album from Long Island hip hop group Leaders of the New School.	T.I.M.E. (The Inner Mind's Eye)	Leaders of the New School
performer	Water and Lights is the fifth album by the jazz pianist Paul Hanmer.	Water and Lights	Paul Hanmer
performer	Blues on the Bayou is the thirty sixth studio album by B. B. King, released in 1998.	Blues on the Bayou	B. B. King
performer	``Dansa pausa'' is single by Swedish multi-ethnic group Panetoz.	Dansa pausa	Panetoz
performer	Tony Sings the Great Hits of Today! is a 1970 album by American classic pop and jazz singer Tony Bennett.	Tony Sings the Great Hits of Today!	Tony Bennett
performer	``It Ain't Hard to Tell'' is the second single and last track from the debut album Illmatic by the rapper Nas.	It Ain't Hard to Tell	Nas
performer	Hollywood Hero, released as Western Culture in the UK, is an album by punk band Sham 69.	Hollywood Hero	Sham 69
performer	The Age of Octeen is the second studio album by American emo band Braid, released September 7, 1996 on Mud Records.	The Age of Octeen	Braid
performer	Bumper to Bumper is the second studio album from San Francisco, California, USA, alternative rock band Stroke 9.	Bumper to Bumper	Stroke 9
performer	Forever Tel Aviv (US version) is a double CD mixed album from popular Israeli DJ and producer Offer Nissim.	Forever Tel Aviv	Offer Nissim
performer	``Cameo Lover'' is a song by New Zealand singer-songwriter and guitarist Kimbra from her debut studio album, Vows.	Cameo Lover	Kimbra
performer	Still Small is the second full-length album recorded by the Colorado-based power pop band Yellow Second, released November 2, 2002 by Urban Achiever Records.	Still Small	Yellow Second
performer	Reinkaos (stylised as REINKAΩS) is the third and final studio album by Swedish black/melodic death metal band Dissection.	Reinkaos	Dissection
performer	The Age of Quarrel is the first album from the New York hardcore band Cro-Mags.	The Age of Quarrel	Cro-Mags
performer	Firebird V11 is a studio album by Phil Manzanera, guitarist of rock band Roxy Music.	Firebird V11	Phil Manzanera
performer	``Ever Blazin''' was released as the second international single from Sean Paul's third studio album The Trinity.	Ever Blazin'	Sean Paul
performer	Vem vet is a song written and recorded by Lisa Ekdahl, who also wrote lyrics and music.	Vem vet	Lisa Ekdahl
performer	St. Marxmen is a mixtape by M.O.P..	St. Marxmen	M.O.P.
performer	Live in Ottawa is a posthumous live album by The Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on October 23, 2001 by Dagger Records.	Live in Ottawa	Jimi Hendrix
performer	My Winter Storm is the second solo album by Finnish singer Tarja Turunen, and the first to consist mainly of new and original songs specifically written by or for Turunen.	My Winter Storm	Tarja Turunen
performer	``It Ain't My Fault'' is the second single released from rapper Silkk the Shocker's second album, Charge It 2 da Game.	It Ain't My Fault	Silkk the Shocker
performer	As the Angels Reach the Beauty is the second studio album by the Melodic Black Metal band Graveworm, released on 26 September 1999 through Serenades Records.	As the Angels Reach the Beauty	Graveworm
performer	``Softly to Fallen'' is the title of a song and included as the A-side of a 7`` single by the British band Palm Springs.	Softly to Fallen	Palm Springs
performer	``Don't Wanna Live Inside Myself'' is a ballad written and sung by Barry Gibb, and released on the Bee Gees' album Trafalgar in 1971, and the second single released on the album.	Don't Wanna Live Inside Myself	Bee Gees
performer	Breaking Point - B-sides 2011-2015 is a compilation album by the Swedish metal band Amaranthe, released on October 30th, 2015.	Breaking Point - B-sides 2011-2015	Amaranthe
performer	``Meet on the Ledge'' was a song released in 1968 by the English folk rock and electric folk band Fairport Convention.	Meet on the Ledge	Fairport Convention
performer	``You Said No'' (also known by its original title, ``Crash and Burn'') is a song by English pop punk band Busted.	You Said No	Busted
performer	Cuidaré de Ti (English: I'll Take Care of You) is the fifth studio album of the Colombian christian singer, Alex Campos, released on July 29, 2008 by CanZion Group LP.	Cuidaré de Ti	Alex Campos
performer	No Good for No One Now is the second studio album by Owen released on November 19, 2002.	No Good for No One Now	Owen
performer	Dark Matter Dimensions is the fourth full-length studio album by Swedish metal band Scar Symmetry.	Dark Matter Dimensions	Scar Symmetry
performer	Like Red on a Rose is the fourteenth studio album by American country music artist Alan Jackson.	Like Red on a Rose	Alan Jackson
performer	``Rage to Love'' is the third and final single from Teases & Dares, the fourth studio album by Kim Wilde.	Rage to Love	Kim Wilde
performer	``Somebody Put Something in My Drink'' is a song by the Ramones from their 1986 album Animal Boy.	Somebody Put Something in My Drink	Ramones
performer	Lights of Endangered Species is the fifth studio album by Matthew Good, released on May 31, 2011.	Lights of Endangered Species	Matthew Good
performer	Dual Committee is an album by 3X Krazy members Keak da Sneak and Agerman under the name Dual Committee.	Dual Committee	3X Krazy
performer	Gladys' Leap is a folk rock album by Fairport Convention originally released in August 1985.	Gladys' Leap	Fairport Convention
performer	Coconuts, Plenty of Junk Food is an EP by CocoRosie, released on June 3, 2009.	Coconuts, Plenty of Junk Food	CocoRosie
performer	Trees Outside the Academy is an alternative rock album by American musician Thurston Moore of Sonic Youth.	Trees Outside the Academy	Thurston Moore
performer	Cat Scratch Fever (1977) is the third studio album by American guitarist and singer-songwriter Ted Nugent and his band, as well as the name of the album's title song.	Cat Scratch Fever	Ted Nugent
performer	``Foe tha Love of $'' is the second single by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, featuring Eazy-E, from their debut album, Creepin on ah Come Up.	Foe tha Love of $	Bone Thugs-n-Harmony	Eazy-E
performer	Bible of Dreams is the fourth album released by the multi-genre encompassing trance group Juno Reactor.	Bible of Dreams	Juno Reactor
performer	Omega Wave is the title of Forbidden's fifth studio album, released on 22 October 2010.	Omega Wave	Forbidden
performer	Ulual Yyy is the third full-length album by Finnish folk musician Islaja, released on Fonal in 2007.	Ulual Yyy	Islaja
performer	``Ready?'' is Tomoko Kawase's third single as Tommy heavenly6.	Ready?	Tommy heavenly6
performer	Time the Conqueror is the 13th studio album by rock musician Jackson Browne.	Time the Conqueror	Jackson Browne
performer	Disco Extravaganza is the first studio album by the Swedish pop group Army of Lovers, released in 1990.	Disco Extravaganza	Army of Lovers
performer	``Only God Knows Why'' is a country rock ballad recorded by Kid Rock in 1998 on his album Devil Without a Cause.	Only God Knows Why	Kid Rock
performer	``The Fact Is (I Need You)'' is a song by American R&B/soul singer/actress Jill Scott.	The Fact Is (I Need You)	Jill Scott
performer	Busy Body is the third studio album by American R&B singer-songwriter Luther Vandross, released in 1983 (see 1983 in music).	Busy Body	Luther Vandross
performer	The World Can Wait is the first full length album by rock music group 67 Special, and third release overall after their two earlier EP releases.	The World Can Wait	67 Special
performer	Second Grade Awakening is a 2004 album by folk singer John Craigie.	Second Grade Awakening	John Craigie
performer	Fresh Donuts is the first album/promo sampler by the Giant Panda.	Fresh Donuts	Giant Panda
performer	White Faced Lady is an album by UK band Kaleidoscope (who by this time were calling themselves Fairfield Parlour).	White Faced Lady	Kaleidoscope
performer	Arwut Lab (Secret Weapons) is the second studio album of Christina Aguilar - a very popular Thai artist.	Arwut Lab (Secret Weapons)	Christina Aguilar
performer	This Note's for You is the seventeenth studio album by Canadian musician Neil Young, released on April 11, 1988 on Reprise.	This Note's for You	Neil Young
performer	``Not a Bad Thing'' is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Justin Timberlake for his fourth studio album, The 20/20 Experience -- 2 of 2 (2013).	Not a Bad Thing	Justin Timberlake
performer	Dream This is the debut album from Joe 90, released on Adam Duritz of Counting Crows's label E Pluribus Unum through Geffen.	Dream This	Joe 90
performer	They Said a Storm Was Coming is the second studio album by American post-hardcore band Jamie's Elsewhere, released on February 16, 2010.	They Said a Storm Was Coming	Jamie's Elsewhere
performer	The Video Show (aka The Cinema Show: A Video anthology) is a DVD by British band Genesis containing music videos produced between 1976 and 1999.	The Video Show	Genesis
performer	Comin' Thru is the seventh album by American psychedelic rock band Quicksilver Messenger Service.	Comin' Thru	Quicksilver Messenger Service
performer	Goin' Through Changes is the second and thus far final album by Zumpano.	Goin' Through Changes	Zumpano
performer	Matters of the Dark is the sixth studio album, their third with singer Urban breed, by the Swedish heavy metal band Tad Morose.	Matters of the Dark	Tad Morose
performer	ExtendedancEPlay is a studio 12`` EP by British rock band Dire Straits, released on 10 January 1983 by Vertigo Records internationally, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States.	ExtendedancEPlay	Dire Straits
performer	``Show Me Your Soul'' is a song by the funk rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers that was recorded in 1990 and produced by John Norwood Fisher of Fishbone.	Show Me Your Soul	Red Hot Chili Peppers
performer	Elegiac Cycle is a 1999 piano solo album by Brad Mehldau.	Elegiac Cycle	Brad Mehldau
performer	Blues for Easy Livers is an album by blues vocalist Jimmy Witherspoon which was recorded in 1965 and released on the Prestige label.	Blues for Easy Livers	Jimmy Witherspoon
performer	``Hurt Lovers'' is a song recorded by English boy band Blue for their fourth studio album, Roulette (2013).	Hurt Lovers	Blue
performer	``Clock Strikes'' is a hip hop song by hip-hop duo Timbaland & Magoo, released as the third single from their debut studio album, Welcome to Our World, on April 14, 1998.	Clock Strikes	Timbaland & Magoo
performer	Wasting the Dawn is the fourth studio album by The 69 Eyes, released in 1999, produced by Gaga Goodies / Poko Rekords.	Wasting the Dawn	The 69 Eyes
performer	Kozmic Blues is a song from Janis Joplin's I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama! album, her first after departing the Big Brother and the Holding Company.	Kozmic Blues	Janis Joplin
performer	In Love with Detail is the debut album by Delorentos released on 21 April 2007.	In Love with Detail	Delorentos
performer	``Hello Mary Lou'' is a song written by U.S. singer Gene Pitney and Cayet Mangiaracina, first recorded by Johnny Duncan in 1960, and later by Ricky Nelson in 1961.	Hello Mary Lou	Ricky Nelson
performer	Sve što vidim je prvi put (Everything I See Is For The First Time) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Repetitor released by the Odličan Hrčak independent record label in 2008.	Sve što vidim je prvi put	Repetitor
performer	At Crooked Lake is a 1972 album released by the group Crazy Horse.	At Crooked Lake	Crazy Horse
performer	The Warrior's Code is the fifth studio album by the Irish-American Celtic punk band, the Dropkick Murphys.	The Warrior's Code	Dropkick Murphys
performer	Disco Boy is a single composed by musician Frank Zappa from his 1976 album Zoot Allures.	Disco Boy	Frank Zappa
performer	Big Dogz is the twenty-second album by the Scottish rock band Nazareth, released in April 2011.	Big Dogz	Nazareth
performer	One Inch Masters is the third full-length album by the garage rock band Gas Huffer.	One Inch Masters	Gas Huffer
performer	El derecho de vivir en paz (The right to live in peace) is an album by Víctor Jara released in 1971.	El derecho de vivir en paz	Víctor Jara
performer	``Achilles Last Stand'' is a song by the English rock group Led Zeppelin, featured as the opening track on their 1976 album Presence.	Achilles Last Stand	Led Zeppelin
performer	``Little Bones'' is the first single by The Tragically Hip from the band's second studio album, Road Apples.	Little Bones	The Tragically Hip
performer	``Being Boiled'' is a song by the British synthpop band The Human League.	Being Boiled	The Human League
performer	Projects in the Jungle is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Pantera, released on July 27, 1984 by Metal Magic Records.	Projects in the Jungle	Pantera
performer	Funambola is an album of the Italian singer Patrizia Laquidara, released in 2007 by Ponderosa Music&Art.	Funambola	Patrizia Laquidara
performer	``Like a Rose'' is a song by British-Norwegian boy band A1, released as the fourth single from their debut album, Here We Come.	Like a Rose	A1
performer	``Last Caress/Green Hell'' is Metallica's 1987 cover version of the Misfits songs ``Last Caress'' and ``Green Hell'', released on Metallica's The $5.98 E.P.:	Last Caress/Green Hell	Metallica
performer	Spell Eater is the debut album by Highland Park, California heavy metal band Huntress.	Spell Eater	Huntress
performer	Våre demoner (English: Our Demons) is the fifth studio album by Norwegian alternative rock group Kaizers Orchestra.	Våre demoner	Kaizers Orchestra
performer	``Qualcosa che non c'è'' is the fourth single from the Greatest Hits by the Italian singer Elisa, Soundtrack '96-'06.	Qualcosa che non c'è	Elisa
performer	Things Are Swingin' is a 1959 album (see 1959 in music) by Peggy Lee, arranged and conducted by Jack Marshall.	Things Are Swingin'	Peggy Lee
performer	``La differenza tra me e te'' is a pop song written by Italian pop singer Tiziano Ferro.	La differenza tra me e te	Tiziano Ferro
performer	``Green Tambourine'' is a song about busking, written and composed by Paul Leka (who also produced it) and Shelly Pinz, that was the primary hit by the 1960s Ohio-based rock group The Lemon Pipers, as well as the title track to their debut-album Green Tambourine.	Green Tambourine	The Lemon Pipers
performer	``In Private'' was the third single in a row to be a charting success for British singer Dusty Springfield, after nearly two decades of little chart success.	In Private	Dusty Springfield
performer	Jack Orion is the third album by Scottish folk musician Bert Jansch, released in 1966.	Jack Orion	Bert Jansch
performer	City of Fear is the fourth album by FM, a progressive rock group from Toronto, Canada, released in 1980 on Passport Records and distributed in Canada by Capitol Records, catalogue number PB-2028, and in the USA on Passport distributed by Jem Records, catalogue number PB-6004.	City of Fear	FM
performer	``Crescent City Blues'' is a song written by composer Gordon Jenkins and sung by Beverly Mahr, and released on his Seven Dreams album in 1953.	Crescent City Blues	Gordon Jenkins
performer	``Voici les clés'' is a track performed in French by Gérard Lenorman and released in Europe in 1976.	Voici les clés	Gérard Lenorman
performer	``Youth Against Fascism'' was the second single from Sonic Youth's 1992 album Dirty.	Youth Against Fascism	Sonic Youth
performer	``Prophet (Better Watch It)'' is the debut single released by British hip hop duo Rizzle Kicks, from their debut studio album, Stereo Typical.	Prophet (Better Watch It)	Rizzle Kicks
performer	Hit Kit is a greatest-hits compilation by American singer-songwriter Sam Cooke.	Hit Kit	Sam Cooke
performer	The Swingin's Mutual! is an album by the George Shearing quintet, accompanied by the vocalist Nancy Wilson.	The Swingin's Mutual!	George Shearing
performer	Deathhammer is the eighth studio album by Dutch death/doom band Asphyx.	Deathhammer	Asphyx
performer	For the Bleeders is an album by metalcore/hardcore band Vision of Disorder.	For the Bleeders	Vision of Disorder
performer	``An Angel'' is a 1994 song written and recorded by The Kelly Family.	An Angel	The Kelly Family
performer	``Don't Stand So Close to Me'' is a 1980 song and hit single by the British rock band The Police.	Don't Stand So Close to Me	The Police
performer	Feeling Fine is a 2010 single release by Scottish recording artist Alex Gardner, released in the United Kingdom and Ireland on September 27, 2010.	Feeling Fine	Alex Gardner
performer	``The End of the Dream/Rouge'' is the sixteenth single by Japanese rock band Luna Sea, released on December 12, 2012.	The End of the Dream/Rouge	Luna Sea
performer	Essence ordinaire is a studio album from French rock group Zebda, released in 1998.	Essence ordinaire	Zebda
performer	Punkgasm is the sixth studio album by Don Caballero, a Pittsburgh-based math rock band.	Punkgasm	Don Caballero
performer	``Whateva Man'' is the second single released for Redman's third album, Muddy Waters.	Whateva Man	Redman
performer	``Le Téléphone Pleure'' was a 1974 hit single by French artist Claude François.	Le Téléphone Pleure	Claude François
performer	English Settlement is the fifth studio album by the English band XTC, released on 12 February 1982.	English Settlement	XTC
performer	Do You Know the Way? is the final album by American jazz pianist Bobby Timmons recorded in 1968 and released on the Milestone label.	Do You Know the Way?	Bobby Timmons
performer	Die Nacht der Seele (subtitled ``Tantric Songs'') is the twelfth album by Popol Vuh.	Die Nacht der Seele	Popol Vuh
performer	``Candy and a Currant Bun'' was the B-side to Pink Floyd's first single, Arnold Layne.	Candy and a Currant Bun	Pink Floyd	Arnold Layne
performer	``Bring the Rain'' is a song written and performed Christian rock band MercyMe.	Bring the Rain	MercyMe
performer	No Hiding from the Blackbird is the fourth release by Current 93, and is a 7`` split record with Nurse With Wound.	No Hiding from the Blackbird	Current 93
performer	The Soul Society is the debut album by bassist and cellist Sam Jones featuring performances recorded in early 1960 and originally released on the Riverside label.	The Soul Society	Sam Jones
performer	Unglamorous is the first major label debut album from country/folk singer Lori McKenna.	Unglamorous	Lori McKenna
performer	Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action (also known simply as Right Action) is the fourth studio album by Scottish indie rock band Franz Ferdinand.	Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action	Franz Ferdinand
performer	Todo Va a Cambiar (English: Everything Is Going to Change) is the second album of the Spanish boy band and 2007 representatives of the Eurovision Song Contest D'Nash, previously known as Nash.	Todo Va a Cambiar	D'Nash
performer	We Came for the Dead!!! is Ghoul's debut album.	We Came for the Dead!!!	Ghoul
performer	``I Won't Give Up on You'' is a song by the group TKA from their 1990 second album Louder Than Love.	I Won't Give Up on You	TKA
performer	Live Magic is a live compilation album by British rock band Queen.	Live Magic	Queen
performer	100% Fun is the fifth album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet.	100% Fun	Matthew Sweet
performer	Narrgnistor och transkriptioner (English: Foolishnesses and transcriptions) is album by Cornelis Vreeswijk from 1976.	Narrgnistor och transkriptioner	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	Portrait of Carmen is a 1968 studio album by Carmen McRae, with arrangements by Oliver Nelson, Shorty Rogers, Benny Carter and Gene Di Novi.	Portrait of Carmen	Carmen McRae
performer	Raw Velvet is the second solo album by American songwriter and musician Bobby Whitlock, released in 1972.	Raw Velvet	Bobby Whitlock
performer	Busy Bee Cafe is the second solo album of country singer Marty Stuart.	Busy Bee Cafe	Marty Stuart
performer	``Pretty Flamingo'' is a song written by Mark Barkan, which became a hit in 1966 when Manfred Mann's recording of it was released as a single.	Pretty Flamingo	Manfred Mann
performer	500 dagar om året (500 days a year) is the 20th studio album by studio album by Swedish singer/songwriter Tomas Ledin, released in June 2009.	500 dagar om året	Tomas Ledin
performer	Who's Gonna Go Your Crooked Mile? is a compilation album by American singer-songwriter Peter Case, released in 2004.	Who's Gonna Go Your Crooked Mile?	Peter Case
performer	Trey Atwood is a fictional character on the FOX television series The O.C., portrayed by Bradley Stryker during season one and by Logan Marshall-Green from season two onward.	Trey Atwood	Bradley Stryker
performer	``Am I Forgiven'' is a song by British female singer-songwriter Rumer.	Am I Forgiven	Rumer
performer	Heartbeat Radio is the fifth album by Norwegian singer-songwriter and guitarist Sondre Lerche.	Heartbeat Radio	Sondre Lerche
performer	Playing God and Other Short Stories is the seventh studio album by Israeli death metal band Salem, released on April 3, 2010.	Playing God and Other Short Stories	Salem
performer	Schoolyard Ghosts is the name of the sixth studio album by British art rock band No-Man.	Schoolyard Ghosts	No-Man
performer	The Crackup Suite is a mini-album by Carbon/Silicon and their third official release, put out on March 9, 2007 (see 2007 in music).	The Crackup Suite	Carbon/Silicon
performer	The Last Tour on Earth is a live album comprising recordings from Marilyn Manson's Mechanical Animals Tour, Beautiful Monsters Tour and Rock is Dead Tour.	The Last Tour on Earth	Marilyn Manson
performer	One More Try for Love is the sixteenth studio album by country music artist Ronnie Milsap.	One More Try for Love	Ronnie Milsap
performer	``Working on the Highway'' is a 1984 song written and performed by Bruce Springsteen.	Working on the Highway	Bruce Springsteen
performer	Bez limitu (English: No Limit) is the eighth studio album by Polish group 2 Plus 1, released in 1983 by Tonpress.	Bez limitu	2 Plus 1
performer	R.E.O./T.W.O. is the second studio album released by the Illinois-based rock band REO Speedwagon, released in 1972.	R.E.O./T.W.O.	REO Speedwagon
performer	``More Bounce to the Ounce'' is a song performed by American funk band Zapp.	More Bounce to the Ounce	Zapp
performer	Pain in My Heart is the debut album of soul singer-songwriter Otis Redding.	Pain in My Heart	Otis Redding
performer	``Same Ol' Shit'', sometimes censored as ``Same Ol''', is the first single released from MC Ren's debut soloalbum, Shock of the Hour.	Same Ol' Shit	MC Ren
performer	``I Ain't No Joke'' is a song by rap duo Eric B. & Rakim, released as the second single from their debut studio album Paid in Full.	I Ain't No Joke	Eric B. & Rakim
performer	High Ceilings & Collarbones is the debut studio album by Spanish singer, songwriter and musician Juan Zelada.	High Ceilings & Collarbones	Juan Zelada
performer	Against da Grain is the debut album by southern rap duo YoungBloodZ.	Against da Grain	YoungBloodZ
performer	``Black Horse and the Cherry Tree'' (commonly written with an ampersand) is a song by Scottish singer-songwriter KT Tunstall and is featured on her debut album, Eye to the Telescope.	Black Horse and the Cherry Tree	KT Tunstall
performer	'4:AM' is the first single to come from Tim Scott's debut album Bald on the Inside released for download on 30 November 2009.	4:AM	Tim Scott
performer	(if) is the 9th album by the music group Diary of Dreams.	(if)	Diary of Dreams
performer	From the Mars Hotel is the seventh studio album by the Grateful Dead.	From the Mars Hotel	Grateful Dead
performer	Self Preserved While the Bodies Float Up is the fourth and final full-length studio album by the progressive rock band Oceansize.	Self Preserved While the Bodies Float Up	Oceansize
performer	The Electromancer is the second solo album released by Daisuke Asakura on July 21, 1995, and the first solo album released by Asakura after his departure from the popular J-pop group access.	The Electromancer	Daisuke Asakura
performer	Summer Soft is an album by American trumpeter Blue Mitchell recorded in 1977 and released on the Impulse! label in 1978.	Summer Soft	Blue Mitchell
performer	``Disco Heaven'' is s song from former Frankie Goes to Hollywood singer Holly Johnson, released as the lead single from his 1999 album Soulstream.	Disco Heaven	Holly Johnson
performer	``What Difference Does It Make?'' is a 1984 single by British band The Smiths.	What Difference Does It Make?	The Smiths
performer	Joe's Domage is an album featuring music by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on October 1, 2004.	Joe's Domage	Frank Zappa
performer	``Your Smile'' is a 1986 R&B/Soul single from American singing duo René & Angela.	Your Smile	René & Angela
performer	Omnio is the second full-length album by Norwegian avant-garde metal band In the Woods...	Omnio	In the Woods
performer	``Devuélveme a mi chica'' is a song by the Spanish pop rock band, Hombres G. It originally appeared on their debut album, Hombres G (1985).	Devuélveme a mi chica	Hombres G
performer	Chains Around My Heart was a single by American singer songwriter Richard Marx, which was the last track of his 3rd studio album Rush Street.	Chains Around My Heart	Richard Marx
performer	``Stop By'' was a single released in 1997 by American Neo soul singer Rahsaan Patterson.	Stop By	Rahsaan Patterson
performer	Look at the Fool is the ninth and last album by singer-songwriter Tim Buckley before his death in 1975.	Look at the Fool	Tim Buckley
performer	``Robin (The Hooded Man)'' is the first single released by Irish group Clannad from their 1984 album Legend.	Robin (The Hooded Man)	Clannad
performer	X-Dreams was the third album by Annette Peacock, and was released in 1978.	X-Dreams	Annette Peacock
performer	A Single Sky is the 30th album by Dave Douglas.	A Single Sky	Dave Douglas
performer	We Are The Greatest/I Was Made For Lovin' You is a double A-side single release from the German group Scooter.	We Are The Greatest/I Was Made For Lovin' You	Scooter
performer	``S.E.X.'' is the first single by Lyfe Jennings from his second album The Phoenix.	S.E.X.	Lyfe Jennings
performer	``I'm Gonna Love You Just a Little More Baby'' is a song written, produced and recorded by Barry White.	I'm Gonna Love You Just a Little More Baby	Barry White
performer	Saxophonic is the seventh studio album by saxophone player Dave Koz.	Saxophonic	Dave Koz
performer	The Stage Names is the fourth full-length studio album by American indie rock band Okkervil River, released on August 7, 2007.	The Stage Names	Okkervil River
performer	Mera Me Ti Mera (Greek: Μέρα με τη μέρα; English: Day by Day) or Opa Opa (in Scandinavia) is an album by Greek musical group Antique.	Mera Me Ti Mera	Antique
performer	The Scroll and Its Combinations is the third studio album by the American rock band Wellwater Conspiracy.	The Scroll and Its Combinations	Wellwater Conspiracy
performer	``Not Over Yet'' is a song by Grace, released as a single in 1995 peaking in the UK Singles Chart at #6 and topping the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the United States.	Not Over Yet	Grace
performer	A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar is the third studio album recorded by the band Dashboard Confessional.	A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar	Dashboard Confessional
performer	``Zehn kleine Jägermeister'' (German: Ten little hunters/Jägermeisters) is a song by German punk rock group Die Toten Hosen.	Zehn kleine Jägermeister	Die Toten Hosen
performer	``The Death of You and Me'' is a song and debut single by the English rock band Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.	The Death of You and Me	Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds
performer	Ruthless by Law is the second album by the RBL Posse.	Ruthless by Law	RBL Posse
performer	Go USA! is the fifth album of Japanese band Electric Eel Shock and was released in 2005 in the USA.	Go USA!	Electric Eel Shock
performer	The Return of the 5000 Lb. Man is an album by jazz multi-instrumentalist Rahsaan Roland Kirk.	The Return of the 5000 Lb. Man	Rahsaan Roland Kirk
performer	``All in the Way'' is a song by the band Earth, Wind & Fire featuring The Emotions which was written by Wayne Vaughn, Wanda Vaughn, Wendi Vaughn and Maurice White.	All in the Way	Earth, Wind & Fire
performer	Let's Get to It is the fourth studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Kylie Minogue, released on 14 October 1991 by PWL Records.	Let's Get to It	Kylie Minogue
performer	Live at Montreaux Jazz Festival 2001 is an album by Burning Spear recorded at the Montreux Jazz Festival.	Live at Montreaux Jazz Festival 2001	Burning Spear
performer	Eu Sou Todos Nós is the fourteenth studio album by Brazilian solo artist Zé Ramalho.	Eu Sou Todos Nós	Zé Ramalho
performer	``We'll Be Fine'' is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake featuring American rapper Birdman from his second studio album Take Care (2011).	We'll Be Fine	Drake	Birdman
performer	Norrøn (Norse) is the fifth full-length album by the Norwegian Viking metal band Einherjer and the first after the band reunited.	Norrøn	Einherjer
performer	``Just Ask Me To'' is a song by American R&B Singer Tevin Campbell.	Just Ask Me To	Tevin Campbell
performer	``Oh Baby Don't You Weep'' is a song recorded in 1964 by James Brown and The Famous Flames.	Oh Baby Don't You Weep	James Brown	The Famous Flames
performer	The No. 6 Dance is the third album by blues band Five Horse Johnson.	The No. 6 Dance	Five Horse Johnson
performer	The Human Contradiction is the fourth studio album by the Dutch symphonic metal band Delain.	The Human Contradiction	Delain
performer	Being Who You Are was released on 23 March 2005 and is an album from Swedish pop and country singer Jill Johnson.	Being Who You Are	Jill Johnson
performer	``The Dicks Hate the Police'' (usually shortened to ``Hate the Police'') is the debut release and 7`` single from the American hardcore punk band The Dicks, released in 1980.	Hate the Police	The Dicks
performer	Six Views of the Blues is an album by American jazz organist Jimmy Smith featuring performances recorded in 1958 but not released on the Blue Note label until 1999.	Six Views of the Blues	Jimmy Smith
performer	Photos of Ghosts is the first English language album by the Italian progressive rock band Premiata Forneria Marconi, also known as ``PFM''.	Photos of Ghosts	Premiata Forneria Marconi
performer	Live Dates 2 is the second live album by rock band Wishbone Ash.	Live Dates 2	Wishbone Ash
performer	Hearts on the Line is an album by the country rock group The Flying Burrito Brothers, released in 1981.	Hearts on the Line	The Flying Burrito Brothers
performer	The ``Don't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite'' is made up of the first four tracks of Frank Zappa's album Apostrophe ('): ``Don't Eat the Yellow Snow'', ``Nanook Rubs It'', ``St. Alfonzo's Pancake Breakfast'', and ``Father O'Blivion.''	Don't Eat the Yellow Snow Suite	Frank Zappa
performer	Nuestro Destino Estaba Escrito (Eng.: Our Destiny Was Written) is the title of a studio album released by norteño music band Intocable.	Nuestro Destino Estaba Escrito	Intocable
performer	Sense of Occasion is a studio album by British folk-rock veterans Fairport Convention, released in February 2007.	Sense of Occasion	Fairport Convention
performer	``Gyöngyhajú lány'' (The girl with pearly hair) is a song by Hungarian rock band Omega.	Gyöngyhajú lány	Omega
performer	Goodnight, Bull Creek! is the third studio album by Australian rock musician Kevin Mitchell, under his pseudonym Bob Evans.	Goodnight, Bull Creek!	Bob Evans
performer	Live at the Acropolis is the first live album by Yanni.	Live at the Acropolis	Yanni
performer	My Brain Says Stop, But My Heart Says Go!, is the fourth studio by Canadian pop punk band FM Static.	My Brain Says Stop, But My Heart Says Go!	FM Static
performer	``Bursting Through'' is a song by New Zealand artist Bic Runga, released as her first single in September 1996.	Bursting Through	Bic Runga
performer	Live at Sturgis is a live album by the southern rock band 38 Special, released in 1999.	Live at Sturgis	38 Special
performer	The Hard Stuff is a studio album by George Thorogood & The Destroyers.	The Hard Stuff	George Thorogood
performer	Along the Red Ledge is the seventh studio album by Hall & Oates, released in 1978.	Along the Red Ledge	Hall & Oates
performer	Soul in the Night is an album by saxophonists Sonny Stitt and Bunky Green recorded in Chicago in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.	Soul in the Night	Sonny Stitt
performer	Todo esto es muy extraño is the ninth album recorded by Spanish rock band Hombres G, released in 2005.	Todo esto es muy extraño	Hombres G
performer	``Stupid Cupid'' is a song written by Howard Greenfield and Neil Sedaka which became a hit for Connie Francis in 1958.	Stupid Cupid	Connie Francis
performer	``Lolli Lolli (Pop That Body)'' is the official first single by Three 6 Mafia from their studio album Last 2 Walk.	Lolli Lolli (Pop That Body)	Three 6 Mafia
performer	``Unravel'' is the third song on the album Homogenic by Björk, which was released in 1997.	Unravel	Björk
performer	Great Love Themes is an album recorded in April 1966 by jazz saxophonist Julian Edwin ``Cannonball'' Adderley.	Great Love Themes	Cannonball'' Adderley
performer	Od bižuterije do ćilibara (trans. From Bijouterie to Amber) is the sixth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori, released in 1997.	Od bižuterije do ćilibara	Bajaga i Instruktori
performer	Favorite Fix is the debut full-length album by American power pop band Artist vs. Poet, which was released on March 2, 2010.	Favorite Fix	Artist vs. Poet
performer	``Hey Baby (After the Club)'' is a song by Ashanti initially intended as the first U.S. single from her fourth studio album, The Declaration (2008), although it is not included on U.S. editions of the album.	Hey Baby (After the Club)	Ashanti
performer	If We Put Our Heads Together is a 1969 vocal duet studio album by the American country singer-songwriters, Loretta Lynn and Ernest Tubb.	If We Put Our Heads Together	Loretta Lynn
performer	Pecado Original (English Original Sin) is the 3rd studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel.	Pecado Original	Ana Gabriel
performer	Dear Miss Lonelyhearts is the fourth studio album by American indie rock band Cold War Kids.	Dear Miss Lonelyhearts	Cold War Kids
performer	``Party Starter'' is the second single released from Will Smith's album Lost & Found.	Party Starter	Will Smith
performer	Demo 98 is the first demo and release by the Blackened death metal band Crionics.	Demo 98	Crionics
performer	``Mama (Loves a Crackhead)'' is the fourth single by British rapper and songwriter Plan B, taken from his debut album Who Needs Actions When You Got Words, which was released two weeks prior to the single.	Mama (Loves a Crackhead)	Plan B
performer	From the Depths of My Soul is an album by American vocalist Marlena Shaw recorded in 1973 and released on the Blue Note label.	From the Depths of My Soul	Marlena Shaw
performer	Tears of Mortal Solitude is the first full-length album by the Russian symphonic black / doom / Gothic metal band Forest Stream.	Tears of Mortal Solitude	Forest Stream
performer	Un'altra direzione (English: Another Direction) is the tenth studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Nek.	Un'altra direzione	Nek
performer	Warabe is the eighth original album by Japan-based Kodo.	Warabe	Kodo
performer	Dreams Like Deserts is the debut EP by the Norwegian black metal band Aura Noir.	Dreams Like Deserts	Aura Noir
performer	``DJ Culture'' is the first single released by British electronic music group Pet Shop Boys from their singles collection album Discography:	DJ Culture	Pet Shop Boys
performer	``You Know You're Right'' is a song by the American grunge rock band Nirvana.	You Know You're Right	Nirvana
performer	``Coz I Luv You'' is a song by British band Slade, written by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea and produced by Chas Chandler.	Coz I Luv You	Slade
performer	``La solitudine'' (English: Loneliness) is an Italian ballad recorded by pop singer Laura Pausini and released as her debut single by CGD in February 1993.	La solitudine	Laura Pausini
performer	``(Marie's the Name) His Latest Flame'' is a song recorded in a hit version by Elvis Presley and published by Elvis Presley Music in 1961.	(Marie's the Name) His Latest Flame	Elvis Presley
performer	New Moon Daughter is a studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson, released in 1995 on Blue Note.	New Moon Daughter	Cassandra Wilson
performer	20 Disco Greats / 20 Love Songs is a double album released by British pop group Brotherhood of Man which was released as two separate albums, but sold together as a 'buy one get one free' package, as was the popular trend at the time.	20 Disco Greats / 20 Love Songs	Brotherhood of Man
performer	``Real Voice'' is the third single from female Japanese artist, Ayaka.	Real Voice	Ayaka
performer	``Darkest Hours'' is a single by power metal band Stratovarius, released on November 24, 2010 through Edel Music (Finland) and on November 26, 2010 through Victor Entertainment (Japan and worldwide).	Darkest Hours	Stratovarius
performer	The All American Rejects music video for ``The Wind Blows'' was directed by Rich Lee and shot between March 30 and 31, 2009 in Malibu, California and was released a month later on April 27.	The Wind Blows	The All American Rejects
performer	Urban Romantic (typeset as URBAN ROMANTIC) is J-Pop singer Rie fu's fourth album, released April 8, 2009.	Urban Romantic	Rie fu
performer	Whose Garden Was This is the third album by American singer-songwriter John Denver, consisting mainly of cover songs.	Whose Garden Was This	John Denver
performer	``Besos de Amor'' (English: Kisses of Love) is the lead single from Flex's third studio album Romantic Style Parte 3:	Besos de Amor	Flex
performer	Dans Et (Dance!) is the fifth studio album by Turkish pop singer Demet Akalın released on 1 March 2008 in Turkey through Seyhan Müzik.	Dans Et	Demet Akalın
performer	``Ain't No Woman (Like the One I've Got)'' is a 1973 hit single written by Dennis Lambert and Brian Potter, released as a single by the Four Tops on the ABC/Dunhill record label, from the album Keeper of the Castle.	Ain't No Woman (Like the One I've Got)	Four Tops
performer	``Costa Mesa Hates Me'' is a song by Supernova, released as their fourth single on 7`` by Tres Hombres Musica in 1994.	Costa Mesa Hates Me	Supernova
performer	If I Could See Dallas is the first album by the indie rock band Japancakes.	If I Could See Dallas	Japancakes
performer	``If There's Any Justice'' is the first single taken from British R&B singer Lemar's second album Time to Grow.	If There's Any Justice	Lemar
performer	In Pursuit of Blackness is an album by American saxophonist Joe Henderson, released in 1971 on Milestone.	In Pursuit of Blackness	Joe Henderson
performer	The Precious Prize of Gravity is the third studio album by international indie rock band Bellini.	The Precious Prize of Gravity	Bellini
performer	Romborama is the debut studio album by Italian electronic duo The Bloody Beetroots.	Romborama	The Bloody Beetroots
performer	``The Supermen'' is a song written by David Bowie in 1970 and released as the closing track on the album The Man Who Sold the World.	The Supermen	David Bowie
performer	``X Gon' Give It to Ya'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist DMX, released as the lead single from the soundtrack, Cradle 2 the Grave.	X Gon' Give It to Ya	DMX
performer	Urban Solitude is the second studio album by Dutch pop/rock singer Anouk.	Urban Solitude	Anouk
performer	Fire from the Tomb is an album by Christian metal band War of Ages, but it is a re-recording of their debut album, the self-titled War of Ages.	Fire from the Tomb	War of Ages
performer	Wheels of Fire is the third album by the British rock band Cream.	Wheels of Fire	Cream
performer	``Supawoman'' is a song by American Idol finalist, Kimberley Locke from her Based on a True Story album.	Supawoman	Kimberley Locke
performer	Laser Graffiti is the debut studio album by the Australian rock group The Galvatrons.	Laser Graffiti	The Galvatrons
performer	Formulas Fatal to the Flesh is the fifth full-length studio album by death metal band Morbid Angel.	Formulas Fatal to the Flesh	Morbid Angel
performer	``...(And That's No Lie)'' is synthpop trio Heaven 17's first and only single of 1985 from the album How Men Are.	...(And That's No Lie)	Heaven 17
performer	``Signature of Divine (Yahweh)'' is the first single released off the album The Heat by Christian rock band Needtobreathe.	Signature of Divine (Yahweh)	Needtobreathe
performer	Twaker Jatna Nin (Lit: Take Care Of Your Skin) is the 3rd album by Bengali band Chandrabindoo.	Twaker Jatna Nin	Chandrabindoo
performer	``Duke of Earl'' is a 1962 US number-one song, originally by Gene Chandler.	Duke of Earl	Gene Chandler
performer	``Until the Day I Die'' is the debut single by American rock band Story of the Year.	Until the Day I Die	Story of the Year
performer	One Heartbeat is a million-selling 1987 album by R&B singer/songwriter Smokey Robinson.	One Heartbeat	Smokey Robinson
performer	One Emotion is a 1994 album by the country singer/songwriter Clint Black.	One Emotion	Clint Black
performer	``Everything You Do'' is a single by Norwegian pop duo M2M, composed of singers Marion Raven and Marit Larsen.	Everything You Do	M2M
performer	Baro Biao - World Wide Wedding is the second album released by Romanian twelve-piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia.	Baro Biao	Fanfare Ciocărlia
performer	No More Tears is the sixth studio album by British heavy metal vocalist and songwriter Ozzy Osbourne.	No More Tears	Ozzy Osbourne
performer	``Walking in Rhythm'' is a smooth rhythm and blues & jazz song by The Blackbyrds.	Walking in Rhythm	The Blackbyrds
performer	Planetario is the ninth album of the group Enanitos Verdes published on December 9, 1997.	Planetario	Enanitos Verdes
performer	Let the Tempest Come is the second studio album by German melodic death metal band Neaera.	Let the Tempest Come	Neaera
performer	We Will Be Dead Tomorrow is the second album by UK sludgecore band Raging Speedhorn.	We Will Be Dead Tomorrow	Raging Speedhorn
performer	``Driven Under'' is a power ballad by South African rock band Seether and the second single off their 2002 debut album.	Driven Under	Seether
performer	Serenade to a Soul Sister is an album by jazz pianist Horace Silver released on the Blue Note label in 1968, featuring performances by Silver with Charles Tolliver, Stanley Turrentine, Bennie Maupin, Bob Cranshaw, John Williams, Mickey Roker and Billy Cobham.	Serenade to a Soul Sister	Horace Silver
performer	Fascinating Fingers is a collaboration album by musicians Clutchy Hopkins and Shawn Lee.	Fascinating Fingers	Clutchy Hopkins
performer	Friends & Strangers is the third album by American saxophonist Ronnie Laws recorded in 1977 and released on the Blue Note label.	Friends & Strangers	Ronnie Laws
performer	Forget About It is the eighth studio album by Alison Krauss, released in 1999.	Forget About It	Alison Krauss
place of birth	Jean Sabbagh was born in Paris, the elder son of artist Georges Hanna Sabbagh and art historian and resistance heroine Agnès Humbert.	Jean Sabbagh	Paris
place of birth	Waldemar Schreckenberger (born November 12, 1929 in Ludwigshafen) is a German lawyer, professor emeritus, and politician.	Waldemar Schreckenberger	Ludwigshafen
place of death	Christoph Schaffrath (1709 in Hohnstein -- 7 February 1763 in Berlin) - a German musician and composer of the late Baroque to Classical transition era.	Christoph Schaffrath	Berlin
place of death	Bolívar Echeverría (Riobamba, Ecuador, 1941 -- Mexico City, Mexico, June 5, 2010) was a philosopher, economist and cultural critic, born in Ecuador and later nationalized Mexican.	Bolívar Echeverría	Mexico City
position held	Evan Goyke (born November 24, 1982) is an American lawyer, an instructor at Marquette University and former assistant state public defender, who is a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Evan Goyke	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Claudio Teehankee, PLH (April 18, 1918 - November 27, 1989) was the 16th Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1986 to 1988.	Claudio Teehankee	Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines
position held	After independence, Baldev Singh was chosen to become the first Minister of Defence, and served in this post during the first Kashmir war between India and Pakistan.	Baldev Singh	Minister of Defence
position held	Kathleen Walcher is a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving from 2003-2006.	Kathleen Walcher	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Cathie Craigie (born 14 April 1954, Stirling) was a Scottish Labour politician and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Cumbernauld and Kilsyth constituency from 1999 to 2011.	Cathie Craigie	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	James Franklin Collins (born 1939) is a former United States Ambassador to Russia.	James Franklin Collins	United States Ambassador to Russia
position held	Jorge María Mejía (31 January 1923 -- 9 December 2014) was an Argentine cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church (Roman Rite).	Jorge María Mejía	cardinal
position held	Máximo Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear Pacheco (October 4, 1868 -- March 23, 1942), better known as Marcelo T. de Alvear was an Argentine politician and President of Argentina October 12, 1922 to October 12, 1928.	Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear	President of Argentina
position held	Jan-Erik Larsen (born 27 May 1963) is a Norwegian editor and politician for the Labour Party, and currently State Secretary in the Office of the Prime Minister.	Jan-Erik Larsen	State Secretary
position held	Alvise Pisani (born Venice, 1 January 1664 -- died there 17 June 1741) was the 114th Doge of Venice, serving from 17 January 1735 until his death.	Alvise Pisani	Doge of Venice
position held	George Brooke Roberts (January 15, 1833 -- January 30, 1897) was a civil engineer and the fifth president of the Pennsylvania Railroad (1880--96).	George Brooke Roberts	president
position held	Piali Pasha, (Turkish: Piyale Paşa) (c. 1515-1578) was an Ottoman admiral (Kapudan Pasha) between 1553 and 1567 and a Vizier after 1568.	Piali Pasha	Kapudan Pasha
position held	Mamnoon Hussain (Urdu: ممنون حسین‎ ; born 23 December 1940) is a Pakistani textile businessman, nationalist conservative, and politician who has served as the President of Pakistan since 9 September 2013.	Mamnoon Hussain	President of Pakistan
position held	Adrienne S. O'Neal is the former United States Ambassador to Cape Verde.	Adrienne S. O'Neal	United States Ambassador to Cape Verde
position held	Mansa Mohammed ibn Gao was mansa of the Mali Empire from 1305 to 1310.	Mohammed ibn Gao	Mansa
position held	James Spriggs Payne (December 19, 1819 -- January 31, 1882) served as the fourth and eighth President of Liberia, from 1868 to 1870 and from 1876 to 1878.	James Spriggs Payne	President of Liberia
position held	Salvador Sánchez Cerén (born 18 June 1944) is a Salvadoran politician and the current President of El Salvador.	Salvador Sánchez Cerén	President of El Salvador
position held	Albin Małysiak, C.M. (12 June 1917 -- 16 July 2011) was a Polish bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Albin Małysiak	bishop
position held	Jules Boucher was a Canadian politician and a two-term Member of the National Assembly of Quebec.	Jules Boucher	Member of the National Assembly
position held	Lucius Volumnius Flamma Violens was a consul of the Roman Republic, a novus homo (``new man'') who was the first consul to come from his plebeian gens.	Lucius Volumnius Flamma Violens	consul of the Roman Republic
position held	Yasin al-Hashimi, born Yasin Hilmi Salman, (Arabic: ياسين الهاشمى‎‎; 1882--1937) was an Iraqi politician who served twice as the Prime Minister of Iraq.	Yasin al-Hashimi	Prime Minister of Iraq
position held	Leonel Godoy Rangel (born June 5, 1950 in Lázaro Cárdenas, Michoacán) is a Mexican lawyer, politician, and former Governor of Michoacán.	Leonel Godoy Rangel	Governor of Michoacán
position held	Pasquale Malipiero, called the dux pacificus (born Venice, 1392 -- died there May 7, 1462) was a Venetian statesman who served as the 66th Doge of Venice from October 30, 1457 until his death.	Pasquale Malipiero	Doge of Venice
position held	James Bradley FRS (March 1693 -- 13 July 1762) was an English astronomer and served as Astronomer Royal from 1742, succeeding Edmond Halley.	James Bradley	Astronomer Royal
position held	Antonio Palocci Filho (born 4 October 1960) is a Brazilian physician and politician, and former Chief of Staff of Brazil under President Dilma Rousseff .	Antonio Palocci	Chief of Staff of Brazil
position held	Branko Crvenkovski (Macedonian: Бранко Црвенковски (ˈbraŋkɔ tsr̩ˈvɛŋkɔfski); born 12 October 1962) is a Macedonian politician who was Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia from 1992 to 1998 and again from 2002 to 2004, then President of the Republic of Macedonia from 2004 to 2009.	Branko Crvenkovski	Prime Minister of the Republic of Macedonia	President of the Republic of Macedonia
position held	Kate Maclean (born 16 February 1958, Dundee) is a Scottish Labour politician, and was the Member of the Scottish Parliament for Dundee West constituency from 1999 to 2007.	Kate Maclean	Member of the Scottish Parliament
position held	Gebmund was a medieval Bishop of Rochester.	Gebmund	Bishop of Rochester
position held	Claudia Bandion-Ortner (born 30 November 1966) is an Austrian judge and politician, who served as the minister of justice.	Claudia Bandion-Ortner	minister
position held	Edgar Jacob (16 November 1844 -- 25 March 1920) was an English churchman, who became Bishop of Newcastle and then Bishop of St Albans.	Edgar Jacob	Bishop of Newcastle
position held	Käte Strobel joined the SPD in 1925, being part of the party's leadership from 1958 to 1971 while from 1949 to 1972 being a member of the German Bundestag.	Käte Strobel	member of the German Bundestag
position held	Étienne de Bar (also: Stephen of Bar) was a French cardinal and cardinal-nephew of Pope Callixtus II. He was elevated, by his uncle, to cardinal-deacon of Santa Maria in Cosmedin in 1120.	Étienne de Bar	cardinal-deacon
position held	Raymond Couderc (born 16 September 1946 in Bordeaux) is a French politician, and a member of the Senate of France, representing the Department of Hérault.	Raymond Couderc	member of the Senate of France
position held	Chief Willie Obiano (born August 8, 1957) is a Nigerian banker, technocrat, politician and the fourth Democratic Governor of Anambra State.	Willie Obiano	Governor of Anambra State
position held	Abdool Raouf Bundhun (born 1937) was Vice President of Mauritius from 2002 to 2007.	Raouf Bundhun	President of Mauritius
position held	Angelo Massarelli was the Roman Catholic bishop of Sant'' Agata de'' Goti.	Angelo Massarelli	bishop
position held	Henry Cosgrove (December 19, 1834 -- December 23, 1906) was a late 19th-century and early 20th-century bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States.	Henry Cosgrove	bishop
position held	Al-Hakam Ibn Hisham Ibn Abd-ar-Rahman I (Arabic: الحكم بن هشام‎) was Umayyad Emir of Cordoba from 796 until 822 in the Al-Andalus (Moorish Iberia).	Al-Hakam I	Emir of Cordoba
position held	Bendt Bendtsen was a temporary member of the Folketing for the Conservative Party, representing Funen County constituency, from 5 April to 24 April 1994, and he was subsequently elected as a Conservative member of the Folketing from Funen County constituency in the parliamentary election held on 21 September 1994.	Bendt Bendtsen	member of the Folketing
position held	William Alexander Conn (1814-- January 4, 1903) was an American businessman, landowner and politician, serving as a member of the California State Assembly and as a Californian State Senator.	William Alexander Conn	member of the California State Assembly
position held	Ludwig Schüler (6 January 1836 -- 31 March 1930) was a German politician and from 17 September 1884 until 20 May 1907 mayor of Marburg.	Ludwig Schüler	mayor
position held	Joseph Santo is a former Republican member of the Connecticut Senate, representing Norwalk and part of Darien, Connecticut in Connecticut's 25th District from 1986 to 1987.	Joseph Santo	member of the Connecticut Senate
position held	Manegold of Berg (b. c. 1140--1150; d. 9 June 1215 in Vienna) was abbot of St. George's Abbey in the Black Forest, Kremsmünster Abbey and Tegernsee Abbey, and Bishop of Passau.	Manegold of Berg	abbot
position held	James Crawford Downs, known as Jam Downs (born October 7, 1940), is the former district attorney of the Louisiana 9th Judicial District Court based in Alexandria and Rapides Parish.	Jam Downs	district attorney
position held	Jean-Gilles du Coëtlosquet (15 September 1700, Saint-Pol-de-Léon -- 21 March 1784, Paris) was a French ecclesiastic, bishop of Limoges and preceptor to the grandchildren of Louis XV.	Jean-Gilles du Coëtlosquet	bishop
position held	Gerard de Namur (died 1155) was a cardinal born in Namur in the modern-day Belgium.	Gerard de Namur	cardinal
position held	Joseph Michael Sullivan (March 23, 1930 -- June 7, 2013) was an American priest and later Auxiliary bishop of the Diocese of Brooklyn, New York in the Roman Catholic Church from 1980 to 2005.	Joseph Michael Sullivan	bishop
position held	Robert Stockton Green (March 25, 1831 -- May 7, 1895) was an American Democratic Party politician, who served as the 27th Governor of New Jersey from 1887--1890.	Robert Stockton Green	Governor of New Jersey
position held	Jean Sarazin (also Sarrasin or Sarrazin), Latinized Joannes Saracenus (1539--1598) was an abbot of the Benedictine Abbey of St. Vaast, Arras, and the third archbishop of Cambrai.	Jean Sarazin	archbishop
position held	Herman Roethel (January 3, 1882 -- February 17, 1956) was a Wisconsin farmer from Kiel, Wisconsin, USA, who served two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly, first being elected as a Socialist, and later as a Republican.	Herman Roethel	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	On July 29, 1853, Louis de Goesbriand was appointed the first bishop of the newly erected Diocese of Burlington, Vermont, by Pope Pius IX. He received his episcopal consecration on the following October 30 from Archbishop Gaetano Bedini, with Bishops John McCloskey and Louis Amadeus Rappe serving as co-consecrators.	Louis de Goesbriand	bishop
position held	Cliff Rosenberger (born April 21, 1981) is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, serving the 91st District since 2011.	Cliff Rosenberger	member of the Ohio House of Representatives
position held	Albert Edward Matthews (May 17, 1873 -- December 16, 1949) was the 16th Lieutenant Governor of Ontario.	Albert Edward Matthews	Lieutenant Governor of Ontario
position held	Lewis T. Mittness, Jr. was a former member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.	Lewis T. Mittness	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly
position held	Hudjefa I is the cartouche name and pseudonym of a king (pharaoh) who is said to have ruled during the Ancient Egyptian 2nd dynasty.	Hudjefa I	pharaoh
position held	Geetha Gopi (Malayalam: ഗീത ഗോപി; born 30 May 1973) is an Communist Party of India politician from Thrissur and Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly from Nattika Assembly Constituency.	Geetha Gopi	Member of the Kerala Legislative Assembly
position held	The Allied Military Government of Occupied Territories (AMGOT), looking for anti-fascist notables to replace fascist authorities, made Don Calogero Vizzini mayor of Villalba, as well as an Honorary Colonel of the US Army.	Calogero Vizzini	mayor
position held	Blessed Carlo Liviero was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop who led the Diocese of Città di Castello.	Carlo Liviero	bishop
position held	Earl Ray Tomblin (born March 15, 1952) is an American Democratic Party politician and the 35th and current Governor of West Virginia.	Earl Ray Tomblin	Governor of West Virginia
position held	Alphonse Georger (born 25 May 1936 in Sarreguemines, Moselle (department), is a French and Algerian Catholic bishop and an Emeritus Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Oran in Algeria since December 2012.	Alphonse Georger	bishop
position held	Hamilton Richardson (October 17, 1820 -- ?) was an American businessman from Janesville, Wisconsin who spent one year (1864) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and six years (1877--1882) as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Senate from Rock County, Wisconsin.	Hamilton Richardson	member of the Wisconsin State Assembly	member of the Wisconsin State Senate
position held	Jacopo Contarini (1194-1280) was the 47th Doge of Venice, from 6 September 1275 to his abdication on 6 March 1280.	Jacopo Contarini	Doge of Venice
position held	Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque, O.F.M. (March 11, 1917 -- May 28, 2013) was a Brazilian bishop of the Roman Catholic Church.	Silvério Paulo de Albuquerque	bishop
position held	Hernando de Talavera (Talavera de la Reina, Spain, 1428 -- Granada, Spain, 14 May 1507) was a Spanish monk of the Order of Saint Jerome, of converso origins, who became archbishop of Granada and confessor of Queen Isabela.	Hernando de Talavera	archbishop
position held	Henri Namphy (born November 2, 1932 in Cap-Haïtien, Haiti) was a Haitian general and political figure who served as President of Haiti's interim ruling body, the National Council of Government, from February 7, 1986 to February 7, 1988.	Henri Namphy	President of Haiti
position held	Saint Euthymius of Tarnovo (also Evtimiy; Bulgarian: Свети Евтимий Търновски, Sveti Evtimiy Tarnovski) was Patriarch of Bulgaria between 1375 and 1393.	Euthymius of Tarnovo	Patriarch
position held	Joseph B. Willigers (October 26, 1930 -- September 30, 2012) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Jinja in Jinja, Uganda.	Joseph B. Willigers	bishop
position held	Margrethe Vestager (born 13 April 1968 at Glostrup, Zealand) is a Danish politician, who is currently serving as the (European Commissioner for Competition).	Margrethe Vestager	European Commissioner
position held	Qin Hui or Qin Kuai (January 17, 1090--November 18, 1155) was a Chancellor of the Song dynasty in Chinese history.	Qin Hui	Chancellor
position held	Roberto Dipiazza (born February 1, 1953 in Aiello del Friuli, Province of Udine) is an Italian entrepreneur and politician, mayor of Muggia (in the Province of Trieste) in 1996-2001, and mayor of Trieste in 2001-2011.	Roberto Dipiazza	mayor
position held	Jules Maaten was elected as a member of the European Parliament in the European Elections of 10 June 1999, on the list of the Dutch Liberal Party VVD and he joined the Liberal Group in the Parliament.	Jules Maaten	member of the European Parliament
position played on team / speciality	Hans Erik Ødegaard (born 20 January 1974) is a former Norwegian footballer who played as a central midfielder, and was assistant manager at Mjøndalen IF from 2009 to 2015.	Hans Erik Ødegaard	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Matheus Cotulio Bossa (born 21 February 1993), known as Matheus or Matheuzinho, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Estoril on loan from Grêmio Osasco Audax as an attacking midfielder.	Matheus Cotulio Bossa	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gert Verheyen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈʝɛrt fər.ˈhɛ.jə(n)); born 20 September 1970) is a Belgian retired footballer who played as a forward, and the current manager of the Belgian under-19 team.	Gert Verheyen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pieter Merlier (born 29 March 1979) is a Belgian football goalkeeper, currently under contract at Sporting West Harelbeke.	Pieter Merlier	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Barnes (born January 30, 1980 in Dunnville, Ontario), is an ice hockey left winger who most recently played seven games with the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League while registering no points and nine penalty minutes.	Ryan Barnes	winger
position played on team / speciality	Raquel Fernandes dos Santos (born 21 March 1991), commonly known as Raquel, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Ferroviária and the Brazilian national team.	Raquel Fernandes	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ely Thadeu Bravin Rangel, commonly known as Ely Thadeu (born 12 August 1982) is a Brazilian football forward playing with Esporte Clube Aracruz.	Ely Thadeu	forward
position played on team / speciality	Stuart Malcolm (born 20 August 1979) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Scottish League One side Stenhousemuir.	Stuart Malcolm	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gatoch Panom is an Ethiopian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ethiopian Coffee F.C. in the Ethiopian Premier League.	Gatoch Panom	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Siem de Jong (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsim də ˈjɔŋ); born 28 January 1989) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for English club Newcastle United.	Siem de Jong	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sam Booth (20 April 1926 - 25 September 1968) is a Scottish former professional footballer who played as a wing half.	Sam Booth	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Lazzari (Italian pronunciation: (anˈdrɛa ˈladdzari); born 3 December 1984) is an Italian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie A club Carpi.	Andrea Lazzari	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Florian Martin (born 19 March 1990) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ligue 2 club Sochaux.	Florian Martin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alberto Mijangos Castro (born 19 August 1951) is a Guatemalan football coach and former midfielder who played his career at CSD Municipal.	Carlos Alberto Mijangos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ansi Nika (born 22 August 1990 in Shkodër) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for FK Kukësi, on loan from Teuta Durrës in the Albanian Superliga.	Ansi Nika	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brett Palin (born June 23, 1984 in Nanaimo, British Columbia) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman and is currently a member of the EHC Black Wings Linz of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Brett Palin	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Juan Escudero Bueno (25 September 1920 -- 3 January 2012) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Athletic Aviación de Madrid, winning the La Liga in 1940 and 1941.	Juan Escudero	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bastian Schweinsteiger (pronounced (ˈbasti̯an ˈʃvaɪ̯nʃtaɪ̯ɡɐ); born 1 August 1984) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Manchester United and the Germany national team.	Bastian Schweinsteiger	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jafar Arias (born 16 June 1995 in Willemstad) is a Dutch-Curaçaoan professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Jafar Arias	forward
position played on team / speciality	Tarek Morad (born August 21, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Louisville City in the USL.	Tarek Morad	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gavin Kelly (born 29 September 1968) is an English former footballer, born in Beverley, who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Hull City, Bristol Rovers and Scarborough, and in the Hong Kong First Division League for Golden.	Gavin Kelly	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Karl Coleman (born 19 November 1988) is an Irish association football goalkeeper who is currently a free agent.	Karl Coleman	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Markus Berger (born 21 January 1985 in Salzburg) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club C.D. Tondela as a central defender.	Markus Berger	defender
position played on team / speciality	Saeed Ghaedifar is a defender who plays for Sepahan in the Iran Pro League.	Saeed Ghaedifar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zhang Yonghai (simplified Chinese: 张永海; traditional Chinese: 張永海; pinyin: Zhāng Yǒnghǎi) (born March 15, 1979, in Panjin) is a Chinese football player who currently plays as a defender.	Zhang Yonghai	defender
position played on team / speciality	Carl Riegel (6 January 1897 -- 26 November 1970) was a German football midfielder who played for 1.	Carl Riegel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy (Russian: Ярослав Крушельницкий; born 16 March 1983) is an Uzbekistani international football defender who currently plays for Andijan.	Yaroslav Krushelnitskiy	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ihor Zhurakhovskyi (Ukrainian: Ігор Ігорович Жураховський; born 19 September 1994 in Kyiv, Ukraine) is a Ukrainian football midfielder.	Ihor Zhurakhovskyi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Gámiz Chasco (born 26 February 1978 in Vitoria-Gasteiz, Álava) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Sergio Gámiz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jean-Jacques Marcel (13 June 1931 -- 3 October 2014) was a French international footballer who played midfielder.	Jean-Jacques Marcel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Maycon Vieira de Freitas or simply Maycon (born February 14, 1985, in Vitória), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Sampaio Corrêa as a defensive midfielder.	Maycon Vieira de Freitas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yusuke Kato (born 13 February 1986 in Osaka, Japan) is a Japanese football midfielder, who plays for BBCU in Thai Division 1 League.	Yusuke Kato	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dan Sahlin (born 18 April 1967) is a Swedish former professional football forward who won three caps for his country.	Dan Sahlin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Troy Dusosky (born May 12, 1976 in Anoka, Minnesota) is a retired American soccer defender who played for the Milwaukee Wave of the Major Indoor Soccer League.	Troy Dusosky	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ahmed Kashi (born 18 November 1988 in Aubervilliers, France) is an Algerian professional footballer who plays for English club Charlton Athletic, as a midfielder.	Ahmed Kashi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dušan Đuričić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душан Ђуричић, born 11 March 1990) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for Zlaté Moravce.	Dušan Đuričić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Olushola Olumuyiwa Aganun (born May 4, 1984 in Lagos, Nigeria) is a Nigerian footballer who plays forward for Laotian club Hoàng Anh Attapeu on loan from Hoàng Anh Gia Lai.	Olumuyiwa Aganun	forward
position played on team / speciality	Héctor Ladero Rivas (born 13 May 1989 in Salamanca, Castile and León) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for St. Andrews University (North Carolina) as a central defender.	Héctor Ladero	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marek Jankulovski (Czech pronunciation: (ˈmarɛk ˈjaŋkulofskɪ); born 9 May 1977) is a retired Czech footballer who played as a defender.	Marek Jankulovski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Patrik Åström (born 28 August 1987), nicknamed Ås, is a Swedish football player who plays as a midfielder.	Patrik Åström	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jozef Karel (13 September 1922 in Humenné -- 26 September 2005 in Košice) was a former Slovak football midfielder and then coach.	Jozef Karel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Willibald Schmaus (16 June 1912 in Vienna -- 27 April 1979) was an Austrian football defender.	Willibald Schmaus	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Nazaryan (Armenian: Ռաֆայել Նազարյան, born on 26 March 1975 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) was an Armenian football midfielder.	Rafael Nazaryan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Heredia Ceballos-Zúñiga (born 2 March 1987 in Cádiz, Andalusia) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UB Conquense in the Tercera División, as a forward.	Alberto Heredia Ceballos	forward
position played on team / speciality	The right wing forward-midfielder Aleksandrs Vanags made his debut with Universitātes Sports (later he moved to ASK Rīga) and Latvia national football team at a young age.	Aleksandrs Vanags	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Shamsurin Abdul Rahman is a midfielder who last played for Woodlands Wellington FC in the S-League.	Shamsurin Abdul Rahman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Gaudino (born 11 November 1996) is a German football midfielder currently playing for FC St. Gallen on loan from Bayern Munich.	Gianluca Gaudino	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Grzegorz Sandomierski ((ˈɡʐɛɡɔʂ sandɔˈmʲɛrskʲi); born 5 September 1989 in Białystok) is a Polish football goalkeeper who plays for Cracovia.	Grzegorz Sandomierski	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Galindo Sánchez (born 14 October 1980) is a Bolivian footballer who plays a centre forward.	Roberto Galindo	forward
position played on team / speciality	José Ignacio Pallas (born January 5, 1983 in Montevideo) is a Uruguayan football defender who currently plays for Uruguayan side Centro Atlético Fénix.	José Ignacio Pallas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Pommerenke (born 22 January 1953 in Wegeleben) is a former German football midfielder and manager.	Jürgen Pommerenke	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clayton Ince CM (born 12 July 1972) is a Trinidadian football goalkeeper who had lengthy spells in the English Football League at Crewe Alexandra and Walsall.	Clayton Ince	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adimchinobe Echemandu (born November 21, 1980) is a former Nigerian-American running back of American football.	Adimchinobe Echemandu	running back
position played on team / speciality	Kervin Godon (born 11 April 1981) is a Mauritian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Saint-Denis FC in the Réunion Premier League and for the Mauritius national football team.	Kervin Godon	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miro Rys (July 18, 1957 -- September 1977) was a Czech American soccer forward who played professionally in the North American Soccer League.	Miro Rys	forward
position played on team / speciality	Paul Beekmans (born 3 January 1982) is a Dutch football manager and former player who mainly played as a defensive midfielder.	Paul Beekmans	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jamie Ewings (born 4 August 1984 in Bellshill) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Dumbarton in the Scottish Championship as a goalkeeper.	Jamie Ewings	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Juan Manuel Azconzábal (born 8 September 1974 in Junín, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football coach and former defender who played professional football for ten different clubs in six different countries.	Juan Manuel Azconzábal	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rubens Pinheiro (born 12 October 1989 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played as a midfielder for the Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League.	Rubens Pinheiro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Janusz Michallik (born April 22, 1966 in Chorzów, Poland) is a retired Polish-American football (soccer) defender and current soccer coach and television sports commentator.	Janusz Michallik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Gilson Manuel Silva Alves also known as Ja (born 18 March 1987 in Fogo) is a Cape Verdean football forward who plays for Olympique du Kef in the Tunisian Ligue Professionnelle 2.	Gilson Manuel Silva Alves	forward
position played on team / speciality	Michael Broadhurst (born 30 October 1986) is a New Zealand born Japanese rugby union player who plays at flanker, lock or number 8 for the Ricoh Black Rams in the Top League and the Japan national rugby union team.	Michael Broadhurst	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Petronilho de Brito, commonly known as just Petronilho (May 31, 1904 -- 1983), was an association footballer who played forward, and who played for the Brazilian national team.	Petronilho de Brito	forward
position played on team / speciality	Carlos Alberto Rogger Dias or simply Carlinhos (born 1 April 1990 in Rio de Janeiro), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder, left wide midfielder or left back for Paysandu.	Carlos Alberto Rogger Dias	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dirk Langerbein (born 9 September 1971 in Lippetal) is a retired German footballer who played as goalkeeper.	Dirk Langerbein	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Chris Rowney (born 14 February 1991) is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mossley.	Chris Rowney	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ismael Ruiz Salmón (born 7 July 1977 in Santander, Cantabria), known simply as Ismael, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	Ismael Ruiz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Carlo Ceresoli (14 June 1910 -- 22 April 1995) was an Italian football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Carlo Ceresoli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Etchu Tabe (born July 12, 1986) is a Cameroonian-born American soccer player who plays as a defender or striker.	Etchu Tabe	defender
position played on team / speciality	Petar Patev (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Петър Патев; born 21 May 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a defender for Dunav Ruse.	Petar Patev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Lella (born 6 November 1989 is a Belgian football midfielder who currently plays for Boussu Dour Borinage on loan from ROCCM in Belgium.	Jan Lella	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nader El-Sayed (Arabic: نادر السيد‎) (born 13 December 1972) is a notable Egyptian goalkeeper, who currently retired and he last played for Egyptian Premier League club ENPPI, and has been capped more than 100 times with the Egyptian national team.	Nader El-Sayed	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ömer Can Sokullu (born 14 August 1988) is a Turkish football midfielder who plays for Karşıyaka on loan from İstanbul Başakşehir.	Ömer Can Sokullu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Daniel Almiro Lobo, better known as Miró (born 30 April 1982 in Quelimane) is a Mozambican football defender who currently plays for South African Premier Soccer League club Platinum Stars and Mozambique.	Almiro Lobo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrey Chukhley (Belarusian: Андрэй Чухлей; Russian: Андрей Чухлей; born 2 October 1987 in Minsk) is a Belarusian football midfielder who is currently playing for FC Vitebsk.	Andrey Chukhley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Murray Flegel (born February 13, 1948) is a former ice hockey defenceman who played 10 seasons of professional hockey from 1967 to 1977.	Murray Flegel	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Vuletich (born November 3, 1991) is an Argentine football forward of Croatian descent who plays for Arsenal de Sarandí in the Argentine Primera División.	Agustín Vuletich	forward
position played on team / speciality	Adam Robson (16 August 1928, Hawick -- 15 March 2007) was a Scottish rugby union player, who played as a flanker.	Adam Robson	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Vialli (born 9 July 1964 in Cremona) is an Italian football manager and former footballer who played as a forward.	Gianluca Vialli	forward
position played on team / speciality	Hajnalka Sipos is a Hungarian football goalkeeper currently playing for ŽNK Osijek in the Croatian 1st Division.	Hajnalka Sipos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Pedro Alves Salazar (born 18 October 1978), known as José Pedro, is a Portuguese retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	José Pedro	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jim Cruickshank (13 April 1941 -- 18 November 2010) was a Scottish football goalkeeper, who was born in Glasgow and played for Heart of Midlothian for the majority of his career.	Jim Cruickshank	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Armando Varela (born 1 March 1997) is an East Timorese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Pante Macassar FC and Timor-Leste national football team.	Armando Varela	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sotiris Leontiou (Greek: Σωτήρης Λεοντίου born on 17 July 1984 in Ioannina, Greece) is a Greek footballer who plays for Thesprotos in the Football League 2, as defensive midfielder or as a left full back.	Sotiris Leontiou	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Charlie Telfer (born 4 July 1995) is a Scottish footballer who plays for Livingston as a midfielder, on loan from Scottish Premiership club Dundee United.	Charlie Telfer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kostakis Konstantinou (born 24 September 1968) is a retired Cypriot footballer who played as a defender, and was capped 35 times by the Cyprus national football team, scoring one goal.	Kostakis Konstantinou	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Dugdale (born 12 September 1987) is an English footballer who plays for Morecambe as a defender.	Adam Dugdale	defender
position played on team / speciality	Matteo Soragna, born 26 December 1975, is an Italian professional basketball player who plays for Bakery Piacenza of the Italian Serie B. He can switch between all perimeter positions (shooting guard, small forward and point guard).	Matteo Soragna	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Daniele Corvia (born 20 November 1984) is an Italian footballer, who plays as a forward for Italian club Latina in Serie B.	Daniele Corvia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Zavadil (born 30 April 1978 in Olomuc) is a Czech football midfielder, preferably playing on the right wing or in the center of the field just behind the striker.	Pavel Zavadil	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Marianini (born 6 May 1979) is an Italian association football midfielder.	Francesco Marianini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hanif Omranzadehian (Persian: حنیف عمران زاده‎‎, born April 30, 1985 in Noor) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Esteghlal in Iran's Premier Football League and the Iran national football team.	Hanif Omranzadeh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ayoze Pérez Gutiérrez (born 29 July 1993), simply known as Ayoze, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Premier League club Newcastle United.	Ayoze Pérez	forward
position played on team / speciality	Guilherme Almeida Augusto (born 29 January 1993), known as Guilherme Almeida or simply Guilherme, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguesa as a central defender.	Guilherme Almeida Augusto	defender
position played on team / speciality	Simon Gagné (French pronunciation: ​(simɔ̃ ɡaɲe); born February 29, 1980) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger.	Simon Gagné	winger
position played on team / speciality	Emiliano Salvetti (born 1 January 1974 in Forlì) is a former Italian football (soccer) midfielder.	Emiliano Salvetti	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tim Hanley (born March 27, 1960) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played in the North American Soccer League and Europe.	Tim Hanley	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tamie Batista (born January 2, 1968) is a retired American soccer midfielder who was a member of the United States women's national soccer team.	Tamie Batista	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petr Kuboš (born September 10, 1979 in ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman.	Petr Kuboš	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Joselu plays as a striker and has been described by Mark Hughes as a ``technically adept forward''.	Joselu	forward
position played on team / speciality	Emanuele Pesaresi (born 10 December 1976) is a former Italian footballer who last played Ancona 1905 in Serie D. He was a fast and aggressive defender who was known for his quick pace and counterattacking.	Emanuele Pesaresi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Aleksandar Markov - The Action (Bulgarian: Александър Марков - Екшъна; born 17 August 1961) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played as a defender.	Aleksandar Markov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zózimo Alves Calazães, best known as Zózimo (19 June 1932 -- 17 July 1977) was a Brazilian footballer whose career as a defender and midfielder lasted from 1948 to 1967.	Zózimo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Clemente Villaverde Huelva (born 8 February 1959), simply known as Clemente, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defender.	Clemente Villaverde	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ranko Moravac (Serbian: Ранко Моравац, born 25 January 1995 in FR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga.	Ranko Moravac	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jesús García Sanjuán (born 22 August 1971) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a central midfielder.	Jesús García Sanjuán	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Juan Santisteban Troyano (born 8 December 1936) is a retired Spanish football midfielder and manager.	Juan Santisteban	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ron Bayliss is a Northern Irish former professional footballer who played as a defender.	Ron Bayliss	defender
position played on team / speciality	Serge Yoffou (born 24 December 1971 in Abidjan) is a former Ivorian international footballer, who played in his career as a forward.	Serge Yoffou	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jérémy Faug-Porret (born 4 February 1987) is a French football defender who plays as a left back for Romanian side Petrolul Ploiești.	Jérémy Faug-Porret	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alan Bradshaw (born 14 September 1941) is an English former professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Blackburn Rovers, Crewe Alexandra, and Macclesfield Town.	Alan Bradshaw	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Boban Babunski (Macedonian: Бобан Бабунски; born 5 May 1968) is a Macedonian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a coach.	Boban Babunski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Malcolm Moore (born 18 December 1948 in Silksworth, England) is an English footballer who played as a centre forward for Sunderland, Crewe Alexandra, Tranmere Rovers, Hartlepool United and Workington.	Malcolm Moore	forward
position played on team / speciality	Joe Beaton (born June 18, 1910 in Stellarton, Nova Scotia, Canada; died 1965 in Stanmore, England) is a former professional ice hockey centre who played in the English National League.	Joe Beaton	centre
position played on team / speciality	Giorgos Merkis (Greek: Γιώργος Μερκής) (born 30 July 1984) is a Cypriot international footballer who plays for APOEL in the Cypriot First Division as a central defender.	Giorgos Merkis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Didier Dheedene (born 22 January 1972 in Antwerp) is a former Belgian footballer who played as a left back and central defender.	Didier Dheedene	defender
position played on team / speciality	Doug Rudham (3 May 1926 - 13 August 1991) was a South African footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League.	Doug Rudham	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pierre Aquilina (born 3 November 1977 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese First Division side Vittoriosa Stars, where he plays as a defender.	Pierre Aquilina	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luca Cigarini (Italian pronunciation: (ˈluːka tʃiɡaˈriːni); born 20 June 1986) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Atalanta as a midfielder.	Luca Cigarini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jim McDougall is a former association footballer who represented New Zealand as a goalkeeper at international level.	Jim McDougall	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Urmas Kaljend (born 24 July 1964) is a retired Estonian professional footballer, who played as a defender.	Urmas Kaljend	defender
position played on team / speciality	Stanislav Tecl (born 1 September 1990) is a professional Czech football forward.	Stanislav Tecl	forward
position played on team / speciality	Anggello Machuca (born 14 September 1984) is a professional Paraguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder.	Anggello Machuca	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Barry Watling is a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Bristol City, Notts County, Hartlepool United, Chester City, Rotherham United and Sheffield Wednesday.	Barry Watling	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hubert Gad, also known as Hubert God (August 15, 1914 -- July 3, 1939) was a Polish football player, a very skilled and aggressive forward, who for a while was the top scorer of Poland.	Hubert Gad	forward
position played on team / speciality	Blerim Hasalla (born 13 September 1976) is an Albanian football defender who currently plays for KS Tomori Berat in the Albanian First Division.	Blerim Hasalla	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mark Farren (1 May 1982 -- 3 February 2016) was an Irish footballer who played as a forward for Derry City.	Mark Farren	forward
position played on team / speciality	Domingos Chan (Chinese: 陳達燊, born September 11, 1970 in Macau) is a Macau professional football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Macau team.	Domingos Chan	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mario Martínez Rubio (born 25 March 1985 in Soria), known simply as Mario, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Portuguese club Boavista F.C. as a midfielder.	Mario Martínez Rubio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kamil Kurowski (born 4 September 1994 in Nowy Sącz) is a Polish footballer who plays as an offensives midfielder for Podbeskidzie in the Ekstraklasa.	Kamil Kurowski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Khalilou Fadiga (born 30 December 1974) is a former Senegalese footballer midfielder.	Khalilou Fadiga	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jonathan Thomas (born 27 December 1982 in Pembroke) is a retired Welsh international rugby union player, who played mainly at flanker having also played at number eight and lock.	Jonathan Thomas	flanker
position played on team / speciality	Hugo Lloris (French pronunciation: ​(yɡo joʁis); born 26 December 1986) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper and captains both English club Tottenham Hotspur and the French national team.	Hugo Lloris	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Ormerod (born 31 March 1979) is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for Marske United	Anthony Ormerod	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Volesky (born September 15, 1992) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a forward for Rochester Rhinos.	Christian Volesky	forward
position played on team / speciality	William Pierce Owen (20 November 1860 -- 13 December 1937) was a Welsh professional footballer who played as a midfielder (winger, sometimes wing half) for Ruthin Town.	William Pierce Owen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Derek Soutar (born 4 June 1981 in Dundee) is a Scottish professional football goalkeeper, currently without a club.	Derek Soutar	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Haji Ahmadov (Azerbaijani: Hacı Əhmədov, born on 23 November 1993 in Baku, Soviet Union) is an Azerbaijani football defender who plays for AZAL.	Haji Ahmadov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dominic Bird (born 9 April 1991) is a New Zealand rugby union player who plays as a lock for Canterbury in the ITM Cup.	Dominic Bird	lock
position played on team / speciality	Valeriy Yurchuk (Ukrainian: Валерій Володимирович Юрчук; born 12 April 1990 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who played for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Valeriy Yurchuk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Bird (born 7 August 1952 in Doncaster) is a former professional footballer who played as a defender who played for Mansfield Town and Huddersfield Town.	Kevin Bird	defender
position played on team / speciality	James Dargaville (born 25 April 1992) is an Australian rugby union footballer who currently plays as a wing for the Brumbies in Super Rugby.	James Dargaville	wing
position played on team / speciality	Omar Jawo (born November 8, 1981 in Banjul) is a Gambian-Swedish footballer who plays as a defender.	Omar Jawo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dylan McGeouch (born 15 January 1993) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hibernian.	Dylan McGeouch	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Frank Watkin (30 March 1904 -- 26 January 1979) was an English footballer who played at centre-forward for Congleton Town, Stoke City, and Port Vale.	Frank Watkin	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brian Atkinson (born 19 January 1971) is an English former footballer who played as a midfielder, either on the wing or as a central midfielder.	Brian Atkinson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iiro Tarkki (born July 1, 1985) is a Finnish retired professional ice hockey goaltender.	Iiro Tarkki	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Stephen Baby (born January 31, 1980, in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.) is an American former professional ice hockey winger.	Stephen Baby	winger
position played on team / speciality	Wigor Alan do Nascimento (born 7 January 1995), simply known as Wigor, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Bragantino, on loan from Capivariano, as a defensive midfielder.	Wigor Alan do Nascimento	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Barros Silva (born 26 December 1973 in Praia), known as Zé Piguita, is a Cape Verdean retired footballer who played as a defender.	Zé Piguita	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alexandru Belevschi is a Moldovan footballer who plays as defender for Zimbru Chișinău.	Alexandru Belevschi	defender
position played on team / speciality	António Leonel Vilar Nogueira Sousa (Portuguese pronunciation: (tuˈnɛɫ); born 13 April 1980), known as Tonel, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.F. Os Belenenses as a central defender.	Tonel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Agustín Julio Castro (born 25 October 1974 in Cartagena) is a Colombian Association football former player, who played as a goalkeeper.	Agustín Julio	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Massimo Brambati (born 29 June 1966) is an Italian ex-footballer; he played as a defender.	Massimo Brambati	defender
position played on team / speciality	Alen Mašović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ален Машовић; born 7 August 1994) is a Serbian football forward playing for FK Voždovac in Serbian SuperLiga.	Alen Mašović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Reginaldo de Santana, better known as Marilia, (born 22 July 1975) is a Brazilian football (soccer) defender who currently plays for Concórdia.	Reginaldo de Santana	defender
position played on team / speciality	James Bittner (born 2 February 1982) is an English professional footballer who plays for Plymouth Argyle, as a goalkeeper, as well as being the club's goalkeeper coach.	James Bittner	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giorgi Merebashvili (Georgian: გიორგი მერებაშვილი; born 15 August 1986 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Levadiakos.	Giorgi Merebashvili	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kristiyan Tafradzhiyski (Bulgarian: Кристиян Тафраджийски; born 10 August 1993) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a midfielder for Sozopol on loan from Litex Lovech.	Kristiyan Tafradzhiyski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michael Zaglmair (born 7 December 1987) is an Austrian football goalkeeper who currently plays for LASK Linz in the Austrian Bundesliga.	Michael Zaglmair	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Khadim Faye (born 5 September 1970) is a Senegalese retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Khadim Faye	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Mohamed El Makrini (born 6 July 1987 in Utrecht) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder, who plays for Danish Superliga-club OB.	Mohamed El Makrini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Rath (born 26 July 1970 in Schwedt) is a retired German football midfielder who played for Hertha BSC, Dynamo Dresden, SC Freiburg and VfB Leipzig.	Thomas Rath	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	William Harrower (born 9 October 1861) was a Scottish former footballer who played at club level for Queen's Park in Glasgow and internationally for Scotland as an inside forward.	William Harrower	forward
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Ferreira de Oliveira Junior (born October 24, 1984 in Rio de Janeiro) is a football defender from Brazil who plays for Bragantino.	Antonio Ferreira de Oliveira Junior	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Ignacio Mercier (born 2 February 1980) is an Argentine football midfielder currently playing for San Lorenzo.	Juan Ignacio Mercier	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Michal Lupač (born 15 May 1984) is a professional Czech footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Michal Lupač	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vatroslav Petrinović (born 13 April 1959) is a retired Croatian football defender, who played at the end of the 1970s and during the 1980s for Hajduk, Iskra, Admira, Budućnost Titograd, Šibenik and Olimpija.	Vatroslav Petrinović	defender
position played on team / speciality	Čedomir Đoinčević (Serbian Cyrillic: Чедомир Ђоинчевић; born 5 May 1961) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a central defender, and a coach.	Čedomir Đoinčević	defender
position played on team / speciality	Claudio Vinazzani (18 April 1954) is a former Italian footballer who played as a midfielder.	Claudio Vinazzani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Cattenari (born 17 January 1990 in Sora) is an Italian goalkeeper who currently plays for Polisportiva Nuovo Campobasso Calcio on loan from Pescara in Serie A.	Francesco Cattenari	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Pavel Hašek (born 27 June 1983) is a Czech football midfielder currently playing for Bohemians 1905, on loan from FK Dukla Prague in the Czech Republic.	Pavel Hašek	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petru Racu (born 17 July 1987) is a Moldovan football player, who currently plays for Milsami Orhei and for Moldova national team as a defender.	Petru Racu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Edgars Lūsiņš (born December 25, 1984 in Riga, Soviet Union) is a Latvian ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Prizma Riga in the Latvian Amateur Championship.	Edgars Lūsiņš	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Jan Hejda (born June 18, 1978) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently an unrestricted free agent who last played on a professional try-out with the Lake Erie Monsters of the American Hockey League (AHL).	Jan Hejda	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Rueda García (born 2 January 1980 in San Fernando, Cádiz, Andalusia) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender.	Manuel Rueda	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sanju Pradhan (born 15 August 1989 in West Sikkim, Sikkim) is an Indian footballer who plays as a winger for East Bengal in the I-League on loan from NorthEast United.	Sanju Pradhan	winger
position played on team / speciality	Yoan Cardinale (27 March 1994) is a French footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for OGC Nice in Ligue 1.	Yoan Cardinale	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Janni (19 September 1904 -- 29 June 1987) was an Italian football manager and former player who played as a midfielder.	Antonio Janni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Artem Savin (Ukrainian: Артем Сергійович Савін; born 20 January 1981 in Voroshylovhrad, Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football defender.	Artem Savin	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jason Dair (born 15 June 1974) is a former Scottish professional football midfielder and current assistant manager to Colin Nish at Cowdenbeath.	Jason Dair	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tevita Cavubati (born 12 August 1987) is a Fijian Rugby Union player who currently plays as a lock for Worcester Warriors in the Aviva Premiership and for Fiji.	Tevita Cavubati	lock
position played on team / speciality	Constanza Cano Díaz is a Spanish football midfielder, currently playing for SPC Llanos de Olivenza.	Constanza Cano	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Patrick Foletti (born 27 May 1974) is a former Swiss goalkeeper who currently works as a goalkeeper coach for the Switzerland national football team.	Patrick Foletti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Guy Moussi (born 23 January 1985) is a French footballer who last played as a defensive midfielder for HJK.	Guy Moussi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Franzoia (born 21 October 1985 in San Pedro, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine football forward or second striker.	Andrés Franzoia	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ershad Yousefi (Persian: ارشاد یوسفی‎, born September 19, 1981 in Mashhad, Iran) is an Iranian football goalkeeper who most recently plays for Foolad in Iran Pro League.	Ershad Yousefi	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alan Dorney (born 18 May 1947 in Bermondsey, London) is an English footballer who made more than 250 appearances in the Football League playing as a central defender for Millwall.	Alan Dorney	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dimitra Tsiliaskopoulos, better known as Dimi Poulos is an Australian football goalkeeper who last played for Western Sydney Wanderers in the W-League, as an injury replacement for Young Matildas goalkeeper Mackenzie Arnold.	Dimitra Tsiliaskopoulos	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Marko Dinjar (born 21 May 1986) is a Croatian football midfielder who currently plays for Győri ETO in the Nemzeti Bajnokság I. He also appeared for the Croatian national team at various youth levels.	Marko Dinjar	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Ignacio Benítez Castañeda (born 9 December 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left winger.	Ignacio Benítez	winger
position played on team / speciality	Vasyl Novokhatskyi (Ukrainian: Василь Новохацький; born 29 April 1974) is a retired footballer who played as a midfielder for clubs in Ukraine, Greece, and Israel.	Vasyl Novokhatsky	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Jevtić (born November 3, 1989) is a professional Serbian football player who currently plays for Woodlands Wellington as a defender.	Miloš Jevtić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mike Frantz (born 14 October 1986 in Saarbrücken) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for SC Freiburg in the Bundesliga.	Mike Frantz	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zlatko Juričević (born 28 July 1958) is a former professional football goalkeeper who played in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Zlatko Juričević	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hélder de Paula Santos commonly known as Hélder (born 20 June 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Paraná, on loan from Coritiba Foot Ball Club.	Hélder de Paula Santos	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Reiner Ferreira Correa Gomes (born 17 November 1985) or simply Reiner, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish club Adana Demirspor.	Reiner Ferreira Correa Gomes	defender
position played on team / speciality	Li Yunqiu (Chinese: 李运秋; Pinyin: Lǐ Yùnqiū; born 3 October 1990 in Shanghai) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan as a defender.	Li Yunqiu	defender
position played on team / speciality	Charles O'Hagan (28 July 1881 - 1 July 1931) is a former Irish professional association football forward and manager.	Charles O'Hagan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Konstantinos Drampis (Greek: Κωνσταντίνος Δράμπης; born in 1952), a Greek football player, was a star midfielder for Aris Thessaloniki F.C. during the '70.	Konstantinos Drampis	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kim Seok (born 9 September 1991) is a South Korean football player who plays as a forward.	Kim Seok	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dakson Soares da Silva, or simply Dakson (born 11 July 1987 in Santana do Ipanema), is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Clube de Regatas Brasil as an attacking midfielder.	Dakson Soares da Silva	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Peter Till (born 7 September 1985) is an English semi-professional footballer who plays as a winger for Northern Premier League Division One South club Stafford Rangers.	Peter Till	winger
position played on team / speciality	Archie Hughes (1919 -- 1992) was a Welsh professional footballer, who played as a goalkeeper for Huddersfield Town, Tottenham Hotspur, Blackburn Rovers, Nelson, Rochdale and Crystal Palace.	Archie Hughes	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dimitris Pelkas (Greek: Δημήτρης Πέλκας, born 26 October 1993 in Giannitsa, Pella) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for PAOK FC as an attacking midfielder.	Dimitris Pelkas	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mohammad Hosseinpour (Persian: محمد حسین‌پور‎‎, May 26, 1993 in Iran) is an Iranian football midfielder, who currently plays for Khoneh Be Khoneh in Azadegan League.	Mohammad Hosseinpour	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mirjana Milenković (born 14 March 1985) is a Serbian-born Montenegrin handball goalkeeper who plays for RK Podravka Koprivnica and for the Montenegrin national team.	Mirjana Milenković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zeferino Martins, also known as Ze Martins (born September 5, 1985) is an East Timorese footballer who plays as midfielder for Ad.	Zeferino Martins	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Richard Goddard-Crawley (born 31 March 1978) is a retired semi-professional footballer who played as a midfielder.	Richard Goddard-Crawley	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mercédesz Vesszős (born 10 January 1992) is a Hungarian football defender currently playing in the Hungarian First Division for MTK Hungária, with whom she has also played the Champions League.	Mercédesz Vesszős	defender
position played on team / speciality	Yang Chao-hsun (Chinese: 楊朝勛) is a Taiwanese footballer who plays as a defender.	Yang Chao-hsun	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Donadoni (Italian pronunciation: (roˈbɛrto donaˈdoːni); born 9 September 1963) is an Italian football manager and former midfielder, who is currently manager for Bologna.	Roberto Donadoni	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Domenico Berardi (Italian pronunciation: (doˈmeniko beˈrardi); born 1 August 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Sassuolo and the Italy national under-21 football team as a forward.	Domenico Berardi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Matthias Trattnig (born April 22, 1979) is an Austrian ice hockey defenceman.	Matthias Trattnig	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Myles Kenlock is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Ipswich Town in the Championship.	Myles Kenlock	defender
position played on team / speciality	Slavcho Toshev (Bulgarian: Славчо Тошев; born 27 August 1980) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper.	Slavcho Toshev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	José Manuel Nájera (born 3 September 1988 in Medellín) is a Colombian football creative midfielder.	José Manuel Nájera	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mátyás Sándor (Serbian: Maћaш Шaндop, Maćaš Šandor; born 21 March 1973) is a retired Hungarian professional football midfielder.	Mátyás Sándor	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Brian Japp is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL A-League and American Professional Soccer League.	Brian Japp	defender
position played on team / speciality	Moisés García León (born 10 July 1971), known simply as Moisés, is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a centre forward.	Moisés García León	forward
position played on team / speciality	Sengbah Kennedy (born 8 April 1991) is Liberian international footballer who plays for Arema Cronus, as a midfielder.	Sengbah Kennedy	midfielder
present in work	Lynette Scavo is a fictional character and one of the four main protagonists on the series Desperate Housewives.	Lynette Scavo	Desperate Housewives
present in work	Jia Tanchun (Chinese: 賈探春; Pinyin: Jiǎ Tànchūn) is the younger half-sister of Jia Baoyu and a major character in the Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber.	Jia Tanchun	Dream of the Red Chamber
present in work	Na'Toth is a fictional character in the universe of the science fiction television series Babylon 5.	Na'Toth	Babylon 5
present in work	Eve Dallas is the main character of the In Death novels, a futuristic (circa 2058 AD) romance-mystery series by J.D. Robb, pseudonym for author Nora Roberts.	Eve Dallas	In Death
present in work	This short gospel records few of Jesus' words or teachings.	Jesus	gospel
present in work	Charles Widmore is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost, which chronicles the lives of over forty people after their plane crashes on a remote island somewhere in the south Pacific.	Charles Widmore	Lost
present in work	Mr. Eko Tunde is a fictional character, played by Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje on the ABC television series Lost.	Mr. Eko	Lost
present in work	Fred VII is a fictional character in the G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero comic book, a member of the Crimson Guard, the elite Cobra combat and covert operations/infiltration force.	Fred VII	G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero
present in work	Wiglaf (Old English pronunciation: (ˈwiɣlɑf)) is a character in the Anglo-Saxon epic poem Beowulf.	Wiglaf	Beowulf
present in work	Clarissa von Anstetten (née Prozeski and formerly Kaufmann) is a fictional character on German soap opera Verbotene Liebe (Forbidden Love).	Clarissa von Anstetten	Verbotene Liebe
present in work	King Claudius is a fictional character and the primary antagonist of William Shakespeare's tragedy Hamlet.	King Claudius	Hamlet
present in work	Elle Greenaway is a fictional character from the CBS crime drama Criminal Minds, portrayed by Lola Glaudini throughout the first season and the beginning of the second season.	Elle Greenaway	Criminal Minds
present in work	Coilus was a legendary king of the Britons during the time of the Roman occupation of Britain as recounted in Geoffrey of Monmouth's pseudohistorical Historia Regum Britanniae.	Coilus	Historia Regum Britanniae
present in work	Later, following escalating Transformer activity on Earth (as seen in The Transformers: Devastation), and losing control of their other captive Transformers Ravage and Laserbeak, Skywatch reactivated Grimlock as a response.	Grimlock	The Transformers
present in work	Shang Tsung is a fictional boss and player character from the Mortal Kombat series.	Shang Tsung	Mortal Kombat
present in work	Kelly Boulter was a fictional character in the UK soap opera Family Affairs, played by Carryl Thomas from 2003 until 2005.	Kelly Boulter	Family Affairs
present in work	Anna Milton is a fictional character portrayed by actress Julie McNiven on The CW Television Network's drama and horror television series Supernatural.	Anna Milton	Supernatural
present in work	Gehazi, Geichazi, or Giezi (Douay-Rheims) (Hebrew: גֵּיחֲזִי; Tiberian: Gêḥăzî; Standard: Geẖazi; ``valley of vision'') is a figure found in the Books of Kings in the Hebrew Bible.	Gehazi	Bible
present in work	Sun Wukong, also known as the Monkey King, is a main character in the Chinese classical novel Journey to the West.	Sun Wukong	Journey to the West
present in work	Tobias Beecher is a main character on the television show Oz, played by Lee Tergesen.	Tobias Beecher	Oz
present in work	Arthur Branch is a fictional character on the TV crime drama Law & Order and one of its spinoffs, Law & Order:	Arthur Branch	Law & Order
present in work	Hercule Poirot Investigates.	Hercule Poirot	Poirot Investigates
present in work	Deathsaurus (officially called Deszaras in Japan) is a fictional character in the animated series Transformers:	Deathsaurus	Transformers
present in work	Julia Morrisey Larrabee is a fictional character played by Sarah Brown from August 2004 to March 2005 on the soap opera As the World Turns.	Julia Morrisey Larrabee	As the World Turns
present in work	John Stape is a fictional character from the British soap opera, Coronation Street, played by actor Graeme Hawley.	John Stape	Coronation Street
present in work	Manoah (Hebrew: מָנ֫וֹחַ‎ Mānōwaḥ) is a figure from Judges 13:1-23 and 14:2-4 of the Hebrew Bible.	Manoah	Bible
present in work	Pussy Galore is a fictional character in the 1959 Ian Fleming James Bond novel Goldfinger and the 1964 film of the same name.	Pussy Galore	Goldfinger
present in work	Ultra Magnus is the name of several fictional characters from the various Transformers storylines, generally appearing as a chief lieutenant of Optimus Prime.	Ultra Magnus	Transformers
present in work	In the Hebrew Bible, Agag is also referred to as the king of Amalek who was defeated by King Saul in fulfillment of a decree by YHVH.	Agag	Bible
present in work	San Theodoros is a fictional country in The Adventures of Tintin, the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.	San Theodoros	The Adventures of Tintin
present in work	Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell are fictional characters and a supercouple from the Australian soap opera Neighbours.	Scott Robinson and Charlene Mitchell	Neighbours
present in work	The only female judge mentioned in the Bible, Deborah led a successful counterattack against the forces of Jabin king of Canaan and his military commander Sisera; the narrative is recounted in chapter 4.	Deborah	Bible
present in work	Sir Hugo Drax is a fictional character created by author Ian Fleming for the 1955 James Bond novel Moonraker.	Hugo Drax	Moonraker
present in work	Zack Allan is a character in the fictional universe of the science-fiction television series Babylon 5, played by Jeff Conaway.	Zack Allan	Babylon 5
present in work	Perceptor returned in the third series of G.I. Joe vs. The Transformers.	Perceptor	The Transformers
present in work	Vinea is a fictional planet that appears in the Yoko Tsuno graphic novel series by Roger Leloup.	Vinea	Yoko Tsuno
publication date	Rani Maharani is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. Ramamurthy, starring Ambarish, Shashikumar and Malashri in lead roles.	Rani Maharani	1990
publication date	Color Me Olsen is an 18-minute 2007 short independent film directed and written by Darren Stein.	Color Me Olsen	2007
publication date	Tehran Has No More Pomegranates! (Persian: تهران انار ندارد‎) is a 2006 musical-comedy Iranian Crystal Simorgh award-winning film produced, directed and written by Massoud Bakhshi.	Tehran Has No More Pomegranates!	2006
publication date	Under Heavy Fire, also known as Going Back, is a 2001 American feature war film.	Under Heavy Fire	2001
publication date	Endrendrum Punnagai (English: Everlasting Smile) is a 2013 Indian Tamil coming-of-age film written and directed by I. Ahmed starring Jiiva, Trisha Krishnan, Vinay Rai and Santhanam.	Endrendrum Punnagai	2013
publication date	Thayamma is a 1991 Tamil-language Indian feature film directed by Gopi Bhimsingh, starring Pandiyan, Anand Babu and Babu with Geetha and Oru Thalai Ragam Shankar.	Thayamma	1991
publication date	Ligo na Ü, Lapit na Me (Star Crossed Love) (literal translation: Take a Shower, I'm Almost Near) is an independent Filipino movie released on July 2011 through Noel Ferrer Productions.	Ligo na Ü, Lapit na Me	2011
publication date	Sorga Ka Toedjoe ((ˈsɔrɡa kə ˈtudʒu); vernacular Malay for Seventh Heaven; also advertised under the Dutch title In Den Zevenden Hemel) is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) directed by Joshua and Othniel Wong for Tan's Film.	Sorga Ka Toedjoe	1940
publication date	Gehri Chaal is a 1973 Bollywood Action thriller film, produced & directed by C.V. Sridhar on Chithrakala Pictures banner.	Gehri Chaal	1973
publication date	Kalaya Tasmai Namaha is a 2012 Kannada Crime drama movie directed and written by Chandrashekar Shrivastav.	Kalaya Tasmai Namaha	2012
publication date	Gigolo Wannabe (also known as Waters (ウォーターズ)) is a comedy genre film, released March 11, 2006.	Gigolo Wannabe	2006
publication date	Mohabbat Ki Kasauti also called Rooplekha in Bengali was a 1934 Indian ``semi-historical'' bilingual film in Hindi and Bengali, directed by P. C. Barua for New Theatres.	Mohabbat Ki Kasauti	1934
publication date	Door, Door is the debut album by Australian rock band The Birthday Party, released under the name ``The Boys Next Door'' in 1979.	Door, Door	1979
publication date	Water, Water Every Hare is a Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1952 featuring Bugs Bunny and Gossamer.	Water, Water Every Hare	1952
publication date	Blue Demon contra las diabólicas (also known as Blue Demon vs. the Infernal Brains) is a 1966 (various sources also say 1967) Mexican horror film.	Blue Demon contra las diabólicas	1967
publication date	Thaali Bhagyam (Tamil: தாலி பாக்கியம்) is a Tamil film is directed by K. B. Nagabhushanam released in 1966.	Thaali Bhagyam	1966
publication date	El Apóstol (Spanish: ``The Apostle'') was a 1917 Argentine animated film utilizing cutout animation, and the world's first animated feature film.	El Apóstol	1917
publication date	The Magic Aster (马兰花; Ma Lan Hua) is a Chinese animated film released June 19, 2009 by Shanghai Animation Film Studio, Xiamen Shangchen Science and Technology company and the Shanghai Chengtai investment management company.	The Magic Aster	2009
publication date	Cheikhei was released at MSFDS on 13 December 2015.	Cheikhei	13 December 2015
publication date	My Lady Incog is a 1916 American silent film produced by Famous Players Film Company and distributed by Paramount.	My Lady Incog	1916
publication date	Chaarulatha (also spelled as Charulatha) is a 2012 Indian horror film simultaneously made in Kannada and Tamil languages.	Chaarulatha	2012
publication date	Before the Music Dies (B4MD) is a 2006 U.S. documentary film that criticizes the American music industry and the increasing commercialization of the art of music over the past thirty years.	Before the Music Dies	2006
publication date	Riders to the Stars is a 1954 independently made American color science fiction film produced by Ivan Tors Productions and released by United Artists.	Riders to the Stars	1954
publication date	Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum (English: This Too Shall Pass) is a 2014 Indian Tamil tragedy drama film directed by the debutants Anil Krishnan and Srihari Prabaharan.	Idhuvum Kadandhu Pogum	2014
publication date	Three Minute Moments is a 2007 British comedy feature film about speed dating.	Three Minute Moments	2007
publication date	Nethaji is a 1996 Tamil action film directed by Murthy Krishna.	Nethaji	1996
publication date	A Small Ball Shot by a Midget (Hangul: 난장이가 쏘아올린 작은 공; RR: Nanjeongiga soaolrin jakeun kong) is a 1981 South Korean film by Lee Won-se based on the same-titled novel by Cho Se-hui.	A Small Ball Shot by a Midget	1981
publication date	From the Top Down is a 2006 British documentary film about the management and governance of the University of Sussex.	From the Top Down	2006
publication date	Vaalu (English: Naughty) is an 2015 Indian Tamil-language action comedy film written and directed by debutant Vijay Chandar.	Vaalu	2015
publication date	Donald's Cousin Gus is a 1939 Walt Disney cartoon in which Donald Duck is visited by his gluttonous cousin, Gus Goose, who proceeds to eat Donald out of house and home.	Donald's Cousin Gus	1939
publication date	Revenge of the Mutant Camels was announced in the Dec 1983/Jan 1984 issue of Commodore Horizons with a prospective release for mid-December 1984.	Revenge of the Mutant Camels	1984
publication date	The Hawk Is Dying is a 2006 film based on the book by Harry Crews.	The Hawk Is Dying	2006
publication date	Carousel of Variety (Italian:Carosello del varieta) is a 1955 Italian musical film directed by Aldo Bonaldi and Aldo Quinti and featuring a number of performers in a revue-style show.	Carousel of Variety	1955
publication date	Captain Starlight, or Gentleman of the Road is a 1911 Australian silent film about the bushranger Captain Starlight.	Captain Starlight, or Gentleman of the Road	1911
publication date	The Andromeda Nebula (Russian: Туманность Андромеды) is a 1967 Soviet Science fiction film starring Sergei Stolyarov and directed by Yevgeni Sherstobitov at the Dovzhenko Film Studios.	The Andromeda Nebula	1967
publication date	Killer Constable (Chinese: 萬人斬; aka Lightning Kung Fu or Karate Exterminators) is a 1980 Hong Kong martial arts-action film directed by Chih-Hung Kwei and released by Shaw Brothers.	Killer Constable	1980
publication date	Teav Aek (Khmer: ទាវឯក) is a 1972 Khmer film directed by Biv Chai Leang.	Teav Aek	1972
publication date	The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok (1938) is a Columbia movie serial.	The Great Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok	1938
publication date	Blacksmith Scene (also known as Blacksmith Scene #1 and Blacksmithing Scene) is an 1893 American short black-and-white silent film directed by William K.L. Dickson, the Scottish-French inventor who, while under the employ of Thomas Edison, developed the first fully functional motion picture camera.	Blacksmith Scene	1893
publication date	Ungu Violet (Ultra Violet) is a 2005 Indonesian film, directed by Rako Prijanto.	Ungu Violet	2005
publication date	Our Own Oslo (Icelandic: Okkar eigin Osló) is a 2011 Icelandic comedy film directed by Reynir Lyngdal.	Our Own Oslo	2011
publication date	Shiva Sainya (Kannada: ಶಿವ ಸೈನ್ಯ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada action drama film directed by Shivamani and produced by Y. S. Ramesh.	Shiva Sainya	1996
publication date	We Are the Marines is a 1942 full-length documentary film produced by The March of Time.	We Are the Marines	1942
publication date	Charlotte's Foot (Polish: U stóp Szarloty) is a 2012 Polish comedy-drama film.	Charlotte's Foot	2012
publication date	Dragon Lee vs. The Five Brothers is a 1978 Bruceploitation martial arts film starring Dragon Lee.	Dragon Lee vs. The Five Brothers	1978
publication date	Boy Interrupted is a 2009 documentary feature film about the suicide in 2005 of Evan Perry, a 15-year-old boy from New York.	Boy Interrupted	2009
publication date	My Kind of Blues is the sixth studio album released by B. B. King in 1961.	My Kind of Blues	1961
publication date	Matando Cabos (Killing Cabos) is a 2004 Mexican film directed by Alejandro Lozano in close partnership with long-time friend Tony Dalton.	Matando Cabos	2004
publication date	Rakta Charitra (English: Blood History) is a 2010 two-part Indian bilingual biographical crime film based on the life of Paritala Ravindra , and Maddela Cheruvu Suri.	Rakta Charitra	2010
publication date	Sambhrama (Kannada: ಸಂಭ್ರಮ) is a 1999 Kannada romantic film directed by Mahesh Sukhadare and produced by Srinivasa Combines banner.	Sambhrama	1999
publication date	Chicha tu madre is a 2006 Argentine and Peruvian drama film directed by Gianfranco Quattrini.	Chicha tu madre	2006
publication date	Puberun is an Assamese language film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee of Kolkata and released in 1959.	Puberun	1959
publication date	Down to the Dirt is a 2008 film based upon Newfoundland author Joel Hynes' first novel of the same name.	Down to the Dirt	2008
publication date	Truant Officer Donald is an animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on August 1, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.	Truant Officer Donald	1941
publication date	Kuiba (Chinese: 魁拔) or Greatbug is a 2011 Chinese animated film.	Kuiba	2011
publication date	Wolf Girl (alternate title Blood Moon) is a 2001 Canadian/American horror thriller about a girl who travels with a freak show because of her rare genetic disorder called hypertrichosis.	Wolf Girl	2001
publication date	The Return of Jafar (also known as Aladdin 2: The Return of Jafar) is a 1994 American animated film that is a direct-to-video sequel to the 1992 animated film Aladdin, both produced by The Walt Disney Company.	The Return of Jafar	1994
publication date	Homely Meals is a 2014 Malayalam film written by Vipin Atley and directed by Anoop Kannan (who previously directed Jawan of Vellimala), starring Vipin Atley, Rajesh Sharma, Neeraj Madhav and Srinda Ashab.	Homely Meals	2014
publication date	Mud, Bloody Mud is a 1985 Australian TV movie based on a popular comic strip, Bluey and Curley.	Mud, Bloody Mud	1985
publication date	Ride on Stranger is a 1979 Australian mini series about a woman in the 1930s.	Ride on Stranger	1979
publication date	I Was Born, But... (Japanese: 大人の見る絵本 生れてはみたけれど Otona no miru ehon - Umarete wa mita keredo ``An Adult's Picture Book View -- I Was Born, But...'') is a 1932 black-and-white Japanese silent film directed by Yasujiro Ozu.	I Was Born, But...	1932
publication date	Nearly two years later, in August 2007, Kelly and Jive released ten more chapters on another Trapped in the Closet DVD.	Trapped in the Closet	2007
publication date	Supercroc is a 2007 movie about a 50-foot crocodile which is running rampant through American cities.	Supercroc	2007
publication date	Ammavin Kaipesi was among 2012 Deepavali releases and was released along with Podaa Podi and Thuppakki receiving mixed to positive reviews.	Ammavin Kaipesi	2012
publication date	Savage Justice is a 1988 action film shot in the Philippines.	Savage Justice	1988
publication date	You Ruined My Life is a 1987 television film directed by David Ashwell.	You Ruined My Life	1987
publication date	Mangalyam Tantunanena (Kannada: ಮಾಂಗಲ್ಯಂ ತಂತುನಾನೇನ) is a 1998 Indian Kannada language romantic drama film directed by V. S. Reddy and produced by Allu Aravind.	Mangalyam Tantunanena	1998
publication date	Gia mia houfta touvla (Greek: Για μια χούφτα τούβλα) is a 1987 Greek comedy film which was released straight to video.	Gia mia houfta touvla	1987
publication date	Moongirl is an animated short produced in 2005 by Laika.	Moongirl	2005
publication date	Soft Fruit is a 1999 drama about a dying mother, and her children who come together to fulfill her last wishes.	Soft Fruit	1999
publication date	Pesarattu is a 2015 Telugu language romantic comedy film directed by Mahesh Kathi.	Pesarattu	2015
publication date	Queen of the Mountain is a 2005 documentary about Theresa Goell, a middleaged woman who, in 1947, left her husband and son to dig beneath the Sanctuary of Nemrud Dagh.	Queen of the Mountain	2005
publication date	Huli Hebbuli (Kannada: ಹುಲಿ ಹೆಬ್ಬುಲಿ) is a 1987 Kannada action film directed by Vijay and written by Shanmuga Sundaram.	Huli Hebbuli	1987
publication date	Little Ashes is a 2008 Spanish-British drama film set against the backdrop of Spain during the 1920s and 1930s, as three of the era's most creative young talents meet at university and set off on a course to change their world.	Little Ashes	2008
publication date	Although most scholars consider A Free Ride a 1915 film, some sources claim that it was produced later.	A Free Ride	1915
publication date	The Young Millionaire is a 1912 short silent film drama.	The Young Millionaire	1912
publication date	B.S. I Love You is an American comedy-drama film from 1971.	B.S. I Love You	1971
publication date	The Art of Listening is a 1994 book on psychology by psychoanalyst Erich Fromm.	The Art of Listening	1994
publication date	Aw Aaakare Aa (Odia: ଅ ଆକାେର ଆ) is a 2003 Indian Oriya film directed by Subash Das,This film reflects change in the present education system and projected another very sensitive issue -- the drudgery and defeatism of modern education system	Aw Aaakare Aa	2003
publication date	The Major is the first BBC natural history documentary film to be made in colour, though it was originally screened, in 1963, in black and white, as colour television broadcasts did not begin in the United Kingdom until 1967.	The Major	1963
publication date	Strangler vs. Strangler (Serbian: Давитељ против давитеља / Davitelj protiv davitelja) is a 1984 Yugoslav film featuring elements of comedy, thriller and horror genres.	Strangler vs. Strangler	1984
publication date	Not Angels But Angels is a 1994 documentary film about young men in Prague working as prostitutes.	Not Angels But Angels	1994
publication date	Switchblade Sisters is a 1975 action and exploitation film detailing the lives of high school-aged female gang members.	Switchblade Sisters	1975
publication date	Wyatt Earp's Old West is a computer game developed by Grolier Electronic Publishing in 1994 for the IBM PC.	Wyatt Earp's Old West	1994
publication date	A Taste of Romance is a 2012 Hallmark Channel original movie directed by Lee Rose from a screenplay by Jennifer Notas.	A Taste of Romance	2012
publication date	Manassiddare Marga (Kannada: ಮನಸ್ಸಿದ್ದರೆ ಮಾರ್ಗ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film, directed by M. R. Vittal and produced by Srikanth Nahatha and Srikanth Patel.	Manassiddare Marga	1967
publication date	The Purifiers is a 2004 action film directed by Richard Jobson, and starring Dominic Monaghan.	The Purifiers	2004
publication date	Kitne Door Kitne Paas (कितने दूर कितने पास) (English: How Far How Near) is a Hindi film released in 2002.	Kitne Door Kitne Paas	2002
publication date	Kunthi Puthra (Kannada: ಕುಂತೀ ಪುತ್ರ) is a 1994 Indian Kannada film, directed and produced by Vijay.	Kunthi Puthra	1994
publication date	The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit (Japanese: ギララの逆襲／洞爺湖サミット危機一発 Girara no Gyakushū: Tōyako Samitto Kiki Ippatsu, meaning ``Guilala Strikes Back: the Tōyako Summit Attack Crisis'') is a 2008 independent Japanese Kaiju comedy film, released by Shochiku and produced by the Guilala Production Committee.	The Monster X Strikes Back/Attack the G8 Summit	2008
publication date	History of Fear (Spanish: Historia del Miedo) is a 2014 Argentine drama film directed by Benjamín Naishtat.	History of Fear	2014
publication date	The Mystery of the Third Planet (Russian: Тайна третьей планеты, Tayna tretyey planety), aka The Secret of the Third Planet is a 1981 Soviet traditionally animated feature film directed by Roman Kachanov and produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow.	The Mystery of the Third Planet	1981
publication date	Gentille Alouette is a 1990 French-Chilean film written and directed by Sergio Castillo.	Gentille Alouette	1990
publication date	Anna's Sin (Italian: Il peccato di Anna) is a 1952 Italian drama film.	Anna's Sin	1952
publication date	Theatre of Death (also known as Blood Fiend) is a 1967 British horror movie.	Theatre of Death	1967
publication date	Four Eyed Monsters, a film by Susan Buice and Arin Crumley premiered at the slamdance film festival in 2005.	Four Eyed Monsters	2005
publication date	When Puppets and Dolls Attack! is a 2004 horror DVD containing clips of kills from every Full Moon Features film about killer puppets, dolls, and toys.	When Puppets and Dolls Attack!	2004
publication date	Your Pilot's License is a book published in 2003 by Jerry A. Eichenberger.	Your Pilot's License	2003
publication date	Angadikkappurathu is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film, directed by IV Sasi and produced by Rosamma George.	Angadikkappurathu	1985
publication date	The Mudge Boy is a 2003 American drama film produced by Showtime.	The Mudge Boy	2003
publication date	Africa Adventure is a 1954 American documentary film which follows a safari around East Africa, led by big-game hunter Robert C. Ruark.	Africa Adventure	1954
publication date	``Death on the Rock'' was a controversial television documentary produced by Thames Television as part of the current affairs series This Week, and broadcast on ITV on 28 April 1988.	Death on the Rock	1988
publication date	Antônia is a 2006 Brazilian drama musical film which tells the story of Antônia, an Afro-Brazilian hip-hop girl group formed by four young women living on a favela of São Paulo.	Antônia	2006
publication date	The Legend of the Evil Lake (Hangul: 천년호; RR: Cheonnyeonho) is a 2003 South Korean fantasy/horror film directed by Lee Kwang-hoon.	The Legend of the Evil Lake	2003
publication date	A Tale of Legendary Libido (Hangul: 가루지기; RR: Garujigi) is a 2008 South Korean film.	A Tale of Legendary Libido	2008
publication date	Hier encore je t’espérais toujours is a Canadian 2008 documentary film.	Hier encore je t’espérais toujours	2008
publication date	The Other Bank (Georgian: გაღმა ნაპირი) is a 2009 Georgian drama film directed by Giorgi Ovashvili.	The Other Bank	2009
publication date	Battle for Terra, originally screened as Terra, is a 2007 American 3D computer animated action-adventure science fiction drama thriller film, based on a short film of the same name about a peaceful alien planet which faces destruction from colonization by the displaced remainder of the human race.	Battle for Terra	2007
publication date	At Middleton is a 2013 American romantic comedy film directed by Adam Rodgers and starring Vera Farmiga, Andy García, Taissa Farmiga, and Spencer Lofranco.	At Middleton	2013
publication date	So Goes My Love (released as A Genius in the Family in the UK) is an American 1946 comedy film, produced by Universal Pictures.	So Goes My Love	1946
publication date	One Stone Two Birds (Pinyin: Yi Shi Er Niao) is a 2005 Taiwanese film directed by Chu Yin-Ping.	One Stone Two Birds	2005
publication date	You Ought to Be in Pictures is a 1940 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes short film featuring Porky Pig and Daffy Duck.	You Ought to Be in Pictures	1940
publication date	The Duel of the Century is a 1981 Hong Kong film adapted from Juezhan Qianhou of Gu Long's Lu Xiaofeng novel series.	The Duel of the Century	1981
publication date	The C.H.A.O.S. Continuum is a pre-rendered computer adventure game developed by Dash Digital and published by Creative Multimedia Corporation in 1993.	The C.H.A.O.S. Continuum	1993
publication date	Zarathrusta is a 1991 computer game for the Amiga, developed by The Whiz Kidz and published by Hewson Consultants.	Zarathrusta	1991
publication date	The Life and Death of a Porno Gang (Serbian: Život i smrt porno bande) is a 2009 Serbian horror film following a group of travelling sex show performers and pornographic filmmakers who are lured into making snuff films.	The Life and Death of a Porno Gang	2009
publication date	The Last of the Secret Agents? is a 1966 American film that spoofs the spy film genre, starring the then-popular comedy team of Allen & Rossi.	The Last of the Secret Agents?	1966
publication date	Gulliver Mickey is a black and white Mickey Mouse short, produced by Walt Disney and released by United Artists in 1934.	Gulliver Mickey	1934
publication date	Agraharathil Kazhutai (English: Donkey in the Brahmin ghetto) is a 1977 Tamil language film.	Agraharathil Kazhutai	1977
publication date	Québec-Montréal is a Canadian comedy film, released in 2002.	Québec-Montréal	2002
publication date	In 1926 the novel The Snake's Skin was published for the first time in Georgian, the language in which it was originally written.	The Snake's Skin	1926
publication date	Plastic Utopia is a 1997 independent comedy written by David and Nathan Zellner.	Plastic Utopia	1997
publication date	Zhuangzi Tests His Wife (Chinese: 莊子試妻; pinyin: Zhuangzi shi qi) is a 1913 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Minwei.	Zhuangzi Tests His Wife	1913
publication date	Consuming Spirits is a 2012 American animated drama film directed by Chris Sullivan and his directorial debut.	Consuming Spirits	2012
publication date	Biligiriya Banadalli (Kannada: ಬಿಳಿಗಿರಿಯ ಬನದಲ್ಲಿ) is a 1980 Indian Kannada film, directed by Siddalingaiah and produced by Smt Jayadevi.	Biligiriya Banadalli	1980
publication date	Soul of the Game is a 1996 made-for-television movie about Negro league baseball.	Soul of the Game	1996
publication date	Zameen Aasman (Urdu Punjabi Double version زمین آسمان) is a 1994 Pakistani drama film action film.	Zameen Aasman	1994
publication date	They Paid With Their Blood (Turkish: Kanlariyla Ödediler) is a 1955 Turkish drama film directed by Osman F. Seden.	They Paid With Their Blood	1955
publication date	Chithrakuzhal (Malayalam: ചിത്രക്കുഴൽ) is a 2010 Malayalam film directed by Majeed Gulistan.	Chithrakuzhal	2010
publication date	A La Cabaret is a 1916 silent comedy short directed and written by Walter Wright.	A La Cabaret	1916
publication date	Mr. Justice Raffles was a 1909 novel written by E.W. Hornung.	Mr. Justice Raffles	1909
publication date	Nightwatching is a 2007 film about the artist Rembrandt and the creation of his painting The Night Watch.	Nightwatching	2007
publication date	``Vi kan gunga'' is a song written by Niklas Edberger, Johan Fransson and Tim Larsson, Tobias Lundgren, and performed by Jimmy Jansson at Melodifestivalen 2005.	Vi kan gunga	2005
publication date	Auto Brothers is a 1999 Indian Malayalam film, directed by Nissar, starring Ashokan and Chandni in the lead role.	Auto Brothers	1999
publication date	I Don't Give a Damn (Hebrew: לא שם זין‎, translit. Lo Sam Zayin) is a 1987 Israeli drama film directed by Shmuel Imberman, and starring Ika Zohar, Anat Waxman, and Shmuel Vilozni.	I Don't Give a Damn	1987
publication date	Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street Irregulars was a 2007 BBC television drama about Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street Irregulars, a gang of children who would occasionally help him.	Sherlock Holmes and the Baker Street Irregulars	2007
publication date	Alive: 20 Years Later is a 1993 documentary film produced, directed and written by Jill Fullerton-Smith and narrated by Martin Sheen.	Alive: 20 Years Later	1993
publication date	Locos por la música(English: Crazy for the music) is a 1980 Argentine film directed by Henry Dawi.	Locos por la música	1980
publication date	How William Shatner Changed the World (or How Techies Changed the World with William Shatner in Europe, Asia, and Australia) is a 2005 two-hour television documentary, commissioned by Discovery Channel Canada and co-produced for History Channel in the United States and Channel Five in the United Kingdom.	How William Shatner Changed the World	2005
publication date	The Texas Promise is a 2014 documentary film about public education in Texas.	The Texas Promise	2014
publication date	Sydney's Darlings is a 1926 Australian silent film set in the world of yachting.	Sydney's Darlings	1926
publication date	Hackers Are People Too is a 2008 documentary film about the hacker community, written and directed by Ashley Shwartau.	Hackers Are People Too	2008
publication date	La Grande Bouffe (Italian: La grande abbuffata, English: The Grande Bouffe and Blow-Out) is a 1973 French--	La Grande Bouffe	1973
publication date	Hum Pyar Tumhi Se Kar Baithe is a 2002 Indian Bollywood film directed by Mohan Singh Rathor and produced by Ratan Jain.	Hum Pyar Tumhi Se Kar Baithe	2002
publication date	The Middle Course is a low budget 1961 British war film.	Middle Course	1961
publication date	Mother Goose Goes Hollywood is a 1938 animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.	Mother Goose Goes Hollywood	1938
publication date	The Utopian Society is a film made in 2003, re-released by Warner Brothers in 2008.	The Utopian Society	2003
publication date	Balzaminov's Marriage (Russian: Женитьба Бальзаминова) is a 1964 Soviet comedy film directed by Konstantin Voynov.	Balzaminov's Marriage	1964
publication date	Samantharam (English: Parallel) is a 1985 Malayalam film by John C. Sankaramangalam.	Samantharam	1985
publication date	The program was first released on 6 October 1999 when Johansen posted an announcement of DeCSS 1.1b, a closed source Windows-only application for DVD ripping, on the livid-dev mailing list.	DeCSS	6 October 1999
publication date	The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes is a 1968 Canadian short film featuring a humorous geography lesson, in which a canoeist travels abruptly through time as he crosses the Great Lakes, experiencing cataclysmic changes in different eras.	The Rise and Fall of the Great Lakes	1968
publication date	Half-Fare Hare is a 1956 animated Merrie Melodies cartoon featuring Bugs Bunny.	Half-Fare Hare	1956
publication date	North 24 Kaatham is a 2013 Indian Malayalam road movie written and directed by debutante Anil Radhakrishnan Menon.	North 24 Kaatham	2013
publication date	Doppia coppia con Regina (Spanish title: Alta tensión) is a 1972 Spanish-Italian film.	Doppia coppia con Regina	1972
publication date	The Time, the Place and the Girl is a 1929 American black-and-white musical film, based on the 1907 musical play of the same name.	The Time, the Place and the Girl	1929
publication date	Chastity Bites is a 2013 comedy-horror film written by Lotti Pharriss Knowles and directed by John V. Knowles.	Chastity Bites	2013
publication date	Free to Choose (1980) is a book and a ten-part television series broadcast on public television by economists Milton and Rose D. Friedman that advocates free market principles.	Free to Choose	1980
publication date	Mother Fish held its world premiere at the 2009 Sydney Film Festival where it was also in Official Competition.	Mother Fish	2009
publication date	They were revised and combined into one volume, Queen of Camelot, in 2002.	Queen of Camelot	2002
publication date	Go After an Easy Prey (Chinese: 瓮中捉鳖) is a Chinese animated film in black and white from 1948.	Go After an Easy Prey	1948
publication date	Targeting Iran is a 2013 documentary film ``designed to help Western audiences understand the complexities of historic and contemporary U.S./Iranian relations in an effort to derail potential military action.''	Targeting Iran	2013
publication date	Intersexion (2012) is a documentary about intersex people.	Intersexion	2012
publication date	Christmas with a Capital C is a 2010 Christian drama direct-to-DVD film directed by Helmut Schleppi.	Christmas with a Capital C	2010
publication date	35-åringen is a 1989 album from Swedish pop and rock artist Magnus Uggla.T he album was awarded a Rockbjörnen award in the category ``Swedish record of the year''.	35-åringen	1989
publication date	Nadigai is a 2008 Tamil film released on 28 November 2008.	Nadigai	2008
publication date	Joe Palooka, Champ is a 1946 American film featuring the popular comic-strip boxer Joe Palooka.	Joe Palooka, Champ	1946
publication date	Mr. Robinson Crusoe is a 1932 Pre-Code American film.	Mr. Robinson Crusoe	1932
publication date	The Petrov Affair is a 1987 mini series based on the defection of Vladimir Petrov.	The Petrov Affair	1987
publication date	The Reluctant Saint is a 1962 film which tells a somewhat fictionalized version of the story of Joseph of Cupertino, a 17th-century Italian Conventual Franciscan friar and mystic who is honored as a saint by the Catholic Church.	The Reluctant Saint	1962
publication date	My Valentine Girls is a film released in 2011.	My Valentine Girls	2011
publication date	Flying Padre is a 1951 short subject black-and-white documentary film.	Flying Padre	1951
publication date	My Japan is a 1945 American anti-Japanese propaganda short film produced to spur sale of American war bonds.	My Japan	1945
publication date	Driver Ramudu (Telugu: డ్రైవర్ రాముడు) is a 1979 Telugu action-drama film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao.	Driver Ramudu	1979
publication date	Dattha (Kannada: ದತ್ತ) is a 2006 Kannada action film directed by Chi Guru Dutt and written by Janardhan Maharshi.	Dattha	2006
publication date	Sasanam is a 2006 Tamil drama film directed by Mahendran.	Sasanam	2006
publication date	Queen II is the second studio album by British rock group Queen, released on 8 March 1974.	Queen II	8 March 1974
publication date	Chan Varyam (Punjabi: چن ور یأم) is a 1981 Pakistani action film.	Chan Varyam	1981
publication date	Chai Lai (Thai: ไฉไล, English title: Dangerous Flowers and also known as Chai Lai's Angels) is a 2006 Thai action film about five female top-secret crimefighters, each with the codename of a flower, Lotus, Hibiscus, Rose, Spadix and Crown of Thorns.	Chai Lai	2006
publication date	Tracked by the Police is a 1927 silent film produced and distributed by the Warner Bros. with a story written by Darryl Zanuck.	Tracked by the Police	1927
publication date	Mani di fata (Fairy hands) is a 1983 Italian comedy film directed by Steno.	Mani di fata	1983
publication date	Jalte Badan is a 1973 Bollywood drama film about the perils of drug addiction.	Jalte Badan	1973
publication date	D' Kilabots Pogi Brothers Weh?! is a 2012 Filipino romantic comedy film directed by Soxy Topacio.	D' Kilabots Pogi Brothers Weh?!	2012
publication date	The Twilight of Briareus placed tenth in the poll for the Locus Award for science-fiction novels of 1974.	The Twilight of Briareus	1974
publication date	Akropol (aka Acropole) is a 1995 musical film by Alco Films (with F.F. Film House Ltd, Greek Film Centre and ET 1).	Akropol	1995
publication date	Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal (Malayalam: നമുക്കു പാർക്കാൻ മുന്തിരിത്തോപ്പുകൾ, namukku pāṟkkāṉ muntirittōppukaḻ ?; translation: Vineyards for Us to Dwell In) is a 1986 Malayalam-language Indian feature film directed by Padmarajan.	Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal	1986
publication date	Death in High Heels is a 1947 British crime film directed by Lionel Tomlinson and starring Don Stannard, Elsa Tee and Veronica Rose.	Death in High Heels	1947
publication date	Our Time Is Up is a 2004 live action short film, written and directed by Rob Pearlstein.	Our Time Is Up	2004
publication date	Xuxa Gêmeas is a 2006 Brazilian children's film directed by Jorge Fernando and starring by Xuxa Meneghel.	Xuxa Gêmeas	2006
publication date	The Dying Rooms is a 1995 television documentary film about Chinese state orphanages.	The Dying Rooms	1995
publication date	Cigarette Girl is a 2009 film written and directed by Mike McCarthy and starring Cori Dials, Ivy McLemore, Helen Bowman, and Danny Vinson.	Cigarette Girl	2009
publication date	D-War (Korean: 디워), is a 2007 South Korean fantasy action film released in North America as Dragon Wars:	D-War	2007
publication date	Shooting the Past is a television drama by Stephen Poliakoff, produced by TalkBack Productions for BBC Two and first shown in 1999.	Shooting the Past	1999
publication date	If the Huns Came to Melbourne is a 1916 Australian silent film directed by George Coates.	If the Huns Came to Melbourne	1916
publication date	It was released 27 October 2011 for Microsoft Windows, with its first official DLC, Take On Helicopters:	Take On Helicopters	27 October 2011
publication date	The Life of Harry Dare is a 1995 Australian film about an aboriginal detective.	The Life of Harry Dare	1995
publication date	A Teacher's Crime is a 2008 American-Canadian TV movie directed by Robert Malenfant.	A Teacher's Crime	2008
publication date	1st Rank Raju (Kannada: ೧ಸ್ಟ್ ರಾಂಕ್ ರಾಜು) is a 2015 Indian Kannada comedy drama film written and directed by Naresh Kumar HN in his debut, and produced by V. K. Manjunath.	1st Rank Raju	2015
publication date	Pallet on the Floor is a 1986 New Zealand made drama/comedy, based on the final novel by Ronald Hugh Morrieson.	Pallet on the Floor	1986
publication date	Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson (Russian: Шерлок Холмс и доктор Ватсон) is a 1979 Soviet film adaptation of Arthur Conan Doyle's novels about Sherlock Holmes.	Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson	1979
publication date	The Bizarre Country (Serbian: Neka čudna zemlja, Нека чудна земља) is a 1988 former Yugoslav drama/fantasy film based on the satirical novellas Stradija and Danga, written by Serbian writer Radoje Domanović.	The Bizarre Country	1988
publication date	Barbie of Swan Lake is a 2003 direct-to-DVD Barbie movie directed by Owen Hurley.	Barbie of Swan Lake	2003
publication date	The Devil's Game (Hangul: 더 게임; RR: Deo Geim; lit. ``The Game'') is a 2008 South Korean film.	The Devil's Game	2008
publication date	China Cry is a 1990 biographical film set during rise of the communist state in China, based on the book by Nora Lam.	China Cry	1990
publication date	The Butterfly Room is a 2012 American-Italian thriller-horror film directed by Jonathan Zarantonello.	The Butterfly Room	2012
publication date	Completely Well is the seventeenth studio album by blues guitarist B. B. King released in 1969.	Completely Well	1969
publication date	Pavitra Bandham (English: Divine Relation) is a 1996 Telugu drama film produced by C.Venkataraju, G.Sivaraju on Geeta Chitra International banner, directed by Muthyala Subbaiah.	Pavitra Bandham	1996
publication date	Nieng Arp (Khmer:អាប), with an international title of Lady Vampire and also known as Vampire and Bodyless, is a 2004 Cambodian horror film.	Nieng Arp	2004
publication date	Just a Little Harmless Sex is a 1999 romantic comedy film which revolves around the offer of oral sex by a stranded motorist (and prostitute) to a monogamous man who stops to help her.	Just a Little Harmless Sex	1999
publication date	Top Floor, Left Wing (Dernier étage, gauche, gauche) is a 2010 French comedy film.	Top Floor, Left Wing	2010
publication date	The Grudge 3 is a 2009 American supernatural horror film and the third film in The Grudge series.	The Grudge 3	2009
publication date	Brooklyn Castle (2012) is a documentary film about Intermediate School 318, an inner-city public school in Brooklyn, New York.	Brooklyn Castle	2012
publication date	The Powers Girl, sometimes retitled Hello, Beautiful, is a 1943 musical comedy about women employed by John Robert Powers' modeling agency.	The Powers Girl	1943
publication date	``Catallena'' (Hangul: 까탈레나) is the third Korean single album, and sixth single overall by Orange Caramel, released 12 March 2014.	Catallena	12 March 2014
publication date	The production of the film took place earlier than Namewee's Nasi Lemak 2.0, but as Nasi Lemak 2.0 was released earlier, Petaling Street Warriors thus has become the second full-length movie Namewee would star in 2011.	Petaling Street Warriors	2011
publication date	Black Sun Rising, published in 1991, is a fantasy novel by C. S. Friedman.	Black Sun Rising	1991
publication date	Amnios is a 1991 computer game for the Amiga platform.	Amnios	1991
publication date	The Glory Years is a DVD from a rock group Gillan released in 2008 by Eagle Rock Entertainment.	The Glory Years	2008
publication date	Love Lives On is a fact-based TV film that aired on ABC on April 1, 1985.	Love Lives On	1985
publication date	Protecting the King is a 2007 American drama film starring Peter Dobson as Elvis Presley.	Protecting the King	2007
publication date	Heiko (2008) is a Portuguese short film, directed by David Bonneville and produced by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation.	Heiko	2008
publication date	Master of Zen is a 1994 Hong Kong film based on the legends surrounding the life of Bodhidharma.	Master of Zen	1994
publication date	The Stories of John Cheever is a 1978 short story collection by American author John Cheever.	The Stories of John Cheever	1978
publication date	O Fósforo Eleitoral (The Election Match) is an early silent Brazilian film, released in 1909.	O Fósforo Eleitoral	1909
publication date	11:14 is a 2003 American indie thriller.	11:14	2003
publication date	No Way to Heaven is a 2008 documentary feature about people allegedly living on light (Breatharianism), directed and produced by Swiss filmmakers Janos Tedeschi and Christof Schaefer.	No Way to Heaven	2008
publication date	Those Glory Glory Days is a 1983 British made-for-television film about football.	Those Glory Glory Days	1983
publication date	This meant that accommodating the extra filming request for First Orbit was yet another challenge for the ESA mission directors,'' he told BBC news in a March 2011 interview.	First Orbit	2011
publisher	Who Will Run the Frog Hospital? is the second novel by American author Lorrie Moore, published by Vintage Books in 1994.	Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?	Vintage Books
publisher	Llamatron is a computer game written by Jeff Minter of Llamasoft, and released as shareware in 1991 for the Atari ST. The game was converted to the Commodore Amiga and PC (DOS) the following year.	Llamatron	Jeff Minter
record label	Suffering Hour is the first album by the St Louis thrash/progressive metal band Anacrusis, released in 1988 on the European label Active Records.	Suffering Hour	Active Records
record label	Whorn is the eighth album by the Minneapolis-based noise rock band The Cows, released on March 26, 1996 by Amphetamine Reptile Records.	Whorn	Amphetamine Reptile Records
record label	Last Round is the seventh studio album by psychedelic folk band The Holy Modal Rounders, released in 1978 through Adelphi Records.	Last Round	Adelphi Records
record label	``Do I Love You (Indeed I Do)'' is a song and single by American soul singer Frank Wilson first pressed in 1965 on the Motown subsidiary label Soul.	Do I Love You (Indeed I Do)	Motown
record label	Turning Stones was Tzuke's only album to be released by Polydor Records.	Turning Stones	Polydor Records
record label	Boogity Boogity was Ray Stevens' eleventh studio album, released in 1974, as well as his sixth for Barnaby Records.	Boogity Boogity	Barnaby Records
record label	``4 Seasons of Loneliness'', to date, is the last number-one pop hit under the Motown records banner (Boyz II Men was the only Motown act to have number-one pop hits in the 1990s).	4 Seasons of Loneliness	Motown
record label	Bright Black Heaven is the second studio album by American electronica band Blaqk Audio, side project of Davey Havok and Jade Puget of AFI, released on September 11, 2012 under Superball Music's imprint Big Death.	Bright Black Heaven	Superball Music
record label	For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge (also known as F.U.C.K.) is the ninth studio album by American hard rock band Van Halen, released in 1991 on Warner Bros. Records.	For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Beautiful Intentions is the third solo album from singer-songwriter Melanie C. This is the first album release on Chisholm's self-founded label, Red Girl Records after parting ways with Virgin Records.	Beautiful Intentions	Red Girl Records
record label	In Case You're in Love is the third studio album by American pop duo Sonny & Cher, released in 1967 by Atco Records.	In Case You're in Love	Atco Records
record label	Still Bill is the second studio album by American soul musician Bill Withers, released in 1972 by Sussex Records.	Still Bill	Sussex Records
record label	90125 is the eleventh studio album from the English progressive rock band Yes, released on 7 November 1983 on Atco Records.	90125	Atco Records
record label	However, after the band was featured on the VH1 programme Bands Reunited in 2004, renewed interest in Kajagoogoo prompted EMI to re-issue the band's three studio albums including Crazy Peoples Right to Speak.	Crazy Peoples Right to Speak	EMI
record label	On the Way to the Peak of Normal is the third album by Holger Czukay, released in 1981 through Electrola.	On the Way to the Peak of Normal	Electrola
record label	The Altar and the Door is the third studio album by American Christian rock band Casting Crowns, released on August 28, 2007 on Beach Street Records and Reunion Records.	The Altar and the Door	Beach Street Records	Reunion Records
record label	``Retard Girl'' is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by vocalist and guitarist Courtney Love, and released as the band's debut single in April 1990 by Sympathy for the Record Industry.	Retard Girl	Sympathy for the Record Industry
record label	Rae Road is the first solo album of original music by Grand Central Records boss and DJ / musician, Mark Rae.	Rae Road	Grand Central Records
record label	Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat is an album by the band Carbon Leaf on the Vanguard Records label.	Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat	Vanguard Records
record label	Six Feet Above Yesterday is the first album by Infusion on Sony BMG.	Six Feet Above Yesterday	Sony BMG
record label	``Don't Follow'' is a song by American rock band Alice in Chains; it is the third single on the studio EP Jar of Flies released on January 25, 1994 through Columbia Records.	Don't Follow	Columbia Records
record label	The Original Delaney & Bonnie & Friends was released in July 1969 after Delaney & Bonnie had signed to Elektra Records.	The Original Delaney & Bonnie & Friends	Elektra Records
record label	``I Could Fall in Love'' is a song recorded by American Tejano singer Selena for her fifth studio album, Dreaming of You (1995), released posthumously by EMI Latin on June 26, 1995.	I Could Fall in Love	EMI Latin
record label	Room of Lights is the debut album of Crime & the City Solution, released on October 27, 1986 through Mute Records.	Room of Lights	Mute Records
record label	Fontessa is a 1956 album by the Modern Jazz Quartet released on Atlantic Records.	Fontessa	Atlantic Records
record label	Fair Ain't Fair is Tim Fite's second studio album released on ANTI- Records.	Fair Ain't Fair	ANTI-
record label	Welcome to the Woods is the third studio album by the American country music band The Lost Trailers, released on Universal/Republic Records on April 20, 2004.	Welcome to the Woods	Republic Records
record label	The Bright Mississippi is an album by New Orleans Jazz and R&B pianist Allen Toussaint released on Nonesuch Records in 2009.	The Bright Mississippi	Nonesuch Records
record label	After being signed by Hopeless Records, The Upsides was later reissued in a deluxe edition featuring four new songs.	The Upsides	Hopeless Records
record label	High Violet is the fifth studio album by The National, which was released on May 10, 2010 in Europe and on May 11, 2010 in North America via 4AD.	High Violet	4AD
record label	Tiny Mirrors is the first full-length recording by Sandro Perri under his own name, following an E.P. on Constellation Records.	Tiny Mirrors	Constellation Records
record label	German Afternoons was Prine's second release on Oh Boy Records, the independent label he formed with his manager Al Bunetta, and delves further into the country-flavored sound established on his 1984 release Aimless Love.	German Afternoons	Oh Boy Records
record label	The Royal Scam is the fifth album by Steely Dan, originally released by ABC Records in 1976.	The Royal Scam	ABC Records
record label	``My Whole World Ended (The Moment You Left Me)'' is the solo debut single for former Temptations lead singer David Ruffin, released on Motown Records in early 1969 (see 1969 in music).	My Whole World Ended (The Moment You Left Me)	Motown
record label	``Hometown Unicorn'' is the debut single by Super Furry Animals, released on Alan McGee's Creation Records label on February 26, 1996.	Hometown Unicorn	Creation Records
record label	During this time, Kirby Trapolino served as Manager, Micah Ottosen served as Road Manager, and Buddy Ottosen served as Guitar Tech. After the collapse of Warner Alliance in 1998, Caedmon's Call signed to Essential Records, where they remained until May 2006.	Caedmon's Call	Essential Records
record label	MCA Records picked up the reissue rights for Con-Test, as well as Nash's American Band-ages in 1986, but the abrupt change in record labels led to a near-absence of promotion for both records.	Con-Test	MCA Records
record label	Nine Types of Light is the fourth studio album by American art rock band TV on the Radio, released on April 11, 2011 through Interscope Records.	Nine Types of Light	Interscope Records
record label	Corynne Elliot (born 1983 in London, England), better known as Speech Debelle, is a British rapper signed to the Big Dada record label.	Speech Debelle	Big Dada
record label	Made of Bricks is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Kate Nash, released in the United Kingdom on 6 August 2007 by Fiction Records, Cherrytree Records, and the Universal Music Group.	Made of Bricks	Fiction Records
record label	Arisen is available through Nilaihah Records in both physical and digital download formats.	Arisen	Nilaihah Records
record label	Take the Weather with You is the twenty fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett, released on RCA Records in 2006.	Take the Weather with You	RCA Records
record label	The Lotus Effect is the third studio album by the Dutch progressive metal band Sun Caged, released on June 17, 2011 by Lion Music.	The Lotus Effect	Lion Music
record label	Club Nocturne (1998) is the 13th studio album (14th overall) from the jazz group Yellowjackets, and their sixth and final release for the Warner Bros. label.	Club Nocturne	Warner Bros.
record label	``Da Funk'' was initially released as a 12 inch single in 1995 under the Soma Quality Recordings label, with the B-side ``Rollin' & Scratchin'''.	Da Funk	Soma Quality Recordings
record label	Pack Up the Cats is an album by the alternative rock band Local H. It was released on September 1, 1998, on Island Records, around the time when Polygram, the parent label of Island, merged with Universal, causing the album to be all but forgotten during the transition.	Pack Up the Cats	Island Records
record label	The Rise and Fall of Ruby Woo is the second studio album by the close harmony trio The Puppini Sisters through Universal Classics and Jazz on 1 October 2007 in the United Kingdom.	The Rise and Fall of Ruby Woo	Universal Classics and Jazz
record label	``Flawless (Go to the City)'' is a song co-written and performed by British singer-songwriter George Michael and released by Sony BMG on 28 June 2004.	Flawless (Go to the City)	Sony BMG
record label	Fear, Love & War is the third album by the hip hop group Killarmy, which was released September 11, 2001, on Loud/Relativity Records.	Fear, Love & War	Relativity Records
record label	The Genius of Ray Charles is the sixth studio album by American recording artist Ray Charles, released in 1959 by Atlantic Records.	The Genius of Ray Charles	Atlantic Records
record label	Leading Off is the debut solo album by American newgrass mandolinist Chris Thile, released on September 25, 1994 by Sugar Hill Records.	Leading Off	Sugar Hill Records
record label	Brain Salad Surgery is the fourth studio album by progressive rock band Emerson, Lake & Palmer, released in 1973 and the first under their Manticore Records imprint.	Brain Salad Surgery	Manticore Records
record label	``Throw Your Arms Around Me'' is a song by Australian rock band Hunters & Collectors first released as a single in November 1984 by White Label for Mushroom Records.	Throw Your Arms Around Me	Mushroom Records
record label	When Signify was reissued in 2003 on Delerium Records and in 2004 on Snapper Music, Insignificance was packaged as a second disc of Signify, with a slightly altered track list.	Signify	Delerium Records
record label	``I Don't Want to Take a Chance'' is a single released by Mary Wells in 1961 on the Motown label.	I Don't Want to Take a Chance	Motown
record label	Excuses for Travellers is the third album by Mojave 3, released by 4AD on 15 May 2000 in the UK and 5 September 2000 in the US.	Excuses for Travellers	4AD
record label	Cancer 4 Cure is the third full-length studio album by El-P, released on Fat Possum Records May 22, 2012.	Cancer 4 Cure	Fat Possum Records
record label	Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell is the tenth album by American singer-guitarist Glen Campbell, a collaborative album with Bobbie Gentry, released in 1968 by Capitol Records.	Bobbie Gentry and Glen Campbell	Capitol Records
record label	Født til å Herske (lit. ``Born to rule'') is Norwegian solo artist Mortiis's debut album, released on Malicious Records in 1993.	Født til å Herske	Mortiis
record label	No Security is a live album by The Rolling Stones released by Virgin Records in 1998.	No Security	Virgin Records
record label	Late Night Final is the second studio album (and first full-length album after the mini-album Richard Hawley released six months earlier) from musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records.	Late Night Final	Setanta Records
record label	Summer Side of Life is Canadian singer Gordon Lightfoot's seventh original album, released in 1971 on the Reprise Records Label.	Summer Side of Life	Reprise Records
record label	Too Cold at Home is the second album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt, released in 1990 on MCA Records.	Too Cold at Home	MCA Records
record label	The Jeb Loy Nichols Special is a record by Jeb Loy Nichols, released in 2012 on the Decca Records label.	The Jeb Loy Nichols Special	Decca Records
record label	Fear & Freedom is the third studio album by Australian recording artist Ricki-Lee Coulter, released through EMI Music Australia on 17 August 2012.	Fear & Freedom	EMI
sex or gender	Henrik Sundström (born 29 February 1964 in Lund, Sweden) is a former professional male tennis player from Sweden.	Henrik Sundström	male
sex or gender	Meri Cetinić (born June 15, 1953) is a Croatian female pop singer, a soprano.	Meri Cetinić	female
sport	Aleksander Zniszczoł (born March 8, 1994 in Cieszyn) is a Polish ski jumper, a member of youth Polish ski jumping team, gold medalist of World Junior Championship 2014 with team.	Aleksander Zniszczoł	ski jumping
sport	Arshad Iqbal Burki (born 15 March 1984) is a Pakistani squash player.	Arshad Iqbal Burki	squash
sport	The New York Raiders were an American rugby league football team based in Congers, New York.	New York Raiders	rugby league
sport	Chen Jianghua (simplified Chinese: 陈江华; traditional Chinese: 陳江華; pinyin: Chén Jiānghuā) (born March 12, 1989), in Panyu, Shawan, Guangzhou, Guangdong, People's Republic of China) is Chinese professional basketball player.	Chen Jianghua	basketball
sport	Emma Humphries (born 14 June 1986) is a New Zealand association football player who represented her country at international level.	Emma Humphries	association football
sport	The Serbian and Montenegrin National Badminton Championships is a tournament organized to crown the best badminton players in Serbia and Montenegro.	Serbian and Montenegrin National Badminton Championships	badminton
sport	The 1995 Dubai Tennis Championships was the third edition of this men's tennis tournament and was played on outdoor hard courts.	1995 Dubai Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Jeffrey Godfrey IV, also known as Jeff Godfrey (born January 1, 1992) is an American football quarterback and wide receiver.	Jeff Godfrey	American football
sport	The 1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco was a tennis tournament in San Francisco, CA in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour.	1993 Volvo Tennis San Francisco	tennis
sport	The Green Monster is a popular nickname for the 37'2`` (11.33 m) high left field wall at Fenway Park, home to the Boston Red Sox baseball team.	Green Monster	baseball
sport	Heyneke Meyer (born 6 October 1967 in Nelspruit, South Africa) is a rugby union coach, who was most recently the head coach of the South African national team.	Heyneke Meyer	rugby union
sport	Phil Veivers (born 25 May 1964 in Beaudesert, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer.	Phil Veivers	rugby league
sport	Ignacy Nowak (born 12 January 1949) is a Polish chess player who won the Polish Chess Championship in 1985.	Ignacy Nowak	chess
sport	Redipuglia is a baseball team in Serie A federale, Italy's professional baseball league.	Redipuglia	baseball
sport	Basket Lattes Montpellier Agglomération (BLMA) is a French women's basketball club from Lattes, Montpellier Agglomération.	Basket Lattes	basketball
sport	Siranush Andriasian (Armenian: Սիրանուշ Անդրիասյան, born 4 January 1986 in Ejmiatsin) is an Armenian chess player.	Siranush Andriasian	chess
sport	The Lansing Lancers were a professional ice hockey team playing in the International Hockey League.	Lansing Lancers	ice hockey
sport	Sander de Wijn (born 2 May 1990, in Boxmeer) is a Dutch field hockey player.	Sander de Wijn	field hockey
sport	USA Football is the national governing body for amateur American football in the United States.	USA Football	American football
sport	The Cleveland Browns are a professional American football team based in Cleveland, Ohio.	Cleveland Browns	American football
sport	Malika Kanthong (Thai: มลิกา กันทอง, born January 8, 1987) is a member of the Thailand women's national volleyball team.	Malika Kanthong	volleyball
sport	The Estonia national football team (Estonian: Eesti jalgpallikoondis) represents Estonia in international association football.	Estonia national football team	association football
sport	Badalona Dracs (Catalan pronunciation: (bəðəˈɫonə ˈðɾaks), ``Badalona Dragons'') is an American football team based in Badalona, Catalonia.	Badalona Dracs	American football
sport	Demetrios Petrokokkinos (Greek: Δημήτριος Πετροκόκκινος, 17 April 1878 -- 10 February 1942) was a Greek tennis player.	Demetrios Petrokokkinos	tennis
sport	The 2004 FIS Ski Jumping Grand Prix was the 11th Summer Grand Prix season in ski jumping on plastic.	2004 FIS Ski Jumping Grand Prix	ski jumping
sport	The Sarnia Sting are a junior ice hockey team based in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.	Sarnia Sting	ice hockey
sport	Massimo Cuttitta (born in Latina, 2 September 1966) is a former Italian rugby union footballer and a current coach.	Massimo Cuttitta	rugby union
sport	The Cauberg Cyclo-cross is a cyclo-cross race held in Valkenburg, Netherlands.	Cauberg Cyclo-cross	cyclo-cross
sport	Javier Méndez González (born April 22, 1964) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic silver medalist.	Javier Méndez	baseball
sport	The Alabama Hawks were a professional American football team based in Huntsville, Alabama.	Alabama Hawks	American football
sport	Manchester Rugby Club, founded as Manchester Football Club, was one of the first rugby union clubs in the world, having been founded in 1860, eleven years before the Rugby Football Union.	Manchester Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	The 2009 Malaysia Super Series, not to be confused with the 2009 Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold, was a badminton tournament held from January 6 to January 11, 2009 in Putra Indoor Stadium, Malaysia.	2009 Malaysia Super Series	badminton
sport	The Bahawalpur Stags (Urdu: بهاولپور سٹاگس‎) are a Pakistani men's professional Twenty20 cricket team that competes in the Haier T20 League and based in Bahawalpur, Punjab, Pakistan.	Bahawalpur Stags	cricket
sport	Dai-Kang Yang (Chinese: 陽岱鋼; pinyin: Yáng Dàigāng;born January 17, 1987; previously known as Yang Chung-shou or Chung-Shou Yang 陽仲壽) is a Taiwanese professional baseball player.	Dai-Kang Yang	baseball
sport	Viktor Efremovski (born October 21, 1998) is a Macedonian professional basketball Small forward who currently plays for Rabotnički in the Macedonian First League.	Viktor Efremovski	basketball
sport	Vern Fleming (born February 4, 1962) is an American former professional basketball player who played twelve seasons in the NBA from 1984 until 1996.	Vern Fleming	basketball
sport	The K League Classic is one of South Korea's professional association football leagues.	K League Classic	association football
sport	The South Bend Blue Sox was a women's professional baseball team who played from 1943 through 1954 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.	South Bend Blue Sox	baseball
sport	The 1994 Marseille Open was an ATP tennis tournament played on indoor carpet and held in Marseille, France from 31 January through 6 February 1994.	1994 Marseille Open	tennis
sport	Martin Bédard (born March 23, 1984 in Laval, Quebec) is a professional Canadian football fullback for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League.	Martin Bédard	Canadian football
sport	The Queensland Cup is the top level of rugby league football in Queensland, Australia.	Queensland Cup	rugby league
sport	The New York Liberty are a professional basketball team based in New York City, New York, playing in the Eastern Conference in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).	New York Liberty	basketball
sport	Maodo Lô (born March 12, 1992) is a German basketball player, who currently plays for Columbia.	Maodo Lô	basketball
sport	Montedio Yamagata is a professional association football club based in Yamagata Prefecture in Japan.	Montedio Yamagata	association football
sport	Ivan Ljubičić (Croatian pronunciation: (ǐv̞an ʎûbitʃitɕ); 19 March 1979) is a retired Croatian tennis player.	Ivan Ljubičić	tennis
sport	Ohsweken Demons are a Canadian professional indoor lacrosse team that play in the Canadian Lacrosse League.	Ohsweken Demons	lacrosse
sport	The Pittsburgh Harlequins are an American rugby union founded in 1973.	Pittsburgh Harlequins	rugby union
sport	Rugby Club CERN - Meyrin - St Genis (RC CMSG) are a semi-professional Swiss rugby union club situated on the French--	Rugby Club CERN	rugby union
sport	The Women's Korean Basketball League (WKBL) is the premier women's basketball league in South Korea.	Women's Korean Basketball League	basketball
sport	Phil Spence (born March 13, 1954 in Raleigh, North Carolina) is a retired American basketball player and coach.	Phil Spence	basketball
sport	The Sale Football Club, nicknamed the Magpies, is an Australian rules football club from Sale, Victoria which compete in the Gippsland Football League (GFL).	Sale Football Club	Australian rules football
sport	The Erris Rams were an American football team based in Erris, and latterly Castlebar, Ireland.	Erris Rams	American football
sport	Marija Režan (born Vrsaljko, on 8 August 1989 in Zadar, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Croatian basketball player.	Marija Režan	basketball
sport	Angel Goodrich (born February 24, 1990) is an American professional basketball player, who currently plays for the Seattle Storm in the WNBA.	Angel Goodrich	basketball
sport	Conor Murray (born 20 April 1989 in Limerick, Ireland) is an Irish rugby union player who plays for Munster in the Pro12 and European Rugby Champions Cup.	Conor Murray	rugby union
sport	The ATP Challenger Tour, known until the end of 2008 as the ATP Challenger Series, is a series of international men's professional tennis tournaments.	ATP Challenger Tour	tennis
sport	VRA Cricket Ground is a cricket ground in Amstelveen, the Netherlands, the home of VRA Amsterdam since 1939.	VRA Cricket Ground	cricket
sport	Mohammed V Trophy (French: Coupe Mohammed V) was an international association football friendly competition held in the city of Casablanca, Morocco.	Mohammed V Trophy	association football
sport	Rodolfo Gnavi (born 17 September 1949 in Argentina) is a former footballer who played one match for the Australia national association football team.	Rodolfo Gnavi	association football
sport	The Men's Junior European Volleyball Championship is a sport competition for national teams with players under 21 years, currently held biannually and organized by the European Volleyball Confederation, the volleyball federation from Europe.	Men's Junior European Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	The 2015 FC Tobol season is the 17th successive season that the club playing in the Kazakhstan Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Kazakhstan.	2015 FC Tobol season	association football
sport	Ski boots are footwear used in skiing to provide a way to attach the skier to skis using ski bindings.	Ski boot	skiing
sport	RK Vardar (HC Vardar) (Macedonian: РК Вардар) is a handball club from Skopje, Republic of Macedonia.	RK Vardar	handball
sport	The 1977 European Super Cup was an association football match played over two-legs between German team Hamburg and English team Liverpool.	1977 European Super Cup	association football
sport	The Zagłębie Steelers are an American football team in Będzin, Zagłębie Dąbrowskie, Poland.	Zagłębie Steelers	American football
sport	The Chilliwack Bruins were a major junior ice hockey team in the Western Hockey League (WHL) based out of Chilliwack, British Columbia.	Chilliwack Bruins	ice hockey
sport	Patricia Ward Hales (27 February 1929 -- 22 June 1985) was a tennis player from the United Kingdom who reached the singles final of the 1955 U.S. Championships, losing to Doris Hart 6--4, 6--2.	Patricia Ward Hales	tennis
sport	The 2010 AFC President's Cup was the sixth edition of the AFC President's Cup, an annual international association football competition between domestic clubs sides run by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).	2010 AFC President's Cup	association football
sport	Moses Blass (born March 24, 1937), also known as Moysés Blás, is a Brazilian former basketball player.	Moses Blass	basketball
sport	Junior Malili Muliaina (born 31 July 1980), better known as Mils Muliaina, is a professional rugby union player.	Mils Muliaina	rugby union
sport	Matteo Pratichetti (born 27 July 1985 in Rome) is an Italian rugby union player.	Matteo Pratichetti	rugby union
sport	Kendrys Morales Rodriguez (born June 20, 1983) is a Cuban professional baseball designated hitter for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Kendrys Morales	baseball
sport	Osiris Eldridge (born June 18, 1988) is an American professional basketball player and former member of Illinois State's men's basketball team.	Osiris Eldridge	basketball
sport	Pro Evolution Soccer 2009 is the second Wii entry of the association football video game Pro Evolution Soccer series by Konami.	Pro Evolution Soccer 2009	association football
sport	Corné van Kessel (born 7 August 1991 in Veldhoven) is a professional cyclo-cross cyclist from the Netherlands.	Corné van Kessel	cyclo-cross
sport	The 2005 Sunfeast Open was the first edition of the WTA tennis tournament Sunfeast Open held in Kolkata, West Bengal, India for women's professional tennis from 19--25 September 2005.	2005 Sunfeast Open	tennis
sport	Tuomas Ketola (born 21 February 1975) is a Finnish former professional tennis player on the ATP Tour.	Tuomas Ketola	tennis
sport	Damien Blanch is an Australian-born Irish international rugby league footballer.	Damien Blanch	rugby league
sport	Saint-Raphaël Var Handball, is a team handball club from Saint-Raphaël, Var, France, that plays in the LNH Division 1.	Saint-Raphaël Var Handball	handball
sport	Leslie Michael Jasper (born October 8, 1986) is an American football offensive guard and defensive tackle who is currently a free agent.	Michael Jasper	American football
sport	The UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships (for Women), to use the official name, is the recognized world championship for cyclo-cross and has been organized annually since 2000 by the Union Cycliste Internationale, the sport's international governing body.	UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships	cyclo-cross
sport	The NWL Midget Championship was the midget professional wrestling title in the National Wrestling League promotion.	NWL Midget Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Heini Adams (born 29 May 1980 in Worcester, South Africa) is a professional rugby union player.	Heini Adams	rugby union
sport	The Kamloops Blazers are a major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C. Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League (WHL).	Kamloops Blazers	ice hockey
sport	The 2010 Champions League Twenty20 was the second edition of the Champions League Twenty20, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament.	2010 Champions League Twenty20	cricket
sport	Damian de Allende is a South African rugby union player of mixed-race descent, currently playing with the Stormers and Japanese Top League side Kintetsu Liners.	Damian de Allende	rugby union
sport	The 2015 World Rugby Nations Cup was the tenth edition of the international rugby union tournament, a competition created by the World Rugby.	2015 World Rugby Nations Cup	rugby union
sport	Jiangsu Dragons Kentier (江苏龙肯帝亚) or Jiangsu Dragons or Jiangsu Kentier or formerly known as Jiangsu Daye and Jiangsu Nanjing Steel are a professional basketball team in the South Division of the Chinese Basketball Association, based in Nanjing, Jiangsu.	Jiangsu Dragons	basketball
sport	Elizabeth Minter is a former Australian professional tennis player.	Elizabeth Minter	tennis
sport	Helmut Kosmehl (born 27 September 1944 in Magdeburg) is a German professional handball and football player and football manager.	Helmut Kosmehl	handball
sport	Omar Quintanilla (born October 24, 1981) is an American professional baseball infielder for the Toros de Tijuana of the Mexican Baseball League (MBL).	Omar Quintanilla	baseball
sport	The Uli Hoeneß Cup was a pre-season association football match that took place on 24 July 2013 at the Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany.	Uli Hoeneß Cup	association football
sport	The Tour Championship (known as The Tour Championship by Coca-Cola for sponsorship reasons) is a golf tournament that is part of the PGA Tour.	Tour Championship	golf
sport	The Chinese Athletic Association (CAA) (中国田径协会) is the national governing body for the sport of athletics in the People's Republic of China.	Chinese Athletic Association	sport of athletics
sport	Nikola Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Ковачевић) (born 14 February 1983) is a Serbian volleyball player, a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team, bronze medalist of the World Championship 2010, European Champion 2011, bronze medalits of the European Championship in 2007, 2013, multimedalist of the World League.	Nikola Kovačević	volleyball
sport	Alain Lorieux (born March 26, 1956 in La Tronche) is a retired French international rugby union player.	Alain Lorieux	rugby union
sport	Sir William Basil Goulding (4 November 1909 -- 16 January 1982) was an Irish cricketer, squash player, art collector and prominent businessman.	Basil Goulding	squash
sport	Sergei Topol is a Russian ice hockey player.	Sergei Topol	ice hockey
sport	Akapusi Qera (born 24 April 1984) is a Fijian professional rugby union player for Montpellier in the French Top 14.	Akapusi Qera	rugby union
sport	Andy Ram (Hebrew: אנדי רם‎; born April 10, 1980) is a retired Israeli professional tennis player.	Andy Ram	tennis
sport	Ramón Mañón Reyes (born January 21, 1968 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a former professional baseball pitcher.	Ramón Mañón	baseball
sport	The Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya (Catalan pronunciation: (sirˈkujd də kətəˈɫuɲə)) is a motorsport race track in Montmeló, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya	motorsport
sport	Vincent Masingue, born 31 January 1976 in Saint-Martin-d'Hères, Isère, is a French basketball player, who plays at N°5 (2.05 m).	Vincent Masingue	basketball
sport	Nemanja Nedović (pronounced (němaɲa nêːdoʋitɕ); Serbian: Немања Недовић; born 16 June 1991) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Unicaja of the Liga ACB.	Nemanja Nedović	basketball
sport	Nathan LaFayette (born February 17, 1973) is a former ice hockey player in the NHL.	Nathan LaFayette	ice hockey
sport	Mihalj Keri (Serbian Cyrillic: Mиxaљ Kepи; born 15 January 1951) is a retired Yugoslav association football player who professionally played in Yugoslavia and the United States.	Mihalj Keri	association football
sport	Richie Brockel (born July 24, 1986 in Phoenix) is an American football fullback who is currently a free agent.	Richie Brockel	American football
sport	The FIFA U-17 World Cup, founded as the FIFA U-16 World Championship, later changed to the FIFA U-17 World Championship and known by its current name since 2007, is the world championship of association football for male players under the age of 17 organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA).	FIFA U-17 World Cup	association football
sport	Ricardo Ycaza (born 16 February 1958 in Guayaquil) is an Ecuadorean tennis player who was a world top 10 junior, a Davis Cup stalwart, and a world top 100 touring professional.	Ricardo Ycaza	tennis
sport	Cathy Warwick (née Forbes) (born 6 February 1968) is an English chess player and writer.	Cathy Warwick	chess
sport	Ystads IF is a handball team from Ystad, Sweden.	Ystads IF	handball
sport	The San Jose Stealth were a member of the National Lacrosse League, the professional box lacrosse league of North America from 2004 until 2009.	San Jose Stealth	lacrosse
sport	Grégor Beugnot (born October 7, 1957 in Cliron, France) is a former French professional basketball player and a current professional basketball coach.	Grégor Beugnot	basketball
sport	Frederick Brock (born 1901 in Huddersfield) was a professional association football, who played for Huddersfield Town.	Frederick Brock	association football
sport	Passer rating (also known as quarterback rating, QB rating, or passing efficiency in college football) is a measure of the performance of passers, primarily quarterbacks, in American football and Canadian football.	Passer rating	American football
sport	Evgeny Isakov, sometimes shown as Evgeni Isakov, (born October 13, 1984) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward who played for Severstal Cherepovets of the RSL from 2002--04.	Evgeny Isakov	ice hockey
sport	Zeb Taia (born 11 October 1984) is an Australian-born New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans in the National Rugby League.	Zeb Taia	rugby league
sport	Kannard Johnson (born June 24, 1965, in Cincinnati, Ohio) is an American retired professional basketball player.	Kannard Johnson	basketball
sport	Scott Dureau (born 29 July 1986 in Taree, New South Wales) is a retired Australian professional rugby league footballer.	Scott Dureau	rugby league
sport	Atsunori Inaba (稲葉 篤紀, born August 3, 1972 in Kitanagoya, Aichi, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball player for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters in Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball.	Atsunori Inaba	baseball
sport	Madden NFL 2001 is an American football video game.	Madden NFL 2001	American football
sport	Robert Michael Howfield (born 3 December 1936), commonly known as Bobby Howfield, is an English former professional sportsman who played both association football and American football.	Bobby Howfield	association football
sport	The Ice Hockey Federation of Russia (Russian: Федерация хоккея России) is the governing body overseeing ice hockey in Russia.	Ice Hockey Federation of Russia	ice hockey
sport	Josh Byrnes is an American baseball executive who served as the General Manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks (2005--10) and the San Diego Padres (2011--14).	Josh Byrnes	baseball
sport	Ralph Betza (born 1945) is a FIDE Master and inventor of chess variants such as Chess with different armies, Avalanche chess, and Way of the Knight.	Ralph Betza	chess
sport	Kiril Popov (Bulgarian: Кирил Попов) (born 15 March 1985) is a Bulgarian table tennis player and coach.	Kiril Popov	table tennis
sport	The McDonald's Championship (sometimes called the McDonald's Open) was an international men's professional basketball cup competition that featured a representative of the National Basketball Association against champion club teams from Europe, Australia, and South America.	McDonald's Championship	basketball
sport	Takahito Suzuki (鈴木 貴人), born August 17, 1975, is a Japanese professional ice hockey Right Winger currently playing for the Nikkō Ice Bucks of the Asia League.	Takahito Suzuki	ice hockey
sport	Darius Lukminas (born February 9, 1968 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian former basketball player for the Lithuanian national basketball team and Žalgiris Kaunas.	Darius Lukminas	basketball
sport	Woolston Rovers are a rugby league team based in Warrington.	Woolston Rovers	rugby league
sport	The Estádio Algarve is an association football stadium located between Faro and Loulé, in Portugal and the former home of Farense and Louletano, having received some Olhanense and Portimonense matches during their respective stadiums' works of renovation.	Estádio Algarve	association football
sport	Gábor Császár (born 16 June 1984) is a Hungarian handball player, currently playing for Kadetten Schaffhausen and the Hungarian national team.	Gábor Császár	handball
sport	Judy Devlin (later Judy Hashman) (born 22 October 1935 in Winnipeg, Manitoba) is a former badminton player who won more major international titles than any other player of her era.	Judy Devlin	badminton
sport	Virgil Wagner is a former award-winning, all-star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football halfback for the Montreal Alouettes.	Virgil Wagner	Canadian football
sport	Fernanda Ferreira, known as Fernandinha (born January 10 of 1980) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player.	Fernanda Ferreira	volleyball
sport	Jantel Lavender (born November 12, 1988) is a professional basketball player who plays for the Fenerbahçe Istanbul.	Jantel Lavender	basketball
sport	The Arab Cup of Ice Hockey was intended to be an annual international ice hockey competition involving teams from Arab nations.	Arab Cup of Ice Hockey	ice hockey
sport	Eurobasket.com is a basketball-centered website that aims to provide coverage of all the professional and semi-professional leagues around the world.	Eurobasket.com	basketball
sport	The Detroit Hettche were a minor league professional ice hockey team based in Detroit, Michigan, and played at the Detroit Olympia.	Detroit Hettche	ice hockey
sport	The Smash Championship was a professional wrestling championship, owned and promoted by the Japanese Smash promotion.	Smash Championship	professional wrestling
sport	Yongin City FC (Korean: 용인시청 축구단) is a South Korean association football club based in Yongin, Gyeonggi.	Yongin City FC	association football
sport	Kęstutis Marčiulionis (born April 4, 1977 in Kaunas, Lithuanian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Lithuanian basketball player.	Kęstutis Marčiulionis	basketball
sport	Barcelona Universitari Club is a Spanish rugby team based in Barcelona.	Barcelona Universitari Club	rugby
sport	Satoru Furuta (古田悟, born 3 August 1971) is a Japanese former basketball player.	Satoru Furuta	basketball
sport	Falu BS, is a bandy club from Falun in Sweden.	Falu BS	bandy
sport	The Women's EHF Challenge Cup is an annual team handball competition for women's clubs of Europe.	Women's EHF Challenge Cup	handball
sport	Nikola Lončar (Cyrillic: Никола Лончар; born May 31, 1972) is a retired Serbian basketball player.	Nikola Lončar	basketball
sport	San Marino Baseball Club is a professional baseball team based in the city of San Marino, in the Republic of San Marino.	San Marino Baseball Club	baseball
sport	The 1998 Guardian Direct Cup was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in London, Great Britain, that was part of the International Series Gold of the 1998 ATP Tour.	1998 Guardian Direct Cup	tennis
sport	The 2014 Tour of Hainan is the 9th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in China.	2014 Tour of Hainan	road bicycle racing
sport	The 2008 ICC Americas Championship Division One was a cricket tournament in the United States, taking place between 25 November and 30 November 2010.	2008 ICC Americas Championship Division One	cricket
sport	Gene Miles (born 21 July 1959 in Townsville, Queensland) is a retired Australian rugby league footballer of the 1980s and 90s.	Gene Miles	rugby league
sport	The Japan or All-Japan Figure Skating Championships (Japanese: 全日本フィギュアスケート選手権) are a figure skating national championship held annually to determine the national champions of Japan.	Japan Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Richard Schuil (born May 2, 1973) is a beach volleyball player from the Netherlands.	Richard Schuil	beach volleyball
sport	The African Handball Confederation, (acronym CAHB) referring to a (French: Confédération Africaine de Handball), is the administrative and controlling body for African team handball.	African Handball Confederation	handball
sport	Klaus Perwas (born 8 March 1971) is a German former basketball player and current assistant coach of the German professional club Frankfurt Skyliners.	Klaus Perwas	basketball
sport	Bronson Harrison (born 10 October 1985) is a New Zealand retired professional rugby league footballer.	Bronson Harrison	rugby league
sport	The 2009 ICC World Twenty20 was an international Twenty20 cricket tournament which took place in England in June 2009.	2009 ICC World Twenty20	cricket
sport	Cocodrilos de Caracas is a Venezuelan professional basketball club.	Cocodrilos de Caracas	basketball
sport	Michel Miklík (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈmiʃel ˈmikliːk); born July 31, 1982) is a Slovak ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Slovan Bratislava in the Kontinental Hockey League.	Michel Miklík	ice hockey
sport	The 1899 Cleveland Spiders season took place in American baseball.	1899 Cleveland Spiders season	baseball
sport	The RC Leipzig is a German rugby union club from Leipzig, currently playing in the Rugby-Bundesliga, the top tier of German rugby.	RC Leipzig	rugby union
sport	Francisco de la Rosa Jiménez (March 3, 1966 -- January 6, 2011) was a professional baseball pitcher.	Francisco de la Rosa	baseball
sport	Larsen's Opening (also called the Queen's Fianchetto Opening) is a chess opening starting with the move: 1.	Larsen's Opening	chess
sport	The WWC Television Championship is a professional wrestling championship that is currently defended in the World Wrestling Council.	WWC Television Championship	professional wrestling
sport	The 2011 Farmers Classic, presented by Mercedes-Benz, was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Los Angeles.	2011 Farmers Classic	tennis
sport	Eduardo Flaquer (4 November 1896 -- 18 August 1951) was a Spanish tennis player who represented Spain in the Davis Cup and Olympic Games.	Eduardo Flaquer	tennis
sport	The EuroHockey Nations Championship is an international men's and women's field hockey competition organised by the European Hockey Federation (EHF) for the top eight European national teams.	EuroHockey Nations Championship	field hockey
sport	The NCAA Men's National Collegiate Volleyball Championship was, before 2012, the only tournament that determined the NCAA championship of American college men's volleyball.	NCAA Men's National Collegiate Volleyball Championship	volleyball
sport	Eric Fry (born September 14, 1987 in Davis, CA) is an American rugby union player who plays prop.	Eric Fry	rugby union
sport	Adam Cieślar (born 18 December 1992) is a Polish Nordic combined skier.	Adam Cieślar	Nordic combined
sport	Super Bowl 50 was an American football game to determine the champion of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2015 season.	Super Bowl 50	American football
sport	Carson McMillan (born September 10, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player for the Idaho Steelheads of the ECHL.	Carson McMillan	ice hockey
sport	The Symetra Tour, previously known as the LPGA Futures Tour and known for sponsorship reasons between 2006 and 2010 as the Duramed FUTURES Tour, is the official developmental golf tour of the LPGA Tour.	Symetra Tour	golf
sport	Sean Rudder (born 13 February 1979) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Sean Rudder	rugby league
sport	The 1999 Dubai Tennis Championships was a tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts at the Aviation Club Tennis Centre in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates that were part of the World Series of the 1999 ATP Tour.	1999 Dubai Tennis Championships	tennis
sport	Chun Joo-weon (born 15 November 1972) is a South Korean women's basketball coach and former player.	Chun Joo-weon	basketball
sport	Maneepong Jongjit (Thai: มณีพงศ์ จงจิตร, rtgs: Maniphong Chongchit; born 21 March 1991 in Phuket) is a badminton player from Thailand.	Maneepong Jongjit	badminton
sport	Open GDF Suez, formerly Open Gaz de France, was a Premier level tennis tournament on the WTA Tour held in Paris, France.	Open GDF Suez	tennis
sport	Listowel Racecourse is a horse racing venue in the town of Listowel, County Kerry, Ireland which stages both National Hunt and Flat racing.	Listowel Racecourse	horse racing
sport	The Rugby League International Federation (RLIF) currently oversees and awards the major international sporting award for rugby league on an annual basis and has done so since its inception in 2004.	Rugby League International Federation	rugby league
sport	Marie Sebag (born October 15, 1986 in Paris, France) is a French chess player, who won the French Chess Championship for women in 2000 and 2002.	Marie Sebag	chess
sport	Anne White (born September 28, 1961) is a former professional United States tennis player from Charleston, West Virginia.	Anne White	tennis
sport	Mark Merklein (born June 28, 1972) is a Bahamas-born former college and professional tennis player.	Mark Merklein	tennis
sport	Bridget Pettis (born January 1, 1971) is a former American college and professional basketball player who was a guard in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) for eight seasons during the 1990s and 2000s.	Bridget Pettis	basketball
sport	EV Füssen, sometimes also called the Füssen Leopards, is an ice hockey team from Germany.	EV Füssen	ice hockey
sport	Hong Kong Premier League (Chinese: 香港超級聯賽) is a Hong Kong professional league for men's association football clubs organised by the Hong Kong Football Association.	Hong Kong Premier League	association football
sport	Giorgos Katidis (Greek: Γιώργος Κατίδης; born 12 February 1993) is a Greek association football player who plays for Levadiakos.	Giorgos Katidis	association football
sport	Démosthenes Magalhães, in Brazil better known as Démosthenes and in Italy as Demostene Bertini (17 November 1909 in Rio de Janeiro), was a Brazilian association football player.	Démosthenes Magalhães	association football
sport	Superfinalen (``The Super Final'') is a former Norwegian association football competition contested between the previous season's champions of the Norwegian Premier League and the Norwegian Football Cup.	Superfinalen	association football
sport	The Sanya Ladies Open is a golf tournament co-sanctioned on the Ladies Asian Golf Tour and the Ladies European Tour.	Sanya Ladies Open	golf
sport	Michael Rasmussen (born 1 June 1974) is a retired Danish professional bicycle racer, who competed in road racing and mountain biking.	Michael Rasmussen	mountain biking
sport	Howard Carston Catcheside OBE (18 August 1899 -- 10 May 1987) was an English rugby union player.	Carston Catcheside	rugby union
sport	Jordi Puig Vicens (born April 16, 1971 in Girona, Catalonia, Spain) is a retired basketball player.	Jordi Puig	basketball
sport	Igor Bijelić (born September 9, 1988) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who currently plays for KK Kumanovo of the Macedonian First League (basketball).	Igor Bijelić	basketball
sport	Lisa Bluder (born April 16, 1961) is the head coach for the Iowa Hawkeyes women's basketball program.	Lisa Bluder	basketball
sport	Stade Bordelais are a French rugby union club, based in Bordeaux.	Stade Bordelais	rugby union
sport	Hiram Fuller a.k.a. Hesham Ali Salem (born May 13, 1981) is Libyan professional basketball player, who grew up in the United States.	Hiram Fuller	basketball
sport	The World Rugby Under 20 Championship (known as the IRB Junior World Championship until 2014) is an international rugby union competition.	World Rugby Under 20 Championship	rugby union
sport	Sha'reff Rashad, Jr. (born October 6, 1986) is a former American football safety.	Sha'reff Rashad	American football
sport	The SV Wacker Burghausen II is a defunct German association football club from Burghausen, Bavaria.	SV Wacker Burghausen II	association football
sport	The Israel Super Cup, also known as Champion of Champions (Hebrew: אלוף האלופים‎, Aluf HaAlufym) is an Israeli association football club competition played as a single match between the winner of the latest Israeli top league champions and the winner of the latest Israel State Cup.	Israel Super Cup	association football
sport	The Springfield Celts Rugby Club is a Division III rugby union team based in Springfield, Illinois, United States and is currently in the Illinois Union.	Springfield Celts Rugby Club	rugby union
sport	Blair Connor born 29 September 1988 in Brisbane, Australia is a rugby union player from Brisbane, Australia.	Blair Connor	rugby union
sport	Rajko Žižić (January 22, 1955 -- August 7, 2003) was a Serbian and Yugoslav professional basketball player.	Rajko Žižić	basketball
sport	Garreth Carvell is a retired English professional rugby league footballer.	Garreth Carvell	rugby league
sport	Raymond Gause is a Puerto Rican former basketball player.	Raymond Gause	basketball
sport	The Bærum Blue Devils is an American football club based in Bærum, Norway.	Bærum Blue Devils	American football
sport	The 2014 Foxtel Cup was the fourth and final season of the Australian rules football knock-out competition involving clubs from the various state league competitions from around Australia.	2014 Foxtel Cup	Australian rules football
sport	The Patinoire de Mériadeck is a sports complex located in Bordeaux, France, which is mainly used for ice hockey.	Patinoire de Mériadeck	ice hockey
sport	The Copa Ibérica de Rugby (Iberian Rugby Cup) is a rugby union knock-out competition played annually by clubs of the Spanish Rugby Federation and Portuguese Rugby Federation.	Copa Ibérica de Rugby	rugby union
sport	Rodrigo Rosario (born March 4, 1978 in San Pedro de Macorís, Dominican Republic), is a former professional baseball player.	Rodrigo Rosario	baseball
sport	Fyllingen Fotball was a Norwegian association football club from Fyllingsdalen, Bergen, Hordaland.	Fyllingen Fotball	association football
sport	Anthony Ricketts (born 12 March 1979 in Sydney, New South Wales) is a former professional squash player from Australia.	Anthony Ricketts	squash
sport	Kim Ki-sung (Korean: 김기성 born May 14, 1985 in Seoul) is a Korean professional ice hockey left winger.	Kim Ki-sung	ice hockey
sport	The 2010 Three Nationals Figure Skating Championships (Slovak: Majstrovstva CR a SR seniori) were the Czech, Slovak, and Polish national figure skating championships in the 2009--2010 season.	2010 Three Nationals Figure Skating Championships	figure skating
sport	Patrick Proisy (born 10 September 1949) is a French former professional tennis player best remembered for reaching the finals of the French Open in 1972 losing against Spaniard Andrés Gimeno in four sets.	Patrick Proisy	tennis
sport	Chastity Reed (born March 28, 1989) is an American professional women's basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).	Chastity Reed	basketball
sport	Castleford Tigers RLFC are an English rugby league club based in Castleford, West Yorkshire that plays in the rugby league top-tier Super League.	Castleford Tigers	rugby league
sport	Celano F.C. Marsica (known as Celano F.C. Olimpia until the 2010-11 season) is an Italian association football from Celano, Abruzzo.	Celano F.C. Marsica	association football
sport	Jermaine Bucknor (born November 1, 1983) is a Canadian professional basketball player who currently plays for Belfius Mons-Hainaut of Belgium's Scooore League.	Jermaine Bucknor	basketball
sport	The KLM Open is an annual golf tournament played in the Netherlands, and has been part of the European Tour's schedule since the Tour was inaugurated in 1972.	KLM Open	golf
sport	The United States Basketball League (OTCQB: USBL), often abbreviated to the USBL, was a professional men's spring basketball league.	United States Basketball League	basketball
sport	Travis Tripucka (born May 3, 1989) is an American football long snapper who is currently a free agent.	Travis Tripucka	American football
sport	The 2015 State of Origin series was the 35th time the annual best-of-three series between the Queensland and New South Wales rugby league teams is played entirely under 'state of origin' rules (1980 and 1981 were only one game series).	2015 State of Origin series	rugby league
sport	Jean-Claude Casties (born November 11, 1936) is a French former professional association football player and manager.	Jean-Claude Casties	association football
sport	Guy Pnini (Hebrew: גיא פניני) (born September 4, 1983) is an Israeli professional basketball player who currently plays for the Maccabi Tel Aviv of the Israeli Super League.	Guy Pnini	basketball
sport	The 2014 FIBA Europe 3x3 Championships, hosted at the University Square in Bucharest, Romania, was the inaugural European 3x3 basketball event that featured separate competitions for men's and women's national teams.	2014 FIBA Europe 3x3 Championships	basketball
sport	The 2015 IFAF World Championship was the fifth instance of the IFAF World Championship, an international American football tournament.	2015 IFAF World Championship	American football
sport	Marcos Baghdatis (Greek: Μάρκος Παγδατής, (ˈmarkos paɣðaˈtis); born 17 June 1985) is a Cypriot professional tennis player.	Marcos Baghdatis	tennis
sport	Botkyrka HC was a Swedish ice hockey team.	Botkyrka HC	ice hockey
sport	Georgios Diamantakos (alternate spellings: Giorgos, George) (Greek: Γιώργος Διαμαντάκος; born January 14, 1995) is a Greek professional basketball player for GKK Šibenik, on loan from Darüşşafaka.	Georgios Diamantakos	basketball
sport	Bojan Radetić (Serbian: Бојан Радетић, born August 19, 1988) is a Serbian professional basketball player.	Bojan Radetić	basketball
sport	Lennox Lewis vs. Michael Grant, billed as ``Two Big'', was a professional boxing match contested on April 29, 2000 for the WBC, IBF, IBO and Lineal Heavyweight Championship.	Lennox Lewis vs. Michael Grant	boxing
sport	Purav Raja (born 7 December 1985) is an Indian tennis player playing on the ATP Challenger Tour.	Purav Raja	tennis
sport	The World Team Chess Championship is an international team chess event, eligible for the participation of 10 countries whose chess federations dominate their continent.	World Team Chess Championship	chess
sport	Ayşe Cora (born 3 March 1993) is a Turkish professional basketball player at the small forward position who plays for Galatasaray Medical Park.	Ayşe Cora	basketball
sport	The 2018 Men's Hockey World Cup will be the 14th edition of the Hockey World Cup field hockey tournament.	2018 Men's Hockey World Cup	field hockey
sport	Tommi Salmelainen's sons Tony (Genève-Servette HC) and Tobias (Porin Ässät) are both professional ice hockey players.	Tommi Salmelainen	ice hockey
sport	Suzie McConnell-Serio (born July 29, 1966) is an American women's basketball coach and former player.	Suzie McConnell-Serio	basketball
sport	The 2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship was the 33rd staging of African's premier club volleyball competition held in Sousse, Tunisia over 20--29 March.	2014 African Volleyball Clubs Champions Championship	volleyball
sport	Grant Lewis (born January 20, 1985) is a professional ice hockey defenseman currently an unrestricted free agent who last played with EHC Red Bull München of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Grant Lewis	ice hockey
sport	FK - 34 Brusno - Ondrej is a Slovak association football club located in Brusno.	FK - 34 Brusno - Ondrej	association football
sport	The 1883 Home Nations Championship was the inaugural series of the rugby union Home Nations Championship.	1883 Home Nations Championship	rugby
sport	Jimwell Torion (born March 13, 1973) is a former Filipino professional basketball player in the PBA from 2000 to 2007.	Jimwell Torion	basketball
sport	The Gerringong Lions are an Australian rugby league football team based in Gerringong, a coastal town of the Illawarra and South Coast regions.	Gerringong Lions	rugby league
sport	The 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was the fifth ICC World Twenty20 competition, an international Twenty20 cricket tournament, that took place in Bangladesh from 16 March to 6 April 2014, which was won by Sri Lanka.	2014 ICC World Twenty20	cricket
sport	Radivoj Korać (Serbian Cyrillic: Радивој Кораћ), sometimes also Radivoje, (5 November 1938 -- 2 June 1969) was a Serbian professional basketball player.	Radivoj Korać	basketball
sport	Gordana Grubin (Serbian Cyrillic:Гордана Грубин, born August 20, 1972 in Zrenjanin, SFR Yugoslavia) is a former Serbian professional basketball player who played in Europe and the United States.	Gordana Grubin	basketball
sport	The Pacific Association of Professional Baseball Clubs is an independent professional baseball league created by Redwood Sports and Entertainment.	Pacific Association	baseball
sport	The St. Louis Eagles were a professional ice hockey team and a former member of the National Hockey League (NHL) based in St. Louis, Missouri.	St. Louis Eagles	ice hockey
sport	Joyce Fitch Rymer (born 3 April 1922) is a former tennis player from Australia who reached the women's singles final of the 1946 Australian Championships, losing to Nancye Wynne Bolton 6--4, 6--4.	Joyce Fitch	tennis
sport	Euan Murray (born 7 August 1980) is a Scottish rugby union footballer, currently playing for Pau in the French Top 14.	Euan Murray	rugby union
sport	The American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) is the governing body for contract bridge in the United States, Mexico, Bermuda and Canada and is a member of the World Bridge Federation; it is the largest such organization in North America.	American Contract Bridge League	contract bridge
sport	Erwin Thiesies (22 August 1908 -- 18 February 1993) was a German international rugby union player, playing for the Berliner SV 92 Rugby and the German national rugby union team.	Erwin Thiesies	rugby union
sport	Basket Rimini Crabs is an Italian professional basketball team based in Rimini, Emilia-Romagna.	Basket Rimini Crabs	basketball
sport	Renzo Ulivieri (born 2 February 1941 in San Miniato, Province of Pisa) is an Italian association football manager.	Renzo Ulivieri	association football
sport	Russell Cross (born September 5, 1961) is a retired American professional basketball player who was selected by the NBA's Golden State Warriors in the 1st round (6th overall) of the 1983 NBA Draft.	Russell Cross	basketball
sport	Mike Tyson vs. Buster Douglas, billed as ``Tyson Is Back!'', was a historic boxing match that occurred at the Tokyo Dome in Tokyo, Japan on February 11, 1990 in which then undefeated, undisputed heavyweight champion Mike Tyson lost via knockout to the 42--1 underdog Buster Douglas.	Mike Tyson vs. Buster Douglas	boxing
sport	Vladimir Mihailović (Cyrillic: Владимир Михаиловић; born August 10, 1990) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who currently plays for WALTER Tigers Tübingen in Germany.	Vladimir Mihailović	basketball
sport	The 2012 Haarlem Baseball Week was an international baseball competition held at the Pim Mulier Stadium in Haarlem, the Netherlands from July 13--22, 2012.	2012 Haarlem Baseball Week	baseball
sport	Marco Rosa (born January 15, 1982) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center who currently plays for the Grizzly Adams Wolfsburg of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Marco Rosa	ice hockey
sport	Theodor von Scheve (11 June 1851 -- 19 April 1922) was a German chess master and writer.	Theodor von Scheve	chess
sport	The 2001 Kroger St. Jude International was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Racquet Club of Memphis in Memphis, Tennessee in the United States that was part of the International Series Gold of the 2001 ATP Tour.	2001 Kroger St. Jude International	tennis
sport	Khaseem Greene (born February 4, 1989) is an American football linebacker who currently is on the Detroit Lions practice squad.	Khaseem Greene	American football
sport	Desire Montgomery Butler (born 5 January 1967) is a former association football and cricket player from British Virgin Islands (BVI).	Desire Montgomery Butler	association football
sport	Frank von Behren (born 28 September 1976 in Hille) is a retired German team handball player.	Frank von Behren	handball
sport	Adam Freier (born 20 March 1980) is a retired rugby union footballer.	Adam Freier	rugby union
sport	The Dandenong Rangers are an Australian professional women's basketball team competing in the Women's National Basketball League (WNBL).	Dandenong Rangers	basketball
spouse	Jean Bethine Clark Church (February 19, 1923 -- December 21, 2013), was the spouse of U.S. Senator Frank Church of Idaho.	Bethine Clark Church	Frank Church
spouse	Leah Rabin (Hebrew: לאה רבין‎, née Schloßberg; April 8, 1928 -- November 12, 2000) was the widow of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin, who was assassinated in 1995.	Leah Rabin	Yitzhak Rabin
spouse	Rahul Ravindran is married to singer Chinmayi, whom he began dating in June 2013 after being introduced through mutual friends.	Rahul Ravindran	Chinmayi
spouse	'' Lastenia Larriva outlived her husband, the Ecuadorian poet Numa Pompilio Llona (1832-1907), who was one of the most popular and well-read poets in Ecuador in his time.	Lastenia Larriva	Numa Pompilio Llona
spouse	Lúthien's romance with the mortal man Beren is one of the greatest stories of the Elder Days and was considered the ``chief'' of the Silmarillion tales by Tolkien himself.	Lúthien	Beren
spouse	Valentin Yumashev and his wife Tatyana Yumasheva (daughter of the first president of Russia Boris Yeltsin) own half of the tower Imperia Tower in ``Moscow International Business Center'' and half of the business center of ``CITY'' (49.58% of shares).	Valentin Yumashev	Tatyana Yumasheva
spouse	Ava Helen Pauling (December 24, 1903 -- December 7, 1981) was an American human rights activist and wife of Nobel Prize winner Linus Pauling.	Ava Helen Pauling	Linus Pauling
spouse	Maud Gage Baum (March 27, 1861 -- March 6, 1953) was the wife of L. Frank Baum.	Maud Gage Baum	L. Frank Baum
spouse	Æthelthryth made an early first marriage in around 652 to Tondberct, chief or prince of the South Gyrwe.	Æthelthryth	Tondberct
spouse	Adrian Bryan-Brown married the theatrical photographer Joan Marcus in 1991.	Adrian Bryan-Brown	Joan Marcus
spouse	Lynn Forester de Rothschild, Lady de Rothschild (born Lynn Forester; July 2, 1954) is the chief executive officer of E.L. Rothschild, a holding company she owns with her third husband, Sir Evelyn Robert de Rothschild, a member of the Rothschild family.	Lynn Forester de Rothschild	Evelyn Robert de Rothschild
spouse	Anna Philanthropene (fl. 1395--1404) was the second Empress consort of Manuel III of Trebizond.	Anna Philanthropene	Manuel III of Trebizond
spouse	Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Glücksburg (German: Viktoria Adelheid Helene Luise Marie Friederike; 31 December 1885 -- 3 October 1970) was the consort of Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and maternal grandmother of Carl XVI of Sweden.	Princess Victoria Adelaide of Schleswig-Holstein	Charles Edward, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha
spouse	In 1959, Grace Ogot married the professor and historian Professor Bethwell Allan Ogot, a Luo from Gem Location, and later became the mother of four children.	Grace Ogot	Bethwell Allan Ogot
spouse	Radhia Nasraoui is married with Hamma Hammami, secretary general of the Workers' Party since 1981 and they have three daughters, Nadia, and Sarah Oussaïma	Radhia Nasraoui	Hamma Hammami
spouse	Gary Ewing was the second son of oil baron Jock Ewing and Miss Ellie Ewing, the father of Lucy Ewing and the ex-husband of Valene Ewing.	Gary Ewing	Valene Ewing
spouse	Pieter van Vollenhoven, Jr. (born 30 April 1939) is the husband of Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and a member, by marriage, of the Dutch Royal House.	Pieter van Vollenhoven	Princess Margriet of the Netherlands
spouse	Eleanor of Provence (c. 1223 -- 24/25 June 1291) was Queen consort of England, as the spouse of King Henry III of England, from 1236 until his death in 1272.	Eleanor of Provence	Henry III of England
spouse	Big Barda, the character's love-interest was introduced in Mister Miracle #4 (Oct. 1971).	Mister Miracle	Big Barda
spouse	Elizabeth Okie Paxton (1877--1971) was an American painter, married to another artist William McGregor Paxton (1869--1941).	Elizabeth Okie Paxton	William McGregor Paxton
spouse	Nebsemi was an ancient Egyptian queen consort, a wife of Pharaoh Thutmose III of the 18th dynasty.	Nebsemi	Thutmose III
spouse	In May 2007, Toby Stephens and his wife of six years, New Zealand actress Anna-Louise Plowman, had their first child, son Eli Alistair.	Toby Stephens	Anna-Louise Plowman
spouse	Margaret of Durazzo (Italian: Margherita di Durazzo 28 July 1347 -- 6 August 1412) was Queen of Naples and Hungary and Princess of Achaea as the spouse of Charles III of Naples, and later regent of Naples during the minority of her son.	Margaret of Durazzo	Charles III of Naples
spouse	Empress Xiaoxianchun (28 March 1712 -- 8 April 1748) was the first Empress Consort of the Qianlong Emperor of the Qing dynasty.	Empress Xiaoxianchun	Qianlong Emperor
spouse	Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun (c. 1227 -- after 1252) was a French heiress and the wife of two French noblemen Jean I de Montfort, and Jean de Brienne, Grand Butler of France.	Jeanne, Dame de Chateaudun	Jean I de Montfort
spouse	Wendy Lee Gramm (born January 10, 1945) is an American economist and a distinguished senior scholar at George Mason University's Mercatus Center, a free-market think tank based in Washington D.C. She is also the wife of former United States Senator Phil Gramm.	Wendy Lee Gramm	Phil Gramm
spouse	Vaino Vahing has been married to writer Maimu Berg and actress Heli Vahing.	Vaino Vahing	Maimu Berg	Heli Vahing
spouse	Karan Patel married Ankita Bhargava on 3 May 2015 in Mumbai.	Karan Patel	Ankita Bhargava
spouse	Princess Helen of Greece and Denmark (Greek: Ελένη; 2 May/3 May 1896 -- 28 November 1982) was married to King Carol II of Romania prior to his accession, and was the mother of King Michael.	Helen of Greece and Denmark	Carol II of Romania
spouse	Irene Lekapene (born Maria; Bulgarian: Ирина Лакапина, Greek: Μαρία/Ειρήνη Λακαπηνή, died ca. 966) was the Empress consort of Peter I of Bulgaria.	Irene Lekapene	Peter I of Bulgaria
spouse	Princess Lan (蘭王妃, personal name unknown) was the wife of Murong Sheng (Emperor Zhaowu), an emperor of the Chinese/Xianbei state Later Yan, while he was an imperial prince.	Princess Lan	Murong Sheng
taxon rank	Ansonia jeetsukumarani (common name: Jeet Sukumaran's torrent-dwelling toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Ansonia jeetsukumarani	species
taxon rank	Haliotis jacnensis, common name : the Jacna abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis jacnensis	species
taxon rank	Mithraculus sculptus, the green clinging crab or emerald crab, is a species of crab in the family Majidae.	Mithraculus sculptus	species
taxon rank	The indigobirds and whydahs, are a family, Viduidae, of small passerine birds native to Africa.	Viduidae	family
taxon rank	Carabus pyrenaeus is a species of ground beetle in the Iniopachus subgenus, that can be found in Andorra, France, and Spain.	Carabus pyrenaeus	species
taxon rank	Chrysiptera tricincta is a species of damselfish.	Chrysiptera tricincta	species
taxon rank	Crocidura annamitensis is a small species of shrew from Vietnam, where it is found in the Annamite Range.	Crocidura annamitensis	species
taxon rank	Viola douglasii is a species of violet known by the common name Douglas' violet, or Douglas' golden violet.	Viola douglasii	species
taxon rank	Until 1930, Barnes' astrapia (and all the other hybrid birds of paradise) were thought to be species and were named as such.	Barnes' astrapia	species
taxon rank	Pholistoma racemosum is a species of flowering plant in the borage family which is known by the common name racemose fiesta flower.	Pholistoma racemosum	species
taxon rank	Chiropsalmus quadrumanus, commonly known as the four-handed box jellyfish, is a species of box jellyfish in class Cubozoa.	Chiropsalmus quadrumanus	species
taxon rank	Geopora cooperi, commonly known as the pine truffle or the fuzzy truffle, is a species of fungus in the family Pyronemataceae.	Geopora cooperi	species
taxon rank	Keckiella antirrhinoides (formerly Penstemon antirrhinoides) is a species of flowering shrub in the plantain family known by the common names snapdragon penstemon and chaparral beardtongue.	Keckiella antirrhinoides	species
taxon rank	Auerodendron pauciflorum is a rare species of flowering plant in the Rhamnaceae family.	Auerodendron pauciflorum	species
taxon rank	Pseudamnicola anteisensis is a species of small brackish water snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Pseudamnicola anteisensis	species
taxon rank	Lethrinus laticaudis, the Grass emperor, is a species of emperor native to the western Pacific Ocean where they occur on coral reefs at depths of from 5 to 35 metres (16 to 115 ft).	Lethrinus laticaudis	species
taxon rank	Phacus is a genus of unicellular protists, of the phylum Euglenozoa (also known as Euglenophyta).	Phacus	genus
taxon rank	Isocoma acradenia is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name alkali goldenbush.	Isocoma acradenia	species
taxon rank	Paphiopedilum niveum is a species of orchid occurring from peninsular Thailand to peninsular Malaysia.	Paphiopedilum niveum	species
taxon rank	Polymesoda maritima, or the maritime marsh clam, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Corbiculidae.	Polymesoda maritima	species
taxon rank	The sand darters, family Kraemeriidae, are a small family (about 9 species) of Perciformes fishes native to the Indian Ocean to the central Pacific Ocean.	Kraemeriidae	family
taxon rank	Baviola is a genus of jumping spiders with three described species.	Baviola	genus
taxon rank	Kirgizemys is an extinct genus of turtle from Early Cretaceous of China, Mongolia, Russia and Kyrgyzstan.	Kirgizemys	genus
taxon rank	Philaeus chrysops is a species of jumping spider (Salticidae).	Philaeus chrysops	species
taxon rank	Lampropeltis getula, commonly known as the eastern kingsnake, common kingsnake, or chain kingsnake (more), is a harmless colubrid species endemic to the United States and Mexico.	Lampropeltis getula	species
taxon rank	Pinguicula primuliflora ( /ˌpɪˈŋgwɪkjələ ˌpɹɪmjʊləˈfloːɹə/ ), commonly known as the southern butterwort or primrose butterwort, is a species of carnivorous plant belonging to the genus Pinguicula.	Pinguicula primuliflora	species
taxon rank	Hypericum olympicum (Mount Olympus St. John's wort) is a species of flowering plant in the family Hypericaceae.	Hypericum olympicum	species
taxon rank	Mahonia cardiophylla is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 2001.	Mahonia cardiophylla	species
taxon rank	Cyathea hooglandii is a species of tree fern native to the Western Highlands of New Guinea, where it grows in mossy forest at an altitude of about 3000 m. The trunk of this plant is erect, up to 3 m tall and approximately 10 cm in diameter.	Cyathea hooglandii	species
taxon rank	Canobius is an extinct genus of early ray-finned fish that lived in the Carboniferous period of Europe.	Canobius	genus
taxon rank	Blechnum spicant is a species of fern in the family polypodiaceae, known by the common names hard-fern or deer fern.	Blechnum spicant	species
taxon rank	Turbonilla indispensabilis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae.	Turbonilla indispensabilis	species
taxon rank	Medauroidea extradentata, commonly known as the Vietnamese or Annam walking stick, is a species of the family Phasmatidae.	Medauroidea extradentata	species
taxon rank	Excoecaria agallocha, a mangrove species, belongs to the genus Excoecaria of the family Euphorbiaceae.	Excoecaria agallocha	species
taxon rank	Leptodactylus wagneri (common name: Wagner's white-lipped frog) is a species of frog in the Leptodactylidae family.	Leptodactylus wagneri	species
taxon rank	Ornithocephalus falcatus is a species of orchid found from the Guianas, Venezuela, Ecuador, and Peru.	Ornithocephalus falcatus	species
taxon rank	Cimoliornis is a pterosaur genus containing the single species Cimoliornis diomedeus.	Cimoliornis	genus
taxon rank	Lythrurus roseipinnis, the cherryfin shiner, is a species of fish native to Mississippi, Alabama, and Louisiana in the southeastern United States.	Lythrurus roseipinnis	species
taxon rank	Thylacodes squamigerus, common name the scaled wormsnail, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Vermetidae, the worm snails.	Thylacodes squamigerus	species
taxon rank	Conus nimbosus, common name the stormy cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus nimbosus	species
taxon rank	Hemidactylus reticulatus, commonly known as the Reticulated Leaf-toed Gecko, is a species of terrestrial, nocturnal, insectivorous gecko found in rocky areas of South India.	Hemidactylus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	Aristolochia tomentosa is a species of flowering plant in the Aristolochiaceae family.	Aristolochia tomentosa	species
taxon rank	Paracroton zeylanicus is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae that is endemic to south-western parts of Sri Lanka.	Paracroton zeylanicus	species
taxon rank	Rubus paludivagusis a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus paludivagus	species
taxon rank	Megacephala ion is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Sumlin in 1997.	Megacephala ion	species
taxon rank	Agrianthus is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae described as a genus in 1836.	Agrianthus	genus
taxon rank	Aromobates, sometimes known as the skunk frogs, is a genus of frogs from the Andes of Venezuela and Colombia.	Aromobates	genus
taxon rank	Haliotis brazieri, common name Brazier's ear shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis brazieri	species
taxon rank	Ribes watsonianum is a North American species of currant known by the common names spring gooseberry and wild gooseberry.	Ribes watsonianum	species
taxon rank	Cophoscincopus (common name: keeled water skinks) is a genus of skinks endemic to West Africa.	Cophoscincopus	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Laricina mollis.	Laricina	species
taxon rank	Chilonopsis blofeldi was a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae.	Chilonopsis blofeldi	species
taxon rank	Vesperus sanzi is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and western Spain.	Vesperus sanzi	species
taxon rank	Dendropsophus columbianus (common name: Boettger's Colombian treefrog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Dendropsophus columbianus	species
taxon rank	Lyncina sulcidentata, common name the Square Toothed Cowry or Groove Toothed Cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Lyncina sulcidentata	species
taxon rank	Longitarsus alfierii is a species of beetle in the Galerucinae subfamily that can be found in such European countries as Bulgaria, Greece, Republic of Macedonia, Spain, Ukraine, Yugoslavia, and on Crete.	Longitarsus alfierii	species
taxon rank	Dryinus grimaldii is an extinct species of wasp in the dryinid genus Dryinus.	Dryinus grimaldii	species
taxon rank	Thelephora is a genus of fungi in the family Thelephoraceae.	Thelephora	genus
taxon rank	Engina tuberculosa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Engina tuberculosa	species
taxon rank	Lepidothamnus intermedius (Yellow Silver Pine) is a species of conifer in the Podocarpaceae family.	Lepidothamnus intermedius	species
taxon rank	Weberocereus is genus of cacti.	Weberocereus	genus
taxon rank	Sauropelta (/ˌsɔːroʊˈpɛltə/ SAWR-o-PEL-tə; meaning 'lizard shield') is a genus of nodosaurid dinosaur that existed in the Early Cretaceous Period of North America.	Sauropelta	genus
taxon rank	Baccharoides is a genus of Asian and African plants in the evil tribe within the sunflower family.	Baccharoides	genus
taxon rank	Multiclavula vernalis is a species of clavarioid fungus in the family Clavulinaceae.	Multiclavula vernalis	species
taxon rank	Crepis pannonica (pasture hawksbeard) is a European species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Crepis pannonica	species
taxon rank	Crataegus pruinosa is a species of hawthorn known by the common name frosted hawthorn.	Crataegus pruinosa	species
taxon rank	Japalura is a genus of lizards in the family Agamidae.	Japalura	genus
taxon rank	Salix eriocarpa is a species of willow native to wet lowlands of Japan.	Salix eriocarpa	species
taxon rank	Phoebe chekiangensis is a species of tree up to 20 metres (66 ft) in the Lauraceae family.	Phoebe chekiangensis	species
taxon rank	Cerithidea valida is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Potamididae.	Cerithidea valida	species
taxon rank	Stephanostegia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae first described as a genus in 1888.	Stephanostegia	genus
taxon rank	Boleophthalmus dussumieri is a species of mudskipper native to the Indian Ocean where it can be found on mudflats in fresh, brackish and marine waters of Iraq, Pakistan and India as well as probably in Bangladesh.	Boleophthalmus dussumieri	species
taxon rank	The Bengal mongoose (Herpestes javanicus palustris) is a subspecies of the small Asian mongoose.	Bengal mongoose	subspecies
taxon rank	Lobophyllia corymbosa, the lobed cactus coral or brain root coral, is a species of large polyp stony coral in the family Lobophylliidae.	Lobophyllia corymbosa	species
taxon rank	Myosotis nemorosa (syn. Myosotis strigulosa) is a plant species of the genus Myosotis.	Myosotis nemorosa	species
taxon rank	Gongora aceras is a species of orchid found in Colombia and western Ecuador.	Gongora aceras	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus foecunda, commonly known as Narrow-leaf Red Mallee, Black Mallee, Fremantle Mallee or Coastal Dune Mallee, is a species of plant in the myrtle family that is endemic to Australia.	Eucalyptus foecunda	species
taxon rank	Castilleja caudata, common name Port Clarence Indian paintbrush or Pale Indian Paintbrush, is a plant species native to Alaska, Yukon, Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and the northeastern part of Asiatic Russia.	Castilleja caudata	species
taxon rank	Vitis davidii is a species of vining plant native to Asia.	Vitis davidii	species
taxon rank	Saulea is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Ampullariidae, the apple snails.	Saulea	genus
taxon rank	Acanthodactylus ahmaddisii or the Jordanian fringe-fingered lizard is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family.	Acanthodactylus ahmaddisii	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron rufum (黄毛杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to southwestern China, where it grows at altitudes of 2300--3800 meters.	Rhododendron rufum	species
taxon rank	Elaphoglossum pattersoniae is a very rare species of fern that grows in Peru.	Elaphoglossum pattersoniae	species
taxon rank	Millettia leucantha or sathon is a species of plant in the Fabaceae family.	Millettia leucantha	species
taxon rank	Haliotis ovina, common name the sheep's ear abalone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis ovina	species
taxon rank	Synechocystis is a genus of unicellular, freshwater cyanobacteria primarily represented by the strain Synechocystis sp. PCC6803.	Synechocystis	genus
taxon rank	Lilium fargesii is a Chinese species of plants in the lily family native to Hubei, Shaanxi, Sichuan and Yunnan provinces of China.	Lilium fargesii	species
taxon rank	Arrhenodes digramma is a species of Brentidae family.	Arrhenodes digramma	species
taxon rank	Acacia lineata, commonly known as Streaked Wattle, is a shrub species that is endemic to eastern Australia.	Acacia lineata	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Bettsia alvei.	Bettsia	species
taxon rank	Triantha racemosa, commonly called the coastal false asphodel or southern bog asphodel, is a species of flowering plant in the Tofieldia family.	Triantha racemosa	species
taxon rank	Leptosiphon aureus is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name golden linanthus.	Leptosiphon aureus	species
taxon rank	Allium hymenorhizum is a Eurasian species of wild onions in the amaryllis family.	Allium hymenorhizum	species
taxon rank	Allium tekesicola is a plant species endemic to the Ili River Basin in Xinjiang and Kazakhstan.	Allium tekesicola	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Lafajana cupra, which is found in Ecuador.	Lafajana	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Neoguillauminia cleopatra, endemic to New Caledonia.	Neoguillauminia	species
taxon rank	Senecio astephanus is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Gabriel ragwort.	Senecio astephanus	species
taxon rank	Steinheilia mandibularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Steinheilia.	Steinheilia	species
taxon rank	Justicia flaviflora is a species of herbaceous plant in the family Acanthaceae.	Justicia flaviflora	species
taxon rank	Venaticosuchus is a genus of Late Triassic quadrupedal crurotarsan archosaur.	Venaticosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Odonteleotris is a small genus of sleeper gobies native to tropical marine waters of the western Pacific Ocean and fresh and brackish waters of southern Asia.	Odonteleotris	genus
taxon rank	Thalotia conica, common name the conical top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Thalotia conica	species
taxon rank	Coloptychon rhombifer, also known as the isthmian alligator lizard, is a species of lizard of the Anguidae family.	Coloptychon rhombifer	species
taxon rank	Bothrocophias is a genus of venomous snakes in the Crotalinae subfamily of the Viperidae family.	Bothrocophias	genus
taxon rank	Rhadinosticta banksi is an Australian species of damselfly in the family Isostictidae, commonly known as the northern wiretail.	Rhadinosticta banksi	species
taxon rank	Dialommus fuscus, the Galápagos four-eyed blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the coasts of the Galapagos Islands.	Dialommus fuscus	species
taxon rank	Aloe aldabrensis (previously Lomatophyllum aldabrensis) is a species of Aloe endemic to the islands of Aldabra in the Indian Ocean, where it can still be found in coastal scrub on limestone-based soil.	Aloe aldabrensis	species
taxon rank	Macropomoides is an extinct genus of lobe-finned fish which lived during the Cretaceous period.	Macropomoides	genus
taxon rank	The Datiscaceae are a family of Dicotyledonous plants, containing two species of the genus Datisca.	Datisca	genus
taxon rank	Orestias parinacotensis is a species of fish in the Cyprinodontidae family.	Orestias parinacotensis	species
taxon rank	Nodularia is a genus of filamentous nitrogen-fixing cyanobacteria, or blue-green algae.	Nodularia	genus
taxon rank	Lophozozymus pulchellus is a species of crab in the family Xanthidae.	Lophozozymus pulchellus	species
taxon rank	As of August 2013 the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families recognises the single species Schizozygia coffaeoides.	Schizozygia	species
taxon rank	Enhydrocyon basilatus is an extinct species of bone crushing hesperocyonid dog that lived during the Late Oligocene to Miocene living from 24.8--20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 4.2 million years.	Enhydrocyon basilatus	species
taxon rank	Some experts divide Agrocybe pediades into several species, mainly by habitat and microscopic features, such as spore size.	Agrocybe pediades	species
taxon rank	Clinids are blennioids; perciform marine fish of the family Clinidae.	Clinid	family
taxon rank	The Austin blind salamander (Eurycea waterlooensis) is an endangered species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae, endemic to Barton Springs in Austin, Texas, United States.	Austin blind salamander	species
taxon rank	Dendrobium taurinum, the Bull Orchid, is a species of flowering plant in the Orchidaceae family.	Dendrobium taurinum	species
taxon rank	The genus contains the single species Gigantiops destructor, which is also the sole member of the tribe Gigantiopini.	Gigantiops	species
taxon rank	The North China sika deer or Mandarin sika deer (Cervus nippon mandarinus) is one of the many subspecies of sika deer.	North China sika deer	subspecies
taxon rank	Xenochrophis is a genus of colubrid snakes endemic to Asia.	Xenochrophis	genus
taxon rank	Galatheacaris abyssalis is a rare species of shrimp, now thought to be a larval stage of another genus, Eugonatonotus.	Galatheacaris	species
taxon rank	Melica bocquetii, is a species of grass in the Poaceae family endemic to the Subbaetic System of southern Spain.	Melica bocquetii	species
taxon rank	Lissotesta is a genus of minute sea snails or micromolluscs, marine gastropod molluscs, unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea.	Lissotesta	genus
taxon rank	Primula sieboldii (Japanese primrose) is a species of primrose that is endemic to East Asia.	Primula sieboldii	species
taxon rank	Guynesomia is a genus of Chilean flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Guynesomia	genus
taxon rank	Percopsis is a small genus of percopsiform fishes native to North America, with these two recognized species:	Percopsis	genus
taxon rank	Lyncina carneola, common name the Carnelian cowrie, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Lyncina carneola	species
taxon rank	Afrixalus fornasini is a species of frog in the Hyperoliidae family and is native to Africa.	Afrixalus fornasini	species
taxon rank	Pseudohemiodon thorectes is a species of armored catfish endemic to Bolivia where it is found in the Mamoré River basin.	Pseudohemiodon thorectes	species
taxon rank	Nassellaria is an order of protist belonging to the class Radiolaria.	Nassellaria	order
taxon rank	Valeriana sitchensis is a species of valerian known by the common name Sitka valerian.	Valeriana sitchensis	species
taxon rank	Cristiceps is a genus of clinids native to the Indo-Pacific waters around Australia and New Zealand.	Cristiceps	genus
taxon rank	Petinomys is a genus of rodent in the family Sciuridae.	Petinomys	genus
taxon rank	Ficus deltoidea, commonly known as mistletoe fig (Mas Cotek in Malaysian or สาลิกาลิ้นทอง in Thai) is a large shrub or small tree species native to Southeast Asia, and widely naturalized in other parts of the world.	Ficus deltoidea	species
taxon rank	Caltha palustris is a highly polymorphic species, showing continuous and independent variation in many features.	Caltha palustris	species
taxon rank	Merostachys is a Neotropical genus of bamboo in the grass family.	Merostachys	genus
taxon rank	Serapias parviflora, the small-flowered tongue-orchid, is a species of orchid native to the Mediterranean Basin and the Atlantic coast of Europe.	Serapias parviflora	species
taxon rank	Pennella is a genus of large copepods which are common parasites of large pelagic fishes.	Pennella	genus
taxon rank	Melica hyalina is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Brazil and southern South America.	Melica hyalina	species
taxon rank	Hemidesmus indicus, Indian sarsaparilla ( Sanskrit: நறு நெட்டி Nannari, क्षीरिणी Kshirini, कराला Karala,اُشبا Punjabi), is a species of plant that is found in South Asia.	Hemidesmus indicus	species
taxon rank	Stipa zalesskii is a species of grass in the Poaceae family, endemic in Europe and Asia.	Stipa zalesskii	species
taxon rank	Nebria angusticollis angusticollis is a subspecies of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in the Alps of France, Italy, and Switzerland.	Nebria angusticollis angusticollis	subspecies
taxon rank	Nebria commixta is a species of black coloured ground beetle from Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Armenia, Georgia, and Russia.	Nebria commixta	species
taxon rank	Geckonia is a monotypic gecko genus endemic to Africa.	Geckonia	genus
taxon rank	Parachiloglanis hodgarti is a species of catfish of the family Sisoridae.	Parachiloglanis hodgarti	species
taxon rank	Sargus bipunctatus, the twin-spot centurion, is a European species of soldier fly.	Sargus bipunctatus	species
taxon rank	Herpetosiphon giganteus is a species of bacteria in the genus Herpetosiphon known to produce 16 restriction enzymes.	Herpetosiphon giganteus	species
taxon rank	Calochortus coxii is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family known by the common names Cox's mariposa lily and crinite mariposa lily.	Calochortus coxii	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis kazumbei is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Tanzania, where it occurs in the lower Malagarasi River and the Luiche River.	Chiloglanis kazumbei	species
taxon rank	Taurotragus is a genus of large antelopes of the African savanna, commonly known as elands.	Taurotragus	genus
taxon rank	Dacrydium gibbsiae is a conifer species native to Borneo.	Dacrydium gibbsiae	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum kelloggii is a rare species of wild buckwheat known by the common names Red Mountain buckwheat and Kellogg's buckwheat.	Eriogonum kelloggii	species
taxon rank	Diplodocids, or members of the family Diplodocidae (``double beams''), are a group of sauropod dinosaurs.	Diplodocid	family
taxon rank	Rubus caesius is a Eurasian species of dewberry, known as the European dewberry.	Rubus caesius	species
taxon rank	Erigeron tweedyi is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Tweedy's fleabane.	Erigeron tweedyi	species
taxon rank	Hoplolichoides conicotuberculatus is a species of trilobites belonging to the family Lichidae.	Hoplolichoides conicotuberculatus	species
taxon rank	It is the only known species of the genus Solimoea.	Solimoea	species
taxon rank	Chrosiothes is a spider genus that occurs almost exclusively in the New World from the USA to Brazil, with one species found in China, Korea and Japan, and two species endemic to Taiwan.	Chrosiothes	genus
taxon rank	Trichoniscus pusillus, sometimes called the common pygmy woodlouse, is one of the five most common species of woodlice in the British Isles.	Trichoniscus pusillus	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Frondicola tunitricuspis, described as new to science by mycologist Kevin Hyde in 1992.	Frondicola	species
taxon rank	Nanorana rostandi (common names: Dubois' paa frog, Rostand's paa frog, Dubois' frog) is a species of frog in the Dicroglossidae family.	Nanorana rostandi	species
taxon rank	Kyllinga is genus of flowering plants in the sedge family known commonly as spikesedges.	Kyllinga	genus
taxon rank	Pethia pookodensis is a species of cyprinid fish found in Kerala, India where it is only known to occur in Pookode Lake in the Western Ghats.	Pethia pookodensis	species
taxon rank	Paracanthostracion lindsayi is a species of boxfish endemic to New Zealand.	Paracanthostracion lindsayi	species
taxon rank	Phyllocnistis intermediella is a moth of the Gracillariidae family, known from Florida, U.S.A. The hostplants for the species include Mastichodendron foetidissimum, and Sideroxylon pallidum.	Phyllocnistis intermediella	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria crassifolia is a Middle Eastern species of bulb-forming plants in the lily family, native to Iran, Iraq, Turkey, Syria, and Lebanon.	Fritillaria crassifolia	species
taxon rank	Senra incana is a flowering plant species in the genus Senra.	Senra incana	species
taxon rank	Tucetona bicolor is a species of dog cockle.	Tucetona bicolor	species
taxon rank	Ctenophorus decresii, also known as the Tawny Dragon, is a species of lizard commonly found in Australia.	Ctenophorus decresii	species
taxon rank	Stachys clingmanii, or Clingman's hedgenettle, is a North American species of plants in the mint family.	Stachys clingmanii	species
taxon rank	Lynchius flavomaculatus (common name: yellow-spotted Andes frog) is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Lynchius flavomaculatus	species
taxon rank	Habrosyne is a genus of moth belonging to the Drepanidae family.	Habrosyne	genus
taxon rank	Phaeothamniophyceae is a class of heterokonts.	Phaeothamniophyceae	class
taxon rank	Ventenata dubia is a species of grass known by the common names North Africa grass and wiregrass.	Ventenata dubia	species
taxon rank	The Alicyclobacillaceae are a family of Gram-positive bacteria.	Alicyclobacillaceae	family
taxon rank	Acrobasis indigenella, the leaf crumpler, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis indigenella	species
taxon rank	Volvarina capensis, common name the Cape marginella, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, the margin snails.	Volvarina capensis	species
taxon rank	Cyphophthalmi is a suborder of harvestmen, with about 36 genera, and more than hundred described species.	Cyphophthalmi	suborder
taxon rank	Codakia punctata, common name the punctate codakia, is a species of saltwater clam, a marine bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Codakia punctata	species
taxon rank	Porcellio formosus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in San Pedro and San Francisco of California.	Porcellio formosus	species
taxon rank	Polistes major major is a neotropical eusocial paper wasp subspecies most commonly found on the Hispaniola Island and within Central America.	Polistes major major	subspecies
taxon rank	Beishanodon is a genus of eucynodont from Lower Triassic of China.	Beishanodon	genus
taxon rank	Dorcaschema is a New World genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae.	Dorcaschema	genus
taxon rank	Polycera faeroensis is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Polycera faeroensis	species
taxon rank	Protalaridris is a genus of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae containing the single species Protalaridris armata.	Protalaridris	species
taxon rank	Lobelia monostachya (Waianae Range lobelia) is a species of flowering plant in the Campanulaceae family that is endemic to the island of Oʻahu in Hawaii.	Lobelia monostachya	species
taxon rank	Berberis glauca is a shrub in the Berberidaceae described as a species in 1821.	Berberis glauca	species
taxon rank	Salix polaris (polar willow) is a species of willow with a circumpolar distribution in the high arctic tundra, extending north to the limits of land, and south of the Arctic in the mountains of Norway, the northern Ural Mountains, the northern Altay Mountains, Kamchatka, and British Columbia, Canada.	Salix polaris	species
taxon rank	Olenecoceras is a genus of Middle Cambrian fossil that, once believed to be a cephalopod, has since been excluded from that group (although no alternative classification has been offered).	Olenecoceras	genus
taxon rank	Ribes glandulosum, the skunk currant, is a North American species of flowering plant in the currant family.	Ribes glandulosum	species
taxon rank	Nembrotha kubaryana, also known as the variable neon slug, is a species of colorful sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Polyceridae.	Nembrotha kubaryana	species
taxon rank	Ptychobranchus subtentum, also known as the Fluted kidneyshell, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Ptychobranchus subtentum	species
taxon rank	Leptobrachium liui (Pope's spiny toad, Chong'an moustache toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Leptobrachium liui	species
taxon rank	Salix matsudana (Chinese Willow) is a species of willow native to northeastern China.	Salix matsudana	species
taxon rank	Trochomorpha melvillensis is a species of land snail in the family Trochomorphidae.	Trochomorpha melvillensis	species
taxon rank	Suillus decipiens is an edible species of mushroom in the Suillaceae family.	Suillus decipiens	species
taxon rank	Peach and nectarines are the same species, even though they are regarded commercially as different fruits.	Peach	species
taxon rank	Camissoniopsis cheiranthifolia (beach suncup or beach evening primrose) is a species of the evening primrose family and is native to open dunes and sandy soils of coastal California and Oregon.	Camissoniopsis cheiranthifolia	species
taxon rank	The arapaima, pirarucu, or paiche are any large species of bonytongue in the genus Arapaima native to the Amazon and Essequibo basins of South America.	Arapaima	species
taxon rank	Buchanania onchidioides is a rare species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Buchanania onchidioides	species
taxon rank	Digitaria pauciflora is a species of grass known by the common names twospike crabgrass, Florida pineland crabgrass, Everglades grass, few-flowered fingergrass, and particular grass.	Digitaria pauciflora	species
taxon rank	Bithynia fuchsiana is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Bithyniidae.	Bithynia fuchsiana	species
taxon rank	Palaeoniscidae is a family of fish who possessed a bony skeleton and operculum.	Palaeoniscidae	family
taxon rank	Ingerana is a genus of frogs in Dicroglossidae family.	Ingerana	genus
taxon rank	Lopholithodes is a genus of king crab.	Lopholithodes	genus
taxon rank	Orthocis zoufali is a species of tree-fungus beetle in Ciidae family which is endemic to Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Orthocis zoufali	species
taxon rank	Sitana fusca is a species of agamid lizard endemic to Nepal.	Sitana fusca	species
taxon rank	It contains only one known species, Corynanthera flava, endemic to Shire of Irwin in Western Australia.	Corynanthera	species
taxon rank	Loeseliastrum (calico) is a small genus of flowering plants in the phlox family.	Loeseliastrum	genus
taxon rank	Chilomycterus reticulatus, common name ``spotfin burrfish'', ``spotted burrfish'', or ``purgeon fish'', is a species of fish in the genus Chilomycterus.	Chilomycterus reticulatus	species
taxon rank	In taxonomy, Halostagnicola is a genus of the Archaea.	Halostagnicola	genus
taxon rank	Bothrops iglesiasi, or the Cerrado lancehead, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Bothrops iglesiasi	species
taxon rank	Vaccinium boreale, common name northern blueberry, sweet hurts or (in French) bleuet boréal, is a plant species native to the northeastern United States and eastern Canada.	Vaccinium boreale	species
taxon rank	Treculia africana, the African breadfruit, is a tree species in the genus Treculia.	Treculia africana	species
taxon rank	Peziza repanda, commonly known as the Palomino cup or recurved cup, is a species of fungus in the genus Peziza, family Pezizaceae.	Peziza repanda	species
taxon rank	Olyra burmanica is a species of longtail catfish endemic to Myanmar where it is found in Pegu Yomas.	Olyra burmanica	species
taxon rank	Scaphella dohrni, commonly known as the Dohrn's volute is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Scaphella dohrni	species
taxon rank	Nebria speiseri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in all states of former Yugoslavia except for Croatia, Macedonia, and Slovenia.	Nebria speiseri	species
taxon rank	Phidippus pius is a species of jumping spider that is found in Central America and North America.	Phidippus pius	species
taxon rank	Erromyzon is a small genus gastromyzontid loaches, three of which are endemic to China and one to Vietnam.	Erromyzon	genus
taxon rank	The sole species Everistia vacciniifolia grows naturally only (endemic) from north eastern NSW through to north eastern Qld, Australia.	Everistia	species
taxon rank	Lantanopsis is a genus of Caribbean flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Lantanopsis	genus
taxon rank	Rhachistia rhodotaenia is a species of air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Cerastidae.	Rhachistia rhodotaenia	species
taxon rank	Petrophile macrostachya is a perennial species of shrub in the plant genus Petrophile.	Petrophile macrostachya	species
taxon rank	Osteogeneiosus militaris, the Soldier catfish, is a species of sea catfish found in the Indian and western Pacific Oceans from Pakistan to the Malay Archipelago.	Osteogeneiosus militaris	species
taxon rank	Megarachne servinei is the only species classified under the genus Megarachne.	Megarachne	genus
taxon rank	Parablennius is a diverse genus of combtooth blennies found in the Atlantic, western Pacific, and Indian oceans.	Parablennius	genus
taxon rank	It is the sole species in the genus Pseudotaxus, but closely related to the other yews in the genus Taxus.	Pseudotaxus	genus
taxon rank	Dioscorea zingiberensis, is a species of yam, a tuberous root vegetable.	Dioscorea zingiberensis	species
taxon rank	Cola lourougnonis is a species of tropical rainforest tree in the family Malvaceae.	Cola lourougnonis	species
taxon rank	Needlefish (family Belonidae) or Long Tom are piscivorous fishes primarily associated with very shallow marine habitats or the surface of the open sea.	Needlefish	family
taxon rank	Pruvotia is a genus of cavibelonian solenogaster.	Pruvotia	genus
taxon rank	Cordana is an ascomycete fungus genus.	Cordana	genus
taxon rank	Bembrops anatirostris, commonly known as a duckbill flathead, is a species of fish in the Percophidae family.	Bembrops anatirostris	species
taxon rank	Cryptantha clevelandii is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name Cleveland's cryptantha.	Cryptantha clevelandii	species
taxon rank	Campanula angustiflora is a species of bellflower known by the common name Eastwood's bellflower.	Campanula angustiflora	species
taxon rank	Rhadinomyia luzonica is a species of insects, ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Rhadinomyia of the family Ulidiidae.	Rhadinomyia luzonica	species
taxon rank	Recilia horvathi is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family that can be found in European countries such as Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Romania, Russia, Ukraine, Slovenia, Switzerland, and former Yugoslavia.	Recilia horvathi	species
taxon rank	The genus Dryolimnas comprises birds in the rail family.	Dryolimnas	genus
taxon rank	Berardia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Berardia subacaulis.	Berardia	genus
taxon rank	Nephelochloa is a genus of Turkish plants in the grass family.	Nephelochloa	genus
taxon rank	Myripristis kuntee is a species of fish in the soldierfish family	Myripristis kuntee	species
taxon rank	Neocrepidodera spectabilis is a species of flea beetle from a leaf beetle family that can be found in Italy and Switzerland.	Neocrepidodera spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Neohoratia minuta is a species of very small freshwater snails that have an operculum, aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Neohoratia minuta	species
taxon rank	Leymus mollis (syn. Elymus mollis) is a species of grass known by the common names American dune grass, American dune wild-rye, sea lyme-grass, strand-wheat, and strand grass.	Leymus mollis	species
taxon rank	Pachypanchax is a genus of aplocheilid killifishes native to freshwater in Madagascar, with one species (P. playfairii) known from Seychelles.	Pachypanchax	genus
taxon rank	Siphlonuridae, also known as a Primitive Minnow Mayfly, are a family of insects belonging to the order Ephemeroptera.	Siphlonuridae	family
taxon rank	Freoexocentrus mirei is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Freoexocentrus.	Freoexocentrus mirei	species
taxon rank	The Eastern crested loach (Paracobitis longicauda) is a species of stone loach native to Asia.	Eastern crested loach	species
taxon rank	Sanicula graveolens is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common names northern sanicle and Sierra blacksnakeroot.	Sanicula graveolens	species
taxon rank	Grevillea patulifolia, commonly known as Swamp Grevillea, is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae.	Grevillea patulifolia	species
taxon rank	The Una virus is an Arbovirus or arthropod-borne virus, transmitted primarily by an arthropod species.	Una virus	species
taxon rank	Liguus virgineus, also known as the Candy Cane Snail or the ``'Virgin Liguus''', is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.	Liguus virgineus	species
taxon rank	Heliodexodes argenteus is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Heliodexodes of the family Tachinidae.	Heliodexodes argenteus	species
taxon rank	Struthio is a genus of bird in the order Struthioniformes.	Struthio	genus
taxon rank	Paranarsia joannisiella is a species of moth in the family Gelechiidae.	Paranarsia	species
taxon rank	Eugenia abbreviata is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family.	Eugenia abbreviata	species
taxon rank	Mitromorpha is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mitromorphidae, in the superfamily Conoidea the cone snails and their allies.	Mitromorpha	genus
taxon rank	Styloleptoides inflaticollis is a species of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, and the only species in the genus Styloleptoides.	Styloleptoides inflaticollis	species
taxon rank	Electroatopos castaneus is an extinct species of ant-like stone beetle, described in 2010, and the only species in the genus Electroatopos.	Electroatopos	genus
taxon rank	Rhyothemis variegata, known as the common picture wing or variegated flutterer, is a species of dragonfly of the family Libellulidae, found in South Asia.	Rhyothemis variegata	species
taxon rank	Opsimus quadrilineatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Opsimus.	Opsimus quadrilineatus	species
taxon rank	Allococalodes cornutus is a jumping spider species in the genus Allococalodes endemic to New Guinea.	Allococalodes cornutus	species
taxon rank	The mud elimia, scientific name Pleurocera alabamensis, is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an gastropod mollusk in the family Pleuroceridae.	Pleurocera alabamensis	species
taxon rank	Inocybe godeyi is a species of Inocybaceae fungus found in Europe.	Inocybe godeyi	species
taxon rank	Lyrocladius is a genus of chironomid midges that belongs to the subfamily Orthocladiinae and is composed of a single species, Lyrocladius radulatus Mendes et Andersen (2008), described from Brazil.	Lyrocladius	genus
taxon rank	Mixophyes hihihorlo is a species of frog in the Myobatrachidae family.	Mixophyes hihihorlo	species
taxon rank	Diandongosaurus is an extinct genus of eosauropterygian known from the lower Middle Triassic (Anisian age) of Yunnan Province, southwestern China.	Diandongosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Morelladon is an extinct genus of herbivorous styracosternan ornithopod dinosaur, that lived during the Early Cretaceous of Spain, around 130 million years ago.	Morelladon	genus
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.	Amorphoscelis siebersi	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia fendleri is a species of euphorb known by the common name Fendler's sandmat.	Euphorbia fendleri	species
taxon rank	Proplanicoxa is a genus of iguanodont dinosaur which existed in what is now England during the Early Cretaceous period (late Barremian stage, around 126 mya).	Proplanicoxa	genus
taxon rank	Carex appropinquata, known as fibrous tussock-sedge, is a species of flowering plant in the family Cyperaceae, commonly known as sedges.	Carex appropinquata	species
taxon rank	Serranus tigrinus is a species of fish in the family Serranidae, which includes the groupers.	Serranus tigrinus	species
taxon rank	Carex spissa is a species of sedge known by the common name San Diego sedge.	Carex spissa	species
taxon rank	Rubus burnhamii, Burnham's blackberry, is a rare North American species of flowering plant in the rose family.	Rubus burnhamii	species
taxon rank	Callochromis melanostigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers sandy bottoms with nearby rocks.	Callochromis melanostigma	species
taxon rank	Nothoscordum bivalve is a species of flowering plant in the Amaryllidaceae known by the common names crowpoison and false garlic.	Nothoscordum bivalve	species
taxon rank	Van Deusen's rat (Rattus vandeuseni) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Van Deusen's rat	species
taxon rank	Tabernanthe is a genus of flowering plants in the dogbane family, Apocynaceae, first described as a genus in 1888.	Tabernanthe	genus
taxon rank	Macrobrachium carcinus is a species of freshwater shrimp native to streams, rivers and creeks from Florida to southern Brazil.	Macrobrachium carcinus	species
taxon rank	Agave eggersiana is an endangered species of spiky plant which grows in the Virgin Islands, in dry, exposed areas.	Agave eggersiana	species
taxon rank	The North American cougar (Puma concolor couguar), is the cougar subspecies once commonly found in eastern North America and still prevalent in the western half of the continent.	North American cougar	subspecies
taxon rank	Macroparalepis affinis is a species of fish which belongs to the Paralepididae(barracudas) family.	Macroparalepis affinis	species
taxon rank	Ungaliophis panamensis, or the Panamanian dwarf boa, is a species of snake in the Tropidophiidae family.	Ungaliophis panamensis	species
taxon rank	The Badlands bighorn, Ovis canadensis auduboni, also commonly known as Audubon's bighorn sheep, is an extinct subspecies of bighorn sheep of the northern Great Plains in North America.	Badlands bighorn	subspecies
taxon rank	Eriocraniidae is a family of moths restricted to the Holarctic region, with six extant genera.	Eriocraniidae	family
taxon rank	Plesiopleurodon is an extinct genus of plesiosauroid from the Late Cretaceous of North America.	Plesiopleurodon	genus
taxon rank	Arachnocoris trinitatis is a true bug species found in Trinidad, West Indies.	Arachnocoris trinitatis	species
taxon rank	Neoplecostomus microps (LDA034) is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Paraíba do Sul River basin.	Neoplecostomus microps	species
taxon rank	Endamoeba is a genus of amoeboids in Amoebozoa.	Endamoeba	genus
taxon rank	Cryptocentrum latifolium is a member of the Orchid family, the largest species in genus Cryptocentrum.	Cryptocentrum latifolium	species
taxon rank	Amanita rubrovolvata, commonly known as the red volva Amanita, is a species of fungus in the Amanitaceae family.	Amanita rubrovolvata	species
taxon rank	Glebocarcinus is a genus of crabs formerly included in the genus Cancer, containing two species:	Glebocarcinus	genus
taxon rank	Calliostoma psyche, common name the psyche top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma psyche	species
taxon rank	Avolatavis is an extinct genus of stem-parrot (pan-psittaciform) known from the early Eocene Fossil Butte Member of the Green River Formation of Wyoming, USA.	Avolatavis	genus
taxon rank	Terminalia australis Cambess is a South American species of large shrub or tree, which reaches up to 12 m in height and 40 cm in diameter.	Terminalia australis	species
taxon rank	Hescheleria is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian marine reptile from the Middle Triassic (247.2 to ~235 Ma) of Monte San Giorgio in Switzerland.	Hescheleria	genus
taxon rank	The specimen was correctly identified as a different species and renamed Rhyniognatha hirsti in 1928 by entomologist Robin J. Tillyard.	Rhyniognatha	species
taxon rank	Chlidanthus is a genus that consists of 10 species of tender bulbs from tropical South America, mostly natives to the Andes.	Chlidanthus	genus
taxon rank	Stenamma alas is a species of ant which can be found in wet forests of Costa Rica on an elevation of 50--1,600 metres (160--5,250 ft).	Stenamma alas	species
taxon rank	Amblydoras monitor is a species of thorny catfish that occurs in the upper Amazon Basin where it can be found in the countries of Brazil, Colombia and Peru.	Amblydoras monitor	species
taxon rank	Asplenium daghestanicum, the Dagestanian spleenwort, is a species of spleenwort that is endemic to Dagestan in Russia.	Asplenium daghestanicum	species
taxon rank	Sulpitus lilla is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Sulpitus.	Sulpitus lilla	species
taxon rank	Recilia rugulans is a species of bug from Cicadellidae family that can be found in South Africa and Swaziland.	Recilia rugulans	species
taxon rank	Platysomus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish that lived in the Carboniferous and Permian periods.	Platysomus	genus
taxon rank	Belonophago is a small genus of distichodontid freshwater fish found in Middle Africa.	Belonophago	genus
taxon rank	Quercus tardifolia, the Chisos Mountains oak or lateleaf oak, is a rare North American species of trees in the beech family.	Quercus tardifolia	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Ateucheta zatesima, which is found in Australia.	Ateucheta	species
taxon rank	Cantharellus lateritius, commonly known as the smooth chanterelle, is a species of edible fungus in the Cantharellaceae family of mushrooms.	Cantharellus lateritius	species
taxon rank	Ummidia aedificatoria is a trapdoor spider species found in Portugal, Spain and Morocco.	Ummidia aedificatoria	species
taxon rank	Neanura muscorum is a species of Collembola in the family Neanuridae and subfamily Neanurinae.	Neanura muscorum	species
taxon rank	Callytron alleni is a species of ground beetles in the genus Callytron.	Callytron alleni	species
taxon rank	Conus kerstitchi, common name Kerstitch's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus kerstitchi	species
taxon rank	Naucleeae is a tribe of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family and contains about 183 species in 24 genera.	Naucleeae	tribe
taxon rank	Lycogala epidendrum, commonly known as wolf's milk, groening's slime is a cosmopolitan species of plasmodial slime mould which is often mistaken for a fungus.	Lycogala epidendrum	species
taxon rank	Favonigobius lateralis is a species of goby native to coastal waters of eastern Australia, Tasmania and New Zealand where it can be found in marine and brackish waters of sandy estuaries.	Favonigobius lateralis	species
taxon rank	Paxistima is a small genus of shrubs in the bittersweet family containing two North American species.	Paxistima	genus
taxon rank	Arborophilinae is a bird subfamily containing the jungle- and wood partridges.	Arborophilinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Alosa saposchnikowii, or the saposhnikovi shad, is a species of fish in the clupeid genus Alosa.	Alosa saposchnikowii	species
taxon rank	Acalypha eremorum is a species of shrubs of the plant family Euphorbiaceae, endemic to Queensland, Australia.	Acalypha eremorum	species
taxon rank	Osmoderma eremita, the hermit beetle or Russian leather beetle, is a species of European beetle in the Scarabaeidae family.	Osmoderma eremita	species
taxon rank	Cacozelia elegans is a snout moth species in the genus Cacozelia.	Cacozelia elegans	species
taxon rank	Notostira erratica is a species of bugs from a Miridae family, subfamily Mirinae that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Azores, Benelux, Faroe Islands, Madeira, Malta, and African and Asia ones such as Canary Islands and Cyprus.	Notostira erratica	species
taxon rank	Aricoris is a genus in the butterfly family Riodinidae present in the Neotropical ecozone.	Aricoris	genus
taxon rank	Ambastaia nigrolineata is a vulnerable species of loach found in the Mekong basin in southeast Asia.	Ambastaia nigrolineata	species
taxon rank	Notophycis is a genus of morid cods.	Notophycis	genus
taxon rank	†Oleacina guadeloupensis was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oleacinidae.	Oleacina guadeloupensis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Xylogone sphaerospora.	Xylogone	species
taxon rank	The Chlopsidae, or false morays, are a family of eels found in coral reefs worldwide.	Chlopsidae	family
taxon rank	Lepilaena is a genus of aquatic and marine flowering plant comprising 6 or more species endemic to coastal and brackish or akaline inland waters of temperate Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand.	Lepilaena	genus
taxon rank	Zulmasuchus (meaning ``Zulma Gasparini's crocodile'') is an extinct genus of sebecid sebecosuchian mesoeucrocodylian.	Zulmasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Miopetaurista is an extinct genus of flying squirrel closely related to flying squirrels of today.	Miopetaurista	genus
taxon rank	Catfish (or catfishes; order Siluriformes) are a diverse group of ray-finned fish.	Catfish	order
taxon rank	Rhynchobatus is a group of rays commonly known as wedgefishes, and the sole genus in the family Rhynchobatidae.	Rhynchobatus	genus
taxon rank	Agra katewinsletae is a species of carabid beetle named after English actress and singer Kate Winslet.	Agra katewinsletae	species
taxon rank	Ambesa walsinghami is a species of snout moth in the genus Ambesa.	Ambesa walsinghami	species
taxon rank	Parapsallus vitellinus is a species of plant bug belonging to the family Miridae, subfamily Phylinae, that can be found everywhere in Europe except for Albania, Andorra, Greece, Lithuania, Norway, all states of former Yugoslavia, and various European and African islands.	Parapsallus vitellinus	species
taxon rank	Penicillium sumatrense is a species of the genus of Penicillium which was isolated from the rhizosphere of the plant Lumnitzera racemosa.	Penicillium sumatrense	species
taxon rank	Geophorus agglutinans is a species of tropical land snail with an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Helicinidae.	Geophorus agglutinans	species
taxon rank	Mayaca is a genus of flowering plants, often placed in its own family, the Mayacaceae.	Mayaca	genus
taxon rank	Bakevelliidae is an extinct family of prehistoric bivalves that lived from the Late Mississippian until the Middle Eocene.	Bakevelliidae	family
taxon rank	Betta albimarginata is a species of gourami endemic to the island of Borneo, where it is only found in the Indonesian province of Kalimantan Timur.	Betta albimarginata	species
taxon rank	Eupeodes corollae is a very common European species of hoverfly.	Eupeodes corollae	species
taxon rank	The Hemigalinae are a subfamily of the viverrids denominated and first described by John Edward Gray in 1864.	Hemigalinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Lentinellus montanus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Auriscalpiaceae.	Lentinellus montanus	species
taxon rank	Kairuku is an extinct genus of penguin.	Kairuku	genus
taxon rank	Tapinoma karavaievi is a species of ant in the genus Tapinoma.	Tapinoma karavaievi	species
taxon rank	The family Strashilidae is an extinct group of Jurassic flies from Siberia and China.	Strashilidae	family
taxon rank	Trichostema parishii is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Parish's bluecurls.	Trichostema parishii	species
taxon rank	Ananteris sabineae is a species of scorpion.	Ananteris sabineae	species
taxon rank	Serapias neglecta, the scarce tongue-orchid, is a species of orchid endemic to southern Europe.	Serapias neglecta	species
taxon rank	Ceratitis rosa, the Natal fruit fly or Natal fly, a species from the family Tephritidae of the order Diptera, is a fruit fly.	Ceratitis rosa	species
taxon rank	Pachnoda impressa, the Green and Yellow Fruit Chafer, is a species of beetles belonging to the Scarabaeidae family and subfamily of the Cetoniinae.	Pachnoda impressa	species
taxon rank	Cardiocorax is an extinct genus of elasmosaurid known from the Late Cretaceous (early Maastrichtian stage) Mocuio Formation of Namibe Province, southern Angola.	Cardiocorax	genus
taxon rank	Parinoberyx horridus is a species of marine slimehead only known from the Western Pacific and the Coral Sea at depths around 300 m (980 ft).	Parinoberyx horridus	species
taxon rank	The Dicranolasmatidae are a family of harvestmen with about 20 described species in a single genus.	Dicranolasmatidae	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus parapelates is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to the Massif de la Hotte, southwestern Haiti.	Eleutherodactylus parapelates	species
taxon rank	Chusquea elegans is a bamboo species in the genus Chusquea.	Chusquea elegans	species
taxon rank	Leiokarinosuchus (meaning ``smooth-headed crocodile'') is an extinct genus of neosuchian mesoeucrocodylian from the Early Cretaceous Wealden Group of southern England.	Leiokarinosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Stephanomeria is a genus of North American plants also known as wirelettuce, belonging to the dandelion tribe within the sunflower family.	Stephanomeria	genus
taxon rank	Suillus placidus, is a species of fungus in the genus Suillus.	Suillus placidus	species
taxon rank	The parrot subfamily Psittaculinae consists of three tribes, the Polytelini with three genera, the Psittaculini or Asian psittacines, and the pygmy parrots of the Micropsittini tribe.	Psittaculinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Elsinoë pyri is a species of fungus in the family Elsinoaceae.	Elsinoë pyri	species
taxon rank	Neolamprologus pulcher is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it prefers locations with plenty of sedimentation.	Neolamprologus pulcher	species
taxon rank	Ectopsocidae is a family of Psocoptera (book lice or bark lice) belonging to the suborder Psocomorpha.	Ectopsocidae	family
taxon rank	Flabellina verrucosa, is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Flabellinidae.	Flabellina verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma euglyptum, common name the sculptured top shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Calliostoma euglyptum	species
taxon rank	Flourensia polyclada is a tarwort species that was first described by American botanist Sidney Fay Blake.	Flourensia polyclada	species
taxon rank	Stefania goini (Vegas Falls treefrog; Spanish: rana stefania del Duida) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae.	Stefania goini	species
taxon rank	Deinanthe is a genus consisting of a few species of rare herbaceous-habit rhizomatous plants found in the mountain woodlands of East Asia, ranging from China to Japan.	Deinanthe	genus
taxon rank	Scutiger sikimmensis is a species of toad found in northern India, Nepal, and Tibet.	Scutiger sikimmensis	species
taxon rank	Paracyclotosaurus (Near Wheeled Lizard) is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian, which would have appeared similar to today's salamander -- but much larger, at up to 2.3 metres (7.5 ft) long.	Paracyclotosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Miltonia russelliana, the Russell's Miltonia, is a species of orchid occurring in southeastern and southern Brazil.	Miltonia russelliana	species
taxon rank	Gymnoscyphus ascitus is a species of clingfish found off of St. Vincent, Lesser Antilles, at depths of from 231 to 258 metres (758 to 846 ft).	Gymnoscyphus	species
taxon rank	Carpocoris mediterraneus, the Red shield bug, is a species of shield bug in the Pentatomidae family.	Carpocoris mediterraneus	species
taxon rank	Cetopsidium minutum is a species of whale catfish found in Brazil, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname and Venezuela where it occurs in the coastal rivers north of the Amazon to the Orinoco River.	Cetopsidium minutum	species
taxon rank	Amanita volvata, also known as Volvate Amanita is a white coloured species of fungi from Amanitaceae family that can be found in southeastern United States.	Amanita volvata	species
taxon rank	Hieracium amplexicaule (also called sticky hawkweed) is a species of plant from Asteraceae family.	Hieracium amplexicaule	species
taxon rank	Methanoplanus endosymbiosus is a species of archaeon, an endosymbiont of the marine sapropelic ciliate Metopus contortus.	Methanoplanus endosymbiosus	species
taxon rank	Ivanantonia is the only genus in the extinct rodent family Ivanantoniidae and is represented by a single species, Ivanantonia efremovi, from the early Eocene of Mongolia.	Ivanantonia	species
taxon rank	Grevillea hookeriana (Red toothbrushes or Hooker's grevillea) is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae.	Grevillea hookeriana	species
taxon rank	Rhombodera valida is a species of praying mantis found in Asia and nearby islands.	Rhombodera valida	species
taxon rank	Spathiurus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Campanian.	Spathiurus	genus
taxon rank	Metzgeriales is an order of liverworts.	Metzgeriales	order
taxon rank	Betadevario ramachandrani is a species of cyprinid fish that is found only in the upper Sita River, India drainage in Karnataka, India.	Betadevario ramachandrani	species
taxon rank	† Bembexia is a genus of fossil sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks.	Bembexia	genus
taxon rank	Eobaatar is a genus of extinct mammal from the Lower Cretaceous of Mongolia and Spain.	Eobaatar	genus
taxon rank	Rabidosa punctulata, the dotted wolf spider, is a species of spider in the family Rabidosa.	Rabidosa punctulata	species
taxon rank	Elymus lanceolatus is a species of grass known by the common names thickspike wheatgrass and streamside wheatgrass.	Elymus lanceolatus	species
taxon rank	Ozyptila flava is a crab spider species found in Spain.	Ozyptila flava	species
taxon rank	Basilichthys is a genus of Neotropical silversides native to freshwater habitats in Chile and Peru.	Basilichthys	genus
taxon rank	Conus venulatus, common name the Cape Verde cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus venulatus	species
taxon rank	Arginae is a subfamily of sawflies.	Arginae	subfamily
taxon rank	The Manning River snapping turtle (Flaviemys purvisi) is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family.	Manning River snapping turtle	species
taxon rank	Cypriola acanthocinoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cypriola.	Cypriola acanthocinoides	species
taxon rank	Ochrosia is a flowering plant genus of flowering plants, first described as a genus in 1789.	Ochrosia	genus
taxon rank	Brachyplatys punctipes is a species of shield bugs belonging to the family Plataspidae found in China.	Brachyplatys punctipes	species
taxon rank	Skirroceras macrum is a Stephanoceratacean (ammonite) species belonging to the family Stephanoceratidae.	Skirroceras macrum	species
taxon rank	Cistus creticus (Pink Rock-Rose, Hoary Rock-Rose) is a species of shrubby plant in the family Cistaceae.	Cistus creticus	species
taxon rank	Centaurea calcitrapa is a species of flowering plant known by several common names, including red star-thistle and purple starthistle.	Centaurea calcitrapa	species
taxon rank	Scyllarus is a genus of slipper lobsters from the Atlantic Ocean, including the Mediterranean and Caribbean.	Scyllarus	genus
taxon rank	The gray cat snake (Boiga siamensis), also known as eyed cat snake or Siamese cat snake is a species of catsnake found in northeastern India, Bangladesh, Myanmar, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, and Vietnam.	Boiga siamensis	species
taxon rank	Pavoraja mosaica (common name: mosaic skate) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family.	Pavoraja mosaica	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus salsolae is a species of bug from the Miridae family that can be found in France, Spain, and the island of Sicily.	Orthotylus salsolae	species
taxon rank	Eucephalus ledophyllus is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Cascade aster.	Eucephalus ledophyllus	species
taxon rank	Laevisuchus (/ˌlɛvɨˈsjuːkəs/ LEE-və-SEW-kəs, ``light crocodile'') is a genus of abelisauroid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous.	Laevisuchus	genus
taxon rank	Nama depressum, commonly known as depressed fiddleleaf, is a species of flowering plant in the borage family.	Nama depressum	species
taxon rank	Poecilotheria miranda, also known as the Bengal ornamental is a species of tarantula.	Poecilotheria miranda	species
taxon rank	Kappaphycus alvarezii (syn. K. cottonii; Eucheuma cottonii) is a species of red algae.	Kappaphycus alvarezii	species
taxon rank	Doswellia is an extinct genus of archosauriform from the Late Triassic of North America.	Doswellia	genus
taxon rank	The species was named to honor Asa Gray, an eminent American botanist of the mid-19th century who discovered Lilium grayi in 1840 in the Appalachian mountains on Roan Mountain.	Lilium grayi	species
taxon rank	Eupterotidae is a family of insects in the Lepidoptera order with more than 300 described species.	Eupterotidae	family
taxon rank	Skrjabinema ovis is a nematode species of the genus Skrjabinema within the Oxyuridae family.	Skrjabinema ovis	species
taxon rank	Tonna berthae is a species of large sea snail or tun snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Tonnidae, the tun shells.	Tonna berthae	species
taxon rank	Barosaurus is monospecific, containing only the type species, B. lentus, while at least three species belong to the genus Diplodocus.	Barosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Mirapinna esau, the Hairyfish, is a species of flabby whalefish only known from the Atlantic Ocean from near the Azores.	Mirapinna esau	species
taxon rank	Aemula is an extinct genus of brachiopods that lived during the Cretaceous period.	Aemula	genus
taxon rank	Dipturus is a large genus of skates native to the Pacific, Atlantic and Indian oceans.	Dipturus	genus
taxon rank	Satanoperca is a small genus of cichlids from South America, where they are known from the Orinoco, Essequibo, Nickerie, Amazon, Paraná and Paraguay river basins.	Satanoperca	genus
taxon rank	Banksia ser. Prostratae is a taxonomic series in the genus Banksia.	Banksia ser. Prostratae	series
taxon rank	Liolaemus is a genus of iguanian lizards, containing many species, all of which are endemic to South America.	Liolaemus	genus
taxon rank	Sphagnum girgensohnii, the Girgensohn's bogmoss, Girgensohn's sphagnum or common green peat moss, is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic and Indo-Malesian distribution.	Sphagnum girgensohnii	species
taxon rank	Adansonia za, common name baobab, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Adansonia belonging to the Bombacaceae family.	Adansonia za	species
taxon rank	Drosera purpurascens is a compact tuberous perennial species in the genus Drosera that is endemic to south-west Western Australia.	Drosera purpurascens	species
taxon rank	Conus rufimaculosus, common name the red-stained cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus rufimaculosus	species
taxon rank	Stagmomantis floridensis, common name larger Florida mantis, is a species of praying mantis in genus Stagmomantis.	Stagmomantis floridensis	species
taxon rank	Schilderia achatidea, common name Agate Cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Schilderia achatidea	species
taxon rank	Amphiscirpus is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the sedge family containing the single species Amphiscirpus nevadensis, which is known by the common name Nevada bulrush.	Amphiscirpus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron simiarum also known as the South China Rhododendron, is one of the many species of the genus Rhododendron, which mainly grows in Southern China.	Rhododendron simiarum	species
taxon rank	Bomarea longipes is a species of plant in the Alstroemeriaceae family.	Bomarea longipes	species
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus femoralis (commonly known as the round-snout pygmy frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Pseudophilautus femoralis	species
taxon rank	Nylanderia taylori is a species of Formicinae ant found in Bangladesh, India and Sri Lanka.	Nylanderia taylori	species
taxon rank	Allium chinense (commonly known as, variously Chinese onion, Chinese scallion, Japanese scallion, Kiangsi scallion, and Oriental onion) is an edible species of onion, native to China and cultivated in many other countries.	Allium chinense	species
taxon rank	Apocoptoma chabrillaci is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Apocoptoma.	Apocoptoma chabrillaci	species
taxon rank	Sibianor aurocinctus is a species of jumping spider that can be found in England (where it was recently discovered in Hertfordshire on 29 July 2012), and Palearctic.	Sibianor aurocinctus	species
taxon rank	Argylia radiata is a species of perennial plant in the Bignoniaceae family.	Argylia radiata	species
taxon rank	Obelus despreauxii is a European species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Hygromiidae.	Obelus despreauxii	species
taxon rank	Donacia dentata is a species of leaf beetles of the subfamily Donaciinae.	Donacia dentata	species
taxon rank	Juncus textilis is a species of rush known by the common name basket rush.	Juncus textilis	species
taxon rank	Arta epicoenalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Arta.	Arta epicoenalis	species
taxon rank	The Akun eagle-owl (Bubo leucostictus) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae, the true owls.	Akun eagle-owl	species
taxon rank	Oberea bisbipunctata is a species of flat-faced longhorn beetle in the tribe Saperdini in the genus Oberea, discovered by Pic in 1916.	Oberea bisbipunctata	species
taxon rank	Eucryphia wilkiei is a species of rainforest shrubs growing naturally only (endemic) in restricted areas of cloud forests on mountain tops in the Wet Tropics region of north eastern Queensland, Australia.	Eucryphia wilkiei	species
taxon rank	Callionymus octostigmatus is a species of dragonet native to the central western Pacific Ocean where it occurs at depths of from 49 to 148 metres (161 to 486 ft).	Callionymus octostigmatus	species
taxon rank	Erophylla is a genus of bat in the family Phyllostomidae.	Erophylla	genus
taxon rank	Leucothoe davisiae is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name Sierra laurel.	Leucothoe davisiae	species
taxon rank	Hyalodiscus is an extant genus of diatom known also from the fossil record.	Hyalodiscus	genus
taxon rank	Endennasaurus is an extinct genus of thalattosaurian from the Upper Triassic of Italy.	Endennasaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Ischnocera is a large suborder of lice mostly parasitic on birds but including a large family (the Trichodectidae) parasitic on mammals.	Ischnocera	suborder
taxon rank	Spartocytisus supranubius (supra = above; nubius = the cloud) is a white-flowered species of broom endemic to the Canary Islands and known there by the common name Retama del Teide.	Spartocytisus supranubius	species
taxon rank	Croton nepetifolius (Croton nepetaefolius) is an aromatic species of flowering plant in the spurge family, Euphorbiaceae, that is native to northeastern Brazil.	Croton nepetifolius	species
taxon rank	Oenothera harringtonii is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Arkansas Valley evening primrose and Colorado Springs evening primrose.	Oenothera harringtonii	species
taxon rank	Only one species is currently recognized, Welfia regia.	Welfia	species
taxon rank	Telonema is a genus of single-celled organisms.	Telonema	genus
taxon rank	Pseudischnolea kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudischnolea.	Pseudischnolea kaszabi	species
taxon rank	Cyathea andersonii is a species of tree fern native to India, Bhutan and southern China, where it grows in moist valleys and montane forest at an altitude of 300-1200 m. The trunk is erect and 6-10 m tall.	Cyathea andersonii	species
taxon rank	Balduina angustifolia (coastal plain honeycombhead) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Balduina angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Conus dalli, common name Dall's cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus dalli	species
taxon rank	The Sand Mountain blue species, E. pallescens, has been officially classified as being vulnerable, while the subspecies p. arenamontana has been labeled as critically imperiled, at great risk of extinction.	Sand Mountain blue	subspecies
taxon rank	Quebradnotia is a genus of moths of the family Tortricidae.	Quebradnotia	genus
taxon rank	Distichophytum is a genus of extinct vascular plants of the Late Silurian (Ludfordian) to Early Devonian (Emsian), around 426 to 393 million years ago.	Distichophytum	genus
taxon rank	Allium schoenoprasoides is an Asian species of wild onion native to Xinjiang, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan.	Allium schoenoprasoides	species
taxon rank	Ledra aurita is a species of bugs from Cicadellidae family.	Ledra aurita	species
taxon rank	Porcellio montanus is a species of woodlouse in the genus Porcellio belonging to the family Porcellionidae that can be found in Czech Republic, France, Italy and Switzerland.	Porcellio montanus	species
taxon rank	Hemizonia clementina, known by the common name Island Tarweed, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family, endemic to the Channel Islands of California.	Hemizonia clementina	species
taxon rank	Aizoanthemum is a small genus of plant in the family Aizoaceae, native to Namibia and Angola.	Aizoanthemum	genus
taxon rank	Galium divaricatum is a species of flowering plant in the coffee family known by the common name Lamarck's bedstraw.	Galium divaricatum	species
taxon rank	Lycaste lasioglossa is a species of terrestrial orchid native to Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.	Lycaste lasioglossa	species
taxon rank	Ernstichthys intonsus is a species of banjo catfish that is endemic to Ecuador where it is found in the Napo River basin.	Ernstichthys intonsus	species
taxon rank	Ptychosperma nicolai is a species of palm in the Arecaceae family, endemic to New Guinea.	Ptychosperma nicolai	species
taxon rank	Chamberlineptus morechalensis, the sole species of the genus Chamberlineptus is a spirostreptid millipede from Venezuela.	Chamberlineptus	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron spiciferum (碎米花) is a rhododendron species native to western Guizhou and Yunnan, China, where it grows at altitudes of 800--1900 meters.	Rhododendron spiciferum	species
taxon rank	Platinx is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish.	Platinx	genus
taxon rank	Heterophallus is a genus of poeciliids native to Mexico.	Heterophallus	genus
taxon rank	Caribemys is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Jurassic period.	Caribemys	genus
taxon rank	Acentronichthys leptos is the only species of catfish (order Siluriformes) in the genus Acentronichthys of the family Heptapteridae.	Acentronichthys leptos	species
taxon rank	Mayariochloa is a genus of Cuban plants in the grass family.	Mayariochloa	genus
taxon rank	Chiasmocleis quilombola is a species of frog native to Brazil, found between the Doce River and the Mucuri River.	Chiasmocleis quilombola	species
taxon rank	Neocherentes dilloniorum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neocherentes.	Neocherentes dilloniorum	species
taxon rank	Stoebe is a genus of African plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.	Stoebe	genus
taxon rank	Gephyrocharax is a genus of characins found in South America and Panama, with 13 currently recognized species:	Gephyrocharax	genus
taxon rank	The Bonelli's eagle is found in hilly or mountainous habitats, with rocky walls or crags and open to wooded land, in arid to semi-moist climate, from sea level to 1500 m. Recent DNA research resulted in this species being moved to the genus Aquila from Hieraaetus.	Bonelli's eagle	species
taxon rank	Parhedyle cryptophthalma is a species of sea slug, an acochlidian, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the family Microhedylidae.	Parhedyle cryptophthalma	species
taxon rank	Kalmia cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the heath family known by the common name whitewicky, sometimes spelled white-wicky or white wicky.	Kalmia cuneata	species
taxon rank	Otukaia rossica, common name the Russian margarite, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae.	Otukaia rossica	species
taxon rank	The fern genus Leptopteris is a small group of plants found growing in the Pacific Islands, New Guinea and Australia.	Leptopteris	genus
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Garethjonesia lacunosispora.	Garethjonesia	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria australis is a species of chaenopsid blenny known from around Brazil, in the southwestern Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria australis	species
taxon rank	Neope armandii is a species of satyrine butterfly found in Asia.	Neope armandii	species
taxon rank	Leonotis leonurus, also known as lion's tail and wild dagga, is a plant species in the Lamiaceae (mint) family.	Leonotis leonurus	species
taxon rank	Lytta magister (also known as the desert blister beetle or master blister beetle) is a species of blister beetle found in southwestern North America.	Lytta magister	species
taxon rank	Bythinella carinulata is a species of very small freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Amnicolidae.	Bythinella carinulata	species
taxon rank	Prosphyracephala is a genus of flies in the family Diopsidae.	Prosphyracephala	genus
taxon rank	Pinus pringlei, commonly known as Pringle's pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus pringlei	species
taxon rank	Pimelodus joannis is a species of catfish in the family Pimelodidae (the long-whiskered catfishes) endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the Tocantins river basin.	Pimelodus joannis	species
taxon rank	Limacoidea is a taxonomic superfamily of medium-sized to large, air-breathing land slugs and snails.	Limacoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Limax cinereoniger is a large species of air-breathing land slug in the terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk family Limacidae, the keelback slugs.	Limax cinereoniger	species
taxon rank	Handkea is a genus of puffball mushrooms in the family Agaricaceae.	Handkea	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja mendocinensis is a species of Indian paintbrush known by the common name Mendocino Coast Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja mendocinensis	species
taxon rank	Partula labrusca, was a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Partulidae family.	Partula labrusca	species
taxon rank	Farlowella platorynchus is a species of armored catfish that occurs in the Amazon basin of Brazil and Peru.	Farlowella platorynchus	species
taxon rank	Jinshaia sinensis is a species of loach endemic to the Yangtze and the Jinsha Jiang drainages of China.	Jinshaia sinensis	species
taxon rank	Phyzelaphryne miriamae (common name: Miriam's frog) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family, in the monotypic genus Phyzelaphryne.	Phyzelaphryne miriamae	species
taxon rank	Uroteuthis bartschi, also known as Bartsch's squid, is a species of squid growing to a known mantle length of 20 cm. It is the type species of the genus Uroteuthis.	Uroteuthis bartschi	species
taxon rank	Panonychus ulmi, the European red mite, is a species of mite which is a major agricultural pest of fruit trees.	Panonychus ulmi	species
taxon rank	Nemipterus furcosus, the Fork-tailed threadfin bream, also known as Rosy threadfin bream, is a species of threadfin bream native to Indian oceanic seas around Maledives, Sri Lanka, Andaman islands, and Pacific oceanic seas around Indonesia, and Australia.	Nemipterus furcosus	species
taxon rank	Teramulus is a genus of fresh and brackish water silversides endemic to Madagascar.	Teramulus	genus
taxon rank	Hitchcockella baronii is a species of bamboo, the only known species of the genus Hitchcockella.	Hitchcockella	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia damarana also known as Damara milk-bush and locally as melkbos is a species of flowering plant native to Namibia.	Euphorbia damarana	species
taxon rank	Hydatina zonata, common name the zoned paper bubble, is a species of sea snail or bubble snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Aplustridae.	Hydatina zonata	species
taxon rank	Chrysogaster cemiteriorum is a European species of hoverfly which can be found feeding on umbelliferous flowers in for example damp meadows.	Chrysogaster cemiteriorum	species
taxon rank	Prunus ceylanica is a species of plant in the family Rosaceae family.	Prunus ceylanica	species
taxon rank	Regina grahamii, commonly known as Graham's crayfish snake, is a species of nonvenomous colubrid snake, which is endemic to North America.	Regina grahamii	species
taxon rank	Tibouchina urvilleana is a species of flowering plant in the family Melastomataceae, native to Brazil.	Tibouchina urvilleana	species
taxon rank	Emerita analoga, the Pacific sand crab or Pacific mole crab, is a species of small, sand-burrowing decapod crustacean found living in the sand along the temperate western coasts of America.	Emerita analoga	species
taxon rank	Plataspidae (emended by some later authors as ``Plataspididae'', in violation of ICZN Code Article 29.5) are a family of shield bugs native to the Old World.	Plataspidae	family
taxon rank	Arctostylopida is an extinct order of placental mammals from the Late Palaeocene of Eastern Asia and North America.	Arctostylopida	order
taxon rank	Haplochromis vittatus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Kivu in East Africa.	Haplochromis vittatus	species
taxon rank	Dactyloscopus is a genus of sand stargazers native to the coasts of the Americas.	Dactyloscopus	genus
taxon rank	Holcobius frater is a species of beetles in the genus Holcobius of the family Anobiidae.	Holcobius frater	species
taxon rank	Homalozoa is an extinct subphylum of Paleozoic Era echinoderms, prehistoric marine invertebrates.	Homalozoa	subphylum
taxon rank	Paraclione is a genus of ``sea angels'', small floating sea slugs, pelagic marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks.	Paraclione	genus
taxon rank	Hylyphantes is a genus of linyphiid spiders.	Hylyphantes	genus
taxon rank	Macrotermes bellicosus is a species of Macrotermes.	Macrotermes bellicosus	species
taxon rank	Oligoryzomys andinus, also known as the Andean colilargo or Andean pygmy rice rat, is a species of rodent in genus Oligoryzomys of family Cricetidae.	Oligoryzomys andinus	species
taxon rank	Miyamayomena is a genus of East Asian flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Miyamayomena	genus
taxon rank	Monarda clinopodioides, common name basil beebalm, is a plant species native to Kansas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Texas.	Monarda clinopodioides	species
taxon rank	Chometokadmon is an extinct genus of anguimorph lizard from the Early Cretaceous of Italy.	Chometokadmon	genus
taxon rank	Dasumia chyzeri is a spider species from Eastern Europe.	Dasumia chyzeri	species
taxon rank	Sundevall's jird, Meriones crassus, is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Sundevall's jird	species
taxon rank	Pinus heldreichii (synonym P. leucodermis; family Pinaceae), or Bosnian pine, is a species of pine native to mountainous areas of the Balkans and southern Italy.	Pinus heldreichii	species
taxon rank	Metalasia is a genus of African flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the sunflower family.	Metalasia	genus
taxon rank	The Polytelini tribe belongs to the parrot family Psittaculidae and consists of three genera.	Polytelini	tribe
taxon rank	Tulbaghia violacea, also known as society garlic or pink agapanthus, is a species of flowering plant in the onion family Alliaceae, indigenous to southern Africa (KwaZulu-Natal and Cape Province), and reportedly naturalized in Tanzania and Mexico.	Tulbaghia violacea	species
taxon rank	The prairie earless lizard or eastern earless lizard (Holbrookia maculata perspicua) is a subspecies of the lesser earless lizard, (Holbrookia maculata).	Holbrookia maculata perspicua	subspecies
taxon rank	Diuca is a small genus of Andean seed-eating tanagers.	Diuca	genus
taxon rank	Paenibacillus dendritiformis is a species of pattern-forming bacteria, first discovered in the early 90's by Ben-Jacob's group.	Paenibacillus dendritiformis	species
taxon rank	Mimobatocera laterifusca is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimobatocera.	Mimobatocera laterifusca	species
taxon rank	Thricolema is a genus of leaf beetles of the subfamily Synetinae.	Thricolema	genus
taxon rank	Mastigoteuthis is a genus of whip-lash squid containing approximately three species.	Mastigoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Helmetia is an extinct genus of arthropod from the Cambrian.	Helmetia	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Apocrisias thaumasta, which is found in southern Arizona.	Apocrisias	species
taxon rank	Choeromorpha vivesi is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Asia in countries such as Indonesia.	Choeromorpha vivesi	species
taxon rank	Vitreorana is a genus of glass frogs that are native to South America, from the Atlantic Forest of Brazil and Argentina to Amazonia of Colombia and Ecuador and to the Venezuelan Coastal Range and the Guianas.	Vitreorana	genus
taxon rank	Sitona lepidus or clover root weevil is a species of weevil found in Europe.	Sitona lepidus	species
taxon rank	Bankivia fasciata, common name the banded kelp shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Trochidae, the top snails.	Bankivia fasciata	species
taxon rank	Oxyeleotris is a genus of sleeper gobies mostly restricted to Australia and New Guinea, though some (O. marmorata, O. siamensis, O. urophthalmoides and O. urophthalmus) are found in Southeast Asia.	Oxyeleotris	genus
taxon rank	Limosella is a genus of flowering plants known as mudworts.	Limosella	genus
taxon rank	Vertigo modesta, common name the cross vertigo, is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo modesta	species
taxon rank	Hardwickia is a monotypic genus of flowering plant in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the legumes.	Hardwickia	genus
taxon rank	Musa fitzalanii is a species of wild banana (genus Musa), which was native to north-east Queensland, Australia, but is now believed to be extinct.	Musa fitzalanii	species
taxon rank	Procerithiidae is a taxonomic family of sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Procerithiidae	family
taxon rank	Teratosaurus is a genus of rauisuchians known from the Triassic Stubensandstein (Löwenstein Formation - Norian stage) of Germany.	Teratosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The São Tomé collared fruit bat (Myonycteris brachycephala) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae.	São Tomé collared fruit bat	species
taxon rank	Styan's grasshopper warbler (Locustella pleskei), also known as Pleske's grasshopper warbler, is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Styan's grasshopper warbler	species
taxon rank	Pseudotribos (``false chewing'') is an extinct genus of mammal that lived in China during the Middle Jurassic some 165 million years ago, more closely related to monotremes than to placental or marsupial mammals.	Pseudotribos	genus
taxon rank	Amphiprion akindynos, the Barrier Reef anemonefish is a species of anemonefish that is principally found in the Great Barrier Reef of Australia, but also in nearby locations in the Western Pacific.	Amphiprion akindynos	species
taxon rank	Pseudosphromenus is a genus of medium-small gouramies native to south and southeast Asia.	Pseudosphromenus	genus
taxon rank	Melica longiligulata is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that is endemic to Sichuan province of China.	Melica longiligulata	species
taxon rank	Alveopora verrilliana is a species of stony coral that is found in the Red Sea, the Gulf of Aden, the northern Indian Ocean, the central Indo-Pacific, Australia, Southeast Asia, Japan, the East China Sea, the oceanic west and central Pacific Ocean and the Johnston Atoll.	Alveopora verrilliana	species
taxon rank	The Weddel's Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum weddelii) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum weddelii	species
taxon rank	Gymnopholus lichenifer is a species of beetle in the weevil family, Curculionidae.	Gymnopholus lichenifer	species
taxon rank	Gonatopus clavipes is a species of small wasp in the family Dryinidae.	Gonatopus clavipes	species
taxon rank	Echinophryne is a small genus of frogfishes.	Echinophryne	genus
taxon rank	Crataegus austromontana, commonly known as the Valley Head Hawthorn, is a very rare species of hawthorn.	Crataegus austromontana	species
taxon rank	Gynandromyia mesnili is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Gynandromyia of the family Tachinidae.	Gynandromyia mesnili	species
taxon rank	Parrisia is an extinct genus of legless batrachosauroidid salamander from Campanian-age rocks in the Marshalltown Formation, Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Parrisia	genus
taxon rank	Bellator militaris, the horned searobin, is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it is found at depths of from 40 to 110 metres (130 to 360 ft).	Bellator militaris	species
taxon rank	Monstera adansonii, the Adanson's monstera or five holes plant, is a species of flowering plant from Araceae family which is widespread across much of South America and Central America.	Monstera adansonii	species
taxon rank	Borrelia recurrentis is a species of Borrelia, a spirochaete bacterium associated with relapsing fever.	Borrelia recurrentis	species
taxon rank	Masdevallia floribunda is a species of orchid found from southern Mexico to Honduras.	Masdevallia floribunda	species
taxon rank	Shelbyoceras is a genus of Cambrian monoplacophora which was one of the genera mistaken for a cephalopod, since the characteristics differentiating monoplacophora from cephalopods are few.	Shelbyoceras	genus
taxon rank	Bombus fernaldae, the Fernald's cuckoo bumblebee, is a species of cuckoo bumblebee having only males and queens, but no worker bees.	Bombus fernaldae	species
taxon rank	Callionymus valenciennei is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific waters around Japan and the Korean Peninsula where it occurs at depths of from 20 to 50 metres (66 to 164 ft).	Callionymus valenciennei	species
taxon rank	Nymphaea gigantea is a species of aquatic perennial herbaceous plant native to Australia and New Guinea.	Nymphaea gigantea	species
taxon rank	Amanita nivalis, the snow ringless amanita or mountain grisette, is a species of basidomycote fungus in the genus Amanita.	Amanita nivalis	species
taxon rank	Cyphocottus is a genus of deepwater sculpins endemic to Lake Baikal in Russia.	Cyphocottus	genus
taxon rank	Genetic testing suggests that Paxillus involutus may be a species complex rather than a single species.	Paxillus involutus	species
taxon rank	Callionymus ogilbyi is a species of dragonet endemic to the Pacific waters off of New South Wales, Australia.	Callionymus ogilbyi	species
taxon rank	Epipleuria is a genus in the lady beetle family (Coccinellidae).	Epipleuria	genus
taxon rank	Tangvayosaurus (meaning ``Tang Vay lizard'') is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Aptian-Albian age Lower Cretaceous Grès Supérior Formation of Savannakhet, Laos.	Tangvayosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Gloydius tsushimaensis, or the Tsushima Island pitviper, is a species of venomous snake in the Viperidae family.	Gloydius tsushimaensis	species
taxon rank	Camponotus saundersi is a species of ant found in Malaysia and Brunei, belonging to the genus of Carpenter ants.	Camponotus saundersi	species
taxon rank	Crasodactylus punctatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae, the only species in the genus Crasodactylus.	Crasodactylus	species
taxon rank	It was described by Richter and Richter in 1926, and the type species is Comura cometa, originally under the genus Cryphaeus by Richter in 1909.	Comura	genus
taxon rank	Aripuana is a plant genus in the gentian family, tribe Helieae, subclade Symbolanthus.	Aripuana	genus
taxon rank	Gogangra laevis is a species of sisorid catfish found in Bangladesh where it occurs in the Jamuna and Meghna River drainages.	Gogangra laevis	species
taxon rank	Sphenodiscus is an extinct genus of acanthoceratacean ammonite.	Sphenodiscus	genus
taxon rank	Lonchogenys ilisha is a species of characin found in the Rio Negro in Brazil and Colombia.	Lonchogenys ilisha	species
taxon rank	Arabis kazbegi, the Kazbegian rockcress, is a species of rockcress that is endemic to Georgia, and is known from Mtiuleti, the Devdaraki glacier, Mount Sabertse and Mount Kuro.	Arabis kazbegi	species
taxon rank	Padogobius is a genus of gobies native to fresh waters of southern Europe.	Padogobius	genus
taxon rank	Myennis nebulosa is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Myennis of the family Tephritidae.	Myennis nebulosa	species
taxon rank	Araucaria angustifolia, the Paraná pine, Brazilian pine or candelabra tree (pinheiro-do-paraná, araucária or pinheiro brasileiro), is a species in the conifer genus Araucaria.	Araucaria angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Phelsuma astriata semicarinata is a subspecies of Seychelles day gecko.	Phelsuma astriata semicarinata	subspecies
taxon rank	Ascaris is a genus of parasitic nematode worms known as the ``small intestinal roundworms'', which is a type of helminth.	Ascaris	genus
taxon rank	Neolamprologus prochilus is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known to occur in Zambian waters in the southern part of the lake.	Neolamprologus prochilus	species
taxon rank	Ischaemum jayachandranii is a species of perennial in the Calophyllaceae family.	Ischaemum jayachandranii	species
taxon rank	Namibotites argentata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Namibotites of the family Tephritidae.	Namibotites argentata	species
taxon rank	Paleoparadoxia (``ancient paradox'') is a genus of large, herbivorous aquatic mammals that inhabited the northern Pacific coastal region during the Miocene epoch (20 to 10 million years ago).	Paleoparadoxia	genus
taxon rank	The Flos fulgida or Shining Plushblue is a species of lycaenid or blue butterfly found in Asia, including India.	Flos fulgida	species
taxon rank	Labeobarbus progenys is a species of cyprinid fish found in the African countries of Cameroon and the Congo Republic, as well as a questionable presence in Angola.	Labeobarbus progenys	species
taxon rank	Penstemon utahensis is a species of penstemon known by the common names Utah beardtongue and Utah penstemon.	Penstemon utahensis	species
taxon rank	Myoxanthus seidelii is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Espírito Santo).	Myoxanthus seidelii	species
taxon rank	Apteromantis aptera is a species of praying mantis endemic to the Iberian Peninsula.	Apteromantis aptera	species
taxon rank	Brachipposideros is an extinct genus of leaf-nosed bats known from Riversleigh, north-western Queensland, Australia and the Languedoc-Roussillon Region, France.	Brachipposideros	genus
taxon rank	Stictoleptura trisignata is a species of longhorn beetle in the Lepturinae subfamily.	Stictoleptura trisignata	species
taxon rank	Tapiroidea is a superfamily of perissodactyls which includes the modern tapir.	Tapiroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Ctenomorphodes chronus is a species of stick insect endemic to southern Australia.	Ctenomorphodes chronus	species
taxon rank	Cassia brewsteri, commonly known as Brewster's Cassia, Leichhardt Bean, Cassia pea and Bean Tree is a species of leguminous shrubs or small trees, of the plant family Fabaceae.	Cassia brewsteri	species
taxon rank	Abracadabrella birdsville is a species of jumping spider in the genus Abracadabrella.	Abracadabrella birdsville	species
taxon rank	Amsinckia vernicosa is a species of fiddleneck known by the common name green fiddleneck.	Amsinckia vernicosa	species
taxon rank	Lorymodes australis is a species of snout moth in the genus Lorymodes.	Lorymodes australis	species
taxon rank	× Haagespostoa is a hybrid genus of cacti, a natural hybrid between Haageocereus and Espostoa.	× Haagespostoa	genus
taxon rank	Moolgarda seheli (bluespot mullet) is a member of the Mugilidae family of ray-finned fish found worldwide in coastal temperate and tropical waters, and in some species in fresh water.	Moolgarda seheli	species
taxon rank	Drosophila grimshawi is a species of fruit fly from Hawaii, and was one of 12 fruit fly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.	Drosophila grimshawi	species
taxon rank	Onthophagus vacca is a species of dung beetles in the Onthophagini tribe of the wider scarab beetle family, Scarabaeidae.	Onthophagus vacca	species
taxon rank	Conasprella orbignyi, common name Orbigny's (false) cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conasprella orbignyi	species
taxon rank	Springeratus is a genus of clinids found in the southwestern Pacific and western Indian Ocean.	Springeratus	genus
taxon rank	Sminthuridae is a family of springtails of the order Symphypleona.	Sminthuridae	family
taxon rank	Leporinus obtusidens is a South American species of headstander that inhabits the basins of the Paraná River and the Río de la Plata, the Uruguay River, and the São Francisco River (including minor rivers and tributaries like the Bermejo, Pilcomayo, Salí, Juramento, Dulce, and Uniguay).	Leporinus obtusidens	species
taxon rank	Calliostomatidae is a family of sea snails within the superfamily Trochoidea and the clade Vetigastropoda.	Calliostomatidae	family
taxon rank	Barbodes is a genus of small to medium-sized cyprinid fish native to tropical Asia.	Barbodes	genus
taxon rank	Hosta nigrescens is a species of plants that belong to the family Asparagaceae.	Hosta nigrescens	species
taxon rank	Gobius leucomelas is a species of goby native to the western Indian Ocean where it is only known from off of the coasts of Eritrea.	Gobius leucomelas	species
taxon rank	Capoeta trutta, the longspine scraper, is a species cyprinid fish from the Middle East.	Capoeta trutta	species
taxon rank	Codakia costata, or the costate lucine, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Lucinidae.	Codakia costata	species
taxon rank	Archips breviplicanus, the Asiatic leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Archips breviplicanus	species
taxon rank	Gonyosoma cantoris is a species of snake found in the Himalayas in India (Sikkim, Assam) and Nepal as well as the Khasi and Garo Hills in Myanmar.	Gonyosoma cantoris	species
taxon rank	Actinomorpha is a valcouroceratid genus, Order Oncocerida, from the Middle Ordovician of central North America (Minnesota, Wisconsin), named by Rousseau Flower, 1943.	Actinomorpha	genus
taxon rank	Zanclognatha zelleralis, the dusky fan-foot, is a species of moth of the family Noctuidae.	Zanclognatha zelleralis	species
taxon rank	Pherallodiscus is a genus of clingfishes native to the central eastern Pacific Ocean along the coast of Mexico.	Pherallodiscus	genus
taxon rank	Cicindela dorsalis (common name eastern beach tiger beetle) is a species of tiger beetle.	Cicindela dorsalis	species
taxon rank	Smilax aristolochiifolia, also known as gray sarsaparilla, Mexican sarsaparilla, sarsaparilla, is a species in the genus Smilax and the family Smilacaceae, native to Mexico and Central America.	Smilax aristolochiifolia	species
taxon rank	The type species, Genusaurus sisteronis, is the only named species.	Genusaurus	species
taxon rank	Iskandaria kuschakewitschi, the Kuschakewitsch loach, is a species of stone loach found in the Central Asian nations of Uzbekistan and Afghanistan.	Kuschakewitsch loach	species
taxon rank	The splittails are a genus Pogonichthys of cyprinid fish, consisting of two species native to western North America.	Pogonichthys	genus
taxon rank	Solanum verrogeneum is a species of plant in the family Solanaceae.	Solanum verrogeneum	species
taxon rank	The Hawaiian stilt (Himantopus mexicanus knudseni) is an endangered Hawaiian subspecies of the black-necked stilt (H. mexicanus) species.	Hawaiian stilt	subspecies
taxon rank	Cebrennus rechenbergi, also known as the Moroccan flic-flac spider, is a species of huntsman spider indigenous to Morocco.	Cebrennus rechenbergi	species
taxon rank	Trifolium albopurpureum is a species of clover known by the common name rancheria clover.	Trifolium albopurpureum	species
taxon rank	Keraudrenia is a genus of flowering plants native to Australia, New Guinea and Madagascar.	Keraudrenia	genus
taxon rank	Tandonia rustica is a species of air-breathing, keeled, land slug, a shell-less terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Milacidae.	Tandonia rustica	species
taxon rank	Sceloporus occidentalis occidentalis is a subspecies of the western fence lizard.	Sceloporus occidentalis occidentalis	subspecies
taxon rank	Rubellatoma is a genus of sea snails, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Mangeliidae	Rubellatoma	genus
taxon rank	Acanthocobitis pavonacea also known as the Spearfin loach is a species of ray-finned fish is known from northeastern India in the Ganges and Brahmaputra basins.	Acanthocobitis pavonacea	species
taxon rank	Ophrys ferrum-equinum, the Horseshoe Bee-orchid, is a terrestrial species of orchid native to Albania, Greece, and Turkey, including Crete and other islands of the Aegean.	Ophrys ferrum-equinum	species
taxon rank	Eufriesea surinamensis belongs to the tribe of Euglossine bees and as such is a species of orchid bee.	Eufriesea surinamensis	species
taxon rank	Xenopoclinus leprosus, the Leprous platanna-klipfish, is a species of clinid found along the coast of South Africa from the Orange River to Algoa Bay.	Xenopoclinus leprosus	species
taxon rank	Hyphydrus is a genus of diving beetle native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Afro-tropical region, the Near East, North Africa.	Hyphydrus	genus
taxon rank	Epilobium torreyi is a species of flowering plant in the evening primrose family known by the common names Torrey's willowherb and brook spike-primrose.	Epilobium torreyi	species
taxon rank	Hypolaena fastigiata, commonly known as tassel rope-rush, is a plant species in the family Restionaceae.	Hypolaena fastigiata	species
taxon rank	Litarachna lopezae is a species of aquatic mite in the order Trombidiformes.	Litarachna lopezae	species
taxon rank	Impatiens niamniamensis, common name Congo cockatoo or Parrot Impatiens, is a species of flowering plant in the family Balsaminaceae.	Impatiens niamniamensis	species
taxon rank	Synbranchiformes, often called swamp eels, is an order of ray-finned fishes that are eel-like but have spiny rays, indicating that they belong to the superorder Acanthopterygii.	Synbranchiformes	order
taxon rank	Megachilinae is a subfamily of bees.	Megachilinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Xymmer is a genus of ant in the subfamily Amblyoponinae containing the single species Xymmer muticus.	Xymmer	species
taxon rank	Lordhowea is a genus of flowering plants in the groundsel tribe within the daisy family.	Lordhowea	genus
taxon rank	Nonea is a genus of the borage family Boraginaceae.	Nonea	genus
taxon rank	Elliptio mcmichaeli is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels This species is endemic to the United States.	Elliptio mcmichaeli	species
taxon rank	Diplommatina gibboni s a species of land snails with an operculum, terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the family Diplommatinidae.	Diplommatina gibboni	species
taxon rank	Unio cariei was a species of medium-sized freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusc in the family Unionidae.	Unio cariei	species
taxon rank	Ribes pallidiflorum is a species in the genus Ribes native to the far east, from northeastern China to Russia (Amur, Khabarovsk, Primorye, Sakhalin, and in the southern part of the Kamchatka Peninsula).	Ribes pallidiflorum	species
taxon rank	Ulva elegans is a species of seaweed in Ulvaceae family that is endemic to Morocco.	Ulva elegans	species
taxon rank	In 2008, a taxonomic revision of western North American populations of this species was published, formally establishing it as a distinct species, Boletus rex-veris.	Boletus rex-veris	species
taxon rank	Nystalus is a genus of puffbird in the Bucconidae family.	Nystalus	genus
taxon rank	Thalassoma robertsoni is a species of wrasse only known to occur in the waters around Clipperton Island.	Thalassoma robertsoni	species
taxon rank	Neocycloceras is an extinct nautiloid genus included in the Pseudorthocerida that lived during the Late Devonian and Mississippian (early Carboniferous).	Neocycloceras	genus
taxon rank	Nassarius speciosus, common name the purple-lipped dogwhelk or the splendid nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius speciosus	species
taxon rank	Pimenta obscura (also called Wild Pimento) is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family.	Pimenta obscura	species
taxon rank	Cirsium hookerianum, common name Hooker's thistle or white thistle, is a North American species of thistle native to western Canada and the northwestern United States.	Cirsium hookerianum	species
taxon rank	Crataegus dahurica is a species of hawthorn native to northeastern Asia.	Crataegus dahurica	species
taxon rank	The Cixiidae are a family of fulgoroid insects, one of many families commonly known as planthoppers, distributed worldwide and comprising more than 2,000 species from over 150 genera.	Cixiidae	family
taxon rank	Mymarilla wollastoni is a species of fairyflies endemic to the island of Saint Helena in the southern Atlantic.	Mymarilla	species
taxon rank	Phyllomacromia contumax, the two-banded cruiser, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae that lives in sub-Saharan Africa.	Phyllomacromia contumax	species
taxon rank	Aristida chaseae is a rare species of grass known by the common name Chase's threeawn.	Aristida chaseae	species
taxon rank	Lamprima varians is a species of beetle in the Family Lucanidae, that is found from South Australia to Western Victoria.	Lamprima varians	species
taxon rank	Macronus, the tit-babblers, are a genus of birds in the Timaliidae family.	Macronus	genus
taxon rank	Anisakis is a genus of parasitic nematodes, which have life cycles involving fish and marine mammals.	Anisakis	genus
taxon rank	Peltoschema is a genus of Chrysomelidae.	Peltoschema	genus
taxon rank	Shorea laeviforia is a plant species in the genus Shorea.	Shorea laeviforia	species
taxon rank	Kallima paralekta, commonly known as the Indian Leafwing or the Malayan Leafwing, is a species of brush-footed butterfly of the genus Kallima.	Kallima paralekta	species
taxon rank	Apistoloricaria ommation is a species of armored catfish endemic to Peru where it is found in the lower Marañon River.	Apistoloricaria ommation	species
taxon rank	Reithrodontomys is the genus of groove-toothed New World harvest mice.	Reithrodontomys	genus
taxon rank	Mylabris phalerata is a species of blister beetle belonging to the Meloidae family.	Mylabris phalerata	species
taxon rank	Luciobrama macrocephalus is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in China and Vietnam.	Luciobrama macrocephalus	species
taxon rank	The Chinese pangolin is one of eight species of pangolins.	Chinese pangolin	species
taxon rank	Eschscholzia lobbii is a species of poppy known by the common name frying pans.	Eschscholzia lobbii	species
taxon rank	Pyrops delessertii is a species of true bug in the family Fulgoridae, in the genus Pyrops which are sometimes called as ``lanternflies''.	Pyrops delessertii	species
taxon rank	Erigeron leibergii is a rare species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Leiberg's fleabane.	Erigeron leibergii	species
taxon rank	Pliciloricus enigmaticus is a marine Loriciferan species of genus Pliciloricus described by Higgins & Kristensen 1986.	Pliciloricus enigmaticus	species
taxon rank	Mallosia, described by Mulsant in 1847, is a genus of longhorn beetles of the subfamily Lamiinae, tribe Saperdini.	Mallosia	genus
taxon rank	Zelippistes benhami is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Zelippistes benhami	species
taxon rank	Oreolalax xiangchengensis (Xiangcheng lazy toad or Xiangcheng toothed toad) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Oreolalax xiangchengensis	species
taxon rank	Austrochloritis pusilla is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in thefamily Camaenidae.	Austrochloritis pusilla	species
taxon rank	Dennstaedtia is a primarily tropical genus of ferns described as a genus in 1801.	Dennstaedtia	genus
taxon rank	Bostrychia is a genus of ibises in the Threskiornithidae family.	Bostrychia	genus
taxon rank	Mitragyna tubulosa is a tree species found in Peninsular India in the Western Ghats.	Mitragyna tubulosa	species
taxon rank	It consists of only one species, Cacolyces plagifera, which is found in Brazil, Venezuela, Guyana, Surinam and French Guiana.	Cacolyces	species
taxon rank	Scotiellopsis terrestris is an algae species in the genus Scotiellopsis.	Scotiellopsis terrestris	species
taxon rank	Bromus inermis is a species of the true grass family (Poaceae).	Bromus inermis	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos catalinae, known by the common name Santa Catalina Island manzanita, is a species of manzanita native to Southern California.	Arctostaphylos catalinae	species
taxon rank	Drosera erythrorhiza, the red ink sundew, is a perennial tuberous species in the carnivorous plant genus Drosera that is endemic to Western Australia.	Drosera erythrorhiza	species
taxon rank	Luzula orestera, with the common name Sierra woodrush, is a species of flowering plant in the rush family.	Luzula orestera	species
taxon rank	Chicoreus damicornis, common name the long-horned murex, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	Chicoreus damicornis	species
taxon rank	Polyergus lucidus is a species of slave-making ant in the subfamily Formicinae.	Polyergus lucidus	species
taxon rank	Gentiana septemfida (crested gentian or summer gentian) is a species of flowering plant in the family Gentianaceae, native to the Caucasus and Turkey.	Gentiana septemfida	species
taxon rank	Amalda is a genus of medium-sized sea snails, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Olividae, the olives.	Amalda	genus
taxon rank	Barlow's lark (Calendulauda barlowi) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family.	Barlow's lark	species
taxon rank	Peckemys is an extinct genus of turtle which existed in the Hell Creek Formation, United States during the late Cretaceous period (Maastrichtian age).	Peckemys	genus
taxon rank	Cestrum fasciculatum is a species of flowering plant in the nightshade family known by the common names early jessamine and red cestrum.	Cestrum fasciculatum	species
taxon rank	Ukrainurus is an extinct genus of pancryptobranchan urodelan known from the Miocene of Grytsiv locality, Ukraine.	Ukrainurus	genus
taxon rank	Acropora nasuta is a species of branching stony coral in the family Acroporidae.	Acropora nasuta	species
taxon rank	Augochlora leptoloba is a species of sweat bee in the genus Augochlora and the extinct monotypic subgenus Electraugochlora.	Augochlora leptoloba	species
taxon rank	Lucania goodei, the bluefin killifish, is a small species of fish in the topminnow family Fundulidae.	Lucania goodei	species
taxon rank	Azotobacter is a genus of usually motile, oval or spherical bacteria that form thick-walled cysts and may produce large quantities of capsular slime.	Azotobacter	genus
taxon rank	Lucilia thatuna belongs to the family Calliphoridae, the species most commonly referred to as the blowflies, and the genus Lucilia.	Lucilia thatuna	species	species
taxon rank	Chrysobalanus is a genus of evergreen perennial shrubs to small trees, described as a genus by Linnaeus in 1753.	Chrysobalanus	genus
taxon rank	Scansoriopteryx (``climbing wing'') is a genus of avialan dinosaur.	Scansoriopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Leratiomyces is a genus of mushroom-forming basidiomycetes first proposed three times under invalid names, and finally validated in 2008.	Leratiomyces	genus
taxon rank	Tolypelepidida is an extinct order of heterostracan vertebrates.	Tolypelepidida	order
taxon rank	Agrococcus jenensis is the type species of the Agrococcus genus of bacteria.	Agrococcus jenensis	species
taxon rank	Brassia verrucosa, also known as Warty Brassia, is a species of plant in the Orchidaceae family native to Mexico, Central America (Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua), Venezuela, and Brazil.	Brassia verrucosa	species
taxon rank	Dysdera aurgitana is a spider species found in Spain.	Dysdera aurgitana	species
taxon rank	Aacocrinus, also known as the feather star, is a genus of extinct sea lily from the Actinocrinitidae (or Patelliocrinidae) family.	Aacocrinus	genus
taxon rank	Leptosiphon breviculus (syn. Linanthus breviculus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Mojave linanthus.	Leptosiphon breviculus	species
taxon rank	Helisoma anceps, common name the two-ridge rams-horn, is a species of air-breathing freshwater snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Planorbidae, the ram's horn snails.	Helisoma anceps	species
taxon rank	Xanthomonas arboricola is a species of proteobacteria.	Xanthomonas arboricola	species
taxon rank	Tugali colvillensis is a species of small sea snail or limpet, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Tugali colvillensis	species
taxon rank	Luina hypoleuca (littleleaf silverback) is a species of the genus Luina and the family Asteraceae.	Luina hypoleuca	species
taxon rank	Nidularium itatiaiae is a plant species in the genus Nidularium.	Nidularium itatiaiae	species
taxon rank	Dudleya ingens, commonly known as Baja liveforever, is a species of Dudleya that grows to an average height of 12 in (30 cm) and a width of 12 in (30 cm).	Dudleya ingens	species
taxon rank	Polyporus alveolaris, commonly known as the hexagonal-pored polypore, is a species of fungus in the genus Polyporus.	Polyporus alveolaris	species
taxon rank	Buddleja cordobensis is a species endemic to dry hillsides in the Argentine provinces of Córdoba, San Luís, and La Rioja at altitudes of 700--1500 m; it was first described and named by Grisebach in 1874.	Buddleja cordobensis	species
taxon rank	Acampe praemorsa is a species of monopodial orchid.	Acampe praemorsa	species
taxon rank	Mimoniphona fasciculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimoniphona.	Mimoniphona fasciculata	species
taxon rank	Hipponix climax is a species of small limpet-like sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Hipponicidae, the hoof snails.	Hipponix climax	species
taxon rank	Delias pratti is a species of butterfly in the Pieridae family.	Delias pratti	species
taxon rank	Allium omeiense is a plant species endemic to Sichuan, China.	Allium omeiense	species
taxon rank	The Caucasian wisent (Bison bonasus caucasicus) was a subspecies of wisent that inhabited the Caucasus Mountains of Eastern Europe.	Caucasian wisent	subspecies
taxon rank	Hemimastodon (``half mastodont'') is an extinct genus of proboscidea from the Late Miocene deposits of the Dera Bugti Beds in Pakistan.	Hemimastodon	genus
taxon rank	Manilkara valenzuelana is a species of tree or tall shrub in the Sapodilla family.	Manilkara valenzuelana	species
taxon rank	Heterololigo is a monotypic genus of squids containing the single species Heterololigo bleekeri.	Heterololigo	species
taxon rank	Centropyge heraldi, common 'herald's angelfish' is a species of Marine angelfish from the Pacific Ocean that sometimes makes its way into the aquarium trade.	Centropyge heraldi	species
taxon rank	Xylophanes is a genus of moths in the family Sphingidae.	Xylophanes	genus
taxon rank	Jonesiaceae is a monotypic Actinobacteria family.	Jonesiaceae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces bullii is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from the Atacama Desert in Salar de Atacama in Chile.	Streptomyces bullii	species
taxon rank	Minthostachys is a genus of the mint family Lamiaceae, comprising aromatic scandent shrubs.	Minthostachys	genus
taxon rank	Barbus goktschaicus (Gokcha barbel) is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Barbus.	Barbus goktschaicus	species
taxon rank	The Calycerales is a valid botanic name for an order of flowering plants.	Calycerales	order
taxon rank	Arenaria livermorensis, common name Livermore sandwort, is a plant species endemic to the Davis Mountains in Jeff Davis County in western Texas.	Arenaria livermorensis	species
taxon rank	Quercus stellata (Post oak) is a North American species of oak in the white oak section.	Quercus stellata	species
taxon rank	Zaglossus hacketti is an extinct species of long-beaked echidna from Western Australia that is dated to the Pleistocene.	Zaglossus hacketti	species
taxon rank	Cleptosoma clavipes is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cleptosoma.	Cleptosoma clavipes	species
taxon rank	The Chioneinae are a subfamily of limoniid crane flies.	Chioneinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Quercus toumeyi (also called Toumey oak) is a North American a species of trees and shrubs in the beech family.	Quercus toumeyi	species
taxon rank	Volema paradisiaca, common name : the Pear Melongena, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Melongenidae, the crown conches and their allies.	Volema paradisiaca	species
taxon rank	Mesonoemacheilus menoni is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Mesonoemacheilus.	Mesonoemacheilus menoni	species
taxon rank	It is a rare species with a ROTAP rating of 3VC- A small saprophytic plant growing to 45 cm (18 in) tall on sandy soils and heathlands, Cryptostylis hunteriana is found mostly in coastal districts, south from the Gibraltar Range National Park.	Cryptostylis hunteriana	species
taxon rank	The Blastocladiaceae are a family of fungi in the division Blastocladiomycota.	Blastocladiaceae	family
taxon rank	Galium uliginosum or fen bedstraw is a plant species of the genus Galium.	Galium uliginosum	species
taxon rank	Glycine latrobeana (clover glycine or Australian anchor plant) is a species of perennial herb endemic to south-eastern Australia.	Glycine latrobeana	species
taxon rank	Georissa elegans is a species of minute cave snails, gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrocenidae of gastropod in the Hydrocenidae family.	Georissa elegans	species
taxon rank	Hydrangea robusta is a species of Hydrangea, native to China and the Himalayas.	Hydrangea robusta	species
taxon rank	Rissoellidae are a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia.	Rissoellidae	family
taxon rank	The Anoplocephalidae are a family of tapeworms containing Bertiella species and others.	Anoplocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Phidippus clarus is a species of jumping spider (family Salticidae) found in old fields throughout eastern North America.	Phidippus clarus	species
taxon rank	Cyathea alpicola is a species of tree fern native to central Sumatra, where it grows in montane rain forest at an altitude of 2000-2750 m. The erect trunk can reach 5 m or more in height.	Cyathea alpicola	species
taxon rank	Drescoma cyrdipsa is a species of snout moth in the genus Drescoma.	Drescoma cyrdipsa	species
taxon rank	Eugenia koolauensis, commonly known as Koʻolau Eugenia or Nioi, is a species of flowering plant in the myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Eugenia koolauensis	species
taxon rank	Penicillium isariiforme is an anamorph, phototropic species of the genus of Penicillium which produce secalonic acid D and F.	Penicillium isariiforme	species
taxon rank	Alburnoides eichwaldii, the South Caspian sprilin is a fish species in the Cyprinidae family.	Alburnoides eichwaldii	species
taxon rank	Hypogeophis brevis is a species of caecilian formerly included in the genus Grandisonia and found on the islands of Mahé and Silhouette in the Seychelles.	Hypogeophis brevis	species
taxon rank	Petrolisthes laevigatus is a species of porcelain crab found in Chile and Peru.	Petrolisthes laevigatus	species
taxon rank	Lapsanastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the dandelion family, native to East Asia (China, Korea, Japan).	Lapsanastrum	genus
taxon rank	Cystopteris fragilis is a species of fern known by the common names brittle bladder-fern and common fragile fern.	Cystopteris fragilis	species
taxon rank	Carcinus (Greek: Καρκίνος Karkinos) is a genus of crabs, which includes Carcinus maenas, an important invasive species, and C. aestuarii, a species endemic to the Mediterranean Sea.	Carcinus	genus
taxon rank	Echinothrix is a genus of sea urchins which was first described in 1853 by Wilhelm Peters, a German naturalist and explorer.	Echinothrix	genus
taxon rank	Dicrossus is a genus of small cichlid fishes.	Dicrossus	genus
taxon rank	Ipsa childreni is a species of small or medium-sized sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Ipsa childreni	species
taxon rank	Hexastylis naniflora is a rare species of flowering plant in the birthwort family known by the common name dwarf-flowered heartleaf.	Hexastylis naniflora	species
taxon rank	Ingolfiellidea is a small suborder of amphipods with only two families, Ingolfiellidae and Metaingolfiellidae.	Ingolfiellidea	suborder
taxon rank	Panicoideae is the second-largest subfamily of the grasses with over 3,500 species, mainly distributed in warm temperate and tropical regions.	Panicoideae	subfamily
taxon rank	Cicuta bulbifera, commonly known as the bulb-bearing water-hemlock, is a plant native to North America and one of four species in the poisonous genus Cicuta.	Cicuta bulbifera	species
taxon rank	Eremothera boothii is a species of wildflower known as Booth's evening primrose.	Eremothera boothii	species
taxon rank	Pliosauridae is a family of plesiosaurian marine reptiles from the Earliest Jurassic to the early Late Cretaceous (Hettangian to Turonian stages) of Australia, Europe, North America and South America.	Pliosauridae	family
taxon rank	Dapsilanthus spathaceus is a species of flowering plant of the family Restionaceae native to Australia.	Dapsilanthus spathaceus	species
taxon rank	Euphyllia cristata, commonly called grape coral, is a species of hard coral in the family Euphylliidae.	Euphyllia cristata	species
taxon rank	Poa glauca is a species of grass known by the common names glaucous bluegrass, glaucous meadow-grass and white bluegrass.	Poa glauca	species
taxon rank	Grisollea thomassetii is a species of plant in the Stemonuraceae family.	Grisollea thomassetii	species
taxon rank	Austrodanthonia caespitosa, known by various common names including Common Wallaby-grass, Ringed Wallaby-grass, and White-top, is a species of grass native to southern parts of Australia.	Austrodanthonia caespitosa	species
taxon rank	Asclepias welshii is a rare species of milkweed known by the common name Welsh's milkweed.	Asclepias welshii	species
taxon rank	Pyrgocythara plicosa, common name the plicate mangelia, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	Pyrgocythara plicosa	species
taxon rank	Nakalipithecus nakayamai is a prehistoric great ape species that lived in today's Kenya region early in the Late Miocene, 10 million years ago (mya).	Nakalipithecus	species
taxon rank	Pseudotriacanthus strigilifer, the Long-spined Tripodfish, is a species of Triacanthidae native to the Indian Ocean and the central western Pacific Ocean where it is found in coastal marine waters, also entering brackish waters in estuaries, at depths of from 2 to 110 metres (6.6 to 360.9 ft).	Pseudotriacanthus strigilifer	species
taxon rank	Allamanda cathartica, commonly called golden trumpet, common trumpetvine, and yellow allamanda, is a species of flowering plant of the genus Allamanda in the family Apocynaceae.	Allamanda cathartica	species
taxon rank	Patagopteryx is an extinct monotypic genus of birds that lived during the Late Cretaceous, around 80 mya, in what is now the Sierra Barrosa in northwestern Patagonia, Argentina.	Patagopteryx	genus
taxon rank	Nemacladus ramosissimus is a species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name smallflower threadplant.	Nemacladus ramosissimus	species
taxon rank	Coeloteuthis is a genus of belemnite, an extinct group of cephalopods.	Coeloteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Parthenium integrifolium is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common names wild quinine, American feverfew, and Eastern feverfew.	Parthenium integrifolium	species
taxon rank	Tropidophora semilineata was a species of land snail with a gill and an operculum, a terrestrial gastropod mollusk in the family Pomatiidae.	Tropidophora semilineata	species
taxon rank	The Anastasia Island beach mouse (Peromyscus polionotus phasma) is a subspecies of the oldfield mouse of the southeastern United States.	Anastasia Island beach mouse	subspecies
taxon rank	Trichocera annulata, commonly known as the winter gnat, is a species of winter crane fly, of the order Diptera.	Trichocera annulata	species
taxon rank	Hydrophis cyanocinctus, commonly called the annulated sea snake or the blue-banded sea snake, is a species of venomous sea snake in the family Elapidae.	Hydrophis cyanocinctus	species
taxon rank	Phyllanthus pulcher, the tropical leaf-flower, is a species in the genus Phyllanthus.	Phyllanthus pulcher	species
taxon rank	The Gerridae are a family of insects in the order Hemiptera, commonly known as water striders, water bugs, pond skaters, water skippers, or jesus bugs.	Gerridae	family
taxon rank	Stephanomeria diegensis is a species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name San Diego wirelettuce.	Stephanomeria diegensis	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis polypogon is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Cameroon where it occurs in the Cross River.	Chiloglanis polypogon	species
taxon rank	Three horned-scaled pitviper, Protobothrops sieversorum is a species of venomous pit viper.	Protobothrops sieversorum	species
taxon rank	The Del Norte salamander (Plethodon elongatus) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Del Norte salamander	species
taxon rank	Eria javanica is a species of orchid, which is a plant.	Eria javanica	species
taxon rank	Although little is known about Kenyapotamus, its dental pattern bore similarities to that of the genus Xenohyus, a European tayassuid from the Early Miocene.	Kenyapotamus	genus
taxon rank	Lithophragma affine is a species of flowering plant in the saxifrage family known by the common name San Francisco woodland star.	Lithophragma affine	species
taxon rank	Prosopis affinis is a species of flowering tree in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay.	Prosopis affinis	species
taxon rank	Aphthovirus (from the Greek aphtha-, vesicles in the mouth) is a viral genus of the family Picornaviridae.	Aphthovirus	genus
taxon rank	Striatolamia is an extinct genus of sharks belonging to the family Odontaspididae.	Striatolamia	genus
taxon rank	Weaver ants or green ants (genus Oecophylla) are eusocial insects of the family Formicidae (order Hymenoptera).	Weaver ant	genus
taxon rank	The Chinese red pika (Ochotona erythrotis) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.	Chinese red pika	species
taxon rank	Columbellopsis nycteis, common name : the fenestrate dove shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Columbellidae, the dove snails.	Columbellopsis nycteis	species
taxon rank	Lilaeopsis schaffneriana is a rare species of flowering plant in the carrot family known by the common names Schaffner's grasswort and cienega false rush.	Lilaeopsis schaffneriana	species
taxon rank	Falsoprosoplus luzonicus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Falsoprosoplus.	Falsoprosoplus luzonicus	species
taxon rank	It is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Austroomphaliaster nahuelbutensis, found in temperate South America.	Austroomphaliaster	species
taxon rank	Carex luzulina is a species of sedge known by the common name woodrush sedge.	Carex luzulina	species
taxon rank	Libellula angelina, als known as Bekko Tombo, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae, native to China and Japan.	Libellula angelina	species
taxon rank	Stathmopoda aposema is a species of moth of the family Oecophoridae.	Stathmopoda aposema	species
taxon rank	Platycichla is a small disputed genus of tropical South American thrushes.	Platycichla	genus
taxon rank	Pogonomyrmex californicus, or California harvester ant, is a species of ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Pogonomyrmex californicus	species
taxon rank	Strigiphilus garylarsoni is a species of chewing louse found only on owls.	Strigiphilus garylarsoni	species
taxon rank	Aphids, also known as plant lice and in Britain and the Commonwealth as greenflies, blackflies, or whiteflies (not to be confused with ``jumping plant lice'' or true whiteflies), are small sap-sucking insects, and members of the superfamily Aphidoidea.	Aphid	superfamily
taxon rank	The genus Ramaria comprises approximately 200 species of coral fungi.	Ramaria	genus
taxon rank	Wasps of the genus Sphex (commonly known as digger wasps) are cosmopolitan predators that sting and paralyze prey insects.	Sphex	genus
taxon rank	Allobates mandelorum (common name: Mount Turumiquire rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates mandelorum	species
taxon rank	Horkelia fusca is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by several common names, including pinewoods horkelia and dusky horkelia.	Horkelia fusca	species
taxon rank	Apphianus yuccae is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae, the only species in the genus Apphianus.	Apphianus	genus
taxon rank	Leptosiphon montanus (syn. Linanthus montanus) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name mustang clover.	Leptosiphon montanus	species
taxon rank	Alopecosa kovblyuki is a wolf spider species found in Russia and Ukraine.	Alopecosa kovblyuki	species
taxon rank	Borneodessus zetteli is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae, the only species in the genus Borneodessus.	Borneodessus	genus
taxon rank	Discoplax is a genus of terrestrial crabs.	Discoplax	genus
taxon rank	Astroloma foliosum, commonly known as candle cranberry, is a small shrub species in the family Ericaceae.	Astroloma foliosum	species
taxon rank	Micronema is a genus of sheatfishes native to the Southeast Asian region.	Micronema	genus
taxon rank	Gregoria fenestrata is the only member species of sea anemones in the genus Gregoria.	Gregoria fenestrata	species
taxon rank	Oxychilus inopinatus (Uličný, 1887) is a species of small land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Oxychilidae, the glass snails.	Oxychilus inopinatus	species
taxon rank	Coregonus bavaricus, known as the kilch or Ammersee-Kilch in German, is a species of freshwater whitefish in the family Salmonidae.	Coregonus bavaricus	species
taxon rank	Acacia loderi, known colloquially as nelia or nealie, is a species of Acacia native to Australia.	Acacia loderi	species
taxon rank	Aspilota vicina is a species of insect from the Braconidae family.	Aspilota vicina	species
taxon rank	Balbaroo fangaroo is an extinct species of kangaroo.	Balbaroo fangaroo	species
taxon rank	Styrax crotonoides is a species of plant in the genus Styrax and family Styracaceae.	Styrax crotonoides	species
taxon rank	Polemonium californicum is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common names moving polemonium, low Jacob's-ladder, and California Jacob's ladder.	Polemonium californicum	species
taxon rank	Muntingia calabura, the sole species in the genus Muntingia, is a flowering plant native to southern Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and western South America south to Peru and Bolivia.	Muntingia	species
taxon rank	Trichomycterus balios is a species of pencil catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the upper portion of the Das Antas and Caí river basins (Laguna dos Patos system), and the Mampituba river basin, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Trichomycterus balios	species
taxon rank	Ceratophyllum submersum, commonly known as the soft hornwort, is a species of Ceratophyllum.	Ceratophyllum submersum	species
taxon rank	Mesoponera melanaria, is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae.	Mesoponera melanaria	species
taxon rank	Reimarochloa is a genus of New World plants in the grass family, native to North and South America including the Greater Antilles.	Reimarochloa	genus
taxon rank	Tentoriceps is a monotypic genus of cutlassfish, family Trichiuridae, from the Indian and Pacific Oceans.	Tentoriceps	genus
taxon rank	Rukwasuchus is an extinct genus of peirosaurid mesoeucrocodylian known from the middle Cretaceous Galula Formation of southwestern Tanzania.	Rukwasuchus	genus
taxon rank	Orthomegas maryae is a species of beetle in the Orthomegas genus that is in the Cerambycidae family.	Orthomegas maryae	species
taxon rank	Mellinus arvensis (field digger wasp) is a species of solitary wasp.	Mellinus arvensis	species
taxon rank	Salanoia is a genus of euplerid carnivoran with two currently described species found in Madagascar.	Salanoia	genus
taxon rank	Eirenis barani, commonly known as Baran's dwarf racer, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Eirenis barani	species
taxon rank	Zabrus rotundicollis is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Pelor subgenus that is can be found in Armenia, Iran and Turkey.	Zabrus rotundicollis	species
taxon rank	Lycium shawii, desert thorn or Arabian boxthorn is a species of thorny shrub adapted to desert environments.	Lycium shawii	species
taxon rank	Inanidrilus falcifer is a species of Annelid worm.	Inanidrilus falcifer	species
taxon rank	The Nuñez tree iguana, Liolaemus curis, is a species of lizard in the Iguanidae family.	Liolaemus curis	species
taxon rank	Agrostophyllum philippinense is a species of orchid in the genus Agrostophyllum that was first described by Oakes Ames in 1910.	Agrostophyllum philippinense	species
taxon rank	Lentinula guarapiensis is a species of agaric fungus in the family Marasmiaceae that is found in Paraguay.	Lentinula guarapiensis	species
taxon rank	Bellator egretta, the streamer searobin, is a species of searobin native to the western Atlantic Ocean.	Bellator egretta	species
taxon rank	Cadlina pacifica is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cadlinidae.	Cadlina pacifica	species
taxon rank	Bostrychus microphthalmus is a species of fish from the Eleotridae family.	Bostrychus microphthalmus	species
taxon rank	It has only one species, Stylomecon heterophylla, the windpoppy, which is native to California and north western Mexico.	Stylomecon	species
taxon rank	Nemegtosauridae is a family of probably titanosaurian sauropod dinosaurs based originally on two late Cretaceous Mongolian species known only from their diplodocid-like skulls:	Nemegtosauridae	family
taxon rank	Crinoids are marine animals that make up the class Crinoidea of the echinoderms (phylum Echinodermata).	Crinoid	class
taxon rank	Rabidosa rabida also known as Rabid wolf spider, is a species of spiders from the Lycosidae family, which can be found from Maine to Florida and west to Texas in the United States.	Rabidosa rabida	species
taxon rank	Schistosomatidae is a family of digenetic trematodes with complex parasitic life cycles.	Schistosomatidae	family
taxon rank	Turrisaspis elektor is an extinct species of groenlandaspid arthrodire placoderm .	Turrisaspis	species
taxon rank	Echinopsis candicans is a species of cactus from northern and western Argentina (Monte Desert).	Echinopsis candicans	species
taxon rank	Texella cokendolpheri is a rare species of arachnid known by the common name Cokendolpher Cave harvestman.	Texella cokendolpheri	species
taxon rank	Pachyphytum oviferum (also named Sugaralmond plant or Moonstone) is a species of the genus Pachyphytum in the family of Crassulaceae.	Pachyphytum oviferum	species
taxon rank	The only member of its genus, Allosmerus elongatus, the whitebait smelt, is an uncommon marine species of smelt, about which little is known.	Allosmerus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Ormosia nobilis (sometimes incorrectly: Ormosia novilis) is a tree-forming plant species in the genus Ormosia.	Ormosia nobilis	species
taxon rank	Buddleja jinsixiaensis is a newly discovered species endemic to Shaanxi, China, where it grows in the Jinxia Grand Canyon at an elevation of c. 1,200 m. Two specimens were found, one in Quercus forest, another on a rocky slope, by a team led by Renbin Zhu in May, 2013.	Buddleja jinsixiaensis	species
taxon rank	Hybodus (``humped tooth'') is an extinct genus of widespread and long-lived sharks, first appearing towards the end of the Permian period, and disappearing during the Late Cretaceous.	Hybodus	genus
taxon rank	Trillium angustipetalum is a species of Trillium, plants which may be included within the lily family or the newer family Melanthiaceae.	Trillium angustipetalum	species
taxon rank	Anopheles sinensis is a species of mosquito that transmits malaria as well as lymphatic filariasis.	Anopheles sinensis	species
taxon rank	Draba pterosperma is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name wingedseed draba.	Draba pterosperma	species
taxon rank	Bellamya trochlearis is a species of large freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Viviparidae.	Bellamya trochlearis	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus verticatus is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that can be found in France and Spain.	Orthotylus verticatus	species
taxon rank	Diacamma ceylonense, also known as Sri Lanka queenless ant, is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae.	Diacamma ceylonense	species
taxon rank	Wasmannia is a genus of ants that are social, native to tropical habitats, and haplodiploid, with the reproductive castes (queens and drones) haploid, and the worker caste diploid.	Wasmannia	genus
taxon rank	Anopterus glandulosus, commonly known as native laurel or Tasmanian laurel, is a species of shrub or small tree in the family Escalloniaceae, endemic to the rainforests of western and southern Tasmania.	Anopterus glandulosus	species
taxon rank	Eubacterium acidaminophilum is a Gram-positive bacterium species in the genus Eubacterium, notable for being an amino acid-degrading obligate anaerobe producing or utilizing H2 or formate.	Eubacterium acidaminophilum	species
taxon rank	Deiregyne is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to Mexico, Guatemala and Honduras.	Deiregyne	genus
taxon rank	Lamprophis is a genus of medium-sized, nonvenomous snakes commonly referred to as African house snakes.	Lamprophis	genus
taxon rank	Cicurina baronia is a rare species of spider in the family Dictynidae known by the common name Robber Baron cave meshweaver.	Cicurina baronia	species
taxon rank	Pharidae is a taxonomic family of saltwater clams, marine bivalve molluscs, currently classified in the unassigned Euheterodonta.	Pharidae	family
taxon rank	Sterculia apetala, commonly known as the Panama tree, camoruco or manduvi tree, is a species of plant in the Malvaceae family.	Sterculia apetala	species
taxon rank	Hyla eximia, the mountain treefrog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Mexico.	Hyla eximia	species
taxon rank	The Indian toad or ridged toad (Bufo parietalis) is a species of toad found in the Western Ghats of India.	Bufo parietalis	species
taxon rank	In 2014 it was named and described by Jaime Headden and Hebert Bruno Nascimento Campos as a separate genus Banguela, with the type species Banguela oberlii.	Banguela	genus
taxon rank	Aratus pisonii, commonly known as the mangrove tree crab, is a species of crab which lives in mangrove trees in tropical and subtropical parts of the Americas, from Florida to Brazil on the Atlantic coast, and from Nicaragua to Peru on the Pacific coast.	Aratus pisonii	species
taxon rank	Polygonum bidwelliae is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common name Bidwell's knotweed.	Polygonum bidwelliae	species
taxon rank	Agyneta gracilipes is a species of sheet weaver found in Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Kenya and Angola.	Agyneta gracilipes	species
taxon rank	Saurocytozoon is a genus of parasitic protozoa.	Saurocytozoon	genus
taxon rank	Vesperus brevicollis is a species of brown coloured western European beetle in the Vesperidae family that can be found in Portugal and Spain.	Vesperus brevicollis	species
taxon rank	Dipetalogaster, a genus of Triatominae, the kissing bugs, has only a single species, Dipetalogaster maxima, which is found in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur.	Dipetalogaster	species
taxon rank	The type species was named Obamadon gracilis after United States president Barack Obama, ``in reference to the tall, straight teeth, and the manner in which Mr. Obama has acted as a role model of good oral hygiene for the world.''	Obamadon	species
taxon rank	Spiroplasma is a genus of Mollicutes, a group of small bacteria without cell walls.	Spiroplasma	genus
taxon rank	Spinohybolasius spinicollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinohybolasius.	Spinohybolasius spinicollis	species
taxon rank	Roeperocharis is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to eastern Africa.	Roeperocharis	genus
taxon rank	Acanthogammaridae is a family of amphipod crustaceans, endemic to Lake Baikal.	Acanthogammaridae	family
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis sumatrana is a species of orchid endemic to peninsular Thailand, Vietnam and southern Sumatra.	Phalaenopsis sumatrana	species
taxon rank	The Schneider's shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus schneideri) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus schneideri	species
taxon rank	Acrostictomyia longistigma is a species of ulidiidae or picture-winged fly in the genus Acrostictomyia of the family Ulidiidae.	Acrostictomyia longistigma	species
taxon rank	Carex atherodes is a species of sedge known by the common name wheat sedge.	Carex atherodes	species
taxon rank	Tropaeum (``Trophy'') is an extinct genus of ammonite cephalopod found throughout the oceans of the world during the Early Cretaceous.	Tropaeum	genus
taxon rank	Spirocodon is a monotypic genus of athecate hydroids and Spirocodon saltatrix is the only species in the genus.	Spirocodon	genus
taxon rank	Ophiopogon japonicus (dwarf lilyturf, mondograss, fountainplant, monkeygrass; Japanese: リュウノヒゲ ryu-no-hige (``dragon's beard'') or ジャノヒゲ ja-no-hige (``snake's beard'')) is a species of Ophiopogon native to China, India, Japan, and Vietnam.	Ophiopogon japonicus	species
taxon rank	Buddleja suaveolens is endemic to central Chile, growing mostly in rocky areas along rivers at elevations of 500 -- 2,900 m. The species was first named and described by Kunth and Bouché in 1845.	Buddleja suaveolens	species
taxon rank	Baschkirites is an extinct cephalopod genus belonging to the ammonoid order Goniatitida that lived during the Early Carboniferous (Bashkirian).	Baschkirites	genus
taxon rank	Plectritis ciliosa is a species of flowering plant in the honeysuckle family known by the common name longspur seablush.	Plectritis ciliosa	species
taxon rank	Discohelicidae is an extinct family of sea snails with planispiral shells, marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda (according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi, 2005).	Discohelicidae	family
taxon rank	Haplomitrium andinum is a species of liverwort from Peru.	Haplomitrium andinum	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos mewukka is a species of manzanita known by the common name Indian manzanita.	Arctostaphylos mewukka	species
taxon rank	Atrophaneura semperi is a species of butterfly from the family Papilionidae that is found in Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines.	Atrophaneura semperi	species
taxon rank	Setosipennula is a genus of moth in the Pterophoridae family containing only one species, Setosipennula viettei, which is known from Madagascar.	Setosipennula	species
taxon rank	The cavy family (Caviidae) is a family of rodents native to South America, including the domestic guinea pig, wild cavies, and the capybara, among other animals.	Caviidae	family
taxon rank	Phyllactinia guttata is a species of fungus in the Erysiphaceae family; the anamorph of this species is Ovulariopsis moricola.	Phyllactinia guttata	species
taxon rank	Belopus elongatus (synonym of Centorus (Belopus) elongatus Herbst, 1797) is a species of darkling beetles in the subfamily Lagriinae.	Belopus elongatus	species
taxon rank	Callomyia elegans is a fly species in the genus Callomyia found in Europe.	Callomyia elegans	species
taxon rank	Phallostethus dunckeri is a species of fish in the Phallostethidae family.	Phallostethus dunckeri	species
taxon rank	Arrhenia acerosa, commonly known as the moss oysterling, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Arrhenia acerosa	species
taxon rank	Neptidopsis is a genus of nymphalid butterfly found in Africa, commonly called Sailors.	Neptidopsis	genus
taxon rank	Psilocybe makarorae is a species of psilocybin mushroom in the family Strophariaceae.	Psilocybe makarorae	species
taxon rank	Hipposideros grandis, the grand roundleaf bat (also known as the grand leaf-nosed bat) is a species of bat in the genus Hipposideros.	Hipposideros grandis	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus bonariensis is a species of buttercup known by the common name Carter's buttercup.	Ranunculus bonariensis	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron farrerae (Mrs. Farrer's Rhododendron) is a deciduous rhododendron species native to China (Hong Kong, Hunan to Fujian), with violet flowers, reaching a height of 60 cm. (2 ft.).	Rhododendron farrerae	species
taxon rank	Valvata macrostoma is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Valvatidae, the valve snails.	Valvata macrostoma	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia horrida (African milk barrel) is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae, native to South Africa.	Euphorbia horrida	species
taxon rank	Trichosporon mycotoxinivorans is a yeast species purportedly useful in the detoxification of various mycotoxins.	Trichosporon mycotoxinivorans	species
taxon rank	Aristea cantharophila is a plant species endemic to a small region of Western Cape Province, South Africa, Southeast of Cape Town.	Aristea cantharophila	species
taxon rank	Barbosania is an extinct genus of crestless ornithocheirid pterosaur from the Cretaceous Romualdo Member of the Santana Formation of Northeastern Brazil, dating to the Albian-Cenomanian stage.	Barbosania	genus
taxon rank	The Palaeodictyoptera are an extinct order of medium-sized to very large, primitive Palaeozoic paleopterous insects.	Palaeodictyoptera	order
taxon rank	Leptosphaeria is a genus of fungi in the family Phaeosphaeriaceae.	Leptosphaeria	genus
taxon rank	Ectomomyrmex astutus is a species of ant in the genus Ectomomyrmex.	Ectomomyrmex astutus	species
taxon rank	Plectrurus aureus, commonly known as the Kerala burrowing snake, is a species of uropeltid snake endemic to India.	Plectrurus aureus	species
taxon rank	Subspecies Scopula rubiginata ochraceata is mostly treated as a species, Scopula ochraceata.	Scopula rubiginata	species
taxon rank	Gonatista major is a species of praying mantis native to the Caribbean and is found in Puerto Rico, on Hispaniola, and perhaps elsewhere.	Gonatista major	species
taxon rank	Echinus esculentus, the European edible sea urchin or common sea urchin, is a species of marine invertebrate in the Echinidae family.	Echinus esculentus	species
taxon rank	Ligumia nasuta (eastern pondmussel) is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Ligumia nasuta	species
taxon rank	Paralucia spinifera, commonly known as the Bathurst Copper or Purple Copper, is a species of butterfly in the Lycaenidae family.	Paralucia spinifera	species
taxon rank	Gallirallus is a genus that contains about a dozen living, and several recently extinct, species of rails that live in the Australasian-Pacific region.	Gallirallus	genus
taxon rank	Gebiidea is an infraorder of decapod crustaceans, formerly classified in the Thalassinidea.	Gebiidea	infraorder
taxon rank	Hyalella is a South and North American genus of mainly freshwater amphipods.	Hyalella	genus
taxon rank	Scaphyglottis is a genus of orchids native to Mexico, Central America, northern South America and parts of the Caribbean.	Scaphyglottis	genus
taxon rank	Eosacantha is an extinct genus of tortoise beetle in the family Chrysomelidae and containing a single species Eosacantha delocranioides.	Eosacantha	genus
taxon rank	Bacillus sporothermodurans is a species of bacteria notable for producing highly heat-resistant endospores, hence its name.	Bacillus sporothermodurans	species
taxon rank	Carabus perrini perrini is a subspecies of black-coloured beetle from Carabinae subfamily that is endemic to Ukraine.	Carabus perrini perrini	subspecies
taxon rank	Hugonia micans is a species of plant in the Linaceae family.	Hugonia micans	species
taxon rank	Abraliopsis falco is a species of enoploteuthid cephalopod found in the tropical waters of the East Pacific Ocean, and is known from Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Ecuador, El Salvador, Guatemala, México, Nicaragua, Panamá, Perú and the United States.	Abraliopsis falco	species
taxon rank	Speke's gazelle (Gazella spekei) is the smallest of the gazelle species.	Speke's gazelle	species
taxon rank	Ericameria nana is a North American species of flowering shrub in the daisy family known by the common names dwarf goldenbush and rubberweed.	Ericameria nana	species
taxon rank	Mertensophryne schmidti (commonly known as Schmidt's snouted frog) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Mertensophryne schmidti	species
taxon rank	Phallus drewesii is a species of stinkhorn mushroom endemic to São Tomé that was first described in 2009.	Phallus drewesii	species
taxon rank	Botrychium lunaria is a species of fern known by the common name moonwort or common moonwort.	Botrychium lunaria	species
taxon rank	Quercus hypoxantha is a Mexican species of plant in the beech family.	Quercus hypoxantha	species
taxon rank	Passandridae, the ``parasitic flat bark beetles,'' are a family of beetles notable for being one of the very few beetle families with larvae that are, as far as known, exclusively ectoparasitic on the immature stages of other beetles and Hymenoptera.	Passandridae	family
taxon rank	Phalacrognathus muelleri, colloquially the rainbow stag beetle, is a species of beetle in the family Lucanidae.	Phalacrognathus muelleri	species
taxon rank	Thalassinidea is a former infraorder of decapod crustaceans that live in burrows in muddy bottoms of the world's oceans.	Thalassinidea	infraorder
taxon rank	The mydid fly genus Rhaphiomidas contains fewer than 30 species/subspecies, all of them occurring in the desert regions of the southwestern United States and adjacent portions of northwestern Mexico.	Rhaphiomidas	genus
taxon rank	Urtica chamaedryoides, commonly called heartleaf nettle, is a species of flowering plant in the nettle family.	Urtica chamaedryoides	species
taxon rank	Plicofollis is a genus of sea catfishes found along the coasts of the Indian Ocean from Africa to Australasia with some species ranging up into the Philippines.	Plicofollis	genus
taxon rank	Sirenoscincus is a genus of burrowing lizards, skinks that are endemic to Madagascar.	Sirenoscincus	genus
taxon rank	Penstemon anguineus is a species of penstemon known by the common name Siskiyou beardtongue.	Penstemon anguineus	species
taxon rank	Xenotyphlops grandidieri is a species of blind snake endemic to Madagascar.	Xenotyphlops grandidieri	species
taxon rank	Aromobates saltuensis (common name: salty rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Aromobates saltuensis	species
taxon rank	The Bucephaloidea are a superfamily of trematode flatworms, belonging to the large group Digenea.	Bucephaloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Cortinarius argyrionus is a species of sequestrate (truffle-like) fungus in the family Cortinariaceae.	Cortinarius argyrionus	species
taxon rank	Betta tomi is a species of gourami native to the Malaysian Peninsula where it is currently only found in Johor.	Betta tomi	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum palmerianum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Palmer's buckwheat.	Eriogonum palmerianum	species
taxon rank	Stereocyclops (common name: Brazilian dumpy frogs) is a small genus of microhylid frogs endemic to the Atlantic forest of eastern Brazil.	Stereocyclops	genus
taxon rank	Luzula lutea, is a species of perennial plant in Juncaceae family which is 12--15 centimetres (4.7--5.9 in) tall.	Luzula lutea	species
taxon rank	Dichocoenia stellaris, commonly known as pancake star coral, is a species of stony coral in the family Meandrinidae.	Dichocoenia stellaris	species
taxon rank	Hesperostipa comata, commonly known as needle-and-thread grass, is a species of grass native to North America, especially the western third.	Hesperostipa comata	species
taxon rank	Plesiocystiscus josephinae is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Marginellidae, sometimes placed in the family Cystiscidae.	Plesiocystiscus josephinae	species
taxon rank	Trichostenidea rufopunctata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichostenidea.	Trichostenidea rufopunctata	species
taxon rank	The Oriental fire-bellied toad (Bombina orientalis) is a small (4 cm, 2``) semiaquatic frog species found in Korea, northeastern China, and adjacent parts of Russia.	Oriental fire-bellied toad	species
taxon rank	Lithobius microps (also known as stone centipede; or in the United States as Delcore's Centipede (It's synonyms are Lithobius duboscqui and Sigibius puritanicus) is a species of centipede from Lithobiidae family that can be found in the Northeast of the United States, England and South Wales.	Lithobius microps	species
taxon rank	Janetaescincus is a genus of burrowing skinks (family Scincidae) endemic to the Seychelles.	Janetaescincus	genus
taxon rank	The Sepidiini is a tribe of ground-dwelling darkling beetles (Tenebrionidae), that occurs across Africa, the Mediterranean Basin, the Arabian Peninsula and Mesopotamia.	Sepidiini	tribe
taxon rank	Paracanthocobitis zonalternans also known as the Dwarf zipper loach is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Paracanthocobitis.	Paracanthocobitis zonalternans	species
taxon rank	Gyrinus is a genus of small aquatic whirligig beetles in the family Gyrinidae native to the Palearctic (including Europe), the Near East, the Nearctic and North Africa.	Gyrinus	genus
taxon rank	Campichoetidae is a small family of acalyptrate Diptera with only one genus Campichoeta Macquart, 1835.They are regarded by some authors as Diastatidae.	Campichoetidae	family
taxon rank	Pinus densata, commonly known as the Sikang pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus densata	species
taxon rank	Calliophis is a genus of venomous elapid snakes, one of several known commonly as oriental coral snakes or Asian coral snakes.	Calliophis	genus
taxon rank	Parablennius intermedius, the false Tasmanian blenny or horned blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the Indian ocean near Australian coasts.	Parablennius intermedius	species
taxon rank	Ceramaster patagonicus, the cookie star, is a species of sea star.	Ceramaster patagonicus	species
taxon rank	Pergularia is a genus of the botanical family Apocynaceae.	Pergularia	genus
taxon rank	Conozoa is a genus of grasshoppers in the family Acrididae.	Conozoa	genus
taxon rank	Pittosporum tobira is a species of flowering plant in the Pittosporum family known by several common names, including Japanese pittosporum, Japanese mock-orange and Japanese cheesewood.	Pittosporum tobira	species
taxon rank	Vitis arizonica, commonly known as Canyon grape, is a North American species of wild grape.	Vitis arizonica	species
taxon rank	Mirabilis rotundifolia is a species of flowering plant in the four o'clock family known by the common name roundleaf four o'clock.	Mirabilis rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Caliciviridae is a family of viruses, members of Class IV of the Baltimore scheme.	Caliciviridae	family
taxon rank	Based on features of the peristome and recognition of a wrinkle layer, unique in this family, Frest et al., 1981, renamed the genus Sosioceras, in reference to its location, arguing for its separation.	Sosioceras	genus
taxon rank	Malus × micromalus (also known as midget crabapple or Kaido crabapple), is a species in the genus Malus, in the family Rosaceae.	Malus × micromalus	species
taxon rank	Swordfish are ectothermic animals; however, along with some species of sharks, they have special organs next to their eyes to heat their eyes and brains.	Swordfish	species
taxon rank	Acontias is a genus of limbless skinks, the lance skinks, (family Scincidae) in the African subfamily Acontinae.	Acontias	genus
taxon rank	Phoeniculus is a genus of bird in the Phoeniculidae family.	Phoeniculus	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea halconensis is a species of tree fern native to the islands of Luzon and Mindoro in the Philippines, where it grows in forest at an altitude of 1200-1700 m. The trunk of this plant is erect and 2-4 m tall.	Cyathea halconensis	species
taxon rank	Myrceugenia exsucca is an evergreen woody flowering plant species of the Myrtle family, Myrtaceae.	Myrceugenia exsucca	species
taxon rank	Opuntia polyacantha is a common species of cactus known by the common names plains pricklypear, hairspine cactus, panhandle pricklypear, and starvation pricklypear.	Opuntia polyacantha	species
taxon rank	Although conventionally considered to be an order in the class Scyphozoa, recent genetic studies suggest that Stauromedusae should be elevated to a taxon equivalent of Scyphozoa and Cubozoa, and should therefore be known as the class Staurozoa.	Stauromedusae	order
taxon rank	Lactuca, commonly known as lettuce, is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, Asteraceae.	Lactuca	genus
taxon rank	Cretaceogekko is an extinct monotypic genus of gecko (represented by the type species Cretaceogekko burmae) known from a single partial specimen preserved in amber from the Early Cretaceous of Burma.	Cretaceogekko	species
taxon rank	Geranium arboreum is a rare species of geranium known by the common names Hawaiian red-flowered geranium and Hawaii red cranesbill.	Geranium arboreum	species
taxon rank	Morania is a genus of cyanobacterium preserved as carbonaceous films in the Middle Cambrian Burgess Shale.	Morania	genus
taxon rank	†Partula rustica was a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	Partula rustica	species
taxon rank	Oman ypsilon, the Oman blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Indian ocean, around Oman.	Oman ypsilon	species
taxon rank	Lonicera conjugialis is a species of honeysuckle known by the common name purpleflower honeysuckle.	Lonicera conjugialis	species
taxon rank	Eupristocerus cogitans is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Eupristocerus.	Eupristocerus	genus
taxon rank	Clausirion bicolor is a species of longhorn beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	Clausirion bicolor	species
taxon rank	Hemimenia is a genus of solenogasters, shell-less, worm-like mollusks.	Hemimenia	genus
taxon rank	The bacterial order Chlamydiales includes only obligately intracellular bacteria that have a chlamydia-like developmental cycle of replication and at least 80% 16S rRNA or 23S rRNA gene sequence identity with other members of Chlamydiales.	Chlamydiales	order
taxon rank	Phyllachora is a genus of fungi in the family Phyllachoraceae.	Phyllachora	genus
taxon rank	Pygomeles is a genus of skinks endemic to Madagascar.	Pygomeles	genus
taxon rank	Fittonia verschaffeltii (commonly known as Nerve Plant) is a species of tropical plant native to Peru.	Fittonia verschaffeltii	species
voice type	Donnie Ray Albert (born January 10, 1950) is an American operatic baritone who has had an active international career since 1976.	Donnie Ray Albert	baritone
voice type	Lauren Flanigan (born May 18, 1959) is an American operatic soprano who has had an active international career since the 1980s.	Lauren Flanigan	soprano
voice type	Nancy Fabiola Herrera is a Canarian mezzo-soprano opera singer.	Nancy Fabiola Herrera	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Sandra Warfield (June 8, 1921 -- June 29, 2009) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano who performed with New York City's Metropolitan Opera from the 1950s through the 1970s.	Sandra Warfield	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Béatrice La Palme (July 27, 1878 -- January 8, 1921), was a soprano opera singer, violinist, and music teacher.	Béatrice La Palme	soprano
voice type	Robin Follman is an American operatic soprano who has appeared in many of the world's best opera houses and concert halls in operas, oratorios, concerts, and recitals.	Robin Follman	soprano
voice type	Isabella Girardeau (née Calliari?; ? -- ?) was an Italian operatic soprano who flourished in London, England from 1709 to 1712.	Isabella Girardeau	soprano
voice type	Stephen Mahy is an Australian born tenor from Sydney, NSW best known for originating the role of Bob Gaudio in the Australian production of Jersey Boys.	Stephen Mahy	tenor
voice type	Alessandro Bonci (February 10, 1870 -- August 10, 1940) was an Italian lyric tenor known internationally for his association with the bel canto repertoire.	Alessandro Bonci	tenor
voice type	Andrew Foster-Williams (born in Wigan, Greater Manchester) is an English operatic bass-baritone, concert singer and recitalist.	Andrew Foster-Williams	baritone
voice type	Christa Mayer is a German operatic mezzo-soprano.	Christa Mayer	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Irene Dalis (born Yvonne Patricia Dalis, October 8, 1925 -- December 14, 2014) was an American mezzo-soprano singer, who had a long international career at the highest levels of world opera.	Irene Dalis	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Denia Mazzola - Gavazzeni, is an operatic soprano, born 4 February 1953 in Bergamo, Italy.	Denia Mazzola	soprano
voice type	Amy Evans (24 October 1884 -- 5 January 1983) was a Welsh soprano and actress known for her performances in oratorio, recitals, and opera.	Amy Evans	soprano
voice type	Charles-Louis Sainte-Foy, born Charles-Louis Pubereaux, also known simply as Sainte-Foy (13 February 1817 -- 1 April 1877) was a French operatic tenor who sang at the Opéra-Comique for over 30 years.	Charles-Louis Sainte-Foy	tenor
voice type	Christian Kostal León de Castillo (born 7 September 1985) is an Austrian-Mexican tenor, conceptual artist, musicologist and artistic director.	León de Castillo	tenor
voice type	Nathan Berg (born in Spalding, Saskatchewan, Canada) is an operatic bass-baritone who has had a concert, opera and recording career largely in North America and Europe.	Nathan Berg	bass-baritone
voice type	Birgit Nilsson (17 May 1918 -- 25 December 2005) was a celebrated Swedish dramatic soprano who specialized in operatic works of Wagner and Strauss, though she sang the operas of many other composers, including Verdi and Puccini.	Birgit Nilsson	soprano
voice type	Roland Hayes (June 3, 1887 -- January 1, 1977) was an American lyric tenor and composer.	Roland Hayes	tenor
voice type	Marion Hood (1 April 1854 - 14 August 1912) was an English soprano who performed in opera and musical theatre in the last decades of the 19th century.	Marion Hood	soprano
voice type	Barbara Smith Conrad (born 1940) is an American operatic mezzo-soprano of international acclaim.	Barbara Smith Conrad	mezzo-soprano
voice type	Jaume Aragall i Garriga (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈʒawmə əɾəˈɣaʎ); born 6 June 1939), better known as Giacomo Aragall, is a Spanish operatic tenor, considered one of the best ever, not just for the beauty of his voice but also for the wonderful way of singing and acting.	Giacomo Aragall	tenor
voice type	Orlandus Wilson (1917 -- December 30, 1998) was one of the longest standing members of the Golden Gate Quartet and the group's bass singer.	Orlandus Wilson	bass
voice type	Mathilde Mallinger (Croatian pronunciation: (mǎliŋger); 17 February 1847 -- 19 April 1920) was a famous Croatian lyric soprano opera singer.	Mathilde Mallinger	soprano
voice type	Viola Gillette (1871-1956), born Viola Pratt, was an American contralto from Salt Lake City.	Viola Gillette	contralto
voice type	Pauline Lucca (April 25, 1841 -- February 28, 1908) was a prominent operatic soprano, born in the Austrian capital of Vienna.	Pauline Lucca	soprano
voice type	Luigi Marini, (1885 -- 1942) was an Italian lyric tenor.	Luigi Marini	tenor
voice type	Lawrence Brownlee (born 1972) is an American operatic tenor particularly associated with the bel canto repertoire.	Lawrence Brownlee	tenor
voice type	André Pernet (1894--1966) was a French bass-baritone opera performer.	André Pernet	bass
voice type	Deborah Polaski (born May 26, 1949, in Richland Center, Wisconsin) is an American opera and concert singer (soprano).	Deborah Polaski	soprano
voice type	McHenry Boatwright (February 29, 1928 -- November 5, 1994) was an American operatic bass-baritone and singing teacher.	McHenry Boatwright	baritone
voice type	Lilli Lehmann, born Elisabeth Maria Lehmann, later Elisabeth Maria Lehmann-Kalisch (24 November 1848, in Würzburg -- 17 May 1929, in Berlin) was a German operatic soprano of phenomenal versatility.	Lilli Lehmann	soprano
voice type	Giacinta Toso (1807-1889), (also Toso Puzzi or Puzzi Toso), Maman Puzzi, was an Italian operatic soprano who had a significant career in England during the 1820s and 1830s, before ill health forced her to retire from the stage.	Giacinta Toso	soprano
voice type	Noemí Carrión Pérez, is a Spanish singer (soprano and mezzo soprano), dancer, and actress, known also as Naymi and Noemí.	Noemí Carrión	soprano
voice type	Dame Isobel Baillie, DBE (9 March 1895 -- 24 September 1983) was a Scottish soprano, popular in opera, oratorio and lieder.	Isobel Baillie	soprano
voice type	Gemma Bellincioni (Italian pronunciation: (ˈdʒɛmma bellinˈtʃoːni); 18 August 1864 -- 23 April 1950) was an Italian soprano and one of the best-known opera singers of the late 19th century.	Gemma Bellincioni	soprano
voice type	Alenka Gotar is a Slovene soprano singer, born in Rodica pri Domžalah in 1977.	Alenka Gotar	soprano
voice type	Victoria Bezetti (born 11 March 1937) is a Romanian classical soprano who had an active performance career from the 1960s through the 1990s.	Victoria Bezetti	soprano
voice type	Johan Reuter (born 1969 in Copenhagen) is a Danish baritone and opera singer.	Johan Reuter	baritone
voice type	Marietta Alboni (6 March 1826 -- 23 June 1894) was a renowned Italian contralto opera singer.	Marietta Alboni	contralto
