The M101 Group is a loose group of galaxies located in Ursa Major .
Horst Janssen ( 14 November 1929 -- 31 August 1995 ) was a German draftsman , printmaker , poster artist and illustrator .
Juan Manuel Eguiagaray ( born 1945 ) is a Spanish economist , academic , businessman and retired politician .
Krępnica ( krɛmpˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Bolesławiec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Khorasanak Station ( Persian : ايستگاه خراسانك‎ -- Īstgāh - e Khorāsānak ) is a village and railway station in Aliabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nowa Rokitnica ( ˈnɔva rɔkitˈnit͡sa ) ( German : Neurocken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Trübsee is a mountain lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden .
Gilttoyees Inlet is an inlet in the North Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Maharlu Kohneh ( Persian : مهارلوكهنه‎ , also Romanized as Mahārlū Kohneh ) is a village in Maharlu Rural District , Kuhenjan District , Sarvestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pott Row is an expanding village near King 's Lynn , Norfolk .
The American Academy in Berlin is located in the Hans Arnhold Center in a villa on the shores of the Wannsee , a lake within the identically - named district in the southwestern part of Berlin .
Seneghe ( Sardinian : Sèneghe ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) north of Oristano .
Santiago Maravatío is a Mexican city ( and municipality ) located in the Bajío ( lowlands ) of the state of Guanajuato .
The Rutgers School of Dental Medicine ( formerly New Jersey Dental School ) is the dental school of Rutgers University .
Haute - Corse ( French pronunciation : ​(ot.kɔʁs ) ; Corsican : Corsica suprana ) ( English : Upper Corsica ) is a department of France consisting of the northern part of the island of Corsica .
The Lariat is a 1927 short novel by the poet and anthropologist Jaime de Angulo , set in Spanish California .
Adriana Samuel Ramos ( born April 12 , 1966 in Resende , Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian volleyball player , who won the silver medal in the inaugural women 's beach volleyball tournament at the 1996 Summer Olympics , partnering Mônica Rodrigues .
Tale of the Navajos is a 1949 American documentary film written by Harry Chandlee and John A. Haeseler .
In August 1997 , shortly before the game 's release , The Logic Factory announced they had split with Broderbund and would publish The Tone Rebellion under Virgin Interactive .
Lenka Maňhalová ( born October 28 , 1974 in Liberec ) is a retired female breaststroke and medley swimmer from the Czech Republic , who twice competed for her native country at the Olympic Games : in 1992 and 1996 .
