author	Judas Country is a first person narrative novel by English author Gavin Lyall, first published in 1975.	Judas Country	Gavin Lyall
author	The Sense of Beauty is a book on aesthetics by George Santayana.	The Sense of Beauty	George Santayana
author	Accelerando is a 2005 science fiction novel consisting of a series of interconnected short stories by British author Charles Stross.	Accelerando	Charles Stross
author	Three Popes and the Jews is a 1967 book by Pinchas Lapide, a former Israeli Consul to Milan, who at the time of publication was a deputy editor in the Israeli Prime Ministers press office.	Three Popes and the Jews	Pinchas Lapide
author	Warlords of Atlantis received a Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) rating of PG. It was novelised by Paul Victor.	Warlords of Atlantis	Paul Victor
author	Star Trek/X-Men is a one-shot comic book crossover, written by Scott Lobdell and published in 1996.	Star Trek/X-Men	Scott Lobdell
author	Caesar Antichrist (French: César-Antéchrist) is a short 1895 play by the French writer Alfred Jarry.	Caesar Antichrist	Alfred Jarry
author	The Shadow Club is a book written by Neal Shusterman about two middle school students, Jared Mercer and Cheryl Gannett, who see themselves as the ``second best'' students in their school at the activities that they do best.	The Shadow Club	Neal Shusterman
author	The Transall Saga (also known as Blue Light) is a 1998 novel by Gary Paulsen.	The Transall Saga	Gary Paulsen
author	Woman in Bronze is a novel by Canadian-Lithuanian Antanas Sileika.	Woman in Bronze	Antanas Sileika
author	Deep Storm is the third solo novel by American author Lincoln Child, published on January 30, 2007.	Deep Storm	Lincoln Child
author	Madmen and Specialists is a play by Wole Soyinka, conceived in 1970 during his imprisonment in the Nigerian Civil War.	Madmen and Specialists	Wole Soyinka
author	Dracula Cha Cha Cha (re-titled Judgment of Tears in the US), is a 1998 novel by British writer Kim Newman.	Dracula Cha Cha Cha	Kim Newman
author	Ben, in the World is a novel written by Doris Lessing, published in 2000, in which she stages a parody of the 'objectivity' of the narrator's voice.	Ben, in the World	Doris Lessing
author	The Passport (German: Der Mensch ist ein großer Fasan auf der Welt) is a novel by Nobel Prize-winning author Herta Müller, published in German in 1986.	The Passport	Herta Müller
author	The Death of a Pope is a 2009 novel by prize-winning English writer Piers Paul Read.	The Death of a Pope	Piers Paul Read
author	Summer in Baden-Baden (Лето в Бадене) is a book by a Soviet Jewish writer Leonid Tsypkin.	Summer in Baden-Baden	Leonid Tsypkin
author	Maigret in Exile (French: La Maison du Juge) is a 1940 detective novel by the Belgian mystery writer Georges Simenon.	Maigret in Exile	Georges Simenon
author	The American Boy's Handy Book is a handbook of activities intended for boys, written by a founder of the Boy Scouts of America, Daniel Carter Beard.	The American Boy's Handy Book	Daniel Carter Beard
author	The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary is a historical novel by Robert Hugh Benson, first published in 1906.	The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary	Robert Hugh Benson
author	Against All Things Ending is a 2010 fantasy novel by Stephen R. Donaldson.	Against All Things Ending	Stephen R. Donaldson
author	Confessions of Felix Krull is an unfinished 1954 novel by the German author Thomas Mann.	Confessions of Felix Krull	Thomas Mann
author	Petey (1998) is a children's novel by Ben Mikaelsen, published in 1998 and set in the 1920s and 1990s.	Petey	Ben Mikaelsen
author	The Women's Room is the debut novel by American feminist author Marilyn French, published in 1977 by Jove Books.	The Women's Room	Marilyn French
author	Wolf in White Van is the first novel by the American author and singer-songwriter John Darnielle.	Wolf in White Van	John Darnielle
author	``Nietzsche contra Wagner'' is a critical essay by Friedrich Nietzsche, composed of recycled passages from his past works.	Nietzsche contra Wagner	Friedrich Nietzsche
author	Burglar Bill was written in 1888 by Thomas Anstey Guthrie using the pseudonym F. Anstey, as a recitation.	Burglar Bill	Thomas Anstey Guthrie
author	Murphy's Herd is the third novel in Murphy series by Gary Paulsen.	Murphy's Herd	Gary Paulsen
author	Orphans of Chaos is a 2005 science fiction, fantasy novel by John C. Wright.	Orphans of Chaos	John C. Wright
author	The Second Sex (French: Le Deuxième Sexe) is a 1949 book by the French existentialist Simone de Beauvoir.	The Second Sex	Simone de Beauvoir
author	The Owl Tree is a novella by Jenny Nimmo which was released in 1997.	The Owl Tree	Jenny Nimmo
author	The Canning Season is a young adult novel by American-Canadian author Polly Horvath.	The Canning Season	Polly Horvath
author	Ayesha's Rainbow is a 2006 children's novel written by Rabina Khan about a young Bangladeshi girl who befriends an elderly white neighbour despite escalating racism around them.	Ayesha's Rainbow	Rabina Khan
author	This Thing of Darkness was the debut novel of Harry Thompson, published in 2005 only months before his death in November of that year at the age of 45.	This Thing of Darkness	Harry Thompson
author	Miss Julie (Swedish: Fröken Julie) is a naturalistic play written in 1888 by August Strindberg.	Miss Julie	August Strindberg
author	The Unvanquished is a novel by the American author William Faulkner, set in Yoknapatawpha County.	The Unvanquished	William Faulkner
author	Ramage and the Drumbeat, also published as Drumbeat is an historical novel by Dudley Pope, set during 1796 and 1797 amongst the naval warfare of the French Revolutionary Wars.	Ramage and the Drumbeat	Dudley Pope
author	``The Crime and the Glory of Commander Suzdal'' is a science fiction short story by Cordwainer Smith, set in Smith's ``Instrumentality'' universe.	The Crime and the Glory of Commander Suzdal	Cordwainer Smith
author	Passport to Eternity is a short-story collection by J. G. Ballard.	Passport to Eternity	J. G. Ballard
author	The Flight of Pony Baker is a novel for children, one of the many stories written by William Dean Howells.	The Flight of Pony Baker	William Dean Howells
author	Where Troy Once Stood is a book by Iman Wilkens that argues that the city of Troy was located in England and that the Trojan War was fought between groups of Celts.	Where Troy Once Stood	Iman Wilkens
author	Tom a Lincoln is a romance by the English writer Richard Johnson, published in two parts in 1599 and 1607.	Tom a Lincoln	Richard Johnson
author	Oberon Old and New or Oberon Past and Present is a book containing a new libretto written by Anthony Burgess in 1985 for Carl Maria von Weber's last opera Oberon (1826).	Oberon Old and New	Anthony Burgess
author	The Mirror Maker is a collection of stories and essays by Italian author Primo Levi originally published in the Italian newspaper La Stampa.	The Mirror Maker	Primo Levi
author	Something to Answer For (1969) is a novel by the English writer P. H. Newby.	Something to Answer For	P. H. Newby
author	Sudha Parimala is a Sanskrit work on Dvaita philosophy written by Raghavendra Swami.	Sudha Parimala	Raghavendra Swami
author	Those Who Watch is a science fiction novel by Robert Silverberg, first published by Signet in 1967.	Those Who Watch	Robert Silverberg
author	Foundations of Christianity (German: Der Ursprung des Christentums) is a 1908 book by Marxist theoretician Karl Kautsky.	Foundations of Christianity	Karl Kautsky
author	The Two Cultures is the first part of an influential 1959 Rede Lecture by British scientist and novelist C. P. Snow.	The Two Cultures	C. P. Snow
author	Touch Not the Cat is a novel by Mary Stewart; it was first published in 1976 and is one of her best-known works.	Touch Not the Cat	Mary Stewart
author	``The Night Flier'' is a horror short story by Stephen King, first published in the anthology Prime Evil:	The Night Flier	Stephen King
author	Gift from the Sea is a book by Anne Morrow Lindbergh first published in 1955.	Gift from the Sea	Anne Morrow Lindbergh
author	Flowers in the Sand (2011), the second novel by South African author Clive Algar, has been described by literary critics as ``completely engrossing and superbly written'' and ``a great adventure story''.	Flowers in the Sand	Clive Algar
author	L'Europe galante (Galant Europe) is an opéra-ballet in a prologue and four entrées by André Campra, The French text was by Antoine Houdar de la Motte.	L'Europe galante	André Campra
author	Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town is a sequence of stories by Stephen Leacock, first published in 1912.	Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town	Stephen Leacock
author	The Miracle of Castel di Sangro is an account by American writer Joe McGinniss of the first season Italian club Castel di Sangro Calcio spent in Serie B.	The Miracle of Castel di Sangro	Joe McGinniss
author	Evil Always Ends is a supernatural detective novella by Joseph Payne Brennan.	Evil Always Ends	Joseph Payne Brennan
author	'night, Mother is a 1983 play by Marsha Norman about a daughter, Jessie, and her mother, Thelma (referred to as ``Mama'' in the play).	'night, Mother	Marsha Norman
author	The Tiara Club is a series of children's books by Vivian French, and published by HarperCollins.	The Tiara Club	Vivian French
author	Black-Body Theory and the Quantum Discontinuity, 1894-1912 is a 1978 book by Thomas Kuhn, a philosopher and historian of science known for his work The Structure of Scientific Revolutions (1962).	Black-Body Theory and the Quantum Discontinuity, 1894-1912	Thomas Kuhn
author	Exit the King (French: Le Roi se meurt) is an absurdist drama by Eugène Ionesco that premiered in 1962.	Exit the King	Eugène Ionesco
author	Year's Best SF 2 (ISBN 0-06-105746-0) is a science fiction anthology edited by David G. Hartwell that was published in 1997.	Year's Best SF 2	David G. Hartwell
author	Kun nainen hallitsi, rakasti ja vihasi (Finnish: When a Woman Ruled, Loved and Hated) is a collection book of historical short stories about European female monarchs by Finnish author Kaari Utrio.	Kun nainen hallitsi, rakasti ja vihasi	Kaari Utrio
author	The Corrections is a 2001 novel by American author Jonathan Franzen.	The Corrections	Jonathan Franzen
author	Omega Minor is a 2004 novel by the Belgian writer Paul Verhaeghen.	Omega Minor	Paul Verhaeghen
author	The Last Love of Arsène Lupin is a posthumous novel written by Maurice Leblanc, rehearsing the later years of his frequent hero, Arsène Lupin.	The Last Love of Arsène Lupin	Maurice Leblanc
author	Raboliot is a French novel, written by Maurice Genevoix, published in 1925.	Raboliot	Maurice Genevoix
author	The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes is a collection of Sherlock Holmes stories, originally published in 1894, by Arthur Conan Doyle.	The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes	Arthur Conan Doyle
author	The Expedition of Humphry Clinker was the last of the picaresque novels of Tobias Smollett, and is considered by many to be his best and funniest work.	The Expedition of Humphry Clinker	Tobias Smollett
author	There were plans to add two more members to X-Nation 2099, but the plans were scrapped when Tom Peyer and Humberto Ramos left the book within the first three issues.	X-Nation 2099	Humberto Ramos
author	Better Than Life is a science fiction comedy novel by Grant Naylor, the collective name for Rob Grant and Doug Naylor, co-creators and writers of the Red Dwarf television series, on which the novel is based.	Better Than Life	Rob Grant	Doug Naylor
author	A Good Marriage is a novella by Stephen King, published in his collection Full Dark, No Stars (2010).	A Good Marriage	Stephen King
author	Cuckoo's Egg is a novel by science fiction and fantasy author C. J. Cherryh.	Cuckoo's Egg	C. J. Cherryh
author	Blue Remembered Earth is a science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds, first published by Gollancz on 19 January 2012.	Blue Remembered Earth	Alastair Reynolds
author	A Kind of Loving is a novel by the English novelist Stan Barstow.	A Kind of Loving	Stan Barstow
author	Frog and the Birdsong (Dutch: ``Kikker en het vogeltje'') is a 1991 children's book by Dutch author and illustrator Max Velthuijs.	Frog and the Birdsong	Max Velthuijs
author	Ric Hochet is a Franco-Belgian comics series created by Tibet (drawings) and André-Paul Duchâteau (scripts).	Ric Hochet	André-Paul Duchâteau
author	De Otio (On Leisure) is a Latin work by Seneca (4 BC--65 AD).	De Otio	Seneca
author	Mile 81 is a novella by Stephen King, originally published as an e-book on September 1, 2011.	Mile 81	Stephen King
author	Letters from Lehrer is a play written by Canadian playwright Richard Greenblatt, and performed by him at CanStage, from 16 January to 25 February 2006.	Letters from Lehrer	Richard Greenblatt
author	How Few Remain is a 1997 alternate history novel by Harry Turtledove.	How Few Remain	Harry Turtledove
author	The Lycurgeia (Ancient Greek: Λυκούργεια, Lykoúrgeia) is a lost tetralogy by the Athenian dramatist Aeschylus that concerned Thracian Lycurgus' conflict with Dionysus and its aftermath.	Lycurgeia	Aeschylus
author	The Tree of Man is the fourth published novel by the Australian novelist and 1973 Nobel Prize-winner, Patrick White.	The Tree of Man	Patrick White
author	Crash Deluxe is a postcyberpunk novel by science fiction author Marianne de Pierres and is the third and final Parrish Plessis Novel.	Crash Deluxe	Marianne de Pierres
author	The Year of the Quiet Sun is a 1970 science fiction novel by Wilson Tucker about the use of forward time travel to ascertain future political and social events.	The Year of the Quiet Sun	Wilson Tucker
author	The Burning Dark (originally titled Shadow's Call) is a 2014 sci-fi horror novel by Adam Christopher.	The Burning Dark	Adam Christopher
author	An Essay on Criticism is one of the first major poems written by the English writer Alexander Pope (1688--1744).	An Essay on Criticism	Alexander Pope
author	Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us! is a 2009 fictional work by American political activist Ralph Nader, described by him as a practical utopia, in the style of Edward Bellamy's 1888 utopian novel Looking Backwards.	Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!	Ralph Nader
author	Specters of the Dawn (1994) is a science fiction novel and the third book in the Moreau series by S. Andrew Swann (aka Steven Swiniarski), published by DAW Books.	Specters of the Dawn	S. Andrew Swann
author	Fox Bunny Funny is a graphic novel by Andy Hartzell.	Fox Bunny Funny	Andy Hartzell
author	In the Lake of the Woods (1994) is a novel by the American author Tim O'Brien.	In the Lake of the Woods	Tim O'Brien
author	Travels with Herodotus is a non-fiction book written by the Polish journalist, Ryszard Kapuściński, published in 2004 and now available in English translation.	Travels with Herodotus	Ryszard Kapuściński
author	Angry White Pyjamas is a book written by Robert Twigger about his time in a one-year intensive program of studying Yoshinkan aikido.	Angry White Pyjamas	Robert Twigger
author	Sex, Slander, and Salvation (Investigating The Family/Children of God) was a 1994 book edited by J. Gordon Melton and James R. Lewis, on the Family International.	Sex, Slander, and Salvation	J. Gordon Melton	James R. Lewis
author	I Will Fear No Evil is a science fiction novel by Robert A. Heinlein, originally serialised in Galaxy (July, August/September, October/November, December 1970) and published in hardcover in 1970.	I Will Fear No Evil	Robert A. Heinlein
author	My Big Brother, Boris is a children's picture book by Liz Pichon, published in 2004.	My Big Brother, Boris	Liz Pichon
author	The Terminators by Donald Hamilton is a spy novel first published in April 1975.	The Terminators	Donald Hamilton
author	``The Gods of the Copybook Headings'' is a poem published by Rudyard Kipling in 1919, which, editor Andrew Rutherford said, contained ``age-old, unfashionable wisdom'' that Kipling saw as having been forgotten by society and replaced by ``habits of wishful thinking.''	The Gods of the Copybook Headings	Rudyard Kipling
author	Daisy Miller is a novella by Henry James that first appeared in Cornhill Magazine in June--	Daisy Miller	Henry James
author	To Damascus (Swedish: Till Damaskus), also known as The Road to Damascus, is a trilogy of plays by the Swedish playwright August Strindberg.	To Damascus	August Strindberg
author	The Lonestar Legacy were a trilogy of books written by Pastor Gilbert Morris, they are set in the early-mid 19th century in Texas and mix both fiction with non-fiction.	Lonestar Legacy	Gilbert Morris
author	The Real Freshman Handbook (1996) is a non-fiction book by Jennifer Hanson, which offers ``an irreverent and totally honest guide to life on campus''.	The Real Freshman Handbook	Jennifer Hanson
author	Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch is a memoir written by Henry Miller, first published in 1957, about his life in Big Sur, California, where he resided for 18 years.	Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch	Henry Miller
author	Through Alien Eyes is a science fiction novel by Amy Thomson published in 1999 by Ace Books, the sequel to The Color of Distance.	Through Alien Eyes	Amy Thomson
author	The Load of Unicorn is a children's historical novel written and illustrated by Cynthia Harnett.	The Load of Unicorn	Cynthia Harnett
author	Printemps et autres saisons is the title of a collection of short stories written in French by French Nobel laureate J. M. G. Le Clézio .	Printemps et autres saisons	J. M. G. Le Clézio
author	Crown Duel is a 2002 young adult fantasy novel written by American author Sherwood Smith, originally published as two separate books, Crown Duel (1997) and Court Duel (1998).	Crown Duel	Sherwood Smith
author	Wild Ducks Flying Backward is a book by Tom Robbins, published on August 30, 2005.	Wild Ducks Flying Backward	Tom Robbins
author	The Firebringer Trilogy is a fantasy series written by Meredith Ann Pierce.	The Firebringer Trilogy	Meredith Ann Pierce
author	La Fanfarlo is a work by French poet Charles Baudelaire, first published in January 1847.	La Fanfarlo	Charles Baudelaire
author	The Edible Woman is a 1969 novel that helped to establish Margaret Atwood as a prose writer of major significance.	The Edible Woman	Margaret Atwood
author	Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins is a collection of two Tarzan novellas written by Edgar Rice Burroughs for younger readers.	Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins	Edgar Rice Burroughs
author	In the Garden of Iden is a 1997 science fiction novel by Kage Baker.	In the Garden of Iden	Kage Baker
author	The Exploits of Moominpappa, first published in 1950 and then considerably revised in 1968 under the title Moominpappa's Memoirs, is the fourth book in the Moomin series by Tove Jansson.	The Exploits of Moominpappa	Tove Jansson
author	Race and Slavery in the Middle East: an Historical Enquiry is a 1990 book written by the British historian Bernard Lewis.	Race and Slavery in the Middle East	Bernard Lewis
author	Handbuch des Schachspiels (Handbook of Chess, often simply called the Handbuch) is a chess book, first published in 1843 by Tassilo von Heydebrand und der Lasa.	Handbuch des Schachspiels	Tassilo von Heydebrand und der Lasa
author	A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language (ISBN 9780582517349) is a descriptive grammar of English written by Randolph Quirk, Sidney Greenbaum, Geoffrey Leech, and Jan Svartvik.	A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language	Randolph Quirk
author	The Twilight of Briareus is a science-fiction novel by John Middleton Murry, Jr., under his pseudonym Richard Cowper.	The Twilight of Briareus	John Middleton Murry, Jr.
author	Explorers of the New Century is the fifth novel by Booker shortlisted author Magnus Mills, published in 2005.	Explorers of the New Century	Magnus Mills
author	Nightfall and Other Stories (1969) is an anthology book compiling twenty previously published science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov.	Nightfall and Other Stories	Isaac Asimov
author	``Les Litanies de Satan'' (``The Litanies of Satan'') is a poem by Charles Baudelaire, published as part of Les Fleurs du mal.	Les Litanies de Satan	Charles Baudelaire
author	The Punch and Judy Murders (also published under the title The Magic Lantern Murders) is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr (1906--1977), who published it under the name of Carter Dickson.	The Punch and Judy Murders	John Dickson Carr
author	Saris and the City is a 2010 romantic novel written by Rekha Waheed about a career-driven woman looking for a suitable husband.	Saris and the City	Rekha Waheed
author	Threat Vector is a political thriller novel by Tom Clancy and Mark Greaney published on December 4, 2012.	Threat Vector	Tom Clancy
author	A History of Vodka (Russian: ``История водки'', Romanized: Istoriya vodki) is an academic monograph by William Pokhlyobkin, which was awarded the Langhe Ceretto Prize.	A History of Vodka	William Pokhlyobkin
author	Life Without Principle is an essay by Henry David Thoreau that offers his program for a righteous livelihood.	Life Without Principle	Henry David Thoreau
author	When the Lion Feeds (1964) is the debut novel of Rhodesian writer Wilbur Smith.	When the Lion Feeds	Wilbur Smith
author	Stop the Train is a children's novel by Geraldine McCaughrean, published in 2001.	Stop the Train	Geraldine McCaughrean
author	Up the Down Staircase is a novel written by Bel Kaufman, published in 1964, which spent 64 weeks on The New York Times Best Seller list.	Up the Down Staircase	Bel Kaufman
author	Isle of Swords is a pirate novel for young adults by Wayne Thomas Batson, also author of The Door Within Trilogy.	Isle of Swords	Wayne Thomas Batson
author	In Praise of Slow (U.S. title In Praise of Slowness) is a book by Carl Honoré containing his analysis of the ``Cult of Speed'', which he claims is becoming the societal standard all over the world.	In Praise of Slow	Carl Honoré
author	The Mad Man is a sexually drenched literary novel by Samuel R. Delany, first published in 1994 by Richard Kasak.	The Mad Man	Samuel R. Delany
author	Zettels Traum (ZETTEL's TRAUM as the author wrote the title) is a novel published in 1970 by West German author Arno Schmidt.	Zettels Traum	Arno Schmidt
author	Toad Rage (ISBN 0375827633) is a book by Australian author Morris Gleitzman.	Toad Rage	Morris Gleitzman
author	Are You Dave Gorman? is the title of a stage show by the British documentary comedian Dave Gorman and the book of the same name, co-written by Gorman and Danny Wallace.	Are You Dave Gorman?	Danny Wallace
author	Women Painters of the World, from the time of Caterina Vigri, 1413--1463, to Rosa Bonheur and the present day, assembled and edited by Walter Shaw Sparrow, lists an overview of prominent women painters up to 1905, the year of publication.	Women Painters of the World	Walter Shaw Sparrow
author	Pigs in Heaven is a 1993 novel by Barbara Kingsolver; it is the sequel to her first novel, The Bean Trees.	Pigs in Heaven	Barbara Kingsolver
author	Stranger on the Loose (2003) is the second book by American author D. Harlan Wilson.	Stranger on the Loose	D. Harlan Wilson
author	Son of the Mob is a book written by Canadian author Gordon Korman in 2002.	Son of the Mob	Gordon Korman
author	The Intercom Conspiracy is a novel by British thriller writer Eric Ambler, first published in 1969.	The Intercom Conspiracy	Eric Ambler
author	Motivation, Agency, and Public Policy is a non-fiction book written by the economist Julian Le Grand.	Motivation, Agency, and Public Policy	Julian Le Grand
author	Sons of Fortune is a novel by Jeffrey Archer, published 2002 (ISBN 1-4050-2079-2).	Sons of Fortune	Jeffrey Archer
author	Distant Lands (Dalniye Strany, Дальние страны) is a 1932 novel by the Soviet children's author Arkady Gaidar.	Distant Lands	Arkady Gaidar
author	The Church and the Homosexual is a 1976 book by the Jesuit theologian and priest John J. McNeill.	The Church and the Homosexual	John J. McNeill
author	While America Sleeps is a book by historians Donald Kagan and Frederick Kagan, published September 2000.	While America Sleeps	Donald Kagan	Frederick Kagan
author	Cowboy Henk is a Belgian absurd humor/surreal humour gag-a-day comic strip series, drawn by Herr Seele and written by Kamagurka.	Cowboy Henk	Kamagurka
author	The Saga of Eric Brighteyes is the title of an epic viking novel by H. Rider Haggard, and concerns the adventures of its eponymous principal character in 10th century Iceland.	Eric Brighteyes	H. Rider Haggard
author	Solomon Gursky Was Here is a novel by Canadian author Mordecai Richler first published by Viking Canada in 1989.	Solomon Gursky Was Here	Mordecai Richler
author	The Unfinished Revolution is a book by Michael Dertouzos, first published in 2001, that proposes why and how technology should be made to work for humans.	The Unfinished Revolution	Michael Dertouzos
author	La Cartografía Mallorquina ( The Majorcan cartography ) is a book of essays on the Majorcan portolans written by Professor Julio Rey Pastor with the collaboration of Ernesto García Camarero.	La Cartografía Mallorquina	Julio Rey Pastor
author	The Morganville Vampires is a series of young adult urban fantasy/vampire novels written by Rachel Caine.	The Morganville Vampires	Rachel Caine
author	Dreamland Japan is a 1996 book by Frederik L. Schodt published by Stone Bridge Press that was intended as a ``sequel'' to Schodt's 1983 book Manga!	Dreamland Japan	Frederik L. Schodt
author	The Beggar and the Diamond is a re-telling of a Hindu parable written by Stephen King which was published as part of his 1993 short story collection, Nightmares & Dreamscapes.	The Beggar and the Diamond	Stephen King
author	Memoirs of a Spacewoman is a science fiction novel by Naomi Mitchison, already a noted novelist and poet and sister of the famous biologist J.B.S. Haldane.	Memoirs of a Spacewoman	Naomi Mitchison
author	The Tenants of Moonbloom is a novel by the Jewish American writer Edward Lewis Wallant (1926--1962).	The Tenants of Moonbloom	Edward Lewis Wallant
author	The Zero Game is a novel written by Brad Meltzer which follows two senior Congressional staffers who become involved in the clandestine Zero Game.	The Zero Game	Brad Meltzer
author	Unburnable, a novel published in 2006 by HarperCollins/Amistad, was written by the Caribbean author Marie-Elena John (born in Antigua), who was also an Africa Development specialist in New York and Washington, D.C. prior to turning to writing.	Unburnable	Marie-Elena John
author	The 48 Laws of Power (1998) is the first book by American author Robert Greene.	The 48 Laws of Power	Robert Greene
author	Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories (ISBN 978-1-59606-128-6) is an original collection featuring a novel and other short literary works by science fiction author Philip José Farmer, edited by Christopher Paul Carey, published in 2007.	Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories	Philip José Farmer
author	The Distichs of Cato (Latin: Catonis Disticha, most famously known simply as Cato), is a Latin collection of proverbial wisdom and morality by an unknown author named Dionysius Cato from the 3rd or 4th century AD.	Distichs of Cato	Dionysius Cato
author	``What the Moon Brings'' is a short story by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft, written on June 5, 1922.	What the Moon Brings	H. P. Lovecraft
author	The Lorax is a children's book written by Dr. Seuss and first published in 1971.	The Lorax	Dr. Seuss
author	Destiny Times Three is an alternate timeline 1945 science fiction novel by Fritz Leiber.	Destiny Times Three	Fritz Leiber
author	You Have Seen Their Faces is a book by photographer Margaret Bourke-White and novelist Erskine Caldwell.	You Have Seen Their Faces	Margaret Bourke-White	Erskine Caldwell
author	American Flagg! is an American comic book series created by writer-artist Howard Chaykin, published by First Comics from 1983 to 1989.	American Flagg!	Howard Chaykin
author	Hey, What's Wrong with This One? is a 1969 children's novel by Maia Wojciechowska.	Hey, What's Wrong with This One?	Maia Wojciechowska
author	And Their Children After Them (ISBN 9780394577661), written by Dale Maharidge and Michael Williamson and published by Pantheon Books in 1989, won the 1990 Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction.	And Their Children After Them	Dale Maharidge	Michael Williamson
author	Herr Lehmann is a German novel by Sven Regener, published in 2001, adapted for the screen in 2003.	Herr Lehmann	Sven Regener
author	I, Mona Lisa (UK title Painting Mona Lisa) is a historical novel by Jeanne Kalogridis about Lisa Gherardini, the model for Leonardo da Vinci's painting Mona Lisa.	I, Mona Lisa	Jeanne Kalogridis
author	Star Rangers was a four-issue American science-fiction comic-book series created by writer Mark Ellis and artist Jim Mooney, following the adventures of a military spaceship crew in a 25th-century controlled by corporations.	Star Rangers	Mark Ellis
author	Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management, also published as Mrs Beeton's Cookery Book is a guide to all aspects of running a household in Victorian Britain, edited by Isabella Beeton.	Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management	Isabella Beeton
author	Dead Fingers Talk, first published in 1963, was the fifth novel published by Beat Generation author William S. Burroughs.	Dead Fingers Talk	William S. Burroughs
author	``Moving Spirit'' is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke, first published in 1957.	Moving Spirit	Arthur C. Clarke
author	Freddy Goes to Florida (1927) (formerly published as To and Again), is the first of the Freddy the Pig books written by Walter R. Brooks.	Freddy Goes to Florida	Walter R. Brooks
author	The Loss of El Dorado, by the Nobel Prize winner V. S. Naipaul, is a history book about Venezuela and Trinidad.	The Loss of El Dorado	V. S. Naipaul
author	Odayil Ninnu (From the Gutter) is a Malayalam novel written by P. Kesavadev in 1942.	Odayil Ninnu	P. Kesavadev
author	On the Jewish Question is a work by Karl Marx, written in 1843, and first published in Paris in 1844 under the German title Zur Judenfrage in the Deutsch--	On the Jewish Question	Karl Marx
author	The Language Instinct is a 1994 book by Steven Pinker, written for a general audience.	The Language Instinct	Steven Pinker
author	On the Jellicoe Road is a young adult novel by Australian novelist Melina Marchetta.	On the Jellicoe Road	Melina Marchetta
author	The Concordant Version is an English translation of the Bible compiled by the Concordant Publishing Concern (CPC), which was founded by Adolph Ernst Knoch in 1909.	Concordant Version	Adolph Ernst Knoch
author	A Language Older Than Words is a non-fiction book by Derrick Jensen, first published in 2000.	A Language Older Than Words	Derrick Jensen
author	The Warden of the Tomb (Der Gruftwächter) is an expressionist play by Franz Kafka.	The Warden of the Tomb	Franz Kafka
author	The Shadow in the North (1986) is a book by the English author Philip Pullman.	The Shadow in the North	Philip Pullman
author	Nobody's Girl (French: En Famille, lit. Amongst Family, 1893) is a novel by Hector Malot.	Nobody's Girl	Hector Malot
author	The American Senator is a novel written in 1875 by Anthony Trollope.	The American Senator	Anthony Trollope
author	Figures in a Landscape was Barry England's first novel.	Figures in a Landscape	Barry England
author	Under the Blood Red Sun is a historical novel by Graham Salisbury, published in 1995.	Under the Blood Red Sun	Graham Salisbury
author	Omeros is an epic poem by Caribbean writer Derek Walcott, first published in 1990.	Omeros	Derek Walcott
author	The Stone Raft (Portuguese: A Jangada de Pedra) is a novel by Nobel Prize in Literature-winning Portuguese writer José Saramago.	The Stone Raft	José Saramago
author	Mexico Set is a 1984 spy novel by Len Deighton.	Mexico Set	Len Deighton
author	The Chromium Fence is a 1955 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in Imagination magazine.	The Chromium Fence	Philip K. Dick
author	Croatian God Mars (Croatian: Hrvatski bog Mars), is a collection of short stories, mostly anti-war and social topics by Miroslav Krleža, considered by many as the greatest Croatian writer of the 20th century.	Croatian God Mars	Miroslav Krleža
author	Wives and Daughters is a novel by Elizabeth Gaskell, first published in the Cornhill Magazine as a serial from August 1864 to January 1866.	Wives and Daughters	Elizabeth Gaskell
author	Colonialism and Neocolonialism by Jean-Paul Sartre (first published in French in 1964) is a controversial and influential critique of French policies in Algeria.	Colonialism and Neocolonialism	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	Spring and All is a volume of poems by William Carlos Williams, first published in 1923 by Robert McAlmon's Contact Publishing Co.	Spring and All	William Carlos Williams
author	Manolito Gafotas is a group of children's novels by the Spanish writer Elvira Lindo.	Manolito Gafotas	Elvira Lindo
author	El espíritu de la música (Spanish: The spirit of music) is an 1832 Argentine book by Juan Bautista Alberdi.	El espíritu de la música	Juan Bautista Alberdi
author	The Shape of Water (La forma dell’acqua) is a 1994 novel by Andrea Camilleri, translated into English in 2002 by Stephen Sartarelli.	The Shape of Water	Andrea Camilleri
author	Moab Is My Washpot (published 1997) is Stephen Fry's autobiography, covering the first 20 years of his life.	Moab Is My Washpot	Stephen Fry
author	``The Swineherd'' (Danish: Svinedrengen) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a prince who disguises himself as a swineherd to woo an arrogant princess.	The Swineherd	Hans Christian Andersen
author	Flora Svecica (``Flora of Sweden'', ed. 1, Stockholm, 1745; ed. 2 Stockholm, 1755) was written by Swedish botanist, physician, zoologist and naturalist Carl Linnaeus (1707--1778).	Flora Svecica	Carl Linnaeus
author	The Legend of Deathwalker is a heroic fantasy novel written by British author David Gemmell, it was first published in 1996 and was reprinted in 1999.	The Legend of Deathwalker	David Gemmell
author	The Ringworld series (1970--2012), by science fiction author Larry Niven, is a part of his Known Space set of stories.	Ringworld series	Larry Niven
author	The Waltz of the Toreadors (La Valse des toréadors) is a 1951 play by Jean Anouilh.	The Waltz of the Toreadors	Jean Anouilh
author	Null-A Three, usually written Ā Three, is a 1985 science fiction novel by A. E. van Vogt.	Null-A Three	A. E. van Vogt
author	L'Abbé C (1950) was Georges Bataille's first published novella.	L'Abbé C	Georges Bataille
author	Seven Pillars of Wisdom is the autobiographical account of the experiences of British soldier T. E. Lawrence (``Lawrence of Arabia''), while serving as a liaison officer with rebel forces during the Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Turks of 1916 to 1918.	Seven Pillars of Wisdom	T. E. Lawrence
author	A Mysterious Affair of Style is a whodunit by Gilbert Adair first published in 2007.	A Mysterious Affair of Style	Gilbert Adair
author	The Third Epistle to the Corinthians is a pseudepigraphical text under the name of Paul the Apostle.	Third Epistle to the Corinthians	Paul
author	The Green Futures of Tycho is a 1981 science fiction novel for young audiences by William Sleator.	The Green Futures of Tycho	William Sleator
author	Sagesse (literal trans. ``Wisdom'') is a volume of French poetry by Paul Verlaine.	Sagesse	Paul Verlaine
author	Little Women is a novel by American author Louisa May Alcott (1832--1888), which was originally published in two volumes in 1868 and 1869.	Little Women	Louisa May Alcott
author	Men Should Weep (originally called Quancos Should Dance) is a play by Ena Lamont Stewart, written in 1956.	Men Should Weep	Ena Lamont Stewart
author	Blackwood Farm (2002) is one of the more recent books in The Vampire Chronicles and The Mayfair Witches series, written by Anne Rice.	Blackwood Farm	Anne Rice
author	The Quiet Earth is a 1981 science fiction novel (ISBN 0-340-26507-8) by New Zealand writer Craig Harrison.	The Quiet Earth	Craig Harrison
author	Doorways in the Sand is a Nebula- and Hugo-nominated science fiction novel with detective fiction and comic elements by Roger Zelazny.	Doorways in the Sand	Roger Zelazny
author	Time of our Darkness is a novel by South African author Stephen Gray.	Time of our Darkness	Stephen Gray
author	A Million Open Doors (1992) is a science fiction novel, the first book of the Thousand Cultures series, by John Barnes.	A Million Open Doors	John Barnes
author	The Mysterious Affair at Styles is a detective novel by Agatha Christie.	The Mysterious Affair at Styles	Agatha Christie
author	Pop Ćira i pop Spira (Serbian Cyrillic: Поп Ћира и поп Спира; ``priest Ćira and priest Spiro'') is a 1894 novel by Stevan Sremac.	Pop Ćira i pop Spira	Stevan Sremac
author	Kleinzeit is a metaphysical novel by Russell Hoban.	Kleinzeit	Russell Hoban
author	The Operated Jew (German: Der operirte Jud'') is a satirical antisemitic book published by the German physician Oskar Panizza in 1893.	The Operated Jew	Oskar Panizza
author	Popol Vuh's fortuitous survival is attributable to the Spanish 18th century Dominican friar Francisco Ximénez.	Popol Vuh	Francisco Ximénez
author	Published in 1983, Modern Baptists is the universally praised debut novel by American author James Wilcox, and his best known work.	Modern Baptists	James Wilcox
author	La France juive (``Jewish France''), subtitled Essay on Contemporary History, was an antisemitic tract published by Édouard Drumont in 1886.	La France juive	Édouard Drumont
author	In Defense of Anarchism is a 1970 book by Robert Paul Wolff, regarded as a classical work in anarchist scholarship.	In Defense of Anarchism	Robert Paul Wolff
author	Life and Fate (Russian: Жизнь и судьба) is a 1959 novel by Vasily Grossman and the author's magnum opus.	Life and Fate	Vasily Grossman
author	Spring Fire, is a 1952 paperback novel written by Marijane Meaker, under the pseudonym ``Vin Packer''.	Spring Fire	Marijane Meaker
author	A Good Man Is Hard to Find and Other Stories (published in England as The Artificial books and Other Tales) is a collection of short stories by American author Flannery O'Connor.	A Good Man Is Hard to Find	Flannery O'Connor
author	``Fragments of Olympian Gossip'' is a poem that Nikola Tesla composed in the late 1920s for his friend, George Sylvester Viereck, an illustrious German poet and mystic.	Fragments of Olympian Gossip	Nikola Tesla
author	The Orenda is a historical novel by Canadian author Joseph Boyden.	The Orenda	Joseph Boyden
author	The Tables Turned is a poem written by William Wordsworth in 1798 and published in his Lyrical Ballads.	The Tables Turned	William Wordsworth
author	On the Halonnesus (Ancient Greek: Περὶ τῆς Ἀλοννήσου) is a political oration attributed to the prominent Athenian statesman and orator Demosthenes.	On the Halonnesus	Demosthenes
author	In Dubious Battle is a novel by John Steinbeck, written in 1936.	In Dubious Battle	John Steinbeck
author	A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In is a novel by English author Magnus Mills published in 2011 by Bloomsbury.	A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In	Magnus Mills
author	The Dionysiaca (Greek: Διονυσιακά) is an ancient epic poem and the principal work of Nonnus.	Dionysiaca	Nonnus
author	On the Concept of Irony with Continual Reference to Socrates (Danish: Om Begrebet Ironi med stadigt Hensyn til Socrates) is Søren Kierkegaard's university thesis paper that he submitted in 1841.	On the Concept of Irony with Continual Reference to Socrates	Søren Kierkegaard
author	The Last of the Masters (also known as Protection Agency) is a science fiction novelette by Philip K. Dick.	The Last of the Masters	Philip K. Dick
author	The God of Small Things (1997) is the debut novel of Indian writer Arundhati Roy.	The God of Small Things	Arundhati Roy
author	Who Goes There? is a science fiction novella by John W. Campbell, Jr., written under the pen name Don A. Stuart.	Who Goes There?	John W. Campbell
author	Web of Angels is a novel by John M. Ford written in 1980 that investigates the life of a hacker of the Web, an instantaneous communications network that allows some users to retrieve and store data, write programs, and even travel between different human worlds.	Web of Angels	John M. Ford
author	Truth and Bright Water is a coming-of-age novel by Thomas King set in the Canadian Prairies on the U.S./Canadian border.	Truth and Bright Water	Thomas King
author	Generations of Winter (in Russian, Московская сага - Moskovskaya Saga) is a novel by Russian writer Vasily Aksyonov.	Generations of Winter	Vasily Aksyonov
author	What a Week to Get Real is the eighth part of What a Week series by Rosie Rushton.	What a Week to Get Real	Rosie Rushton
author	Leaven of Malice, published in 1954, is the second novel in The Salterton Trilogy by Canadian novelist Robertson Davies.	Leaven of Malice	Robertson Davies
author	Before I Fall is a 2010 young adult novel written by Lauren Oliver.	Before I Fall	Lauren Oliver
author	Vacuum Diagrams is a collection of science fiction short stories written by Stephen Baxter.	Vacuum Diagrams	Stephen Baxter
author	The Consolations of Philosophy (ISBN 0-140-27661-0) is a nonfiction book by Alain de Botton.	The Consolations of Philosophy	Alain de Botton
author	The King in Yellow is a book of short stories by American writer Robert W. Chambers, first published by F. Tennyson Neely in 1895.	The King in Yellow	Robert W. Chambers
author	Piper in the Woods is a science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick, first published in 1953 in Imagination, and later in The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick.	Piper in the Woods	Philip K. Dick
author	The Matlock Paper is the third suspense novel by Robert Ludlum, in which a solitary protagonist comes face to face with a massive criminal conspiracy.	The Matlock Paper	Robert Ludlum
author	Conan of Cimmeria is a collection of eight fantasy short stories written by Robert E. Howard, L. Sprague de Camp and Lin Carter featuring Howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian.	Conan of Cimmeria	Robert E. Howard	Lin Carter
author	The Night Tourist is a children's fantasy novel by Katherine Marsh, first published in 2008.	The Night Tourist	Katherine Marsh
author	The Arm of the Starfish is a young adult novel by Madeleine L'Engle, first published in 1965.	The Arm of the Starfish	Madeleine L'Engle
author	The History and Present State of Electricity (1767), by eighteenth-century British polymath Joseph Priestley, is a survey of the study of electricity up until 1766 as well as a description of experiments by Priestley himself.	The History and Present State of Electricity	Joseph Priestley
author	The General's Wife is a horror short story by Peter Straub.	The General's Wife	Peter Straub
author	Megumi-Toons is the popular English title for an autobiographical manga series written by voice actress Megumi Hayashibara.	Megumi-Toons	Megumi Hayashibara
author	The Bone Palace by Amanda Downum is a 2010 American fantasy novel centered on the fictional city of death, Erisin.	The Bone Palace	Amanda Downum
author	A Death in White Bear Lake is a true crime book by journalist Barry Siegel, published in 1990.	A Death in White Bear Lake	Barry Siegel
author	Vicky Angel is a children's book by Jacqueline Wilson, about a young girl's struggle with her grief over losing her best friend, Vicky.	Vicky Angel	Jacqueline Wilson
author	The Mystery of the Vanishing Treasure is an American juvenile detective novel written by Robert Arthur, Jr. It is the 5th book in the ``Three Investigators'' series.	The Mystery of the Vanishing Treasure	Robert Arthur
author	Blood of Elves (Polish: Krew elfów) is the first novel in the Witcher Saga written by Polish fantasy writer Andrzej Sapkowski, first published in Poland in 1994 (English translation was published in late 2008).	Blood of Elves	Andrzej Sapkowski
author	Finding Fish is a 2001 autobiographical book by Antwone Fisher.	Finding Fish	Antwone Fisher
author	The Rasp is a whodunit mystery novel by Philip MacDonald.	The Rasp	Philip MacDonald
author	Harriet Said... was the first novel written by Beryl Bainbridge, based on newspaper reports the Parker--	Harriet Said...	Beryl Bainbridge
author	Time and the River is the fourth released novel by author Zee Edgell, appearing in March 2007.	Time and the River	Zee Edgell
author	Nonna Abelarda (literally Grandma Abelarda) is a comic fictional character created by Giovan Battista Carpi.	Nonna Abelarda	Giovan Battista Carpi
author	Crowds and Power (German: Masse und Macht) is a 1960 book by Elias Canetti, dealing with the dynamics of crowds and ``packs'' and the question of how and why crowds obey power of rulers.	Crowds and Power	Elias Canetti
author	Alfarrábios is a historical novel by the Brazilian writer José de Alencar, first published in 1873.	Alfarrábios	José de Alencar
author	No Telephone to Heaven, the sequel to Abeng, is the second novel published by Jamaican-American author Michelle Cliff.	No Telephone to Heaven	Michelle Cliff
author	World and Town is a novel by Gish Jen that follows a Chinese American widow and her friendship with a family of Cambodian immigrants.	World and Town	Gish Jen
author	Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is a partly autobiographical book written by John Perkins published in 2004.	Confessions of an Economic Hit Man	John Perkins
author	The Story of Modern Science is a ten-volume book series by Henry Smith Williams, published by Funk and Wagnalls Co. The books, published in 1923, explained in detail the current technology and scientific methods of the Modern Era.	The Story of Modern Science	Henry Smith Williams
author	Ossian's Ride is a science fiction novel written by astrophysicist Sir Fred Hoyle in 1959.	Ossian's Ride	Fred Hoyle
author	The Wool-Pack is a children's historical novel written and illustrated by Cynthia Harnett, published by Methuen in 1951.	The Wool-Pack	Cynthia Harnett
author	Z. Marcas is a novelette by French author Honoré de Balzac first published in 1840.	Z. Marcas	Honoré de Balzac
author	Dian jang Ta' Koendjoeng Padam (Perfected spelling: Dian yang Tak Kunjung Padam, both of which mean The Undying Torch) is a 1932 novel by Sutan Takdir Alisjahbana.	Dian yang Tak Kunjung Padam	Sutan Takdir Alisjahbana
author	I Who Have Never Known Men, originally published in French as Moi qui n'ai pas connu les hommes, is a 1995 science fiction novel by Belgian author Jacqueline Harpman.	I Who Have Never Known Men	Jacqueline Harpman
author	The Pure Weight of the Heart is Antonella Gambotto-Burke's first novel and third book.	The Pure Weight of the Heart	Antonella Gambotto-Burke
author	Paradise Regained is a poem by English poet John Milton, first published in 1671 by John Macock.	Paradise Regained	John Milton
author	Brødre i blodet is a Norwegian novel by Ingvar Ambjørnsen, published in 1996.	Brødre i blodet	Ingvar Ambjørnsen
author	Troubled Sleep (French: La mort dans l'âme) is a 1949 novel by Jean-Paul Sartre.	Troubled Sleep	Jean-Paul Sartre
author	Amaryllis Night and Day is a 2001 novel by Russell Hoban, incorporating elements of magic realism and romance.	Amaryllis Night and Day	Russell Hoban
author	Me'am Lo'ez (Hebrew: מעם לועז‎), initiated by Rabbi Yaakov Culi in 1730, is a widely studied commentary on the Tanakh written in Ladino - it is perhaps the best known publication in that language.	Me'am Lo'ez	Yaakov Culi
author	To Hell You Ride is a 5 issues comic-book series written by Lance Henriksen (Millennium (TV series), Aliens (franchise), Near Dark) and Joseph Maddrey (Nightmares in Red, White and Blue), with art by Tom Mandrake, published by Dark Horse Comics, 2012-2013.	To Hell You Ride	Lance Henriksen
author	Black Juice is the first collection of short stories by Margo Lanagan.	Black Juice	Margo Lanagan
author	The Angriest Dog in the World is a comic strip created by film director David Lynch.	The Angriest Dog in the World	David Lynch
author	Miracle in Seville (1995) is a novel by James A. Michener, the last to be released during his lifetime.	Miracle in Seville	James A. Michener
author	The Knight of the Sacred Lake is a 2001 historical fantasy novel by Rosalind Miles.	The Knight of the Sacred Lake	Rosalind Miles
author	Rhode Island on Lovecraft is a 26-page collection of memoirs about H. P. Lovecraft and is edited by Donald M. Grant and Thomas G. Hadley.	Rhode Island on Lovecraft	Donald M. Grant
author	The China Study is a book by T. Colin Campbell, Jacob Gould Schurman Professor Emeritus of Nutritional Biochemistry at Cornell University, and his son Thomas M. Campbell II, a physician.	The China Study	T. Colin Campbell
author	The Invention of Love is a 1997 play by Tom Stoppard portraying the life of poet A. E. Housman, focusing specifically on his personal life and love for a college classmate.	The Invention of Love	Tom Stoppard
author	Caucasian days (French: Jours caucasiens) is a novel by the French writer of Azeri origin Banine, published in Paris, in 1945.	Caucasian days	Banine
author	The Trial of Henry Kissinger (2001) is Christopher Hitchens' examination of alleged war crimes of Henry Kissinger, the National Security Advisor and later United States Secretary of State for Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford.	The Trial of Henry Kissinger	Christopher Hitchens
author	The Discovery of the Future is a 1902 philosophical lecture by H. G. Wells that argues for the knowability of the future.	The Discovery of the Future	H. G. Wells
author	Neat Stuff is an American alternative comic book series created by Peter Bagge and published by Fantagraphics.	Neat Stuff	Peter Bagge
author	An Infinity of Mirrors, first published by Random House in 1964, was the fifth and most ambitious book by the American satirist and political novelist Richard Condon.	An Infinity of Mirrors	Richard Condon
author	``Watch Out for This (Bumaye)'' is an international 2013 hit single from Major Lazer, a musical project by DJ and music producer Diplo, taken from his album Free the Universe.	Watch Out for This (Bumaye)	Diplo
author	Calligrammes, subtitled Poems of Peace and War 1913-1916, is a collection of poems by Guillaume Apollinaire which was first published in 1918 (see 1918 in poetry).	Calligrammes	Guillaume Apollinaire
author	The Falcon's Malteser is a comic mystery by Anthony Horowitz.	The Falcon's Malteser	Anthony Horowitz
author	Hitchcock/Truffaut is a 1966 book by François Truffaut about Alfred Hitchcock, originally released in French as Le Cinéma selon Alfred Hitchcock.	Hitchcock/Truffaut	François Truffaut
author	The Flying Saucers Are Real by Donald Keyhoe, was a ground-breaking book that investigated numerous encounters between USAF fighters, personnel, and other aircraft, and UFOs between 1947 and 1950.	The Flying Saucers Are Real	Donald Keyhoe
author	Not Wanted on the Voyage is a novel by Canadian author Timothy Findley, which presents a magic realist post-modern re-telling of the Great Flood in the biblical Book of Genesis.	Not Wanted on the Voyage	Timothy Findley
author	The Two Captains (Russian: Два Капитана) is a novel written by Soviet author Veniamin Kaverin between 1938 and 1944.	The Two Captains	Veniamin Kaverin
author	The Kill List is a novel by Frederick Forsyth published in 2013 by Random House.	The Kill List	Frederick Forsyth
author	L'Enchanteur (``the wizard'') is a 1984 novel by the French writer René Barjavel.	L'Enchanteur	René Barjavel
author	``The Quest for Kalevala'' is an Uncle Scrooge comic book story written and drawn by Keno Don Rosa in 1999.	The Quest for Kalevala	Don Rosa
author	The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life is a seminal sociology book by Erving Goffman.	The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life	Erving Goffman
author	A Shade of Difference (ISBN 0-385-02389-8) is a 1962 political novel written by Allen Drury.	A Shade of Difference	Allen Drury
author	The Last Disaster is a juvenile science fiction novel, the eighteenth in Hugh Walters' Chris Godfrey of U.N.E.X.A. series.	The Last Disaster	Hugh Walters
author	Sonnet 138 is one of the most famous of William Shakespeare's sonnets.	Sonnet 138	William Shakespeare
author	The Widow's Broom is a 1992 children's novel by the American author Chris Van Allsburg.	The Widow's Broom	Chris Van Allsburg
author	Women of Sand and Myrrh is a novel written by Hanan al-Shaykh.	Women of Sand and Myrrh	Hanan al-Shaykh
author	Thinks ... is a 2001 novel by British author David Lodge.	Thinks ...	David Lodge
author	The God Box (2007), a novel by Alex Sánchez, focuses on the conflict and friendship between two Christian teenage boys, one openly gay and the other struggling to accept his sexuality.	The God Box	Alex Sánchez
author	The Unix Programming Environment, first published in 1984 by Prentice Hall, is a book written by Brian W. Kernighan and Rob Pike, both of Bell Labs and considered an important and early document of the Unix operating system.	The Unix Programming Environment	Rob Pike
author	Asterix and the Class Act (French: Astérix et la rentrée gauloise) is officially the thirty-second album of the Asterix comic book series, by René Goscinny (stories) and Albert Uderzo (illustrations and some stories), published in 2003.	Asterix and the Class Act	René Goscinny
author	Published in 1974, Western Attitudes Toward Death from the Middle Ages to the Present was French historian Philippe Ariès'' first major publication on the subject of death.	Western Attitudes Toward Death from the Middle Ages to the Present	Philippe Ariès
author	Gurusagaram (Eternity of Grace) is a 1987 novel written by O. V. Vijayan.	Gurusagaram	O. V. Vijayan
author	Just an Old Sweet Song is a 1976 novel by Melvin Van Peebles, which was later adapted for TV as a special which starred Robert Hooks and Cicely Tyson.	Just an Old Sweet Song	Melvin Van Peebles
author	Deadenders is an science fiction comic book series written by Ed Brubaker and published by DC Comics.	Deadenders	Ed Brubaker
author	The Writing on the Hearth is a children's historical novel by Cynthia Harnett and illustrated by Gareth Floyd.	The Writing on the Hearth	Cynthia Harnett
author	Baudolino is a 2000 novel by Umberto Eco about the adventures of a young man named Baudolino in the known and mythical Christian world of the 12th century.	Baudolino	Umberto Eco
author	Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe is a 2012 book written by Frederik L. Schodt, author of Dreamland Japan and Manga!	Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe	Frederik L. Schodt
author	Men in the Sun (Arabic: رجال في الشمس Rijāl fī ash-Shams) is a novel by Palestinian writer and political activist Ghassan Kanafani (1936--72), originally published in 1962.	Men in the Sun	Ghassan Kanafani
author	Ninja High School (also known as NHS) is a comic book series created, written, and illustrated by Ben Dunn, and currently published by Antarctic Press.	Ninja High School	Ben Dunn
author	Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now! is a 1972 children's book by Dr. Seuss.	Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!	Dr. Seuss
author	Trouble with Lichen (published 1960) is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham.	Trouble with Lichen	John Wyndham
author	Under the Volcano is a novel by English writer Malcolm Lowry (1909--1957) published in 1947.	Under the Volcano	Malcolm Lowry
author	Emperors of the Twilight (1994) is a biopunk science fiction novel, the second book in the Moreau series by S. Andrew Swann (aka Steven Swiniarski), published by DAW Books.	Emperors of the Twilight	S. Andrew Swann
author	The Ruby in the Smoke (1985) is a novel by the English author Philip Pullman.	The Ruby in the Smoke	Philip Pullman
author	The Avion My Uncle Flew is a children's novel by Cyrus Fisher, a pseudonym of Darwin Teilhet.	The Avion My Uncle Flew	Darwin Teilhet
author	A Girl and Five Brave Horses is a memoir by Sonora Webster Carver published in 1961.	A Girl and Five Brave Horses	Sonora Webster Carver
author	Timelike Infinity is a 1992 science fiction book by Stephen Baxter.	Timelike Infinity	Stephen Baxter
author	``Jerusalem's Lot'' is a short story by Stephen King, first published in King's 1978 collection Night Shift.	Jerusalem's Lot	Stephen King
author	Lost Legacy (1941) is a novella by science fiction writer Robert A. Heinlein.	Lost Legacy	Robert A. Heinlein
author	Rumpole and the Age of Miracles is a 1988 collection of short stories by John Mortimer about defence barrister Horace Rumpole.	Rumpole and the Age of Miracles	John Mortimer
award received	John Lonergan (April 7, 1839--August 6, 1902) was a captain in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the Battle of Gettysburg during the American Civil War.	John Lonergan	Medal of Honor
award received	In an Indian summer to his career, some 20 years after touring England as a schoolboy cricketer, he was named Wisden Cricketer of the Year in 1985 and the Larry Gomes Stadium in Malabar, Arima, is named after him.	Larry Gomes	Wisden Cricketer of the Year
award received	Gerhard Grebarsche (15 February 1913 -- 11 January 1992) was a Hauptscharführer in the Waffen SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross on the 24 January 1944 while a platoon commander in the 3rd Company, 2nd SS Panzer Grenadier Regiment, 1st SS Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler.	Gerhard Grebarsche	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Gold Medal and Corot Prize, Salon President of the Salon President of the Society of French Landscape Artists Knight of the Order of the Legion of Honour President of the Jury of the Salon Raymond Wintz died in 1956 and is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery, Paris.	Raymond Wintz	Legion of Honour
award received	María Carolina Luján (born May 13, 1985 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine chess player holding the FIDE titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster.	Carolina Luján	International Master	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Karl Kloskowski (9 February 1917 -- 23 April 1945) was a Hauptsturmführer (Captain) in the Waffen-SS who was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (German: Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub).	Karl Kloskowski	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves
award received	Carl Gustaf Verner von Heidenstam (6 July 1859 -- 20 May 1940) was a Swedish poet, novelist and laureate of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1916.	Verner von Heidenstam	Nobel Prize in Literature
award received	Surgeon General James Mouat VC KCB (14 April 1815 -- 4 January 1899) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	James Mouat	Victoria Cross
award received	Charles Édouard Guillaume (15 February 1861, Fleurier, Switzerland -- 13 May 1938, Sèvres, France) was a Swiss physicist who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1920 in recognition of the service he had rendered to precision measurements in physics by his discovery of anomalies in nickel steel alloys.	Charles Édouard Guillaume	Nobel Prize in Physics
award received	Tamara Nosova (Russian: Тамара Макаровна Носова; 21 November 1927 -- 25 March 2007) was a Soviet and Russian actress, who was awarded the title of People's Artist of Russia in 1992.	Tamara Nosova	People's Artist of Russia
award received	In 1973, Jean Mandel received the Bavarian Order of Merit.	Jean Mandel	Bavarian Order of Merit
award received	In 2002, Gwen Hennessey, along with her sister Dorothy Hennessey, was awarded the Pacem in Terris Award.	Gwen Hennessey	Pacem in Terris Award
award received	Laura Rogule (born 5 February 1988, in Riga) is a Latvian chess player who holds the title of Woman Grandmaster.	Laura Rogule	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Lotte Ulbricht was much decorated by the state and party leadership of East Germany, including in 1959, 1963 and 1978 the Fatherland Order of Merit, and in 1969 and 1983 the Order of Karl Marx and 1988 the Grand Star of Friendship of Nations.	Lotte Ulbricht	Order of Karl Marx
award received	Carlos Garcia Palermo (born 2 December 1953, La Plata) is an Argentine-Italian chess Grandmaster.	Carlos Garcia Palermo	Grandmaster
award received	Erwin Böhme (29 July 1879 -- 29 November 1917), Pour le Mérite, was a German pilot during World War I. He was born in Holzminden, grew into an athletic sportsman and became a flying ace during the war, credited with 24 victories.	Erwin Böhme	Pour le Mérite
award received	Mirjana Marić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирјана Марић ; born January 10, 1970 in New York, USA) is a Serbian chess player, who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM), living in Belgrade, capital of Serbia (former Yugoslavia).	Mirjana Marić	Woman Grandmaster
award received	Brigadier General Clement Leslie Smith VC MC (17 January 1878 -- 14 December 1927) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces.	Clement Leslie Smith	Victoria Cross
award received	Avetik Grigoryan (Armenian: Ավետիք Գրիգորյան, born January 27, 1989) is an Armenian chess Grandmaster (2008).	Avetik Grigoryan	Grandmaster
award received	Carol Emshwiller (born April 12, 1921) is an American writer of avant garde short stories and science fiction who has won prizes ranging from the Nebula Award to the Philip K. Dick Award.	Carol Emshwiller	Nebula Award
award received	Massoud Hossaini (born December 10, 1981) is a photojournalist for Agence France-Presse and winner of the 2012 Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography.	Massoud Hossaini	Pulitzer Prize for Breaking News Photography
award received	Banarsidas Chaturvedi (1892-1985) was a noted Hindi-language writer, journalist and recipient of Padma Bhushan given by Government of India in 1973.	Banarsidas Chaturvedi	Padma Bhushan
award received	Marianna Laba (Ukrainian: Маріанна Лаба), born 7 September 1968) is a Ukrainian singer (soprano), Merited Artist of Ukraine, soloist of Lviv State Philharmonic and The Lviv House of Chamber and Organ music.	Marianna Laba	Merited Artist of Ukraine
award received	KH Fakhruddin is regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia.	KH Fakhruddin	National Hero of Indonesia
award received	William Stone Hubbell (April 19, 1837 -- August 28, 1930) was a United States Army captain during the American Civil War, and a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	William Stone Hubbell	Medal of Honor
award received	Dominique Pire (full name: Georges Charles Clement Ghislain Pire; February 10, 1910 -- January 30, 1969) was a Belgian Dominican friar whose work helping refugees in post-World War II Europe saw him receive the Nobel Peace Prize in 1958.	Dominique Pire	Nobel Peace Prize
award received	Natalia Edzgveradze (born 23 July 1975) is a Georgian chess Woman Grandmaster and FIDE Trainer (2005), currently working in Singapore as a trainer of Intchess Asia Pte Ltd.	Natalia Edzgveradze	Woman Grandmaster
award received	János Flesch (30 September 1933 -- 9 December 1983) was a chess Grandmaster, chess writer and coach, born in Budapest, Hungary.	János Flesch	Grandmaster
award received	Captain Louis Fleeming Jenkin, Military Cross & Bar, (22 August 1895 -- 11 September 1917) was a First World War flying ace credited with 22 victories.	Louis Fleeming Jenkin	Military Cross
award received	In 1966 Yakov Zak was made People's Artist of the USSR.	Yakov Zak	People's Artist of the USSR
award received	Eleanor Worthington Cox (born 21 June 2001) is a British child actress from Merseyside most known for portraying Matilda Wormwood in Matilda the Musical for which she has won a Laurence Olivier Award for Best Actress along with Cleo Demetriou, Kerry Ingram, and Sophia Kiely.	Eleanor Worthington Cox	Laurence Olivier Award
award received	King was inducted into the National Women's Hall of Fame in 1990, and in 2006, the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City was renamed the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center.	Billie Jean King	National Women's Hall of Fame
award received	Friedrich-Wilhelm Maes (25 November 1913 -- 19 March 1945) was a highly decorated Kapitänleutnant in the Kriegsmarine during World War II. He was also a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Friedrich-Wilhelm Maes	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Sultan Pepper (April 22, 1962 -- October 20, 2009) was an American Emmy Award-winning comedy writer who worked on the Ben Stiller Show and Mad TV.	Sultan Pepper	Emmy Award
award received	Grenville Davey (born 28 April 1961) is an English sculptor and winner of the 1992 Turner Prize.	Grenville Davey	Turner Prize
award received	Alfred B. Nietzel (April 27, 1921 -- November 18, 1944) is a recipient of the Medal of Honor.	Alfred B. Nietzel	Medal of Honor
award received	Lionel Greenstreet (1889 - 1979) was the first officer of the Endurance and a member of the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition of 1914-1917, for which he was awarded the Polar Medal.	Lionel Greenstreet	Polar Medal
award received	Frank Lamprecht (born 21 June 1968) is a German chess International Master and chess trainer.	Frank Lamprecht	International Master
award received	Flying Officer John Robert Baldwin (122337) Royal Air Force Volunteer Reserve, No. 609 Squadron is awarded a Distinguished Flying Cross:	John Robert Baldwin	Distinguished Flying Cross
award received	Francis Sejersted was Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav, of Denmark's Order of the Dannebrog and of Sweden's Order of the Polar Star.	Francis Sejersted	Order of St. Olav	Order of the Polar Star
award received	Charles W. Anderson (born George Pforr from March 15, 1844 -- February 25, 1916) was an American soldier who received the Medal of Honor for valor during the American Civil War.	Charles W. Anderson	Medal of Honor
award received	Michael A. Mulyar (born 1978), is an American chess International Master from Westminster, Colorado, and attended Yale University.	Michael A. Mulyar	International Master
award received	Anastasia Sorokina (Belarusian: Анастасія Сарокіна; born 26 January 1980 in Minsk, Belarus) is an Australian chess Woman International Master (WIM), International Arbiter and FIDE Trainer.	Anastasia Sorokina	Woman International Master
award received	Günter Braake (born 10 April 1921) was a German officer who served during World War II. He was Awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.	Günter Braake	Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross
award received	Boris Chukhnovsky was awarded the Order of the Red Banner, at the time the highest award of the Soviet Union, for his participation in the rescue efforts.	Boris Chukhnovsky	Order of the Red Banner
conflict	Nicolas Léonard Beker or Nicolas Léonard Becker or Nicolas Léonard Bagert, born 18 January 1770 -- died 18 November 1840, joined the French army as a dragoon before the French Revolutionary Wars and rose in rank to become a general officer.	Nicolas Léonard Beker	French Revolutionary Wars
constellation	XO-4 is a star located approximately 960 light-years away from Earth in the Lynx constellation.	XO-4	Lynx
constellation	I Zwicky 18 is a dwarf irregular galaxy located about 59 million light years away in the constellation Ursa Major.	I Zwicky 18	Ursa Major
constellation	HD 60863 is a blue subgiant star located 224 light years away, in the constellation Puppis.	HD 60863	Puppis
constellation	NGC 116 is a possibly lost or non-existent object in the constellation Cetus.	NGC 116	Cetus
constellation	HD 129685, also known by its Bayer designation c² Centauri (c² Cen), is a star in the constellation Centaurus.	HD 129685	Centaurus
constellation	84 Ceti is the Flamsteed designation for a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Cetus.	84 Ceti	Cetus
constellation	GJ 3379 (Giclas 99-49) is the nearest star in the Orion constellation, being around 17.5 lightyears away from the Sun. The main sequence star is a red dwarf with the spectral class M3.5V.	GJ 3379	Orion
constellation	Alpha Sextantis (α Sex, α Sextantis) is the brightest star in the constellation Sextans.	Alpha Sextantis	Sextans
constellation	66 Arietis (abbreviated 66 Ari) is a double star in the northern constellation of Aries.	66 Arietis	Aries
constellation	Phi Tauri (φ Tau, φ Tauri) is a binary star in the constellation Taurus.	Phi Tauri	Taurus
constellation	Henize 2-10 is a dwarf galaxy located 34 million light years away in the constellation of Pyxis.	Henize 2-10	Pyxis
constellation	Omega Piscium (Omega Psc, ω Piscium, ω Psc) is a star approximately 106 light years away from Earth, in the constellation Pisces.	Omega Piscium	Pisces
constellation	HD 10307 (HR 483 A) is a star similar to the Sun in mass, temperature and metal content, situated about 41 light-years from Earth in the constellation Andromeda.	HD 10307	Andromeda
constellation	9 Aquarii (abbreviated 9 Aqr) is a yellow giant with a spectral type G8III and an absolute magnitude of 7.38 in the constellation Aquarius.	9 Aquarii	Aquarius
constellation	Psi Ophiuchi (ψ Oph) is a star in the constellation Ophiuchus.	Psi Ophiuchi	Ophiuchus
constellation	Gliese 777 c, often catalogued as Gliese 777 Ac or simply HD 190360 c, is an extrasolar planet approximately 52 light-years away in the constellation of Cygnus.	Gliese 777 c	Cygnus
constellation	HD 16417 b (also called λ2 Fornacis b) is an extrasolar planet located approximately 84 light years away in the constellation of Fornax, orbiting the 6th magnitude G-type main sequence star HD 16417.	HD 16417 b	Fornax
constellation	21 Lyncis (21 Lyn) is a star in the constellation Lynx.	21 Lyncis	Lynx
constellation	APM 08279+5255 is a very distant, broad absorption line quasar located in the constellation Lynx.	APM 08279+5255	Lynx
constellation	52 Persei (52 Per) is a binary star in the constellation Perseus.	52 Persei	Perseus
constellation	2MASS 0939-2448 (full designation is 2MASS J09393548-2448279) is a probable system of two nearby T-type brown dwarfs, located in constellation Antlia at 17.4 light-years from Earth.	2MASS 0939-2448	Antlia
constellation	HD 188753 is a hierarchical triple star system approximately 151 light-years away in the constellation of Cygnus, the Swan.	HD 188753	Cygnus
constellation	NGC 4526 is a lenticular galaxy in the Virgo constellation that is seen nearly edge-on.	NGC 4526	Virgo
constellation	The Engraved Hourglass Nebula (also known as MyCn 18) is a young planetary nebula situated in the southern constellation Musca about 8,000 light-years away from Earth.	Engraved Hourglass Nebula	Musca
constellation	HD 122430 is an orange giant star about 440 light years away in the constellation of Hydra on the celestial sphere.	HD 122430	Hydra
constellation	HD 133002 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the northern constellation of Ursa Minor.	HD 133002	Ursa Minor
constellation	R Canum Venaticorum is a Mira variable star in the constellation Canes Venatici.	R Canum Venaticorum	Canes Venatici
constellation	47 Ursae Majoris c (abbreviated 47 Uma c), also named Taphao Kaew (Thai: ตะเภาแก้ว, rtgs: Taphaokaeo, pronounced (tā.pʰāw.kɛ̂ːw)), is an extrasolar planet approximately 46 light-years from Earth in the constellation of Ursa Major.	47 Ursae Majoris c	Ursa Major
constellation	NGC 6811 is an open cluster in the constellation of Cygnus, near the constellation of Lyra.	NGC 6811	Cygnus
constellation	Koposov I is a low-luminosity globular cluster in the constellation Virgo in the halo of the Milky Way galaxy.	Koposov I	Virgo
constellation	72 Pegasi (72 Peg) is a star in the constellation Pegasus.	72 Pegasi	Pegasus
constellation	WASP-5b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star WASP-5 located over 967 light-years away in the constellation Phoenix.	WASP-5b	Phoenix
constellation	Messier 48 (also known as M 48 or NGC 2548) is an open cluster in the Hydra constellation.	Messier 48	Hydra
constellation	Dwingeloo 1 is a barred spiral galaxy about 10 million light-years away from the Earth, in the constellation Cassiopeia.	Dwingeloo 1	Cassiopeia
constellation	The Snowflake Cluster is a cluster in Monoceros and is included in NGC 2264.	Snowflake Cluster	Monoceros
constellation	Iota Delphini (ι Del, ι Delphini) is a star in the constellation Delphinus.	Iota Delphini	Delphinus
constellation	Rho Gruis (ρ Gru) is a star in the constellation Grus.	Rho Gruis	Grus
constellation	Rho Geminorum (ρ Gem) is a star system that lies approximately 59 light-years away in the constellation of Gemini, about 5 arcminutes east of Castor.	Rho Geminorum	Gemini
constellation	3C 401 is a powerful radio galaxy located in the constellation Draco.	3C 401	Draco
constellation	HD 80230, also known as g Carinae (g Car), is a star in the constellation Carina.	HD 80230	Carina
constellation	Gliese 3021 b, also known as GJ 3021 b, is an extrasolar planet approximately 57 light-years away, orbiting its bright G-dwarf parent star in the Southern constellation of Hydrus.	Gliese 3021 b	Hydrus
constellation	T Centauri is a variable star located in the far southern constellation Centaurus.	T Centauri	Centaurus
constellation	HD 200661 is a K-type star in the constellation Equuleus.	HD 200661	Equuleus
constellation	6 Equulei is an A-type main sequence star in the constellation of Equuleus with an apparent magnitude of 6.07.	6 Equulei	Equuleus
constellation	Gliese 22, also catalogued V547 Cassiopeiae, is a hierarchical star system approximately 33 light-years away in the constellation of Cassiopeia.	Gliese 22	Cassiopeia
constellation	HD 53143 is a star in the Carina constellation, located about 59.8 light-years (18.3 parsecs) from the Earth.	HD 53143	Carina
constellation	Rho Coronae Borealis (ρ CrB, ρ Coronae Borealis) is a Solar twin, yellow dwarf star approximately 57 light-years away in the constellation of Corona Borealis.	Rho Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	HD 5388 b (also known as HIP 4311 b) was thought to be an extrasolar planet orbiting the F-type main sequence star HD 5388, located approximately 175 light years away in the constellation Phoenix.	HD 5388 b	Phoenix
constellation	HD 75063 (a Vel, a Velorum) is a star in the constellation Vela.	HD 75063	Vela
constellation	HD 183263 is an 8th magnitude subgiant star located approximately 172 light-years away in the constellation Aquila.	HD 183263	Aquila
constellation	Iota Coronae Borealis (ι CrB) is a star in the constellation Corona Borealis.	Iota Coronae Borealis	Corona Borealis
constellation	41 Cygni (41 Cyg) is a star in the constellation Cygnus.	41 Cygni	Cygnus
country of citizenship	Dr. Michael Jeyakumar Devaraj (born 28 March 1955) is a Malaysian politician who has served in the Parliament of Malaysia as Member of Parliament for the Sungai Siput constituency in Perak since 2008.	Michael Jeyakumar Devaraj	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Hassaan Egzaar Chenanizadeh (Arabic: حسان اگزار چنانی), an instrumentalist of ``Rababa'', who is known as ``HassaanEgzaar'', was a singer of ``AlwanieVokal style'' from south west Iran.	Hassaan Egzaar Chenani	Iran
country of citizenship	Andrea Neil (born October 26, 1971, in Vancouver, British Columbia) is a pioneer of women's soccer in Canada.	Andrea Neil	Canada
country of citizenship	Chan Sy left Cambodia in 1954 after the Geneva Conference that recognized Prince Norodom Sihanouk's government as the sole legitimate authority in independent Cambodia.	Chan Sy	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Wang Xugao (traditional Chinese: 王緒高; simplified Chinese: 王绪高; pinyin: Wáng Xùgāo; Wade-Giles: Wang Hsu-kao) (1890 - 1951) was a politician in the Republic of China.	Wang Xugao	China
country of citizenship	Ranavalona II (1829 -- 13 July 1883) was Queen of Madagascar from 1868 to 1883, succeeding Queen Rasoherina, her first cousin.	Ranavalona II	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Hitoki Iwase (岩瀬 仁紀, born November 10, 1974) is a Japanese professional baseball player from Nishio, Aichi, Japan.	Hitoki Iwase	Japan
country of citizenship	Daniel Kolak (born 1955 in Zagreb, Croatia) is a Croatian-American philosopher who works primarily in philosophy of mind, personal identity, cognitive science, philosophy of science, philosophy of mathematics, philosophy of logic, philosophy of religion, and aesthetics.	Daniel Kolak	Croatia
country of citizenship	Joaquín Navarro-Valls, M.D. (born November 16, 1936, Cartagena, Spain), was the Director of the Holy See Press Office (or Vatican Press Office), taking the post in 1984.	Joaquín Navarro-Valls	Spain
country of citizenship	Trần Lệ Xuân (22 August 1924 -- 24 April 2011), popularly known as Madame Nhu, was the de facto First Lady of South Vietnam from 1955 to 1963.	Madame Nhu	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Virgilio Trettenero (4 February 1822 -- 23 May 1863) was an Italian mathematician and astronomer born in Recoaro Terme, Province of Vicenza, Italy.	Virgilio Trettenero	Italy
country of citizenship	Mihai Tänzer (Hungarian: Táncos Mihály) (7 February 1905 -- 22 September 1993) was a Romanian footballer of Danube Swabian (German) ethnicity, he also had Hungarian citizenship when he played in Hungary.	Mihai Tänzer	Hungary
country of citizenship	Carlos Javier Netto (born July 24, 1970 in Lanús, Argentina) is a former footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile, Mexico, Ecuador and Venezuela.	Carlos Javier Netto	Argentina
country of citizenship	Liew Chin Tong (simplified Chinese: 刘镇东; traditional Chinese: 劉鎮東; pinyin: Liú Zhèn Dōng; born 27 November 1977) is a Malaysian politician and is currently the member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Kluang constituency in Johor.	Liew Chin Tong	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Daniel Fortea i Guimerà (Benlloch, Spain; 28 April 1878 -- Castellón, Spain; 5 March 1953) was a Spanish guitarist, composer, and music educator.	Daniel Fortea	Spain
country of citizenship	Fujiwara no Chōshi (1218--1275) was an Empress consort of Japan.	Fujiwara no Chōshi	Japan
country of citizenship	Jaime Enrique Aymara Reinoso (Quito, June 24, 1968) is a singer and actor Ecuador of tecnocumbia, tecnopaseíto Bachata, national music, hall, pump Bolero, guayno jukebox pop music merengue, pop-flamenco, cumbia pop ballad, gravy, vallenato reggaeton and waltz.	Jaime Enrique Aymara	Ecuador
country of citizenship	María del Carmen Díaz Mancilla (born July 15, 1970) is a retired long-distance runner from Mexico.	María del Carmen Díaz	Mexico
country of citizenship	John Hume, KCSG (born 18 January 1937) is an Irish former politician from Derry, Northern Ireland.	John Hume	Northern Ireland
country of citizenship	Joelle Franzmann (born December 29, 1978 in Idar-Oberstein, Rhineland-Palatinate) is an athlete from Germany, who competes in triathlon.	Joelle Franzmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Ibrahim Makhous (Arabic: ابراهيم ماخوس‎; 1925 -- 10 September 2013) was an Syria Regional Branch politician who sat on the Regional Command from 1966 to 1970.	Ibrahim Makhous	Syria
country of citizenship	Mario Schjetnan is a Mexican architect and landscape architect that manages to ``unite social concerns, aesthetics and, increasingly, ecology- all by way of interpreting and celebrating Mexico's rich and diverse culture.''	Mario Schjetnan	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jean Herly was born in Grosbliederstroff in France, the first of two children.	Jean Herly	France
country of citizenship	Sara El-Khouly (Arabic: سارة الخولي‎; born February 15, 1988 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian model and beauty queen.	Sara El-Khouly	Egypt
country of citizenship	Alessandra Ammara (Florence, Italy, 1972) is an Italian classical pianist and piano teacher.	Alessandra Ammara	Italy
country of citizenship	Cauã Reymond Marques (Portuguese pronunciation: (kawˈwɐ̃ ˈʁejmõw ˈmaʁkiʃ), born May 20, 1980, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil) is a Brazilian actor, best known for his television roles in Malhação and Cordel Encantado.	Cauã Reymond	Brazil
country of citizenship	Sakaida Kakiemon XIV (26 August 1934 -- 15 June 2013) was a Japanese potter, ceramicist and former Living National Treasure in Japan.	Sakaida Kakiemon XIV	Japan
country of citizenship	Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona (born 24 May 1946 in Fianarantsoa) is the Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Antananarivo in Antananarivo, Madagascar.	Odon Marie Arsène Razanakolona	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Haddad Alwi Assegaff (Arabic: حداد علوي السقاف‎ Ḥaddād Alawī al-saqqāf) (born March 13, 1966 in Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian nasheed singer.	Haddad Alwi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	John Turner Walton Newbold (8 May 1888--20 February 1943), known as Walton Newbold, was the first of the four Communist Party of Great Britain members to be elected as MPs in the United Kingdom.	Walton Newbold	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	CP Lim (Chiok-Ping Lim) is an academic born in Malaysia.	CP Lim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Luis Favre Argentine (born in Buenos Aires, Argentina 1949) is the pseudonym of Argentine-born Brazilian journalist and political activist Felipe Belisario Wermus.	Luis Favre	Argentina
country of citizenship	Basnayake Mudiyanselage Bandula Basnayake (born January 20, 1947) is a Sri Lankan politician, a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and a former government minister.	Bandula Basnayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Phillippe Aumont pitched for Team Canada in the 2009 WBC, appearing in the 7th inning against Team USA on March 7.	Phillippe Aumont	Canada
country of citizenship	Anand Jain was No. 19 on the Forbes India's 40 Richest list in 2007.	Anand Jain	India
country of citizenship	Iñigo Monreal Saénz (born 26 September 1974 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a retired track and field athlete from Spain, who represented his native country at two consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996.	Iñigo Monreal	Spain
country of citizenship	Benkovski Nunatak in Breznik Heights on Greenwich Island, South Shetland Islands, Antarctica is named for Georgi Benkovski, as are six villages in Bulgaria and a neighbourhood of Sofia (the former villages of Birimirtsi and Obradovtsi).	Georgi Benkovski	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Prof. Grzegorz Pojmański (born April 16, 1959, in Warsaw), Polish astronomer, worker of Warsaw University Astronomical Observatory, Poland.	Grzegorz Pojmański	Poland
country of citizenship	Anne Kukkohovi (née Laaksonen, 1970) is a retired Finnish model who has worked both in and outside Finland from 1990 to 1998.	Anne Kukkohovi	Finland
country of citizenship	Field Marshal Musa Mwariama (1928--1989) was a leader of the Mau Mau in Meru and the highest-ranking Mau Mau who survived the war in the forests and jungles of Central Kenya from its inception to independence without being killed or captured.	Musa Mwariama	Kenya
country of citizenship	Cecilia Muñoz-Palma (November 22, 1913 -- January 2, 2006) was a Filipino jurist and the first woman appointed to the Supreme Court of the Philippines.	Cecilia Muñoz-Palma	Philippines
country of citizenship	Magnus Bäcklund (12 December 1866 -- 26 June 1903) was a Swedish missionary to Chinese Turkestan with the Mission Covenant Church of Sweden.	Magnus Bäcklund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Pierre-Jean Croset (born July 14, 1949 in Grenoble, France) is a composer, an interpreter, a stringed-instrument maker and a French musicologist.	Pierre-Jean Croset	France
country of citizenship	Niels Johannesen Loftesnæs was born on the Loftesnes farm at Sogndal in Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.	Niels Johannesen Loftesnæs	Norway
country of citizenship	Žarko Đurović (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Ђуровић ; born August 1, 1961 in Belgrade, PR Serbia, FPR Yugoslavia) is a Serbian football manager and former player.	Žarko Đurović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ong Kim Seng (Chinese: 王金成; pinyin: Wáng Jīnchéng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ông Kim-sîng), was born in Singapore and has been a full-time artist since 1985.	Ong Kim Seng	Singapore
country of citizenship	Ti Manno (June 1, 1953, in Gonaïves, Haiti -- May 13, 1985, in New York) was a singer, guitar player, keyboard player, and percussionist.	Ti Manno	Haiti
country of citizenship	Andrés Vasquez rejected a call-up to the Peru national football team for a friendly with Costa Rica in March 2009 by coach José del Solar.	Andrés Vasquez	Peru
country of citizenship	Johannes Wieland (born 20 November 1967 in Berlin, Germany) is a choreographer, teacher and dancer.	Johannes Wieland	Germany
country of citizenship	Hüzeyfe Doğan (born 1 January 1981 in Karakoçan, Turkey) is a Turkish-German footballer who plays for SSVg Velbert.	Hüzeyfe Doğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Hor Namhong (Khmer: ហោ ណាំហុង; born 15 November 1935) is a Cambodian diplomat who has served in the government of Cambodia as Minister of Foreign Affairs since 1998.	Hor Namhong	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Saufatu Sopoanga, OBE (born 22 February 1952) is a political figure from the Pacific nation of Tuvalu.	Saufatu Sopoanga	Tuvalu
country of citizenship	Nino Schurter grew up in Tersnaus, Val Lumnezia in the Romansch-speaking part of Switzerland.	Nino Schurter	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Blanche Edith Baughan (16 January 1870 -- 20 August 1958) was a New Zealand poet, writer and penal reformer.	Blanche Edith Baughan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lalith Chandrakumar Weeratunga (Sinhala: ලලිත් වීරතුංග) (known as Lalith Weeratunga), (born 14 May 1950) SLAS, is the former Permanent Secretary to the President of Sri Lanka (also known as the President's Secretary).	Lalith Weeratunga	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Morad Mameri better known by his stage name DJ Mam's born in Marseille, France in 1972 is a Marseille-based French DJ of Algerian descent.	DJ Mam's	France
country of citizenship	Alemitu Bekele Aga (born 22 August 1976) is an Ethiopian-born Belgium long-distance runner who specialized in cross-country running, half-marathon and marathon.	Alemitu Bekele Aga	Belgium
country of citizenship	Petar Aleksandrov (Bulgarian: Петър Александров; born 7 December 1962 in Karlovo, Plovdiv Province) is a Bulgarian former footballer who played for various clubs in Bulgaria, Belgium, Germany and Switzerland during the 1980s and 1990s.	Petar Aleksandrov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Humberto Ak'ab'al also Ak'abal or Akabal (born 1952 Momostenango, Totonicapán department) is a K'iche' Maya poet from Guatemala.	Humberto Ak'ab'al	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Theodhori Sollaku was the Prosecutor General of the Republic of Albania from 2002 to 2007.	Theodhori Sollaku	Albania
country of citizenship	Woratep Rattana-umpawan born August 1, 1969 in Bangkok, is a classical guitarist from Thailand.	Woratep Rattana-umpawan	Thailand
country of citizenship	Waseem Ahmad (Urdu: وسیم احمد) (born 10 April 1977, Vehari) is a Pakistan field hockey player and ex- captain of Pakistan hockey team.	Waseem Ahmad	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Inés Paz Lemetre (born Gijón, Spain, 21 February 1980 ), is a news anchor and reporter who has worked for Televisión Española and Telemadrid.	Inés Paz	Spain
country of citizenship	Eileen Kernaghan grew up on a dairy farm outside Grindrod, B.C., Canada, population 600.	Eileen Kernaghan	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Angelis (5 November 1685 -- 1734), variously recorded as Pieter Angellis, Pieter Anchillus, Pieter van Angellis or Pieter Angelles, was a painter active in Flanders, Germany, Italy, England and France.	Peter Angelis	France
country of citizenship	Howard Gable is a New Zealand-born Australian record producer who is best known for his work as an A&R manager and house producer for EMI's Columbia pop label in Australia in the late 1960s and early 1970.	Howard Gable	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elena Risteska (Macedonian: Елена Ристеска (ˈɛlɛna ˈristɛska); born April 27, 1986 in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Macedonian singer and song-writer.	Elena Risteska	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Thomas Mark (11 July 1887 - 9 June 1941) was the fourth Public Service Commissioner in New Zealand.	Thomas Mark	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jorge Antônio Putinatti, or better known as Jorginho Putinatti (born August 23, 1959 in Marília, Brazil) is a former Brazilian football player.	Jorginho Putinatti	Brazil
country of citizenship	Jakkapan Pornsai (Thai: จักรพันธ์ พรใส, born March 28, 1987), simply known as Bon (Thai: บอล), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Jakkapan Pornsai	Thailand
country of citizenship	Brent Everett (born February 10, 1984, in Saskatchewan, Canada), born as Dustin Germaine, is a Canadian gay pornographic film actor and director.	Brent Everett	Canada
country of citizenship	Marcin Oles (born 1973 in Sosnowiec, Poland) is a jazz and free improvisation bass player, composer and record producer.	Marcin Oles	Poland
country of citizenship	Franco Ambrosetti (born December 10, 1941) is a Swiss jazz trumpeter, flugelhornist and composer born in Lugano, Switzerland, perhaps most noteworthy for his many albums released on the jazz recording label Enja Records.	Franco Ambrosetti	Switzerland
country of citizenship	James Kennedy Logan (8 May 1844--8 November 1912) was a New Zealand inspector and superintendent of telegraphs.	James Kennedy Logan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Robert Stadlober was born on 3 August 1982 in Friesach in the Austrian province of Carinthia, and grew up in Puchfeld in the Steiermark (Austria) and in Berlin (Germany).	Robert Stadlober	Austria
country of citizenship	Antoinette Cherish Flores Taus (born August 30, 1981, Angeles City, Pampanga, Philippines), known as Antoinette Taus, is a Filipino-American actress, singer, host and commercial model.	Antoinette Taus	Philippines
country of citizenship	Tara Lyn Hart, born April 11, 1978 in Roblin, Manitoba, Canada, is a Canadian country music singer/songwriter.	Tara Lyn Hart	Canada
country of citizenship	Pappala Chalapathirao (born 1 January 1946) in a Dimili village in Rambilli mandal in Visakhapatnam district, was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Pappala Chalapathirao	India
country of citizenship	Gert van Groningen (died ca. 1577) was a sculptor active in Denmark in the 1570s, who probably came from Groningen in the Netherlands.	Gert van Groningen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Gregg Dechert (born on May 11, 1952 in Listowel, Ontario, Canada) is a former member of Uriah Heep.	Gregg Dechert	Canada
country of citizenship	Ardian Fullani (born 1955) was the governor of the Bank of Albania from 2004 until 06 September 2014.	Ardian Fullani	Albania
country of citizenship	Sunil Kumar Mahato (11 January 1966 -- 4 March 2007) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Sunil Kumar Mahato	India
country of citizenship	Alfredo Novelo, better known as Freddy Novelo (b. February 29, 1960 d. May 29, 2013 in Merida, Mexico) is a philanthropist and art collector.	Freddy Novelo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Makame Rashidi (died April 14, 2013) was a Tanzanian military officer and diplomat, the Ambassador to Malawi, and the leader of Tanzania People's Defence Force (1989--2001).	Makame Rashidi	Tanzania
country of citizenship	Serik Sapiyev (Kazakh: Серік Жұманғалиұлы Сәпиев, born November 16, 1983) is an amateur boxer from Kazakhstan who won the world title in the light welterweight (-64 kg) division in 2005 and 2007 and Olympic Gold 2012 at welterweight.	Serik Sapiyev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Onufri or Onouphrios of Neokastro (Greek: Ονούφριος) was an Orthodox icon painter and Archpriest of Elbasan, active in the 16th century in southern Albania and south-western Macedonia.	Onufri	Albania
country of citizenship	Héctor Vigliecca (Montevideo, 16 October 1940) is a Uruguayan architect and urban planner living in Brazil since 1975.	Héctor Vigliecca	Brazil
country of citizenship	Gary Woollard is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country, including at the 1970 World Cup.	Gary Woollard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anatoly Lebedko (Belarusian: Анато́ль Уладзі́міравіч Лябе́дзька; Łacinka: Anatol Labiedźka (anˈtolʲ lʲaˈbʲedzʲka); Russian: Анато́лий Влади́мирович Лебе́дько; born June 27, 1961) is a Belarusian politician and the head of the United Civil Party of Belarus.	Anatoly Lebedko	Belarus
country of citizenship	Lankantien Lamboni (born 31 May 1990 in Dapaong, Togo) is a Togolese track and field athlete, specializing in the 400 metres hurdles.	Lankantien Lamboni	Togo
country of citizenship	Yves Pires is a French artist born in Choisy le Roi, France where one of his sculptures, ``Elodie'', can now be seen in the neighbourhood of Seine et Parc.	Yves Pires	France
country of citizenship	Don Luis López de la Torre Ayllón y Kirsmacker (29 March 1799 in Hamburg, Holy Roman Empire -- 2 December 1875 in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish nobleman, politician and diplomat who served as Minister of State in 1835.	Luis López de la Torre Ayllón y Kirsmacker	Spain
country of citizenship	Shakhboz Erkinov was a member of Uzbekistan national under-20 football team at the 2004 AFC Youth Championship.	Shakhboz Erkinov	Uzbekistan
country of citizenship	Juan de Lienas (fl.ca. 1640), is a composer, probably Mexican, whose compositions - several polyphonic masses and motets in the old style of Guerrero - are found in the Convento del Carmen Codex, of the former Convent school in San Ángel, Mexico City.	Juan de Lienas	Mexico
country of citizenship	Jacques Cambry (2 October 1749 -- 31 December 1807) was a Breton writer and expert in Celtic France.	Jacques Cambry	France
country of citizenship	Josip Kvesić (born 21 September 1990) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Karşıyaka, on loan from Turkish club Antalyaspor and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.	Josip Kvesić	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Joseph Rudolph Grimes (October 31, 1923 -- September 7, 2007) was a leading politician in Liberia.	Joseph Rudolph Grimes	Liberia
country of citizenship	Mia Mont (born November 3, 1989 in Lima, Peru) is a singer and songwriter who is of Peruvian origin.	Mia Mont	Peru
country of citizenship	Helene Gotthold (born 31 December 1896; died 8 December 1944) was a Jehovah's Witnesses who was guillotined by Nazi Germany at Plötzensee Prison.	Helene Gotthold	Germany
country of citizenship	Abdoulaye Diakité (born December 5, 1950) is a djembe master drummer from Tambacounda, Senegal.	Abdoulaye Diakité	Senegal
country of citizenship	Zhazira Nurimbetova (Kazakh: Жазира Нұрымбетова, born October 7, 1991 in Kentau) is a Kazakh beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Kazakhstan 2012.	Zhazira Nurimbetova	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	KLB is a rock group/boy band from Brazil.	KLB	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kenn Navarro (born 1979 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino American animator known for creating the popular internet cartoon Happy Tree Friends.	Kenn Navarro	Philippines
country of citizenship	Bruce Muirhead, BA Honors, MA, PhD, is a Canadian historian and an academic, whose work focuses on Canada's foreign trade policy.	Bruce Muirhead	Canada
country of citizenship	Marianne Dissard (born May 20, 1969, Tarbes, France) is a singer, lyricist and filmmaker who lived in Tucson, Arizona, United States from 1994 to 2013.	Marianne Dissard	France
country of citizenship	Fabio D'Elia (born 19 January 1983) is a half-Italian Liechtenstein football midfielder who currently plays for FC Schaan, a Liechtenstein club.	Fabio D'Elia	Liechtenstein
country of citizenship	Bas Bron is a musical artist and a producer of mostly electronic music from Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Bas Bron	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ivo Werner (born 19 August 1960) is a former professional tennis player originally from Czechoslovakia who competed for both his native country as well as West Germany.	Ivo Werner	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Joen Bille has been a theatre actor in Denmark since the early 1970s, and has had roles in a number of TV series.	Joen Bille	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jyongri (born August 30, 1988 in Osaka) is a Japanese pop singer of Korean ancestry currently signed with EMI Music Japan.	Jyongri	Japan
country of citizenship	Aleksandra Szwed (aka Ola Szwed; 8 August 1990, Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish actress and singer, of Polish and Nigerian ethnicity.	Aleksandra Szwed	Poland
country of citizenship	Marie-Noëlle Thémereau (born 1950) is the former president of the government of New Caledonia, an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean.	Marie-Noëlle Thémereau	France
country of citizenship	Pathira Vasan Dushmantha Chameera (born 11 January 1992), commonly Dushmantha Chameera, is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for Tests, One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is) for Sri Lanka.	Dushmantha Chameera	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Saeid Rajabi Shirazi (Persian: سعید رجبی شیرازی‎, born 10 March 1965 in Iran) is an Iranian futsal player.	Saeid Rajabi	Iran
country of citizenship	Rudolf Kühnhold (1903--1992) was an experimental physicist who is often given credit for initiating research that led to the Funkmessgerät (radio measuring device -- radar) in Germany.	Rudolf Kühnhold	Germany
country of citizenship	Guigone de Salins (1403-1470) was a member of the nobility in the state of Burgundy in Early Modern France.	Guigone de Salins	France
country of citizenship	Annette Edmondson (born 12 December 1991) is an Australian cyclist who competes on the track with Cycling Australia's High Performance Unit (HPU) and on the road for the professional women's team Wiggle High5.	Annette Edmondson	Australia
country of citizenship	Gloria Amon Nikoi (born 1930 in Ghana) was the Ghanaian foreign minister in 1979 under the Armed Forces Revolutionary Council (AFRC) government.	Gloria Amon Nikoi	Ghana
country of citizenship	Tahia Kazem (Arabic: تحية كاظم‎) (1 March 1920 -- 25 March 1992) was the First Lady of Egypt from 23 June 1956 to 28 September 1970.	Tahia Kazem	Egypt
country of citizenship	Janez Brajkovič (born 18 December 1983) is a racing cyclist from Metlika, Slovenia.	Janez Brajkovič	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Aldo van Eyck (16 March 1918 -- 14 January 1999) was an architect from the Netherlands.	Aldo van Eyck	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Elvis Álvarez (born 1965-02-02, Medellín, Colombia -- died 1995-07-16) was professional boxer in the flyweight division.	Elvis Álvarez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Colin Love AM, (born 25 January 1945, in Australia) is the chairman of the Rugby League International Federation, New South Wales Rugby League (NSWRL) and has been the chairman of the Australian Rugby League (ARL) since 1999.	Colin Love	Australia
country of citizenship	John Barnhill Dickie (March 30, 1829 -- June 5, 1886) was a farmer, teacher and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John Barnhill Dickie	Canada
country of citizenship	Gareth Farrelly (born 28 August 1975 in Dublin) is an Irish footballer who played for Aston Villa, Bolton Wanderers, and Everton in the Premier League, he also played six times for Ireland.	Gareth Farrelly	Ireland
country of citizenship	Rene Caovilla, born in 1938 along the Riviera del Brenta in Fiesso D’Artico (VE), Italy, is an Italian fashion designer.	Rene Caovilla	Italy
country of citizenship	Pedro Sandoval has paintings exhibited at the museum Adolfo Suarez at Avila, Spain, the Contemporary museum Sofia Imber at Caracas, Venezuela and many others .	Pedro Sandoval	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Sebastiano Martinelli was born in Borgo Sant'Anna within the Archdiocese of Lucca, Italy.	Sebastiano Martinelli	Italy
country of citizenship	HNLMS Isaac Sweers (Dutch: Hr. Ms. Isaac Sweers) was a Gerard Callenburgh-class destroyer of the Royal Netherlands Navy named after Sweers.	Isaac Sweers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ludovico Barassi (1873 -- 1956) was an Italian jurist and one of Italy's leading authorities on civil law in the first half of the 20th century.	Ludovico Barassi	Italy
country of citizenship	P. G. Anoor Jegadeesan was an India politician and three times Member of Legislative Assembly.	P. G. Anoor Jegadeesan	India
country of citizenship	Thomas Slingsby Duncombe (1796 -- 13 November 1861) was a Radical politician, who was a member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom for Hertford from 1826 to 1832 and for Finsbury from 1834 until his death.	Thomas Slingsby Duncombe	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Chua Boon Huat (3 May 1980 -- 1 August 2013) was a field hockey player from Bukit Cina, Malacca, Malaysia.	Chua Boon Huat	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Thomas Biagi (born 7 May 1976, in Bologna), is a professional racecar driver from Italy.	Thomas Biagi	Italy
country of citizenship	Hilligje Kok-Bisschop (born 1948) is a Netherlands activist from Staphorst for emancipation of orthodox Christian women.	Hilligje Kok-Bisschop	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Sonny Whakarau is a former New Zealand rugby league footballer who played professionally in England and represented the New Zealand Māori.	Sonny Whakarau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Marin Raykov Nikolov (Bulgarian: Марин Райков Николов; born 17 December 1960 in Washington, D.C., USA) is a Bulgarian politician and diplomat who was appointed to serve as a caretaker Prime Minister of Bulgaria and minister of foreign affairs of Bulgaria on 12 March 2013 by Bulgarian president Rosen Plevneliev.	Marin Raykov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Tasana Camara (born January 24, 1958)- world-renowned balafon, djembe, and kora player hailing from Conakry, Guinea in West Africa.	Tasana Camara	Guinea
country of citizenship	Edmond Loichot was a Swiss footballer who played for Switzerland in the 1934.	Edmond Loichot	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Adil Charkaoui (in Arabic عادل الشرقاوي born 1974) is a Morocco-born Canadian citizen who was arrested by the Canadian government under a security certificate in May 2003.	Adil Charkaoui	Morocco
country of citizenship	Frederick Sommer (September 7, 1905 -- January 23, 1999), was an artist born in Angri, Italy and raised in Brazil.	Frederick Sommer	Italy
country of citizenship	The Yongle Emperor (also romanised in Wade--Giles as Yong-lo Emperor; 2 May 1360 -- 12 August 1424), personal name Zhu Di, was the third emperor of the Ming dynasty in China, reigning from 1402 to 1424.	Yongle Emperor	China
country of citizenship	Arvid Hallén (born 3 July 1950) is a Norwegian sociologist and the Director-General of the Research Council of Norway (since 2004).	Arvid Hallén	Norway
country of citizenship	Krishanu Dey (Bengali: কৃশানু দে; 14 February 1962 -- 20 March 2003) was an Indian footballer from Kolkata, India.	Krishanu Dey	India
country of citizenship	Jordi Morgan (born September 27, 1958 in Moncton, New Brunswick) is a well-known radio and television broadcaster in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Jordi Morgan	Canada
country of citizenship	Abdul Rahman bin Tuanku Imam Nuh or also known as Dato' Bahaman (died 1930s in Terengganu) was a famous Malay warrior in Pahang, Malaysia during the period of British protectorate.	Dato' Bahaman	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Naret Sukngam (born December 6, 1976) is a member of the Thailand national beach soccer team.	Naret Sukngam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Bennett Smith (November 29, 1808 -- January 11, 1886) was a shipbuilder and shipowner in Nova Scotia, Canada.	Bennett Smith	Canada
country of citizenship	Lenka creates paper art type of stop-motion animated music videos for each of her singles with James Gulliver Hancock, a visual artist from Australia.	Lenka	Australia
country of citizenship	Farah Eslaquit Cano is a Mexican-Nicaraguan model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Nicaragua 2012 and represented her country at Miss Universe 2012.	Farah Eslaquit	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Aydın Doğan (born 15 April 1936 in Kelkit, Gümüşhane Province) is a Turkish billionaire media tycoon best known as the founder of Doğan Holding, one of Turkey's largest conglomerates.	Aydın Doğan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Robert Campbell Begg (11 April 1886 -- 26 July 1971) was a New Zealand doctor and politician.	Robert Campbell Begg	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Pamela M. Kilmartin is a New Zealand astronomer.	Pamela M. Kilmartin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dacia Valent was born in Mogadishu, from an Italian father and a Somali mother, she travelled extensively around the world during her youth and moved permanently to Udine, in Northern Italy in 1980.	Dacia Valent	Italy
country of citizenship	Sujud Sutrisno (born September 22, 1953) is a street musician or busker from Yogyakarta, Indonesia.	Sujud Sutrisno	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Risto Ristović, born in Valjevo, began his career in his native Serbia playing for Mačva He moved to OFK Beograd seasong 2006/07.	Risto Ristović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Jabir Novruz (birth name Jabir Mirzebey oglu Novruzov) (1933--2002) was a representative of literature, the national poet, honored art worker of Azerbaijan.	Jabir Novruz	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Pol Plançon was born in Fumay, in the Ardennes département of France, near the Belgian border.	Pol Plançon	France
country of citizenship	Pérsio Arida (born March 1, 1952 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian economist and a Former President of the Central Bank of Brazil.	Pérsio Arida	Brazil
country of citizenship	Asim Brkan (born 14 October 1954) is a Bosnian folk singer and musician from Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Asim Brkan	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Kjell Kaspersen (born April 7, 1939) is a former footballer from Norway.	Kjell Kaspersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Władysław Jerzy Engel (Polish pronunciation: (vwaˈdɨswav ˈjɛʐɨ ˈɛŋɡɛl); born 6 October 1952 in Włocławek, Poland) is a Polish former footballer and coach.	Jerzy Engel	Poland
country of citizenship	Jacob Rosted born in Høland in Akershus, Norway.	Jacob Rosted	Norway
country of citizenship	Plakkiyil Chacko Devassia, often known as Mahakavi P. C. Devassia (24 March 1906 -- 10 October 2006), was a Sanskrit scholar and poet from Kerala, India.	P. C. Devassia	India
country of citizenship	Philippa Ballantine (born 8 August 1971), who also used the pen name Pip Ballantine, is a contemporary New Zealand author of speculative fiction and an avid podcaster.	Philippa Ballantine	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albert LeGatt is the Roman Catholic Archbishop of St. Boniface in the Province of Manitoba, Canada.	Albert LeGatt	Canada
country of citizenship	Salvador Camacho Roldán (January 1, 1827 -- June 19, 1900) was a Colombian lawyer, businessman and politician who, as Presidential Designate, served as President of Colombia ad interim in 1868 and again in 1871.	Salvador Camacho	Colombia
country of citizenship	Hermann Oppenheim (1 January 1858 -- 5 May 1919) was one of the leading neurologists in Germany.	Hermann Oppenheim	Germany
country of citizenship	Arnold of Bergen (Norwegian: Arend) (died 1434) was bishop of Bergen, Norway, and a non-ordained, short-lived Archbishop of Uppsala, Sweden.	Arnold of Bergen	Norway
country of citizenship	In 2001, nominated for a Juno Award in the category Best Gospel Album for Mark Masri In 2001, winner of the GMA Canada Covenant Award for Pop Album Of The Year:	Mark Masri	Canada
country of citizenship	Runckel was probably born in Noordwijk-Binnen, the Netherlands to Petrus Jacobus Runckel sr. and Geertruida Catharina Escher.	Petrus Jacobus Runckel	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Daniel Revenu (born December 5, 1942 in Issoundun, Indre, France) is a French fencer and Olympic champion in foil competition, and medalists in four successive Olympics.	Daniel Revenu	France
country of citizenship	Guillermo Beraza (born October 25, 1975 in Junín, Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer who played for clubs in Argentina, Chile and Venezuela.	Guillermo Beraza	Argentina	Venezuela
country of citizenship	In 1991, Janaki Sabesh assisted Simi Garewal with her documentary on Rajiv Gandhi called India's Rajiv.	Janaki Sabesh	India
country of citizenship	António Augusto Soares de Passos (27 November 1826 -- 8 February 1860) was a Portuguese poet, creator of the ``Ultra-Romanticism'' in Portugal.	António Augusto Soares de Passos	Portugal
country of citizenship	Ilya Salkind was born August 27, 1947 in Mexico City, Mexico, the son of Berta Domínguez, a Mexican novelist, and producer Alexander Salkind.	Ilya Salkind	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lucky Mike Torey is a retired army officer who was appointed Military Administrator of Ondo State, Nigeria from December 1993 to September 1994, and then of Enugu State until August 1996 during the military regime of general Sani Abacha.	Mike Torey	Nigeria
country of citizenship	In June 2013, Alen Jogan and Uroš Celcer were signed by Italian club Parma for undisclosed fees, with Solomon Enow moved to Slovenia for €1 million.	Alen Jogan	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Tiruchi Siva (Tamil: திருச்சி சிவா) is a member of the Parliament of India representing Tamil Nadu in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of parliament.	Tiruchi Siva	India
country of citizenship	John Floore is a trumpeter from the Netherlands who played with the Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra, was a director of the Rotterdam Conservatory of Music and managed the Limbourg Symphony Orchestra before becoming Artistic Director of the Bangkok Symphony Orchestra.	John Floore	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Tammy Davis is a New Zealand actor, best known for his role as Munter on the hit New Zealand comedy-drama, Outrageous Fortune.	Tammy Davis	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ali Amini (12 December 1905 -- 12 December 1992) was an Iranian politician and writer who was the Prime Minister of Iran from 6 May 1961 to 19 July 1962.	Ali Amini	Iran
country of citizenship	As Francis Elsbend Kofigah notes in relation to Ghana's literary pioneers, ``before the emergence of such strong exponents of literary feminism as Efua Sutherland and Ama Ata Aidoo, there was Mabel Dove Danquah, the trail-blazing feminist.''	Mabel Dove Danquah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Amarjit Singh Rana (born February 3, 1960 at Khusropur, Punjab) is a former field hockey player from India.	Amarjit Singh Rana	India
country of citizenship	María Elena González (born 1957 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban-American artist best known for her sculptural installations that are architecturally as well as personally informed.	María Elena González	Cuba
country of citizenship	Elin Kristiansen (born 9 July 1968) is a former biathlete from Norway.	Elin Kristiansen	Norway
country of citizenship	Alberto Guerra coached the Selección de fútbol de México (Mexico national team) for three games in 1988, winning all three matches, but ultimately left the coaching position because he did not agree on the special interests in the Mexican Football Federation, and how economic interests always came before sport.	Alberto Guerra	Mexico
country of citizenship	Veronica Ann Cross (born 1950), daughter of a Covent Garden opera singer, won the Miss United Kingdom beauty pageant in 1973.	Veronica Ann Cross	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	In vrijheid is a 2005 song Thé Lau wrote as a liberation song for Bevrijdingsdag (Liberation Day in the Netherlands).	Thé Lau	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Vladimir Bogolyubov (Russian: Владимир Боголюбов; born 6 October 1954) is a former pair skater who represented the Soviet Union with Marina Leonidova.	Vladimir Bogolyubov	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Pierre Houseaux is one of the triathlon pioneers in France.	Pierre Houseaux	France
country of citizenship	Elizabeth Applunius Chin, also known as Esther Applunius or Esther OIAM 3 (born 12 April 1987 in Tambunan, Sabah, Malaysia) is a Malaysian singer.	Esther Applunius	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Banyingela Kasonga (born May 4, 1959), is a priest and was a candidate for the presidential elections in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in July 2006.	Banyingela Kasonga	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Manmeet Singh (born 29 July 1969 in Nainital, India) is an Indian actor and model.	Manmeet Singh	India
country of citizenship	Łukasz Żelezny, known as DeeJay Delta (born 23 March 1981 in Tarnowskie Góry, South Poland) is a Polish electronic music artist, and disc jockey, currently living London.	DeeJay Delta	Poland
country of citizenship	After the defeat of Sedan, Sarah Monod went to London to raise funds and equipment, then returned to France and the ambulance to treat victims of the campaign of the Loire.	Sarah Monod	France
country of citizenship	Sangeeta Kumari Singh Deo (born 3 December 1961) was a member of the 12th, 13th and 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Sangeeta Kumari Singh Deo	India
country of citizenship	Tracey Deer was born in 1978 and grew up in a large, close knit family in Kahnawake, a Mohawk reserve in Quebec, Canada, south of the St. Lawrence River across from Montreal.	Tracey Deer	Canada
country of citizenship	Agnes Robertson Robertson (31 July 1882 -- 29 January 1968) was an Australian Senator for Western Australia.	Agnes Robertson	Australia
country of citizenship	Paweł Małaszyński (born June 26, 1976 in Szczecinek, Poland) is a Polish TV and film actor.	Paweł Małaszyński	Poland
country of citizenship	Franz Beer (3 July 1659 -- 19 January 1726), also known as Franz Beer von Blaichten, was an Austrian architect during the Baroque period, mainly working on church buildings at monasteries in southern Germany, chiefly in Upper Swabia, and Switzerland.	Franz Beer	Germany
country of citizenship	Vivienne Gapes (formerly known as Vivienne Martin), is a Paralympic medalist from New Zealand who competed in alpine skiing.	Vivienne Gapes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rahmon Nabiyevich Nabiyev (Tajik: Раҳмон Набиев; Persian: رحمان نبی‌اف‎‎, alternative spelling Rakhmon Nabiev; October 5, 1930 -- April 11, 1993) served as the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Tajikistan and twice as the President of Tajikistan.	Rahmon Nabiyev	Tajikistan
country of citizenship	Ranawaka Arachchige Patali Champika Ranawaka (Sinhala: පාඨලී චම්පික රණවක; born 4 August 1965) is a MP in Sri Lanka, and an Electrical Engineer by profession.	Champika Ranawaka	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Sudhakar Panditrao Kurdukar (16 January 1935) is a former Chief Justice of the Punjab & Haryana High Court in January 1994 later he was became a Judge of the Supreme Court of India in March 96 and retired in January 2000.He was earlier a Judge in the Bombay High Court.	Sudhakar Panditrao Kurdukar	India
country of citizenship	Doug Galt (born 1937 or 1938) is a former politician in Ontario, Canada.	Doug Galt	Canada
country of citizenship	Hisako Arakaki (Arakaki Hisako, 新垣寿子, born 8 August 1977) is a J-pop singer from Okinawa, Japan, and an original member of the group Super Monkey's.	Hisako Arakaki	Japan
country of citizenship	Danny Bampton (born 6 March 1980 in Brisbane, Australia) is an Australian former professional rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the Australian National Rugby League competition.	Danny Bampton	Australia
country of citizenship	Kate Bevilaqua (born 4 August 1977) is an Australian triathlete and the winner of the women's 2010 Ironman Western Australia Triathlon.	Kate Bevilaqua	Australia
country of citizenship	Onorede Ehwareme also Onorede Ohwarieme (born November 25, 1987) is an amateur boxer from Nigeria.	Onorede Ehwareme	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Dominik Nitsche (born 1990) is a professional poker player, originally from Minden, Germany but now residing in Edinburgh, Scotland.	Dominik Nitsche	Germany
country of citizenship	Madeleine West (born 26 July 1980) is an Australian actress from Melbourne, Australia.	Madeleine West	Australia
country of citizenship	Rabbi Simcha Zissel Ziv was born as Simcha Mordechai Ziskind Broida in 1824 in Kelmė, Lithuania.	Simcha Zissel Ziv	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Since 1996, Alexandre Bouzdine has been working in the University of Bordeaux in France, where he has become a professor of the exceptional class in 2009.	Alexandre Bouzdine	France
country of citizenship	Petra Costa (Belo Horizonte, Brazil, July 8, 1983) is a Brazilian actress and filmmaker.	Petra Costa	Brazil
country of citizenship	In 2007, DJ Sava came to prominence following his debut album Love Drops, which was a commercial success in Romania, spawning two successful singles: ``Sunshine'' and ``The Reason''.	DJ Sava	Romania
country of citizenship	Guillaume Bérard was a French Consul established in Fez, Morocco, in 1577 by Henry III of France.	Guillaume Bérard	France
country of citizenship	Rudolf Kárpáti (17 July 1920 -- 1 February 1999) was a fencer from Hungary, who won six gold medals in sabre at four Olympic Games (1948--1960).	Rudolf Kárpáti	Hungary
country of citizenship	Narakorn Khana (Thai: นรากร คณา, born April 7, 1993) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Narakorn Khana	Thailand
country of citizenship	STONEHAM, Quebec (AP) Canada's Michael Ciccarelli won first slopestyle title Saturday in the FIS Snowboard World Cup tour opener.	Michael Ciccarelli	Canada
country of citizenship	Peter Lochran (born 14 September 1955 in Queensland, Australia) is an actor, who remains best known for his role as Dr. Peter Holland in the television soap opera The Young Doctors.	Peter Lochran	Australia
country of citizenship	Saad Haddad (1936--Jan. 14, 1984) was the founder and head of the South Lebanon Army (SLA) during the Lebanese Civil War.	Saad Haddad	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Parid Dule (born in 1969) is an Albanian painter and karate instructor or martial arts trainer who lives and works in Tirana, originating from Përmet Albania.	Parid Dule	Albania
country of citizenship	Henri Antoine Jacques (1782 Chelles, Seine-et-Marne -- 1866) was a French nurseryman specialising in roses, and noted for having introduced the Bourbon rose from Île Bourbon to France.	Henri Antoine Jacques	France
country of citizenship	Haakon Haraldsson (c. 920--961), also Haakon the Good (Old Norse: Hákon góði, Norwegian: Håkon den gode) and Haakon Adalsteinfostre (Old Norse: Hákon Aðalsteinsfóstri, Norwegian: Håkon Adalsteinsfostre), was the king of Norway from 934 to 961.	Haakon the Good	Norway
country of citizenship	Hou Yuon (1930 -- August 1975?) was a veteran of the communist movement in Cambodia.	Hou Yuon	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Regan West (born 27 April 1979) is a former New Zealand-born Irish cricketer.	Regan West	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Olavi Lanu, (10 July 1925 Viipurin maalaiskunta (former municipality of Finland) -- 11 May 2015 Lahti) was a Finnish sculptor.	Olavi Lanu	Finland
country of citizenship	Dias Keneshev (born March 31, 1985 in Urzhar) is a biathlete from Kazakhstan.	Dias Keneshev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Aitor Iturrioz (born Aitor Antonio Iturrioz Ortiz on April 9, 1970 in Mexico D.F., Mexico) is a s a well-known Mexican actor.	Aitor Iturrioz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Rolf Hosfeld (born June 22, 1948) is the Academic Director of the Potsdam Lepsius House in Germany, a Research Center for Genocide Studies, and works as an independent writer and historian.	Rolf Hosfeld	Germany
country of citizenship	William Colenso (7 November 1811 -- 10 February 1899) was a Cornish Christian missionary to New Zealand, and also a printer, botanist, explorer and politician.	William Colenso	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Kittipong Wongma (Thai: กิตติพงษ์ วงษ์มา, born September 14, 1995) is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Kittipong Wongma	Thailand
country of citizenship	Michael Riddell Akua (born January 26, 1963) is a political figure from the Pacific nation of the Republic of Nauru.	Riddell Akua	Nauru
country of citizenship	Martin de Knijff (born 2 October 1972) is a professional sports bettor and high-stakes poker player from Gothenburg, Sweden.	Martin de Knijff	Sweden
country of citizenship	In an April 2014 recorded message for a constituent, Joyce Bateman claimed that the Government of Canada was ``not making cuts to the CBC'' and that ``from a government perspective we are giving them as much taxpayer money as they ever have received.''	Joyce Bateman	Canada
country of citizenship	Duane Strydom is a paralympic athlete from South Africa competing mainly in category F36 shot putt and discus events.	Duane Strydom	South Africa
country of citizenship	Radim Hladík (born 13 December 1946 in Prague, Czech Republic) is a major Czech rock guitarist, composer and producer.	Radim Hladík	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Gonzálo Camilli (born June 04, 1974 in Montevideo, Uruguay) is a former Uruguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Uruguay, Argentina, Chile, Ecuador and El Salvador.	Gonzálo Camilli	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Pierre Gros (born May 7, 1939, Incheville, France) is a contemporary scholar of ancient Roman architecture and the Latin language, particularly the texts of the writer Vitruvius.	Pierre Gros	France
country of citizenship	Kim Goldberg (born 1954 in Eugene, Oregon) is an American-born writer who has lived in Canada since the 1970s.	Kim Goldberg	Canada
country of citizenship	Bruno Savry (born 11 March 1974 in Avignon) is a retired French professional football defender who last played for SO Cassis Carnoux in France.	Bruno Savry	France
country of citizenship	Antti Viskari (born May 1, 1928 in Joutseno, Lappeenranta, Etelä-Karjala, Finland- 2007) is a Finnish former long-distance runner.	Antti Viskari	Finland
country of citizenship	Sir George William Ross (September 18, 1841 -- March 7, 1914) was an educator and politician in Ontario, Canada.	George William Ross	Canada
country of citizenship	Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi (born 11 February 1959, Persian: مرضیه وحید دستجردی) is an Iranian university professor and former parliamentarian, who was Iran's minister of health and medical education.	Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi	Iran
country of citizenship	Harry Lindley Evans was born in Cape Town, South Africa in 1895, to English parents.	Lindley Evans	South Africa
country of citizenship	William Hawrelak (October 3, 1915 -- November 7, 1975) was a politician in Alberta, Canada, the longest-serving mayor in Edmonton's history, and a candidate for election to the Canadian House of Commons.	William Hawrelak	Canada
country of citizenship	Johann Erich Thunmann or Johannes or Hans (August 23, 1746 -- December 17, 1778) was a linguist, historian and theologian born in Thoresund (Södermanland) in Sweden.	Johann Erich Thunmann	Sweden
country of citizenship	Federico Martorell Rigo (born 16 March 1981) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club San Luis as centre back in Argentina.	Federico Martorell	Argentina
country of citizenship	On 13 March 1965, Horst-Dieter Höttges debuted for West Germany in a friendly against Italy (1--1) at Hamburg's Volksparkstadion.	Horst-Dieter Höttges	Germany
country of citizenship	Blaudzun is the stage name of the Dutch singer-songwriter Johannes Sigmond (Arnhem, Netherlands, 26 October 1974) who played for years in various bands and projects before he continued as a singer-songwriter in 2006.	Blaudzun	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Anil Awachat (Devanagari: अनिल अवचट) (born 1944) is a doctor, a social activist and Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Anil Awachat	India
country of citizenship	Youssef Salimi (born August 24, 1972 in Arles, France) is a former Algerian football player who played as a central defender and spent almost his entire career with OGC Nice.	Youssef Salimi	France
country of citizenship	Through the gallery owner Silvano Falchi in Milan, Ben Ormenese, was able to show his work in various solo exhibitions in Italy and Germany, and in other exhibitions for example at the Royal Academy of Arts in London, as well as at modern art shows in Switzerland and Germany.	Ben Ormenese	Italy
country of citizenship	George Manuel, OC (February 21, 1921 -- November 15, 1989) was an Aboriginal leader in Canada.	George Manuel	Canada
country of citizenship	Sarmīte Stone (born 30 May 1963) is a retired Latvian rower who won four medals in the eights at the world championships of 1982--1991, competing for the Soviet Union.	Sarmīte Stone	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Amha Selassie, GCMG, GCVO, GBE (27 July 1916 -- 17 February 1997) was the last reigning monarch of Ethiopia.	Amha Selassie	Ethiopia
country of citizenship	Tchakala Tchanilé (born 30 March 1969) is a Togolese football coach and former player who currently manages the Togo national football team.	Tchakala Tchanilé	Togo
country of citizenship	Under President Bronisław Komorowski's decision of 8 November 2010, Brunon Synak was appointed a Knight of the Order of Polonia Restituta ``for outstanding contribution to the development of territorial government in Poland, for achievements in scientific and didactic work''.	Brunon Synak	Poland
country of citizenship	Penny Tai (born 22 April 1978 in Segamat, Johor, Malaysia) is a Malaysian Chinese singer and songwriter in the Mandopop scene.	Penny Tai	Malaysia
country of citizenship	In 1972, George Ambrum was selected to play for Australia in the Trans-Tasman series and scored two sensational tries in the first Test.	George Ambrum	Australia
country of citizenship	Christopher Ride (born 1965 in Canberra, Australia) is a science fiction and thriller writer.	Christopher Ride	Australia
country of citizenship	Rasul Guliyev (Azerbaijani: Rəsul Bayram oğlu Quliyev; born December 10, 1947) was Speaker of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan from 1993 to 1996.	Rasul Guliyev	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Yanitzia Canetti (born 1967 in Havana, Cuba) is a Cuban author, translator, and editor.	Yanitzia Canetti	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sean Slemon (born 1978, Cape Town, Republic of South Africa) is a South African artist who works in sculpture, installation and printmaking.	Sean Slemon	South Africa
country of citizenship	Brigitte Becue (born 18 September 1972 in Ostend) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Belgium, who competed for her native country at four consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1988.	Brigitte Becue	Belgium
country of citizenship	Eugène Pastré (1806 -- 1868) was a French shipowner and merchant, the first owner of the Château Pastré in Marseille, France.	Eugène Pastré	France
country of citizenship	Pedro Ludovico (23 October 1891 -- 16 August 1979) was the founder of Goiânia, Brazil, and one of the most important figures in the history of the state of Goiás.	Pedro Ludovico	Brazil
country of citizenship	Spiro Zavos (born in 1937 in Wellington, New Zealand of Greek immigrant parents) is an Australasian historian, philosopher, journalist and writer.	Spiro Zavos	New Zealand
country of citizenship	George Baloghy (20 April 1950) is a prominent New Zealand artist.	George Baloghy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Roger Suárez Sandoval (born April 2, 1977 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra) is a former Bolivian football striker who lastly played for San José in Bolivia.	Roger Suárez	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Samuel Nadeau (born July 7, 1982 in Colombes, France) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs limoges during 2003-2004 season and Vichy during 2004-2005 season.	Samuel Nadeau	France
country of citizenship	Jana Komrsková (born May 6, 1983 in Roudnice nad Labem) is an artistic gymnast from Czech Republic, who participated in 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympic Games.	Jana Komrsková	Czech Republic
country of citizenship	Ibrahim El Batout (Arabic: إبراهيم البطوط‎) is an Egyptian filmmaker, based in Cairo, Egypt.	Ibrahim El Batout	Egypt
country of citizenship	Mazarópi earned one cap for the Brazil national football team.	Mazarópi	Brazil
country of citizenship	Mike Carlson is a pundit of National Football League (NFL) coverage in the United Kingdom.	Mike Carlson	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Mouez Hassen (born 5 March 1995 in Fréjus, France) is a French footballer from Tunisian descent who currently plays for French OGC Nice.	Mouez Hassen	France
country of citizenship	Hilde Zach (August 25, 1942 -- January 15, 2011) was the mayor of Innsbruck, Austria.	Hilde Zach	Austria
country of citizenship	Matthew Krel (1945 -- 20 May 2009) was a Russian-Jewish conductor who migrated to Australia and in 1988 founded the SBS Radio and Television Youth Orchestra, of which he was the chief conductor until his death.	Matthew Krel	Australia
country of citizenship	Aw Jama Omar Issa (Somali: Jaamac Cumar Ciise, Arabic: جامع عمر عيسى‎) (c.1922-6 January 2014) commonly known as Aw Jaamac, was a Somali scholar, historian and collector of oral literature of Somalia.	Jama Omar Issa	Somalia
country of citizenship	Madame Grès was born and raised in Paris, France.	Madame Grès	France
country of citizenship	Katerina Maier-Schiatti (fl. c. 1800) was a Russian composer, the daughter of violinist and composer Luigi Schiatti who lived in Russia from 1760 and played in the court orchestra.	Katerina Maier	Russia
country of citizenship	Shaun Webb (born 30 December 1981) is a New Zealand born Japanese rugby union footballer who plays as a fullback.	Shaun Webb	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Yvonne Todd (born 1973, Takapuna, Auckland) is a contemporary New Zealand photographer known for her manipulation of conventional photographic techniques and genres.	Yvonne Todd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Louis Paradis (born July 6, 1959) is a Canadian comics artist, writer and illustrator from Montmagny, Quebec, Canada.	Louis Paradis	Canada
country of citizenship	John Plimmer (28 June 1812 -- 5 January 1905) was an English settler and entrepreneur in New Zealand who has been called the ``Father of Wellington''.	John Plimmer	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Vaiko Eplik was born in Rapla, Estonia, into a music-loving family.	Vaiko Eplik	Estonia
country of citizenship	Mehrdad Karimian (Persian: مهرداد كريميان ‎‎, born September 20, 1982) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Fajr Sepasi in the Iran Pro League.	Mehrdad Karimian	Iran
country of citizenship	Wolfgang Sühnholz (born 14 September 1946 in Berlin) is an American soccer coach and former player from Germany.	Wolfgang Sühnholz	Germany
country of citizenship	Theodor Curtius was born in Duisburg in the Ruhr area in Germany.	Theodor Curtius	Germany
country of citizenship	Bernard Darnton (born 18 December 1972 in Leicester, United Kingdom) is a former leader of Libertarianz, a libertarian political party in New Zealand.	Bernard Darnton	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Alexander Borthwick Murray (14 February 1816 -- 17 March 1903) was a Scottish-born sheep breeder and parliamentarian in the early days of South Australia.	Alexander Borthwick Murray	Australia
country of citizenship	General Rafael Antonio Gutiérrez (24 October 1845 -- 9 January 1921) served as President of El Salvador from 10 June 1894 to 13 November 1898.	Rafael Antonio Gutiérrez	El Salvador
country of citizenship	Myint Myint Khin (Burmese: မြင့်မြင့်ခင်, pronounced: (mjɪ̰ɴ mjɪ̰ɴ kʰɪ̀ɴ); nicknamed Baby; born Khin Kyi (kʰɪ̀ɴ tɕì) on 13 August 1934) is a five-time Myanmar Academy Award winning Burmese film actress.	Myint Myint Khin	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Joop Sanders (born October 6, 1921 in Amsterdam, Netherlands) is a Dutch-born, American painter, educator and founding member of the American Abstract Expressionist group.	Joop Sanders	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Víctor Espínola, (born in Paraguay), is a multi-instrumentalist and singer, most known for playing the Paraguayan harp.	Víctor Espínola	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Francisco Martins Rodrigues died of cancer in Lisbon, Portugal, on April 22, 2008, at the age of 81.	Francisco Martins Rodrigues	Portugal
country of citizenship	Bernard Marszałek (1976 - 30 April 2007) was a powerboat driver from Poland.	Bernard Marszałek	Poland
country of citizenship	James Bodell (circa 1831 -- 23 September 1892) was a New Zealand soldier, businessman, local politician and writer.	James Bodell	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Albert Béchard (November 18, 1922 -- April 28, 2002 in Saint-Alexis-de-Matapédia, Quebec, Canada) was a Canadian politician and notary.	Albert Béchard	Canada
country of citizenship	Fritz Auer (born 24 June 1933 in Tübingen, Germany), is a German architect, the founder and senior partner of Auer+Weber+Assoziierte.	Fritz Auer	Germany
country of citizenship	Adolf VI, Count of Berg is named Adolf III, Count of Berg in the Netherlands and in Germany	Adolf VI, Count of Berg	Germany
country of citizenship	In 2002 the Seven Network and Screentime Australia considered a biopic called Blue Lady, to be based on the life of Hollingsworth, depicted as ``the true story of Kim Hollingsworth's determined, terrifying and courageous journey from stripper to police officer''.	Kim Hollingsworth	Australia
country of citizenship	Richard Akinjide travelled to the UK in 1951 for his higher education and was called to the English Bar in 1955 and later in Nigeria.	Richard Akinjide	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alessandro Del Mar (born in Naples, Italy) is an Italian pornographic film director and actor who is also known under the names ``Max Bellochio'', ``Max Bollecchio'' and ``Toni Montana''.	Alessandro Del Mar	Italy
country of citizenship	Francis Henry Shepherd (September 30, 1857 -- August 15, 1938) was an English-born civil engineer and political figure in British Columbia, Canada.	Francis Henry Shepherd	Canada
country of citizenship	Popatrao Baguji Pawar (born 1960) is the former sarpanch of Hiware Bazar, a gram panchayat in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra India.	Popatrao Baguji Pawar	India
country of citizenship	Joan Riudavets Moll (15 December 1889 -- 5 March 2004) was a Spanish supercentenarian and, at the time of his death, was believed to be the oldest verified person ever in the history of Spain.	Joan Riudavets	Spain
country of citizenship	Her Royal Highness Princess Ajrabarni Rajkanya or Phra Chao Boromwongse Ther Phra Ong Chao Ajrabarni Rajkanya (RTGS: Atcharaphanni Ratchakanya) (Thai: พระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ พระองค์เจ้าอัจฉรพรรณีรัชกัญญา) (7 July 1872 -- 15 November 1910), was the Princess of Siam (later Thailand).	Ajrabarni Rajkanya	Siam
country of citizenship	Hector Lombard is a fourth degree black belt in Judo and former Olympic Judo competitor from Cuba.	Hector Lombard	Cuba
country of citizenship	Vincenzo Milazzo (5 April 1956, Taranto, Italy) is an Italian naïve painter known for his use of reverse glass painting technique.	Vincenzo Milazzo	Italy
country of citizenship	Dama Kumari Sharma (Nepali: दामा कुमारी शर्मा) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Dama Kumari Sharma	Nepal
country of citizenship	Montana Cox (born 2 September 1993) is an Australian model, best known for being the winner of cycle 7 of Australia's Next Top Model.	Montana Cox	Australia
country of citizenship	Roger Feghali (born 1973 in Wadi Chahrour, Lebanon) is a Lebanese rally driver, he is 12 times Lebanese Rally champion and the record holder of wins in Rally of Lebanon (part of MERC).	Roger Feghali	Lebanon
country of citizenship	André Liohn (born November 9, 1974) is a freelance photojournalist born in Botucatu, Brazil, frequently contributing to the publications Der Spiegel, L'Espresso, Time, Newsweek, Le Monde, Veja and others.	André Liohn	Brazil
country of citizenship	Marat Bisengaliev (born 1962, Kazakhstan) is a Kazakh violinist and conductor of both the West Kazakhstan Philharmonic Orchestra and TuranAlem Kazakhstan Philharmonic Orchestra.	Marat Bisengaliev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Graeme Geddes is a former Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Australia.	Graeme Geddes	Australia
country of citizenship	Haimona Patete (1863 -- 25 June 1921) was a New Zealand Māori leader and religious founder.	Haimona Patete	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jorge Uliarte is an Argentinian conductor and is principally known as the artistic director of the International Festival of Ushuaia in Tierra del Fuego, Argentina.	Jorge Uliarte	Argentina
country of citizenship	Horace Edward Manners Fildes (5 October 1875--7 October 1937) was a New Zealand postmaster, book collector and bibliographer.	Horace Edward Manners Fildes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Michael Hatz (born 17 November 1970, in Vienna) is a retired Austria international footballer.	Michael Hatz	Austria
country of citizenship	Margaret June Craig AM (née Lynn; born 8 December 1930) is a former Australian politician who was the Liberal member for Wellington in the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1974 to 1983.	June Craig	Australia
country of citizenship	Christopher Maboulou (born March 19, 1990 in Montfermeil, France) is a Congolese footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club SC Bastia.	Christopher Maboulou	France
country of citizenship	Helena Konttinen (18 June 1871 in Uukuniemi (today's Parikkala and part of Russia), Finland -- 24 April 1916 in Uukuniemi, Finland) was a Finnish Christian prophet, whose religious activities were between the years a. 1893 and 1916, mostly located at Uukuniemi.	Helena Konttinen	Finland
country of citizenship	William James S. M. McClure (born 4 January 1958 in Liverpool, England) more commonly known as Billy McClure, was an association footballer who represented New Zealand.	Billy McClure	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christa Rigozzi (born May 2, 1983 in Monte Carasso, Ticino) was crowned Miss Switzerland 2006 on 9 September 2006 in Geneva.	Christa Rigozzi	Switzerland
country of citizenship	William Henry Dennis (31 March 1887 -- 18 January 1954) was a Conservative and Progressive Conservative party member of the Senate of Canada.	William Henry Dennis	Canada
country of citizenship	Felix Kandel (born October 21, 1932) is a Jewish writer, residing in Jerusalem, Israel.	Felix Kandel	Israel
country of citizenship	Hayyim Selig Slonimski was born in Białystok, in the Grodno Governorate of the Russian Empire (present-day Poland) on March 31, 1810.	Hayyim Selig Slonimski	Poland
country of citizenship	Victor Ochei (Born 25 February 1969) from Ogbekenu Delta State Nigeria was elected Speaker, Delta State House of Assembly, on 6 June 2011 as the representative of Aniocha North constituencymarking the commencement of the Fifth Assembly of the Delta State Legislature.	Victor Ochei	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Alec R. Costandinos, (born Alexandre Kouyoumdjian in 1944 in Cairo, Egypt) is a French singer and artist of the 1970s.	Alec R. Costandinos	Egypt
country of citizenship	Saensak Muangsurin (13 August 1950 -- 16 April 2009) was a retired professional boxer from Phetchabun, Thailand.	Saensak Muangsurin	Thailand
country of citizenship	Rudolf Brazda (26 June 1913 -- 3 August 2011) was the last known concentration camp survivor deported by Nazi Germany on charges of homosexuality.	Rudolf Brazda	Germany
country of citizenship	Tamara Téglássy (born 29 September 1968 in Debrecen, Hungary) is a former Hungarian figure skater.	Tamara Téglássy	Hungary
country of citizenship	Gregory Fortuin was born in South Africa and has had business and political experience there and in Australia and New Zealand.	Gregory Fortuin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hans-Peter Briegel (born 11 October 1955 in Rodenbach, West Germany) is a former German footballer and manager.	Hans-Peter Briegel	Germany
country of citizenship	Adnan Šećerović (born 1 December 1991) is a Bosnian professional footballer, who currently plays for FK Radnik Bijeljina, in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Adnan Šećerović	Bosnia and Herzegovina
country of citizenship	Konstantina Birbili (Greek: Κωνσταντίνα Μπιρμπίλη) (born 1969), commonly known as Tina Birbili, was the Minister for the Environment, Energy and Climate Change of Greece until June 17, 2011.	Tina Birbili	Greece
country of citizenship	Milutin Uskoković was born at Uzice, Serbia, on the 4th of June 1884 and took his own life at Kursumlija in southern Serbia on the 15th of October 1915 while witnessing the tragic retreat of the Serbian army.	Milutin Uskoković	Serbia
country of citizenship	Lt. General Jesus M. Vargas (March 22, 1905 -- March 25, 1994) served as Secretary of National Defense and chief of staff of the Philippines.	Jesus M. Vargas	Philippines
country of citizenship	Born in Kampala, Uganda on 20 July 1973, Michael Ezra is a former Uganda national team sprinter.	Michael Ezra	Uganda
country of citizenship	Nar Bahadur Saud (Nepali: नरबहादुर साउद) is writer, novelist and winner of Madan Puraskar of Nepal.	Nar Bahadur Saud	Nepal
country of citizenship	Lajos Dinnyés (16 April 1901, Alsódabas -- 3 May 1961) was a Hungarian politician of the Smallholders Party who served as the last pre-communist Prime Minister of Hungary from 1947 to 1948.	Lajos Dinnyés	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jean-François Fournier (born 12 January 1966, in Saint-Maurice, Switzerland) is a writer, playwright, poet and biographer Vaud.	Jean-François Fournier	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Jacqueline Fatima Bocoum is a former journalist turned author from the West African state of Senegal.	Jacqueline Fatima Bocoum	Senegal
country of citizenship	Rigoberto Trujillo (born December 21, 1978) is a retired judoka from Cuba.	Rigoberto Trujillo	Cuba
country of citizenship	Sid Ali Ammoura (born in Algiers, Algeria) is an Algerian professional footballer.	Sid Ali Ammoura	Algeria
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Muñoz Perez (born December 12, 1985 in Barcelona) is a 5-a-side football player from Spain.	Francisco Javier Muñoz Perez	Spain
country of citizenship	Uwe Scharen (born August 9, 1945, in Rockenau, Germany) is a German jurist.	Uwe Scharen	Germany
country of citizenship	Adalbert Pilch (16 February 1917 in Vienna, Austria -- 10 December 2004 in Tulln) was an Austrian painter and graphic artist.	Adalbert Pilch	Austria
country of citizenship	Somsak Sithchatchawal (Thai: สมศักดิ์ ศิษย์ชัชวาลย์; born July 17, 1977 in Lampang, Thailand) is a professional boxer in the super bantamweight (122 lb) division.	Somsak Sithchatchawal	Thailand
country of citizenship	Peter Tiepold (born November 15, 1945 in Berlin) is a former light-middleweight boxer from East Germany, who won the bronze medals of international competitions.	Peter Tiepold	East Germany
country of citizenship	Gogo Nushi (December 15, 1913 -- April 9, 1970) was an Albanian political figure who served in a number of positions in Albania during its socialist period.	Gogo Nushi	Albania
country of citizenship	Vera Schmidt (born 4 May 1982, Miskolc, Hungary) is a Hungarian pop singer-songwriter who rose to popularity after placing fifth in the Hungarian version of Pop Idol Megasztár.	Vera Schmidt	Hungary
country of citizenship	Antoine Marie Garin (23 July 1810 -- 14 April 1889) was a New Zealand priest, missionary and educationalist.	Antoine Marie Garin	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Gustavo Nery de Sá da Silva (born 22 July 1977 in Nova Friburgo, Brazil), commonly known as Gustavo Nery, is a former association footballer who played as a left-back.	Gustavo Nery	Brazil
country of citizenship	Leivinha played for Portuguesa, Palmeiras, and Atlético de Madrid, won national championships in both Brazil and Spain, as well as UEFA and the Intercontinental Cup.	Leivinha	Brazil
country of citizenship	Gholam Reza Sinambari (Persian: غلامرضا سینمبری ‎‎, born in Birjand, Iran) is an Iranian engineer and university professor.	Gholam Reza Sinambari	Iran
country of citizenship	Ahn Sang-yeong (Hangul: 안상영; hanja: 安相英; RR: An Sang-yeong) was the 25th, 31st, and 32nd mayor of Busan, South Korea.	Ahn Sang-yeong	South Korea
country of citizenship	Clara Hagman (born 9 July 1991 in Gävle, Sweden) is a Swedish singer and former member of the pop group Ace of Base.	Clara Hagman	Sweden
country of citizenship	Sonia Alconini Mujica was born 1965 in Bolivia and developed an early interest in the political formations of early Andean societies and the use of archaeology to improve the understanding of cultural relationships.	Sonia Alconini	Bolivia
country of citizenship	James A. Taylor (born 1928 or 1929) is a lawyer and politician in Ontario, Canada.	James A. Taylor	Canada
country of citizenship	Günther Mader (born June 24, 1964) is a former alpine ski racer and Olympic medalist from Austria.	Günther Mader	Austria
country of citizenship	Ana Karina Áñez Delgado (born 4 January 1985, Barquisimeto) is a Venezuelan TV Host and beauty pageant titleholder who won the title of Miss Venezuela 2003 representing her home state of Lara.	Ana Karina Áñez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Abi Kusno Nachran (1940 in Kalimantan, Borneo, Indonesia - July 24, 2006) was an Indonesian rainforest preservation activist.	Abi Kusno Nachran	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Guty Espadas (born December 20, 1954 Mérida, Yucatán, Mexico) was a Mexican professional boxer who won the World Boxing Council Flyweight Championship.	Guty Espadas	Mexico
country of citizenship	João Donato de Oliveira Neto is a Brazilian jazz and bossa nova pianist from Brazil, probably best known for his numerous albums as bandleader in the idiom.	João Donato	Brazil
country of citizenship	Binh Pho grew up in Saigon during the Vietnam War.	Binh Pho	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Lena Söderberg (born 31 March 1951 in Sweden) appeared as a Playmate in the November 1972 issue of Playboy magazine, under the name Lenna Sjööblom.	Lena Söderberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Samuel Heinicke (10 April 1727 -- 30 April 1790), the originator in Germany of systematic education for the deaf, was born in Nautschutz, Germany.	Samuel Heinicke	Germany
country of citizenship	Noël Dorville, born in Mercurey, France in 1874, died in Cosne-sur-Loire in 1938, was a French painter who was known for newspaper cartoons and posters.	Noël Dorville	France
country of citizenship	Eric Jupp (7 January 1922 -- 2 January 2003) was a British-born musician, composer, arranger and conductor who gained wide popularity in Australia after settling there in the 1960s, hosting a long-running light music TV show and composing for film and TV.	Eric Jupp	Australia
country of citizenship	Rexhep Mitrovica (1887 -- 21 May 1967) was the Prime Minister of Albania's government under Nazi Germany.	Rexhep Mitrovica	Albania
country of citizenship	Assaf Kehati (Hebrew: אסף קהתי) (born October 21, 1979 in Israel) is an Israeli jazz guitarist, composer, bandleader and educator based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Assaf Kehati	Israel
country of citizenship	Edison Reynoso (born November 10, 1975 in Monte Cristi, Dominican Republic) is a former professional baseball pitcher who played professionally from 1999 to 2004.	Edison Reynoso	Dominican Republic
country of citizenship	Charles Robert Thatcher (1830--1878) was a notable New Zealand singer, entertainer and songwriter.	Charles Robert Thatcher	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ana Lara was born in Mexico City and studied at the National Conservatory of Music with Mario Lavista and Daniel Catán and later with Fredrico Ibarra.	Ana Lara	Mexico
country of citizenship	Denis Lian is Singapore's most successful professional racing driver.	Denis Lian	Singapore
country of citizenship	Wang Xiaoning (simplified Chinese: 王小宁; traditional Chinese: 王小寧; pinyin: Wáng Xiǎoníng) is a Chinese engineer and dissident from Shenyang who was arrested by authorities of the People's Republic of China for publishing pro-democracy material online using his Yahoo! account.	Wang Xiaoning	People's Republic of China
country of citizenship	Simon Molitor was born in Neckarsulm, southern Germany.	Simon Molitor	Germany
country of citizenship	Paves' cobla is customarily dated between 1215, when Figueira entered Italy, and 1245, the death of Aimerid de Peguilhan.	Paves	Italy
country of citizenship	Claude Goretta (born 23 June 1929, in Geneva, Switzerland) is an internationally successful television producer and film director.	Claude Goretta	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Henry Despard (c.1784 -- 30 April 1859) was a New Zealand soldier.	Henry Despard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Frida Öhrn, born February 24, 1979, raised in Solna, Sweden, is a Swedish singer.	Frida Öhrn	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dovi Frances was born in Tel Aviv, Israel to an eastern European family of Holocaust survivors.	Dovi Frances	Israel
country of citizenship	Choy Weng Yang (Chinese: 蔡荣恩; pinyin: Cài Róngēn) is a Singaporean artist, curator and arts writer and a proponent of the art fraternity in post-independent Singapore.	Choy Weng Yang	Singapore
country of citizenship	Ivan Cattaneo (born 18 March 1953 in Bergamo, Italy) is an Italian artist, singer and songwriter.	Ivan Cattaneo	Italy
country of citizenship	Iris Szeghy lives and works in Switzerland and has won international composition awards.	Iris Szeghy	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Leonardo Drugovich (born April 21, 1989 in Maringá, Brazil) is a Brazilian footballer who has played for clubs in Brazil, Chile, Paraguay and Spain.	Leonardo Drugovich	Brazil	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Ottmar von Mohl, born in Tübingen, Germany was the son of famous jurist Robert von Mohl.	Ottmar von Mohl	Germany
country of citizenship	Alexander Behm (11 November 1880 in Sternberg (Mecklenburg) -- 22 January 1952 in Tarp (Schleswig-Flensburg)) was a German physicist who developed working ocean echo sounder in Germany at the same time Reginald Fessenden was doing so in North America.	Alexander Behm	Germany
country of citizenship	Nicolas Rondet is a former Barber Dodge Pro Series and Atlantic Championship driver from Melle, Deux-Sèvres, France.	Nicolas Rondet	France
country of citizenship	Núria Graham (born 25 June 1996 in Vic, Catalonia, Spain) is a Catalan singer and songwriter ho sings primarily in English.	Núria Graham	Spain
country of citizenship	Harald Grohs (born 1944) is a race driver and team owner from Essen, Germany.	Harald Grohs	Germany
country of citizenship	Georgina Burne Hetley (née McKellar, 27 May 1832 -- 29 August 1898) was a New Zealand artist.	Georgina Burne Hetley	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Andreas Busse (born May 6, 1959 in Dresden, Sachsen) is a former middle distance runner, who represented East Germany during his career.	Andreas Busse	East Germany
country of citizenship	Ramananda (IAST: Rāmānanda) was a 14th-century Vaishnava devotional poet sant, in the Ganges river region of Northern India.	Ramananda	India
country of citizenship	Jorge Eduardo Romero is a retired football referee from Argentina.	Jorge Eduardo Romero	Argentina
country of citizenship	Amien Rais was the leader of Muhammadiyah, one of the two biggest Muslim organizations in Indonesia, from 1995 to 2000.	Amien Rais	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Bartłomiej Jaszka (born 16 June 1983) is a Polish team handball player, currently playing for Füchse Berlin and on the Poland national handball team.	Bartłomiej Jaszka	Poland
country of citizenship	Andrea di Robilant (born Rome, Italy) is an Italian journalist and writer.	Andrea di Robilant	Italy
country of citizenship	Benoît-Pierre Emery (pronounced: (bə.nwa pjɛʁ e.mə.ʁi)) (Paris, 9 July 1970) is a French art director and a fashion designer based in Paris, France.	Benoît-Pierre Emery	France
country of citizenship	Avâtenio Antônio da Costa (Ceninho) (born July 13, 1933 in Ituiutaba, Brazil) is a former Brazilian footballer currently played for clubs of Brazil, Chile and Portugal.	Ceninho	Brazil
country of citizenship	Dena Kennedy is a New Zealand born actress.	Dena Kennedy	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Donna Wynd (born 1961) is a track cyclist from New Zealand, who competes in the women's sprint event.	Donna Wynd	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Barbara Brylska was born on June 5, 1941, in Skotniki, near Łódź, Poland.	Barbara Brylska	Poland
country of citizenship	Britta Persson is a Swedish indie pop musician from Uppsala, Sweden, who in September 2010 is releasing her third album entitled ``Current Affair Medium Rare''.	Britta Persson	Sweden
country of citizenship	William Henry Skinner (1838 -- 21 May 1915) was a Welsh architect who migrated to New Zealand.	William Henry Skinner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Saifuddin Choudhury (1 August 1952 -- 14 September 2014), was an Indian politician who was a CPI(M) leader and MP from West Bengal state of India.	Saifuddin Choudhury	India
country of citizenship	Pratap Chandra Chunder (1 September 1919 -- 1 January 2008) was a union minister of India, educationist and author.	Pratap Chandra Chunder	India
country of citizenship	He is an MMA legend in Ukraine, and even has a tournament named after him, the Igor Vovchanchyn Cup.	Igor Vovchanchyn	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Andreas Zülow (born October 23, 1965 in Ludwigslust) was a boxer from East Germany who won a Lightweight gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympic Games.	Andreas Zülow	East Germany
country of citizenship	Francisco Javier Illán Vivas (born in 1958 in Molina de Segura, Spain) is a writer and poet from Murcia.	Francisco Javier Illán Vivas	Spain
country of citizenship	Pavel Pepperstein (born in 1966, Moscow, Russia) is a Russian artist and writer.	Pavel Pepperstein	Russia
country of citizenship	Omar Azziman (born 17 October 1947, Tétouan), is an advisor to Mohammed VI, King of Morocco.	Omar Azziman	Morocco
country of citizenship	Stuart Newall (9 May 1843 -- 3 August 1919) was a New Zealand soldier and military leader.	Stuart Newall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Claude Lemaréchal (now retired) was a senior researcher (directeur de recherche) at INRIA near Grenoble, France.	Claude Lemaréchal	France
country of citizenship	Damian McInally (born in Brisbane, Australia, 23 December 1975) is a Rugby Union player who has represented Australia in the annual under 21 southern cross championships and Australian Rugby Sevens.	Damian McInally	Australia
country of citizenship	Rebeka Dremelj (born July 25, 1980 in Brežice, Slovenia, at the time SR Slovenia, Yugoslavia) is a Slovene singer, model, fashion designer, actress, and TV Host.	Rebeka Dremelj	Slovenia
country of citizenship	Carol Theresa East (born 15 January 1959, Kingston, Jamaica), known by her stage name of Sister Carol, is a Jamaican-born American reggae recording artist and actress.	Sister Carol	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Han Kook-young (Hangul: 한국영; hanja: 韓國榮; born April 19, 1990 in Seoul, South Korea) is a football player for Qatar SC in Qatar Stars League.	Han Kook-young	South Korea
country of citizenship	Anna Kanakis (Greek: Άννα Κανάκη) (born in 1962 in Messina, Italy) to a Greek father and an Italian mother, is an Italian actress and model.	Anna Kanakis	Italy
country of citizenship	Giorgos Zisopoulos (Greek: Γιώργος Ζησόπουλος; born on 23 May 1984) is a Greek footballer who currently plays for Asteras Tripoli F.C. of the Superleague Greece.	Giorgos Zisopoulos	Greece
country of citizenship	Shehab Younis (born 30 March 1988 in Alexandria, Egypt) is an Egyptian swimmer specializing in freestyle.	Shehab Younis	Egypt
country of citizenship	Jonas Lidströmer has often been called Sweden's ``mechanical genius'' and is often compared with Polhem, another great Swedish inventor.	Jonas Lidströmer	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ved Pratap Vaidik (born 30 December 1944, Indore, Central Province, British India) is a journalist, political analyst and freelance columnist of India.	Ved Pratap Vaidik	India
country of citizenship	Cederström was born at Fornsigtuna, Sweden and was the only child of lieutenant general and later president of the Council of War (Krigskollegium), baron Bror Cederström (1754-1816) and his first wife Catharina Maria Voltemat.	Bror Cederström	Sweden
country of citizenship	Joseph Franque, also known as Joseph-Boniface Franque, the twin brother of Jean-Pierre Franque, was born at Le Buis, France, in 1774, and died in 1833.	Joseph Franque	France
country of citizenship	Andy Quan (born 7 July 1969 in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada), is a Chinese-Canadian author who now lives in Sydney, Australia.	Andy Quan	Canada
country of citizenship	Doreen Helen Porter (born 21 July 1941) later Doreen Porter-Shann is a former New Zealand sprinter.	Doreen Porter	New Zealand
country of citizenship	A large number of his medals and plaquettes can be viewed in the Kunsthalle Hamburg and the Musée Oscar Roty in Jargeau, France.	Oscar Roty	France
country of citizenship	Folke the Fat (Swedish: Folke den tjocke), according to Gesta Danorum by the 12th century Danish chronicler Saxo Grammaticus, was the most powerful man in Sweden around 1100.	Folke the Fat	Sweden
country of citizenship	Kostyantyn Morozov (Ukrainian: Костянтин Петрович Морозов) is a military officer of the Soviet Union and Ukraine, the first Minister of Defense of Ukraine since its independence in 1990s, Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary Ambassador of Ukraine (2005), a key figure of the adaptation Ukrainian policy of NATO integration.	Kostyantyn Morozov	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Shaban Demiraj (1920--2014) was an Albanian albanologist, linguist, professor at the University of Tirana from 1972-1990, and chairman of the Academy of Sciences of Albania during the period of 1993-1997.	Shaban Demiraj	Albania
country of citizenship	Francisco Aruca (born Francisco Gonzalez y Aruca in 1941 in Artemisa, Cuba, died March 6, 2013 in Denver, Colorado) was a Cuban American radio host and businessman.	Francisco Aruca	Cuba
country of citizenship	Emilian Bratu (8 August 1904-31 March 1991) was a Romanian chemical engineer, founder of chemical engineering education in Romania.	Emilian Bratu	Romania
country of citizenship	Siarhei Hrybanau (Belarusian: Сяргей Грыбанаў) is a paralympic athlete from Belarus competing mainly in category F12 shot putt and discus events.	Siarhei Hrybanau	Belarus
country of citizenship	Fruto Chamorro Pérez (20 October 1804 -- 12 March 1855) was the 30th and 31st President of Nicaragua between 1 April 1853 and 30 April 1854 and between 30 April 1854 and 12 March 1855 now with the actual title of President, the first thirty being called Supreme Directors.	Fruto Chamorro	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Noel Nicola (*October 7, 1946 - †August 7, 2005 in Havana, Cuba) was an outstanding Cuban singer-songwriter and founder of the Cuban nueva trova, along with Silvio Rodríguez, Pablo Milanés, Vicente Feliu Miranda and Sara Rosa González Gómez.	Noel Nicola	Cuba
country of citizenship	Giovanni Dondi dell'Orologio (c. 1330 -- 1388), also known as Giovanni de' Dondi, was a doctor and clock-maker in Padua, now in Italy.	Giovanni Dondi dell'Orologio	Italy
country of citizenship	Edgardo Obregón (born May 30, 1999 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a football prodigy.	Edgardo Obregón	Mexico
country of citizenship	At Odeplan, Miguel Kast focused most of his energies on creating the ``map of extreme poverty'', which would become the cornerstone of Chile's social development programs.	Miguel Kast	Chile
country of citizenship	Deepak Chougule is a cricketer who plays for the state of Karnataka in the Ranji Trophy cricket tournament of India.	Deepak Chougule	India
country of citizenship	Ernesto Korrodi (Zürich, 30 January 1870 - Leiria, 3 February 1944), was a Swiss born architect who moved to Portugal when 19 years old, living the rest of his life there.	Ernesto Korrodi	Portugal
country of citizenship	Palash Sen is an Indian singer, songwriter, musician, composer and actor best known as the founder and frontman of India's pop band Euphoria.	Palash Sen	India
country of citizenship	Bharat Tandon is an entrepreneur from India.	Bharat Tandon	India
country of citizenship	Wilhelm Christopher Christophersen (15 December 1832 -- 26 July 1913) was a Norwegian diplomat, noted for his contributions in facilitating the dissolution of the union between Norway and Sweden in 1905 and later his service as Minister of Foreign Affairs.	Wilhelm Christopher Christophersen	Norway
country of citizenship	Adama Soumaré (born May 12, 1982 in Meudon-la-Forêt, France) is a French-Burundian defender currently playing for Ligue 2 side Le Havre AC.	Adama Soumaré	France
country of citizenship	Mohamed Mouldi Kefi (born February 10, 1946 in Le Kef, Tunisia) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Tunisia under the transitional government in 2011, and is a retired diplomat.	Mouldi Kefi	Tunisia
country of citizenship	Emma Wiklund (née Sjöberg, born 13 September 1968, Stockholm, Sweden) is a Swedish fashion model and actress.	Emma Wiklund	Sweden
country of citizenship	Carl Baltzar von Dahlheim (1669-1756) was a German-Swedish military officer, born in Saxony as Baltzar Tahlheim, who distinguished himself serving Sweden during the Great Northern War.	Baltzar von Dahlheim	Sweden
country of citizenship	Ali Kushayb's father was a member of the Ta’isha tribe while his mother was from the Dangaoni tribe from the southern part of Sudan.	Ali Kushayb	Sudan
country of citizenship	Svetoslav Todorov (Bulgarian: Светослав Тодоров; born 30 August 1978 in Dobrich, Bulgaria) is a former Bulgarian international footballer who currently is a manager of the Bulgarian U19 squad.	Svetoslav Todorov	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Lars Haltbrekken (born 9 March 1971) is a Norwegian environmentalist and chairman of Friends of the Earth Norway since 2005, after having been deputy chairman the two preceding years.	Lars Haltbrekken	Norway
country of citizenship	Carlo Brioschi (24 June 1826 -- 12 November 1895) was a painter and scenic designer, born in Milan, Italy, but mostly active in Austria.	Carlo Brioschi	Austria
country of citizenship	Bruce McFadgen (born 1943) is a New Zealand surveyor and archaeologist.	Bruce McFadgen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Lito Legaspi (born January 25, 1942) is a Filipino actor both in movies and television in the Philippines.	Lito Legaspi	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ali Mohsen Al-Moraisi (Arabic: علي محسن المريسي‎) (died 1994) was Yemen's greatest football player, and the first to ply his trade in the Egyptian league with Arab giants Zamalek in the 1960s.	Ali Mohsen	Yemen
country of citizenship	Melissa Juratowitch (born 29 January 1997) is an Australian model, best known for winning cycle 8 of Australia's Next Top Model at the age of 16.	Melissa Juratowitch	Australia
country of citizenship	Markus Breitschmid (born 20 April 1966, Lucerne, Switzerland) is a Swiss architectural theoretician, historian, and author.	Markus Breitschmid	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Michał Wojciech Wiśniowski (born September 30, 1980 in Wrocław, Poland), known as Michal Wisniowski, is a contemporary artist who works in both fine arts media, such as painting, as well as digital and commercial media.	Michal Wisniowski	Poland
country of citizenship	Michał Białk born March 4, 1982 Kraków, Poland) is a Polish classical pianist.	Michał Białk	Poland
country of citizenship	Jesús Alfredo Merchán (born December 24, 1952, Bogotá, Colombia), commonly known as Chucho Merchán, is a session jazz and rock bassist and guitarist.	Chucho Merchán	Colombia
country of citizenship	Mehdi Rajabzadeh (Persian: مهدی رجب‌زاده‎‎; born June 21, 1978) is an Iranian football player currently playing for Zob Ahan in Iran Pro League.	Mehdi Rajabzadeh	Iran
country of citizenship	Dindi Gowa Nyasulu (August 3, 1944 -- December 11, 2012) was a renowned engineer, a Malawian politician and former head of AFORD, Malawi's fifth largest political party.	Dindi Gowa Nyasulu	Malawi
country of citizenship	Thomas Edward Donne (1860--1945) was a New Zealand civil servant, author, recreational hunter and collector of Maori antiquities and New Zealand fine art.	Thomas Edward Donne	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Helga Haugland Byfuglien (born 1950 in Bergen) is a bishop in the Church of Norway.	Helga Haugland Byfuglien	Norway
country of citizenship	Constance Palgrave Abraham (12 May 1864--3 October 1942) was a New Zealand community leader and sportswoman.	Constance Palgrave Abraham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Anssi Kela (born 29 July 1972 in Kerava, Finland) is a Finnish singer-songwriter multi-instrumentalist who has published six albums.	Anssi Kela	Finland
country of citizenship	Luis Venegas (born March 13, 1979) is the Spanish editor and publisher of three independent, limited edition magazines based in Spain:	Luis Venegas	Spain
country of citizenship	Tommy Vásquez (born February 3, 1981 in Bogotá, Colombia), is Colombian actor.	Tommy Vásquez	Colombia
country of citizenship	Robert John Inverarity (born 31 January 1944) is a former Australian cricketer who played six Test matches for Australia.	John Inverarity	Australia
country of citizenship	Gabriel Reis Lopes Rocha (born March 12, 1984 in Rio de Janeiro) is a water polo player from Brazil.	Gabriel Reis	Brazil
country of citizenship	Axel Borup-Jørgensen is born in Hjørring in Denmark, but grew up in Sweden.	Axel Borup-Jørgensen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Johan Hoogewijs (born 22 December 1957, Belgium) is a Flemish Belgian composer and sound designer, best known for his music to Flemish and Dutch TV series such as Heterdaad, Russen and Witse.	Johan Hoogewijs	Belgium
country of citizenship	Rodel Bryan Generalao Mayol (born August 9, 1981 in Mandaue City, Cebu, Philippines), more commonly known as just Rodel Mayol, is a Filipino professional boxer and the former WBC Light Flyweight World Champion.	Rodel Mayol	Philippines
country of citizenship	Ginette Marotte is politician in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Ginette Marotte	Canada
country of citizenship	Enzo Salvi (born Vincenzo Salvi, Rome, Italy, August 16, 1963) is an Italian actor.	Enzo Salvi	Italy
country of citizenship	María Ávila Serna (born 12 March 1973) is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated with the Ecologist Green Party of Mexico.	María Ávila Serna	Mexico
country of citizenship	Haydée Milanés (Spanish pronunciation: (aiˈðe(e) milaˈnes)) is a Cuban singer born in 1980 in Havana, Cuba.	Haydée Milanés	Cuba
country of citizenship	Hugh William Segar (1868--1954) was a notable New Zealand mathematician and university professor.	Hugh William Segar	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Founded in 1964, Chari Jazz was the first modern Chad musical group.	Chari Jazz	Chad
country of citizenship	Gerald T. McCaughey B.Comm (born 1956 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada) is the former president and CEO of the Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce.	Gerald T. McCaughey	Canada
country of citizenship	Marta Cattani (born 19 January 1973 in Vicenza, Italy) is a retired Italian basketball player.	Marta Cattani	Italy
country of citizenship	Andreé González, full name Andreé Aníbal González Frustacci (nicknamed Varilla) (born June 30, 1975 in San Cristóbal, Venezuela), is a Venezuelan footballer who is currently free agent.	Andreé González	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Paul Gerritsen, (born 8 December 1984) is a New Zealand rower.	Paul Gerritsen	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Elena Souliotis was born in Athens, Greece, of Greek and Russian parents but moved with her family to Argentina at an early age.	Elena Souliotis	Greece
country of citizenship	Mohammed Daud Daud (Persian: محمد داود داود) (January 1969 -- 28 May 2011), also known as General Daud Daud, an ethnic Tajik, was the police chief in northern Afghanistan and the commander of the 303 Pamir Corps.	Mohammed Daud Daud	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Sebastián Luna (born 25 December 1987), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Sarmiento of the Primera B Nacional in Argentine.	Sebastián Luna	Argentina
country of citizenship	Svala Björgvinsdóttir (or Björgvins) (born February 8 in Reykjavík, Iceland) is an Icelandic pop singer-songwriter.	Svala	Iceland
country of citizenship	Khúc Hạo (died 917) (Chinese: 曲顥; pinyin: Qū Hào) was the Vietnamese self-declared jiedushi of northern Vietnam (Tĩnh Hải quân) from 907 to 917 succeeding his father Khúc Thừa Dụ.	Khúc Hạo	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Paa Joe (with family name Joseph Ashong) is a Ghanaian figurative palanquin and fantasy coffin artist born 1947 in the region Akwapim belonging to the Ga-Adangbe people, Greater Accra Region in Ghana.	Paa Joe	Ghana
country of citizenship	Hanna Haarala (born in Finland) is a professional Latin American dancer.	Hanna Haarala	Finland
country of citizenship	Sarjit Singh is the previous national field hockey coach for Malaysia.	Sarjit Singh	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Elza Kolodin is a pianist from Poland.	Elza Kolodin	Poland
country of citizenship	Federico Trillo-Figueroa Martínez-Conde (born in Cartagena, Spain, May 23, 1952) is Spain's ambassador to the United Kingdom.	Federico Trillo	Spain
country of citizenship	Mohamed Bakir El-Nakib commonly known as Hamada El-Nakib (born 6 April 1974) is an Egyptian handball goalkeeper, playing on the Egypt national handball team.	Mohamed Bakir El-Nakib	Egypt
country of citizenship	Jesús M. Toribio (born 10 November 1988 in Madrid, Spain) is a keyboardist, pianist and composer.	Jesús M. Toribio	Spain
country of citizenship	Thomas Sgovio (7 October 1916 -- 3 July 1997) was an American artist, ex-Communist, and former inmate of a Soviet Union GULAG camp in Kolyma.	Thomas Sgovio	Soviet Union
country of citizenship	Loïc Lantoine is a French singer and songwriter born in Armentières, Nord-Pas-de-Calais, France.	Loïc Lantoine	France
country of citizenship	Moussier Tombola is a Senegalese comedian based in France.	Moussier Tombola	France
country of citizenship	Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry, 2nd Duke of Dover, PC (1698--1778) was a Scottish nobleman, extensive landowner, Privy Counsellor and Vice Admiral of Scotland.	Charles Douglas, 3rd Duke of Queensberry	Scotland
country of citizenship	Albuquerque Mendes (Trancoso, Portugal, 1953) is a Portuguese artist.	Albuquerque Mendes	Portugal
country of citizenship	Christian Schaller is a Roman Catholic theologian from Munich, Germany.	Christian Schaller	Germany
country of citizenship	Lukman Olaonipekun popularly known as Lukesh is a Nigerian photojournalist born on December 7, 1975 in Itesiwaju Local Government, Oyo State, Nigeria.	Lukman Olaonipekun	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sharon Kam (born 11 August 1971 in Israel) is a classical clarinetist.	Sharon Kam	Israel
country of citizenship	In the late-1940s it is believed one year later Brooke returned to Australia and gained her legal name ``Bunney Brooke'', which would later become her much well known name.	Bunney Brooke	Australia
country of citizenship	Miguel Betancourt (born January 5, 1958) is an Ecuadorian contemporary artist living in Quito, Ecuador.	Miguel Betancourt	Ecuador
country of citizenship	Luis Alfredo Arango (1936 in Totonicapán, Guatemala -- 3 November 2001) was a poet.	Luis Alfredo Arango	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Şahan Gökbakar (born 22 October 1980 in İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish comedian and film actor.	Şahan Gökbakar	Turkey
country of citizenship	The most important client of La Voisin was Madame de Montespan, official royal mistress to King Louis XIV of France.	La Voisin	France
country of citizenship	Jonathan Espericueta was part of the Mexican U17 team who won the 2011 FIFA U-17 World Cup hosted in Mexico.	Jonathan Espericueta	Mexico
country of citizenship	Hatune Dogan (born April 4, 1970 in Midyat in southeastern Turkey ) is a religious nun of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch , President of the organization Helfende Hände für die Armen.	Hatune Dogan	Turkey
country of citizenship	Suzana Jovanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Сузана Јовановић) (born in Belgrade, Serbia, Yugoslavia) is a popular Serbian pop-folk singer.	Suzana Jovanović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Yuko Hara (原 由子 Hara Yūko, born December 11, 1956 in Yokohama, Japan, nicknamed ``Harabo'') plays the keyboards for Southern All Stars.	Yuko Hara	Japan
country of citizenship	Dushyanth Weeraman is a Sinhalese R&B and hip hop singer, dancer and actor in Sri Lanka.	Dushyanth Weeraman	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Galo Carrera Hurtado (born 19 August 1953 in Mexico) is serving as an Honorary Consul of Mexico to Canada.	Galo Carrera	Mexico
country of citizenship	Lloyd Phillips (c. 1949 -- 25 January 2013) was a South African-born New Zealand film producer.	Lloyd Phillips	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Dhurgham Ismail Dawoud Al-Quraishi (Arabic: ضرغام اسماعيل داوود القريشي‎; born 23 May 1994 in Amarah, Maysan, Iraq) is an Iraqi professional footballer who plays as a left back or left winger for Turkish Süper Lig club Çaykur Rizespor and for the Iraq national football team.	Dhurgham Ismail	Iraq
country of citizenship	Jason Wynyard is a champion woodchopper from New Zealand who has won over a hundred world titles in the sport.	Jason Wynyard	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Azzido Da Bass (born Ingo Martens, 29 August 1971) is a German DJ and record producer based in Hamburg, Germany.	Azzido Da Bass	Germany
country of citizenship	Patria Jiménez (born Elsa Patria Jiménez Flores in 1957 in San Luis Potosí, Mexico) is Mexican politician and head of El Clóset de Sor Juana (Sister Juana's Closet).	Patria Jiménez	Mexico
country of citizenship	Kamal Marjouane (born March 1, 1965) is a former boxer from Morocco.	Kamal Marjouane	Morocco
country of citizenship	Fiona Southorn (born 8 October 1967) is a New Zealand paralympic cyclist.	Fiona Southorn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Italo Santelli was born in Carrodano (La Spezia), Italy in 1866.	Italo Santelli	Italy
country of citizenship	Xhevahir Spahiu (born 1 March 1945 in Malind, Skrapar District, Albania) is an Albanian poet.	Xhevahir Spahiu	Albania
country of citizenship	Mojahed Khaziravi (Persian: مجاهد خذیراوی‎, born September 21, 1980) is an Iranian football player currently playing for Sanat Naft in Iran's Azadegan League.	Mojahed Khaziravi	Iran
country of citizenship	Chan Boon Yong, a second-generation diamantaire born in Malaysia and currently based in Shanghai since 2008, is a prominent jeweller specialising in large diamonds and founder of The Carat Club.	Chan Boon Yong	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Swarn Noora is an Sufi singer from Amritsar, Punjab, India.	Swarn Noora	India
country of citizenship	Devendra Prasad Yadav (26 November 1953) was a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Devendra Prasad Yadav	India
country of citizenship	Major General T. N. De Silva, USP, psc, SLAC (1939 - ) is a Sri Lankan general, who was the former General Officer Commanding, 21 Division;, Commandant, Sri Lanka Army Volunteer Force, Brigade Commander Armoured Brigade and Director, National Cadet Corps.	T. N. De Silva	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Yoav Galant (Hebrew: יואב גלנט‎; born 8 November 1958) is an Israeli politician and former commander of the Southern Command in the Israel Defense Forces.	Yoav Galant	Israel
country of citizenship	Agaja (also spelled Agadja and also known as Trudo Agaja or Trudo Audati) was a King of the Kingdom of Dahomey, in present-day Benin, who ruled from 1718 until 1740.	Agaja	Benin
country of citizenship	Werner Hippler (born July 30, 1970 in Cologne) is a former American football tight end from Germany.	Werner Hippler	Germany
country of citizenship	In light of the important scientific value of ENEA researches in the conservation of Cultural Heritage promoted and coordinated by Maurizio Diana, in Italy and in the rest of the world an interest develops for the use of new technologies in this field.	Maurizio Diana	Italy
country of citizenship	Sir Ugo Pasquale Mifsud (12 September 1889 -- 11 February 1942), son of Judge Gio Batta Mifsud and Philomena Marianna Muscat, was the third and fifth Prime Minister of Malta.	Ugo Pasquale Mifsud	Malta
country of citizenship	Juan Pinilla Martin (Huétor-Tájar, January 2, 1981) is a flamenco singer from Granada (Spain), critic, writer and columnist.	Juan Pinilla	Spain
country of citizenship	Yousef Wali is a former Minister of Agriculture and Land Reclamation (1982--2004) of Egypt.	Yousef Wali	Egypt
country of citizenship	Chaudhry Mohammad Ashraf Wahlah is an Advocate of the Supreme Court of Pakistan and a member of the Pakistan Bar Council (PBC).	Mohammad Ashraf Wahlah	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Renu Chand (Bhatt) (Nepali: रेनु चन्द) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Renu Chand (Bhatt)	Nepal
country of citizenship	Cristián Alfaro (born September 8, 1987 in Salta, Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Atlanta of the Primera B Argentine.	Cristián Alfaro	Argentina
country of citizenship	Dirk van den Broek (born March 27, 1924) is a Dutch businessman, founder of the Samenwerkende Dirk van den Broek Bedrijven, one of the largest family-owned businesses in the Netherlands.	Dirk van den Broek	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Pierluigi Bini is a Roman rock-climber who, in the early 80s revolutionized rock climbing especially in central Italy.	Pierluigi Bini	Italy
country of citizenship	Malhotra Chamanlal, also known as Chaman Lal Malhotra or just Chamanlal (born 5 September 1935, Ludhiana, Punjab, India) was an Indian cricketer who played first-class cricket from 1952 to 1970.	Malhotra Chamanlal	India
country of citizenship	Javier Arevalo (born 29 April 1937) is a contemporary Mexican artist,who has done many exhibitions,around the world,including Europe, Latin America,The USA, Mexico and Japan.	Javier Arevalo	Mexico
country of citizenship	John C. Bourinot (July 18, 1864 -- April 12, 1929) was a dry goods merchant, newspaper owner and political figure in Nova Scotia, Canada.	John C. Bourinot	Canada
country of citizenship	Gregory Henriquez is a Canadian architect, best known for the design of complex community-based mixed-use, office, condominium, retail, institutional and social housing projects in Vancouver and the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, Canada.	Gregory Henriquez	Canada
country of citizenship	Gandhi Azad a senior politician from Bahujan Samaj Party is a Member of the Parliament of India representing Uttar Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament.	Gandhi Azad	India
country of citizenship	Liu Shiduan (died 1896) was the founder and leader of the Big Swords Society, a martial arts society whose main task was to protect the property of landowners in Caozhou prefecture (southwestern Shandong province) in late Qing China.	Liu Shiduan	China
country of citizenship	Colonel Jean-Baptiste Bagaza (born 29 August 1946) is a Burundian politician who was Chairman of the Supreme Revolutionary Council in Burundi until November 10, 1976, and President from November 10, 1976 to September 3, 1987.	Jean-Baptiste Bagaza	Burundi
country of citizenship	Barun Biswas (12 September 1972 -- 5 July 2012) was a Bengali school teacher and a social activist in Sutia, West Bengal, India.	Barun Biswas	India
country of citizenship	Dr. Ebenezer Ako-Adjei (17 June 1916 -- 14 January 2002) was a nationalist politician from Ghana.	Ebenezer Ako-Adjei	Ghana
country of citizenship	Stasys Eidrigevičius (born in 1949 in Mediniškiai, Lithuania) is a painter and graphic artist.	Stasys Eidrigevičius	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Esther Chapa Tijerina (October 22, 1904 in Tamaulipas - December 14, 1970 in Mexico City) was a Mexican medical surgeon, writer, feminist, suffragist, trade unionist, and activist involved in pro-women's rights, Rodríguez de Romo, Ana Cecilia;	Esther Chapa	Mexico
country of citizenship	Reza Kianian is the author of 9 books in Iran.	Reza Kianian	Iran
country of citizenship	Arjun Singh Gurjar (1910 -- c. 1947) was a freedom fighter for India.	Arjun Singh Gurjar	India
country of citizenship	Martin Taupau (born 3 February 1990) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League.	Martin Taupau	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nurzhan Kermenbayev (Kaz:Нұржан Керменбаев) (born February 17, 1989 in Satpayev, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union (present Kazakhstan)) is a Kazakh singer who rose to popularity after winning (Contestant NO.360513) SuperStar KZ 3, the Kazakh version of Pop Idol.	Nurzhan Kermenbayev	Kazakhstan
country of citizenship	Jonathan Tunde Ogbeha is a retired general from Kogi State, Nigeria, who was administrator of Akwa Ibom State and then of Bendel State during the military rule of General Ibrahim Babangida (1985--1993).	Tunde Ogbeha	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Khalfan Ibrahim Khalfan Al Khalfan (Arabic: خلفان إبراهيم خلفان‎; born on 18 February 1988 in Doha) is a Qatari footballer who plays as a Winger for Al Sadd and the Qatar national team.	Khalfan Ibrahim	Qatar
country of citizenship	On 23 March 2009, Vrbica Stefanov was awarded the Medal for Service to the Country by the then-president of the Republic of Macedonia Branko Crvenkovski in acknowledgement of his sport achievements and his contribution to developing and popularizing sport in Macedonia as well as promoting the country abroad.	Vrbica Stefanov	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Emilio Spedicato (born 1945) is full professor of operations research at the University of Bergamo in Italy.	Emilio Spedicato	Italy
country of citizenship	Carla Lother is a singer, songwriter, pianist, and flautist originally from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada and currently based in New York City.	Carla Lother	Canada
country of citizenship	At the March 2008 edition of the Hip Hop World Awards held in Nigeria, 9ice won the Revelation of the Year award and the Best Male Vocal Performer.	9ice	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Born in 1990 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Sol Rodríguez started dancing when she was 5.	Sol Rodríguez	Argentina
country of citizenship	Rishi Kattel ऋषि कट्टेल is the leader of one of the communist parties in Nepal.	Rishi Kattel	Nepal
country of citizenship	Ghayyur Akhtar (5 October 1945 -- 7 February 2014) was a radio, television, film and theater actor from Pharwala Kahuta, Pakistan.	Ghayyur Akhtar	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Maz Quinn (born 7 August 1976) is a New Zealand surfer.	Maz Quinn	New Zealand
country of citizenship	In 1977 José Luis Garci directed his first feature film Asignatura pendiente (Unfinished Business) from a script by Gonzalez Sinde, a love story between an old pair of lovers which runs parallel to the social and political changes lived in Spain after the fall of Francisco Franco's regime.	José Luis Garci	Spain
country of citizenship	This Hermann Paul is not to be confused with Hermann Daniel Paul (1827--1885), who emigrated from Germany to Finland, where he worked as a language teacher and music reviewer.	Hermann Paul	Germany
country of citizenship	Kaïssa is a Cameroon born world musician.	Kaïssa	Cameroon
country of citizenship	In 1946 Shelomo Selinger boarded the Tel Haï, a ship leaving La Ciotat and headed to the then British Mandate Palestine with a group of young death camps survivors who, with the help of the Jewish Brigade of the British Army, had crossed illegally the borders of Germany, Belgium and France.	Shelomo Selinger	France
country of citizenship	Albert Gemmrich (born February 13, 1955 in Haguenau, Bas-Rhin) is a retired football striker from France, who obtained 5 caps (two goals) for the French national team.	Albert Gemmrich	France
country of citizenship	Daniel Sjölund was born in the municipality of Finström, based on the Åland Island group which is a Swedish-speaking autonomous region that belongs to Finland.	Daniel Sjölund	Finland
country of citizenship	Arturo Vittori (Viterbo, Italy, born October 1, 1971), is an Italian Artist, Architect, and Industrial Designer.	Arturo Vittori	Italy
country of citizenship	Ian Scheckter (born 22 August 1947 in East London, South Africa) is a former racing driver.	Ian Scheckter	South Africa
country of citizenship	Patriz Ilg (born 5 December 1957 in Aalen-Oberalfingen) is a retired 3000 m steeplechaser from West Germany.	Patriz Ilg	Germany
country of citizenship	The cartoon was drawn by Nikahang Kowsar and satirized freedom of expression in Iran, and a speech given by Mesbah Yazdi in the previous day.	Nikahang Kowsar	Iran
country of citizenship	Heinrich Suter (4 January 1848, Hedingen near Zurich, Switzerland -- 17 March 1922) was a historian of science specializing in Islamic mathematics and astronomy.	Heinrich Suter	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Raymond Ruyer was born in 1902 in the village of Plainfaing department of Vosges, France.	Raymond Ruyer	France
country of citizenship	Romana Carén (born 2 January 1979) is an actress, writer/director and vocal coach from Austria.	Romana Carén	Austria
country of citizenship	AMWE (pronounced ``Amuui'') (born May 6, 1984) is an indie New Wave and electronica artist from Nagoya, Japan.	AMWE	Japan
country of citizenship	Eda-Ines Etti (born 26 May 1981 in Haapsalu) is a singer and celebrity in Estonia, also known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000.	Eda-Ines Etti	Estonia
country of citizenship	Petrus Loosjes (20 November 1735, Zaandam -- 12 January 1813, Haarlem), was an 18th-century writer and Mennonite minister from the Northern Netherlands.	Petrus Loosjes	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Emmanuel Janssen (1879-1955) was a Belgian businessman, who founded the Union Chimique Belge (UCB) in Brussels, Belgium, in 1928.	Emmanuel Janssen	Belgium
country of citizenship	Sami Mark Yahya, professionally known by his stage name Faderhead is a German electronic music producer from Hamburg, Germany.	Faderhead	Germany
country of citizenship	Deshamanya Robin Bradman Weerakoon, CCS (b. Colombo, Sri Lanka, 20 October 1930) is a Sri Lankan civil servant.	Bradman Weerakoon	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Miguel Doura was born in 1962 in the province of Buenos Aires, Argentina, where he studied fine arts at the school Prilidiano Pueyrredón, standing out his talks and meetings with his teacher the sculptor Rubén Locazo (Grand National Sculpture Prize).	Miguel Doura	Argentina
country of citizenship	Born in Camborne, Cornwall, England, to parents of British and Irish descent, Zoie Palmer moved with her family to Canada when she was nine years old.	Zoie Palmer	Canada
country of citizenship	General Hans van der Louw is a two-star general in the Royal Netherlands Army and the former commander of 43 Gemechaniseerde (Mechanized) Brigade.	Hans van der Louw	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Johann III Romka also known as John or Jan was thirteenth century Bishop of Wrocław, Poland.	Johann III Romka	Poland
country of citizenship	Born in Koblenz, Germany, Max Cetto studied at the Darmstadt University of Technology, Munich and Berlin.	Max Cetto	Germany
country of citizenship	Carl Axel Björk (5 August 1880--17 September 1952) was a New Zealand whaler, goldminer and character.	Carl Axel Björk	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Christian Homburg (* 1962 in Gomadingen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) is a German marketing researcher, director of the IMU --	Christian Homburg	Germany
country of citizenship	Liborio Solís (born 21 March 1982 in Venezuela) is a Venezuelan professional boxer and a former WBA World Super Flyweight champion.	Liborio Solís	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Dániel Magay (born April 6, 1932 in Szeged, Hungary), is an Olympic and World Championship Gold Medal saber fencer.	Dániel Magay	Hungary
country of citizenship	Saint Saturius of Soria (Spanish: San Saturio) (493--568) is a hermit-saint of Spain.	Saturius of Soria	Spain
country of citizenship	K. S. R. Murthy was a member of the 11th Lok Sabha of India.	K. S. R. Murthy	India
country of citizenship	Karl Ridderbusch was born in Recklinghausen, Germany, and was discovered at an amateur music competition by the tenor Rudolf Schock who helped pay for the younger singer's training.	Karl Ridderbusch	Germany
country of citizenship	Andreas Seelig (born July 6, 1970 in Berlin) is a retired discus thrower from Germany.	Andreas Seelig	Germany
country of citizenship	Ernesto Fonseca, also known as ``El Lobito'' and ``The Fonz'', was a professional Motocross and Supercross racer from Costa Rica.	Ernesto Fonseca	Costa Rica
country of citizenship	Sombath Somphone (Lao: ສົມບັດ ສົມພອນ, born 17 February 1952 in Khammouane Province, Laos) is an internationally acclaimed community development worker and prominent member of Lao civil society.	Sombath Somphone	Laos
country of citizenship	Jill Ovens is a New Zealand Unionist and former political candidate.	Jill Ovens	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Augusto Aurelio Fábrega Donado is a Panamanian diplomat and the current Ambassador of Panama to Russia, presenting his credentials to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 3 February 2006.	Augusto Aurelio Fábrega Donado	Panama
country of citizenship	Bono was born and raised in Dublin, Ireland, and attended Mount Temple Comprehensive School where he met his future wife, Alison Stewart, and the future members of U2.	Bono	Ireland
country of citizenship	Leonor Teles (or Teles de Meneses) (1350 -- 27 April 1386) was a queen consort of Portugal and regent during the years 1383--1385.	Leonor Teles	Portugal
country of citizenship	Lay Phyu is one of the most famous Music Artists in Myanmar.	Lay Phyu	Myanmar
country of citizenship	Jos Schurgers (born 18 February 1947, Haarlem) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands.	Jos Schurgers	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Miguel Ángel de Quevedo (September 27, 1862 -- July 15, 1946) was a Mexican architect, engineer, and environmentalist who founded Mexico City's Viveros de Coyoacán arboretum, as well as numerous other construction projects in Mexico City, and throughout the country, and promoted the conservation of Mexico's forests.	Miguel Ángel de Quevedo	Mexico
country of citizenship	Pauline of the Agonizing Heart of Jesus, C.I.I.C. (December 16, 1865 -- July 9, 1942), was an immigrant from Austria-Hungary to Brazil, who became the foundress of the Congregation of the Little Sisters of the Immaculate Conception, Religious Sisters who serve the poor.	Pauline of the Agonizing Heart of Jesus	Brazil
country of citizenship	Vasile Deheleanu (born 12 August 1910 in Austria-Hungary (now Romania) - deceased 30 April 2003) was a Romanian footballer who played in midfield.	Vasile Deheleanu	Romania
country of citizenship	Elsa Alvarez was born in Cuba, and gained United States citizenship in 1979.	Elsa Alvarez	Cuba
country of citizenship	Kevin James LaBrie was born in Penetanguishene, Ontario, Canada and started playing drums at age 5.	James LaBrie	Canada
country of citizenship	Born in Belgrade, SR Serbia, Slobodan Dinčić had a very diversified career with mixed success.	Slobodan Dinčić	Serbia
country of citizenship	Liesbeth van Tongeren (born March 31, 1958 in Vlaardingen) is a Dutch politician, and former civil servant and director of Greenpeace Netherlands (2003-2010).	Liesbeth van Tongeren	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Nikollë Bardhi was born in region of Zadrima, Lezhë, modern northern Albania in 1551.	Nikollë Bardhi	Albania
country of citizenship	Benjamin Fafale (born 14 September 1968) is a retired weightlifter who represented the Solomon Islands at the Summer Olympics.	Benjamin Fafale	Solomon Islands
country of citizenship	Arnold Rosé was born in Iași (Jassy) in what is now Romania.	Arnold Rosé	Romania
country of citizenship	Daniëlle Overgaag (born 24 March 1973) is presenter and a former road cyclist from the Netherlands.	Daniëlle Overgaag	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Akiko Nishina (仁科亜希子), born 3 April 1953 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress.	Akiko Nishina	Japan
country of citizenship	Kofi Annan was born in the Kofandros section of Kumasi in the Gold Coast (now Ghana) on 8 April 1938.	Kofi Annan	Ghana
country of citizenship	Alonso García Tamés (born January 21, 1959 in Mexico City) is the former CEO of the National Bank of Public Works and Services (Banobras).	Alonso García Tamés	Mexico
country of citizenship	Katsuaki Fujiwara (born 27 March 1975 in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan) is a former professional motorcycle racer.	Katsuaki Fujiwara	Japan
country of citizenship	Johan Peter Koch (15 January 1870 -- 13 January 1928) was a Danish captain and explorer of the Arctic dependencies of Denmark, born at Vestenskov.	Johan Peter Koch	Denmark
country of citizenship	Jaime Laredo (born June 7, 1941 in Cochabamba, Bolivia) is a violinist and conductor.	Jaime Laredo	Bolivia
country of citizenship	Joe Natuman, born 24 November 1952, is a ni-Vanuatu politician, member of the Vanua'aku Pati.	Joe Natuman	Vanuatu
country of citizenship	Maja Komorowska is a sister of an actor Piotr Komorowski and cousin of Bronisław Komorowski, former President of Poland.	Maja Komorowska	Poland
country of citizenship	Peter Myles was born in Nova Scotia, Canada and was a classical record producer/editor at Delos Records before entering the film industry.	Peter Myles	Canada
country of citizenship	Michel Rolland (born December 24, 1947 in Libourne, France) is an influential Bordeaux-based oenologist, with hundreds of clients across 13 countries and influencing wine style around the world.	Michel Rolland	France
country of citizenship	Edward Wingfield Verner (1 October 1830 -- 21 June 1899) was a Conservative Party politician in Ireland who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1863 to 1880.	Edward Wingfield Verner	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Jasmine Choi (born 1983, Seoul, South Korea) is a Korean flutist.	Jasmine Choi	South Korea
country of citizenship	Dominique Fernandez was born in France on 25 August 1929, at Neuilly-sur-Seine near Paris.	Dominique Fernandez	France
country of citizenship	Georges Dufaux (French pronunciation: ​(ʒɔʁʒ dyfo); March 17, 1927 in Lille, France -- November 8, 2008 in Switzerland) was a Canadian documentary film director and cinematographer.	Georges Dufaux	France
country of citizenship	Hamuera Tamahau Mahupuku (c.1842 -- 14 January 1904) was a New Zealand tribal leader, runholder, assessor and newspaper proprietor.	Hamuera Tamahau Mahupuku	New Zealand
country of citizenship	George H. Turner is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented his country.	George H. Turner	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Sten Samuelson (born 30 April 1926 in Ängelholm, Skåne County, Sweden - died 4 July 2002 in Montreux, Switzerland) was a Swedish architect.	Sten Samuelson	Sweden
country of citizenship	Czon is the leader of the art collective ``Underground will take over'' with members from all over Sweden, all af them are anonymous.	Czon	Sweden
country of citizenship	Dr. B. K. Goyal (born 19 November 1935) is a cardiologist and medical educationist from India.	B. K. Goyal	India
country of citizenship	An acclaimed competition winner, Jasper Wood has won numerous prizes and awards in the United States, Canada, and Europe.	Jasper Wood	Canada
country of citizenship	Sergey Bykovsky (Russian: Серге́й Быковский; born May 30, 1972) is a boxer from Belarus, who won the bronze medal in the Men's Light Welterweight (-- 63.5 kg) division at the 1996 European Amateur Boxing Championships in Vejle, Denmark, alongside Bulgaria's Radoslav Suslekov.	Sergey Bykovsky	Belarus
country of citizenship	Antonio Milošoski (born January 29, 1976 in Tetovo, Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, now Republic of Macedonia) is a Macedonian politician and was minister of foreign affairs of the Republic of Macedonia 2006--2011.	Antonio Milošoski	Macedonia
country of citizenship	Nahuel Sachak or just Nahuel (born in Luz Bella colony, San Pedro Department, Paraguay in 1991) is a Paraguayan singer who, on the final held on 21 February 2011 became the winner of eighth series of Operación Triunfo in Spain.	Nahuel Sachak	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Christian Hjelm originating from Vestbjerg, Nordjylland, Denmark is a Danish singer and guitar player who has developed a solo career and has released a number of singles and had his debut album Før Vi Blev Lette recorded at Studio-R in Copenhagen and released on 3 September 2012 on Playground Music record label.	Christian Hjelm	Denmark
country of citizenship	Hassan Alavikia (Persian: حسن علوی کیا, (hæsæn ælævikiːɒː); 1 December 1910 -- 20 April 2013) was a prominent general in the Pahlavi pre-revolutionary government of Iran and one of the co-founders of the SAVAK.	Hassan Alavikia	Iran
country of citizenship	André Roche, born in 1952 in France, is an artist, an illustrator and an author of comics and children's books.	André Roche	France
country of citizenship	John Dowall is a paralympic athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category F44 throwing events.	John Dowall	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Francisco García Calderón Landa (April 2, 1834 -- September 21, 1905) was a lawyer and president of Peru for a short seven-month period in 1881, during the War of the Pacific.	Francisco García Calderón	Peru
country of citizenship	Vidya Jyothi V. K. Samaranayake, MBCS, MCS(SL), FNASSL, MIEEE (Sinhala:වී.කේ.සමරනායක) (1939 -- 6 June 2007) pioneered computing & IT development industry and usage in Sri Lanka and thus considered as the ``Father of Information Technology'' in Sri Lanka.	V. K. Samaranayake	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Siaka Touré (1935--1985) was the commandant of Camp Boiro in Conakry, Guinea during the regime of Guinean President Ahmed Sékou Touré.	Siaka Touré	Guinea
country of citizenship	Yair Nehorai is an Israeli lawyer and author, best known for his novel Taliban Son (Hebrew: וַתְּהִי-לִי אִמִּי קִבְרִי; the Hebrew title is taken from Jeremiah 20:17) and for representing a series of high-profile cases involving the most extreme religious groups in Israel.	Yair Nehorai	Israel
country of citizenship	The Carrera family of Chile became politically influential during the colonial period, and played a significant role in Chilean Independence.	Carrera family	Chile
country of citizenship	Mary Akpobome born Mary Udoh Bassey, July 11, 1968 to Ben Bassey Udoh, and Janet Bassey Udoh, Efa, Akwa Ibom, Nigeria is a director of Heritage Banking Company Limited of Nigeria (HBCL).	Mary Akpobome	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Nachiketa Ghosh (1925 -- 12 October 1976) was one of the most acclaimed music directors and composers of India.	Nachiketa Ghosh	India
country of citizenship	Emanuel Istudor (born August 9, 1983 in Romania) competed in NCAA 10 m Air Rifle for Mercer University (Southeastern Conference).	Emanuel Istudor	Romania
country of citizenship	Rimas Tuminas (born January 20, 1952, in Kelmė, Lithuania) is a theatre director.	Rimas Tuminas	Lithuania
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Leanza (2 January 1943) was born in Cesarò, Italy.	Giuseppe Leanza	Italy
country of citizenship	Zablon Simintov (born 1959 in Herat) is an Afghan carpet trader and restaurateur who is believed to be the last remaining Jew in Afghanistan.	Zablon Simintov	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Ameneh Bahrami (Persian: آمنه بهرامی‎; born 1978 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian woman blinded in an acid attack.	Ameneh Bahrami	Iran
country of citizenship	Joan Gilabert Jofré (1350--1417), also known as Padre Jofré or Pare Jofré, was a member of the Christian religious Order of Mercy and the founder of what is claimed to be the first psychiatric care institution in the world, in Valencia, Crown of Aragon (today in Spain).	Joan Gilabert Jofré	Spain
country of citizenship	Edo Kovačević was born 16 November 1906 in Gospić, then in Austria-Hungary, now in Croatia In 1909, the family moved to Zagreb.	Edo Kovačević	Croatia
country of citizenship	José Toirac (born José Angel Toirac y Batista on April 7, 1966 in Guantanamo, Cuba) is a Cuban artist specializing in painting, drawing, and installation.	José Toirac	Cuba
country of citizenship	Born in Brazil, Badaró moved to Portugal in 1957.	Badaró	Brazil	Portugal
country of citizenship	Endri Çekiçi (born 23 November 1996 in Pogradec) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Dinamo Zagreb and the Albania under-21 national team.	Endri Çekiçi	Albania
country of citizenship	Lina Pires de Campos was born in São Paulo, Brazil, the daughter of Italian luthier Angelo Del Vecchio.	Lina Pires de Campos	Brazil
country of citizenship	Wangay Dorji (born 9 January 1974) is a former football player from Bhutan.	Wangay Dorji	Bhutan
country of citizenship	Sardar Muhammad Aslam (Urdu: سردار محمد اسلم‎) is a former Justice of Lahore High Court, jurist and professional lawyer from Pakistan.	Sardar Muhammad Aslam	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Luc Sonor (born September 15, 1962 in Basse-Terre, Guadeloupe) is a former French international footballer who played in both France and Scotland.	Luc Sonor	France
country of citizenship	One India Entertainment reports, ``Sushant Singh Rajput makes a brilliant and effortless debut with Kai Po Che''.	Sushant Singh Rajput	India
country of citizenship	Jukka Paarma (born December 1, 1942 in Lappeenranta) was the Archbishop of Turku and Finland, and the spiritual head of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland.	Jukka Paarma	Finland
country of citizenship	After studying business in France, Germany and the United States, Patrick Ricard joined the Ricard company, founded by his father Paul Ricard in 1932.	Patrick Ricard	France
country of citizenship	After the Beatles had gained fame, the album was re-released in the United Kingdom, with the credit altered to ``Tony Sheridan and the Beatles''.	Tony Sheridan	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Malkar Mohamed (21 November 1943 to 26 February 1996) born in Colombo, Sri Lanka, was a film producer of the Sri Lankan Tamil film industry and a businessman.	Malkar Mohamed	Sri Lanka
country of citizenship	Isabel Macedo (Spanish pronunciation: (isaˈβel maˈseðo); born August 2, 1975 in Buenos Aires, Argentina) is an Argentine actress.	Isabel Macedo	Argentina
country of citizenship	Shazli Tahir (Pakistani pronunciation: (ˈshazlee tahir); Urdu: شاذلي طاہر; born 27 December 1989 in Karachi) is a Pakistani international sailor currently playing for Aquatic Club and the Pakistan national team.	Shazli Tahir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Rudolf Tomášek (born 11 August 1937) is a retired pole vaulter who represented Czechoslovakia.	Rudolf Tomášek	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Mustapha Bidoudane (Arabic: مصطفى بيضوضان‎; born 18 June 1976 in Rabat, Morocco) is a Moroccan footballer.	Mustapha Bidoudane	Morocco
country of citizenship	Danny Lim (born 7 November 1975 in Malacca, Malaysia) is a Malaysian writer, journalist and photographer.	Danny Lim	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Herbert Biggar (January 6, 1809 -- 1892) was a merchant, farmer and political figure in Canada West.	Herbert Biggar	Canada
country of citizenship	Matthew McIntyre-Wilson (born 1973) is a New Zealand jeweller and weaver of Taranaki, Ngā Mahanga and Titahi descent.	Matthew McIntyre-Wilson	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Liesl Ischia is a diver who represented Australia at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester, England.	Liesl Ischia	Australia
country of citizenship	Sergio Pérez Moya (born 13 October 1986 Puebla, Mexico) is a Mexican footballer, who plays for Puebla of Liga MX.	Sergio Pérez Moya	Mexico
country of citizenship	Archbishop Chrysanthus of Athens (Greek: Αρχιεπίσκοπος Χρύσανθος; 1881 -- 28 September 1949), born Charilaos Filippidis (Χαρίλαος Φιλιππίδης), was the Archbishop of Athens and all Greece between 1938 and 1941.	Archbishop Chrysanthus of Athens	Greece
country of citizenship	Daniel Canónico is best known as the man who anchored the pitching staff for the Venezuela national baseball team which captured the Baseball World Cup in 1941.	Daniel Canónico	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Saturnin Zawadzki (7 July 1923 in Radom, Poland -- 17 September 2003) was a Polish soil scientist.	Saturnin Zawadzki	Poland
country of citizenship	During his term in office, Melchor Rodríguez García also revealed that José Cazorla Maure, a counsellor of state security of the Council of Defence of Madrid organized a net of private, illegal prisons run by the Communist Party of Spain.	Melchor Rodríguez García	Spain
country of citizenship	Teddy Osei (born December 1937) is a musician and saxophone player from Ghana.	Teddy Osei	Ghana
country of citizenship	Jules Tchimbakala (born 15 January 1971) is a Republic of the Congo international football player.	Jules Tchimbakala	Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	The Jalkhanz Khutagt Sodnomyn Damdinbazar (Mongolian: Жалханз Хутагт Содномын Дамдинбазар; 1874--1923) was a high Buddhist incarnation from northwestern Mongolia who played a prominent role in the country's independence movement in 1911-1912.	Jalkhanz Khutagt Sodnomyn Damdinbazar	Mongolia
country of citizenship	Alexander Hotovitzky was born on February 11, 1872, in the city of Kremenets in Volhynia (now Ukraine).	Alexander Hotovitzky	Ukraine
country of citizenship	Emil Strub (July 13, 1858 in Trimbach, Switzerland -- December 15, 1909) was a Swiss builder, railway builder and inventor who invented the Strub rack system.	Emil Strub	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Lachlan Renshaw (born 2 April 1987 in Sydney, Australia) is a middle-distance track and field athlete and is the 2010 Australian Champion over 800 metres.	Lachlan Renshaw	Australia
country of citizenship	Macaya's rebel forces suffered serious losses at the hands of Haiti's future emperor, Dessalines, in early August 1802, when the latter was still fighting on behalf of the French.	Macaya	Haiti
country of citizenship	İsmail Kartal (born 15 June 1961 in Istanbul, Turkey), also known as Arap İsmail, is a former Turkish footballer.	İsmail Kartal	Turkey
country of citizenship	Arto Halonen (born 11 January 1964, Joensuu) is a documentary filmmaker from Finland.	Arto Halonen	Finland
country of citizenship	Sipora Gurung (Nepali: सिपोरा गुरुङ) is national women athlete, volleyball player, Miss Nepal 2013 Top 5 Finalist, actress and model of Nepal.	Sipora Gurung	Nepal
country of citizenship	Cristóbal Cruz Rivera, also known as Lacandón (born May 19, 1977 in Chiapas, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and former IBO and IBF Featherweight Champion.	Cristóbal Cruz	Mexico
country of citizenship	Philippe Gache (born May 31, 1962, Avignon, France) is a French racecar driver.	Philippe Gache	France
country of citizenship	He was born in Chambly, Lower Canada, the son of Antoine Rocheleau and Françoise Brais, dit Labonté, and was educated at the Collège de Chambly.	Antoine Rocheleau	Canada
country of citizenship	Settimio Piacentini (6 January 1859 - 2 November 1921) was an Italian General of the Kingdom of Italy who actively participated in the World War I, especially in the Sixth and Seventh Battle of the Isonzo.	Settimio Piacentini	Italy
country of citizenship	Irén Marik (1905 - 1986) was a classical pianist born in Hungary.	Irén Marik	Hungary
country of citizenship	Jenny Owens (born 17 May 1978), from Sydney, Australia is an Australian freestyle skier currently living in Freshwater, New South Wales.	Jenny Owens	Australia
country of citizenship	Born in Cairo in 1941, Prince Abbas Hilmi was named after his paternal grandfather Abbas Hilmi II, the last khedive of Egypt.	Prince Abbas Hilmi	Egypt
country of citizenship	Wally Kilmister (born 1908 in Wellington, New Zealand, - died 1973) was an international speedway rider.	Wally Kilmister	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Guy Reibel (born 27 October 1936 in Strasbourg, France) is an electronic or acousmatic composer.	Guy Reibel	France
country of citizenship	Anna Floris (born 15 May 1982), is a professional tennis player from Italy.	Anna Floris	Italy
country of citizenship	Hok Lundy (Khmer: ហុក ឡងឌី) (February 3, 1950 -- November 9, 2008), also transliterated as Hok Lundi and Hoc Lundy, was the National Police Commissioner of Cambodia from 1994 to 2008; he had previously been the governor of Svay Rieng Province.	Hok Lundy	Cambodia
country of citizenship	Kiyoshi Toyoda (豊田 清, born February 2, 1971 in Mie, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball player.	Kiyoshi Toyoda	Japan
country of citizenship	Dr. Monica Das is Associate Professor in Economics at Gargi College and a fellow at the Developing Countries Research Centre, University of Delhi, India.	Monica Das	India
country of citizenship	Renate Hoy, also credited as Renate Huy and Erika Nordin, (born December 31, 1930 in Ludwigshafen, Mannheim, Germany) was a German actress.	Renate Hoy	Germany
country of citizenship	Sandra Hüller (born in 1978 in Suhl, East Germany) is a German actress.	Sandra Hüller	Germany
country of citizenship	Hugo Barra (born October 28, 1976 in Belo Horizonte, Brazil) is a Brazilian computer scientist, technology executive and entrepreneur.	Hugo Barra	Brazil
country of citizenship	Kevin Leyers better known as DJ Rebel, or at times just Rebel (born in Edegem, Belgium on 22 July 1984) is a Belgian DJ based in Antwerp and known for Electro house, Progressive and Big Room House and Latin House music.	DJ Rebel	Belgium
country of citizenship	Bert Konterman (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈbɛrt ˈkɔntərmɑn), born 14 January 1971 in Rouveen) is a former professional footballer from the Netherlands.	Bert Konterman	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Thomas Grossmann (born June 1, 1951 in Hamburg, West Germany) is a psychologist, psychotherapist and author.	Thomas Grossmann	Germany
country of citizenship	Khadja Nin was born in Burundi, the youngest of a family of eight.	Khadja Nin	Burundi
country of citizenship	Joseph Neeld (1789--1856) was Member of Parliament of the United Kingdom for the rotten borough of Gatton, Surrey in 1830 and for Chippenham, Wiltshire, England from 1830 to 1856.	Joseph Neeld	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	John Cawthra (1789--1851) was a merchant, distiller and political figure in Upper Canada.	John Cawthra	Canada
country of citizenship	Omar Gamal (Arabic: عمر جمال‎; born 16 September 1982) is a footballer from Egypt.	Omar Gamal	Egypt
country of citizenship	Joseph Dufour, dit Bona (October 7, 1744 -- December 15, 1829) was a farmer and political figure in Lower Canada.	Joseph Dufour	Canada
country of citizenship	Aaradhna Jayantilal Patel (born December 20, 1983), better known by her stage name Aaradhna, is a New Zealand born musical recording artist signed under the music label Dawn Raid Entertainment.	Aaradhna	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Mingma Sherpa (Nepali: मिङमा शेर्पा) (born 23 September 1980) is a Nepalese pop singer, born in Lukla, Nepal into the Sherpa family.	Mingma Sherpa	Nepal
country of citizenship	Jean-Nicolas Laverlochère (December 6, 1812 in St. Georges d'Espérance, Grenoble, France -- October 4, 1884 in Témiscaming, Quebec) was a French missionary in Canada.	Jean-Nicolas Laverlochère	France
country of citizenship	Ulrich Pfisterer (born 4 November 1951 in Berlin, Germany) is a former German football player and coach.	Ulrich Pfisterer	Germany
country of citizenship	Hans Edler (born in Björkhagen, Stockholm, Sweden on March 23, 1945) is a Swedish pop musician, record company manager and concert promoter.	Hans Edler	Sweden
country of citizenship	Born on 16 August 1935 in Namur, Belgium, Evelyne Axell (née Devaux) was born into a traditional, middle-class Catholic family.	Evelyne Axell	Belgium
country of citizenship	Freeman Wright Holmes (6 June 1871--21 February 1967) was a New Zealand jockey, horse driver, trainer and breeder.	Freeman Wright Holmes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	John Flaws Reid (June 30, 1860 -- July 10, 1943) was a Scottish-born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan, Canada.	John Flaws Reid	Canada
country of citizenship	Allen Bula (born 4 January 1965) is a former Gibraltarian football player and former head coach/manager of the Gibraltar national football team, and current sporting director at Lynx FC.	Allen Bula	Gibraltar
country of citizenship	Ara Hakobyan (Armenian: Արա Հակոբյան, born on 4 November 1980 in Yerevan, Soviet Union) is an Armenian football player who played striker for the Armenia national team and participated in 42 international matches and scored 7 goals since his debut in a home friendly match on 21 November 1998.	Ara Hakobyan	Armenia
country of citizenship	Lee Hoi-chang (Korean pronunciation: (i.hø.tɕʰaŋ); born June 2, 1935) is a South Korean politician and lawyer who served as the 26th Prime Minister of South Korea from 1993 to 1994.	Lee Hoi-chang	South Korea
country of citizenship	Monica Shaw is a professional skateboarder from Sydney, Australia.	Monica Shaw	Australia
country of citizenship	Siphiwe Hlophe is the co-founder of Swaziland for Positive Living, an NGO that provides counselling and education, and seeks to improve the living conditions of people who are affected by or infected with HIV in the rural areas.	Siphiwe Hlophe	Swaziland
country of citizenship	Johan Bobäck also known as ``Kermit'' (b. April 1972) is a record producer and songwriter from Sweden.	Johan Bobäck	Sweden
country of citizenship	Otene Paora (?--1930) was a New Zealand Māori leader, Anglican lay reader and land negotiator.	Otene Paora	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Arjun Jena is highly acclaimed in South India as Cinematographer for his special effects cinematography, lighting, DI/ tone grading and dynamic composition to create poetic visuals for story telling.	Arjun Jena	India
country of citizenship	Marco Alcaraz (born July 12, 1983 in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino actor, commercial model, and former varsity basketball player at San Sebastian College-Recoletos.	Marco Alcaraz	Philippines
country of citizenship	Born in Lima, Peru, Santiago Roncagliolo spent part of his childhood in Mexico, where his family was exiled.	Santiago Roncagliolo	Peru
country of citizenship	Charles Estienne (French: (ʃaʁl etjɛn); 1504--1564) was an early exponent of the science of anatomy in France.	Charles Estienne	France
country of citizenship	Aurora Lacasa (born Paris 24 March 1947) is a popular singer of Aragonese (Spanish) provenance who has made most of her professional career in the German Democratic Republic and, since 1989, in Germany.	Aurora Lacasa	Germany
country of citizenship	Ferenc Szedlacsek, also known as Frantisek Sedlacek, (10 October 1898 -- 14 November 1973) was a footballer who played international football for both Czechoslovakia and Hungary.	Ferenc Szedlacsek	Hungary
country of citizenship	Ivan Zulueta was born Juan Ricardo Miguel due to the Russian origin of that name, which was not allowed by anti-communist Franco dictatorship, in San Sebastián, Basque Country, Spain.	Ivan Zulueta	Spain
country of citizenship	Mirta de Perales (September 2, 1922 -- May 3, 2011), born Mirta Raya Casanova in Rancho Veloz, Las Villas Province, Cuba was a hairdresser, cosmetologist and businesswoman.	Mirta de Perales	Cuba
country of citizenship	Floreta Faber born in Shkoder, Albania, is the Albanian ambassador to the United States.	Floreta Faber	Albania
country of citizenship	Emperor Go-Shirakawa (後白河天皇 Go-Shirakawa-tennō) (October 18, 1127 -- April 26, 1192) was the 77th emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.	Emperor Go-Shirakawa	Japan
country of citizenship	Antonella Costa (born 19 March 1980 in Rome, Italy) is a film and television actress.	Antonella Costa	Italy
country of citizenship	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu' is best known for promoting the voice of the contemporary rural India through the genre of 'Aanchalik Upanyas' (Regional Story), and is placed amongst the pioneering Hindi writers who brought regional voices into the mainstream Hindi literature.	Phanishwar Nath 'Renu'	India
country of citizenship	Israel Vibration are a reggae harmony group, originating from Kingston, Jamaica.	Israel Vibration	Jamaica
country of citizenship	André Koechlin was born in France to the Koechlin family, where he was the grandson of Samuel Koechlin, son-in-law of Daniel Dollfus-Mieg, head of the Dollfus-Mieg textile company and the first cousin once removed of structural engineer, Maurice Koechlin.	André Koechlin	France
country of citizenship	Andrzej Kubica (born July 7, 1972) is a former Polish football player He played in Poland, France, Israel and Japan and retired in 2007.	Andrzej Kubica	Poland
country of citizenship	Camille Bouvagne (born Jean-Baptiste Camille Bouvagne) (1864 -- 1936) was a French painter from Lyon, France.	Camille Bouvagne	France
country of citizenship	Kelly Salmon (aka Kelly Natelle) (born 23 March 1987 in Harlow, Essex, United Kingdom) is an English actress and fashion model.	Kelly Salmon	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	José Carlos Capinam (born 19 December 1941 in Esplanada, Bahia, Brazil), better known as Capinam or Capinan, is a Brazilian lyricist and poet.	José Carlos Capinam	Brazil
country of citizenship	Boonmark Sirinaovakul is an associate professor at and currently the President of Stamford International University, a private for-profit university in Thailand, and a member of Alpha Phi Mu (Industrial Engineering) and Tau Beta Pi (Mathematics) Honorary Societies in the United States.	Boonmark Sirinaovakul	Thailand
country of citizenship	Fredrik Jensen (25 March 1921 -- 31 July 2011) was a decorated Norwegian soldier in the German Waffen SS during World War II. He was born in Oslo, Norway.	Fredrik Jensen	Norway
country of citizenship	Asher Fisch (born May 19, 1958, Jerusalem, Israel) is an Israeli conductor.	Asher Fisch	Israel
country of citizenship	Themis Panou (Greek: Θέμης Πάνου) is a Greek actor best known for his acting with the National Theater of Greece as well as his starring role in the film Miss Violence directed by Alexander Avranas.	Themis Panou	Greece
country of citizenship	Momtaz El-Saeed (also known as Momtaz Saeed Abu El Nour; born 1948) is an Egyptian civil servant who served in the government of Egypt as minister of finance from 2011 to 2013.	Momtaz El-Saeed	Egypt
country of citizenship	Gary Hannam (born 1951 in Whangarei) is a New Zealand film producer.	Gary Hannam	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Canan Öztoprak (born 1955) is a Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Cabinet Minister appointed in the April 2005 TRNC Government of Prime Minister Ferdi Sabit Soyer.	Canan Öztoprak	Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
country of citizenship	Gottfried and Thekla Zielke (born 1929 and 1928 in Germany) are ceramicists based in Venezuela.	Gottfried and Thekla Zielke	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Mátyás Várkonyi (born September 4, 1950) is one of the most renowned musical composers in Hungary.	Mátyás Várkonyi	Hungary
country of citizenship	Petit-Pays (born Adolphe Claude Moundi in Douala, Cameroon in 1967) is a Cameroonian musician.	Petit-Pays	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Iveta Radičová (Slovak pronunciation: (ˈiʋeta ˈraɟitʃoʋaː); born 7 December 1956) was the first woman Prime Minister of Slovakia from 2010 to 2012.	Iveta Radičová	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Jorge Iván Bocanegra born in Líbano, Tolima, Colombia on 23 March 1991 is a football player, who plays for Millonarios in the Categoría Primera A, as striker .	Jorge Iván Bocanegra	Colombia
country of citizenship	Tomi Petrescu (born 24 June 1986), is a Finnish professional football winger and attacking midfielder who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side Ilves and has represented Finland national under-21 football team.	Tomi Petrescu	Finland
country of citizenship	Tomys Swartwout was one of the earliest New Netherlanders to buy and sell American tobacco in the Netherlands.	Tomys Swartwout	Netherlands
country of citizenship	William T. Howe (ca 1835 -- ) was a farmer and political figure in New Brunswick, Canada.	William T. Howe	Canada
country of citizenship	José Manuel Babak (Fram, Paraguay, 19 March 1986 or 22 April 1988) is a Paraguayan football midfield who formerly played for 2 de Mayo, and in 2012 for Boca Unidos in Argentina.	José Manuel Babak	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Mariano Rivera Paz (24 December 1804 - 26 February 1849) was the Head of State of Guatemala, he served as Head of State of Guatemala in the periods of 1838-1839 and 1842-1844.	Mariano Rivera Paz	Guatemala
country of citizenship	Jarrod Cunningham (7 September 1968 -- 22 July 2007) was a New Zealand rugby union fullback, who died from Motor Neurone Disease.	Jarrod Cunningham	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Judith Draxler (born March 24, 1970 in Feldbach, Steiermark) is a retired freestyle swimmer from Austria, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country, starting in 1996.	Judith Draxler	Austria
country of citizenship	Rouhollah Seifollahi (Persian: روح‌الله سیف‌اللهی‎‎) is an Iranian Football Striker who currently plays for Esteghlal Khuzestan in Iran Pro League.	Rouhollah Seifollahi	Iran
country of citizenship	Kana Tsugihara (つぎはら かな) ( Born August 25, 1984, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese actress, model and idol who has appeared in various magazines and television shows.	Kana Tsugihara	Japan
country of citizenship	Borja Penalba Catalá (Valencia, Spain 1975) is a composer, record producer, arranger and musician.	Borja Penalba	Spain
country of citizenship	Clotilde Hesme was born in Troyes, Aube, a city in the interior of France.	Clotilde Hesme	France
country of citizenship	Marc Engelhardt, a bassoonist, was born in 1961 in Radevormwald, Germany.	Marc Engelhardt	Germany
country of citizenship	Raimond Aumann (born 12 October 1963 in Augsburg (District Oberhausen), West Germany) was a German footballer.	Raimond Aumann	Germany
country of citizenship	Adolfo Fatecha (born November 24, 1972 in Asunción, Paraguay) is a former Paraguayan footballer currently played for clubs of Paraguay, Uruguay, Argentina, Chile, China and Indonesia.	Adolfo Fatecha	Paraguay
country of citizenship	Munawwaruz Zaman (born January 2, 1950 -- died July 28th 1994) was one of the players of the Pakistan national field hockey team produced by Pakistan.	Munawwaruz Zaman	Pakistan
country of citizenship	A. A. Krishnaswami Ayyangar (1892-1953) was a mathematician from India.	A. A. Krishnaswami Ayyangar	India
country of citizenship	Casimir III the Great (Polish: Kazimierz III Wielki; 30 April 1310 -- 5 November 1370) reigned as the King of Poland from 1333 to 1370.	Casimir III the Great	Poland
country of citizenship	Pat Farrell is the Head of Group Corporate Communications and Government Relations at Bank of Ireland.	Pat Farrell	Ireland
country of citizenship	Bob W. White is an associate professor of social anthropology at the University of Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Bob W. White	Canada
country of citizenship	Glen Goei (born 1962) is one of Singapore's leading film and theatre directors.	Glen Goei	Singapore
country of citizenship	Alejandro Otero Lárez (born in Caracas, Venezuela on January 2, 1974) is a Venezuelan model and actor who won the title of Mister Venezuela on 1999.	Alejandro Otero Lárez	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Harald Ende (born February 15, 1929, Hamburg, Germany) is a German saxophone, flute and accordion player who was active in the Hamburg music scene from the 1950s to the 1990s.	Harald Ende	Germany
country of citizenship	Jimmy Kirunda (born 1950) is a former international football player and international football manager for the Uganda national football team.	Jimmy Kirunda	Uganda
country of citizenship	Bernard Guasch (born in France) is the current CEO of the Super League and French Rugby League Championship team, the Catalans Dragons and has been since their formation in 2001.	Bernard Guasch	France
country of citizenship	Osman Mohamud (often known as Buurmadow; born c. 1965) is a clan elder from Somaliland, a self-declared republic that is internationally recognized as an autonomous region of Somalia.	Osman Mohamud	Somalia
country of citizenship	Lars Oostveen (Heiloo, Netherlands, 6 September 1976) (also known by his pseudonym Lawrence Ray) is a Dutch presenter, producer and actor.	Lars Oostveen	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Tan Sağtürk (pronounced (tan saːtyrk)) (born July 14, 1969, İzmir, Turkey) is a Turkish actor, ballet dancer, and choreographer.	Tan Sağtürk	Turkey
country of citizenship	Willi Schulz (born 4 October 1938 in Bochum, Germany) is a former German international footballer.	Willi Schulz	Germany
country of citizenship	Mihailo Obrenović (Serbian: Михаило Обреновић; September 16, 1823 -- June 10, 1868) was Prince of Serbia from 1839 to 1842 and again from 1860 to 1868.	Mihailo Obrenović	Serbia
country of citizenship	Ricky Thorby (born 2 October 1985 in New Zealand) is a rugby league player who last played for the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League.	Ricky Thorby	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ros Childs (born 1967 in the United Kingdom) is a TV Journalist focused on business matters, who used to work primarily in her native UK for ITV before moving to Australia and joining the ABC.	Ros Childs	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Osvaldo Fernández Rodríguez (born November 4, 1968 in Holguín, Cuba) is a former Cuban professional baseball player who pitched in the Major Leagues from 1996-1997 and 2000-2001.	Osvaldo Fernández	Cuba
country of citizenship	On July 6, 2013, Brodie Dupont married Kayleen Dupont in the small town of Rothesay, New Brunswick, Canada.	Brodie Dupont	Canada
country of citizenship	Kinuthia Murugu (died July 9, 2009 in Nairobi) was Permanent Secretary of Youth and Sports affairs in Kenya.	Kinuthia Murugu	Kenya
country of citizenship	Giuseppe Bausilio (born June 20, 1997 in Bern, Switzerland) is a Swiss actor, dancer, and singer.	Giuseppe Bausilio	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Fabrizio Sotti (born April 27, 1975, Abano Terme, Italy), is an Italian jazz guitarist, composer, songwriter and producer.	Fabrizio Sotti	Italy
country of citizenship	Ammar al-Hakim (Arabic: سید عمار الحكيم‎) is an Iraqi cleric and politician who leads the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, which was the largest party in Iraq's Council of Representatives from the 2003 Invasion of Iraq until the 2010 Iraqi elections.	Ammar al-Hakim	Iraq
country of citizenship	Orlin Stanoytchev (Bulgarian: Орлин Станойчев) (born 24 September 1971) is a former professional tennis player from Bulgaria.	Orlin Stanoytchev	Bulgaria
country of citizenship	Jan Cober is the child of a musical family from the village of Thorn, Netherlands.	Jan Cober	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Christoph Helmut Keitel (born 30 July 1965 in Lübeck, Germany) is a German physicist, presently a director at the Max-Planck-Institut für Kernphysik (Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics) in Heidelberg and an honorary professor (``Honorarprofessor'') at Heidelberg University.	Christoph Helmut Keitel	Germany
country of citizenship	Col. Gen. Lajos Fodor (born 27 July 1947) is a retired Hungarian military officer and diplomat, who served as the Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Hungary from 1 August 1999 to 28 February 2003.	Lajos Fodor	Hungary
country of citizenship	Now doubt Jawad Bashir is the director who brought innovation in Drama industry of Pakistan specially in Sitcoms.	Jawad Bashir	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Bae Ki-tae (Hangul: 배기태, Hanja: 裴基兌) (born 3 May 1965 in Uijeongbu, Gyeonggi-do) is a former speed skater from South Korea.	Bae Ki-tae	South Korea
country of citizenship	Mustafa Kandıralı (born 1930, Kandıra, Kocaeli, Turkey) is a Turkish clarinetist of gypsy and Turkish folk music.	Mustafa Kandıralı	Turkey
country of citizenship	Lili Golestan spent a number of years studying in Paris and upon her return to Iran found success as a translator and author.	Lili Golestan	Iran
country of citizenship	Mukundan C. Menon was one of the most prominent human-rights activists in India.	Mukundan C. Menon	India
country of citizenship	Mark Collard is a key figure in the professional development of adventure education in Australia, and was instrumental in the development of Project Adventure in the early 1990s.	Mark Collard	Australia
country of citizenship	Harry Albert Willis (July 11, 1904 -- March 23, 1972) was a Canadian Senator and long-time fundraiser and organizer for the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada in Ontario.	Harry Albert Willis	Canada
country of citizenship	Frode Rønning (born 7 July 1959) is a former speed skater and coach from Norway.	Frode Rønning	Norway
country of citizenship	Alfonso Caycedo, (born 19 November 1932 at Bogota in Colombia) is one of the founders of sophrology.	Alfonso Caycedo	Colombia
country of citizenship	Tshibumba Kanda-Matulu (1947 in Élisabethville, Belgian Congo -- c.1981 in Zaire), commonly abbreviated to TKM, was a noted artist and painter from Zaire (the modern-day Democratic Republic of the Congo).	Tshibumba Kanda-Matulu	Democratic Republic of the Congo
country of citizenship	Andrea Stelzer (born c. 1965) was a South African beauty queen who also represented Germany in the Miss Universe pageant.	Andrea Stelzer	Germany
country of citizenship	Bittu Sahgal, an Environmental activist and writer, is the founding editor of Sanctuary Asia, India's premier wildlife and ecology magazine.	Bittu Sahgal	India
country of citizenship	Sister Cristina Scuccia (also known as suor Cristina, Italian for ``Sister Christina'') is an Italian Ursuline nun who won the 2014 season of The Voice of Italy as part of Team J-Ax, resulting in a record deal with Universal.	Cristina Scuccia	Italy
country of citizenship	Pierre Louÿs was born Pierre Félix Louis on 10 December 1870 in Ghent, Belgium, but moved to France where he would spend the rest of his life.	Pierre Louÿs	France
country of citizenship	Yuhanon Qashisho (1918 in Esfes, Ottoman Empire -- 2001 in Sweden) was a praised Assyrian author and poet.	Yuhanon Qashisho	Sweden
country of citizenship	Alessandro Di Gregorio, commonly known as Alex Di Gregorio (born June 20, 1962 in Parma, Italy), is an Italian editorial cartoonist and author best known for his commentary on Italian national domestic and foreign policy from a progressive perspective.	Alex Di Gregorio	Italy
country of citizenship	Johannes Palmberg was born as one of 20 siblings at the rectory in Råby, Sweden, where his father Olof Bononis Palmberg was vicar.	Johannes Palmberg	Sweden
country of citizenship	Julietta Quiroga (born November 1, 1988 in Crossnore, United States) is an alpine skier competing for Argentina.	Julietta Quiroga	Argentina
country of citizenship	Alain Levy, an entertainment industry executive, was born in Metz, France, on 19 December 1946.	Alain Levy	France
country of citizenship	Vijay Shankar Vyas is a noted agricultural economist of India.	Vijay Shankar Vyas	India
country of citizenship	Krzesimir Dębski studied composition with Andrzej Koszewski, and conducting with Witold Krzemieński, at the Paderewski Academy of Music in Poznań, Poland.	Krzesimir Dębski	Poland
country of citizenship	Professor Dr. Emil Salim, (born in Lahat, South Sumatra, Indonesia, 8 June 1930) is an economist and former Minister of Indonesia.	Emil Salim	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Rubén Xaus (born 18 February 1978 in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain) is a retired motorcycle road racer.	Rubén Xaus	Spain
country of citizenship	In Hungary, from 2008 to 2010 Eszter Pap represented the club ORTRI, since 2011 she is part of the elite team of Triatlon Villám (Budapest) and attends the highschool Csik Ferenc Általános Iskola és Gimnázium.	Eszter Pap	Hungary
country of citizenship	Nicolas Rolin (1376--1462) was a leading figure in the history of Burgundy and France, becoming chancellor to Philip the Good (Philip III, Duke of Burgundy).	Nicolas Rolin	France
country of citizenship	Kajetan Kryszkiewicz (born 1908, date of death unknown) was a Polish football player, who represented Warta Poznań and also capped twice for the national team of Poland without scoring any goals.	Kajetan Kryszkiewicz	Poland
country of citizenship	Ole Peter Riis Høegh (also Ole Petter Riis Høegh, often simply Peter Høegh; July 27, 1806 -- March 1, 1852) was one of Norway's first trained civilian architects and was Bergen's first town surveyor.	Ole Peter Riis Høegh	Norway
country of citizenship	Police Commissioner Habu Daura was acting Administrator of Bayelsa State, Nigeria, holding office from February to June 1997 during the military regime of General Sani Abacha.	Habu Daura	Nigeria
country of citizenship	Sheikh Dr. Fathi Yakan (February 9, 1933 -- June 13, 2009) was an Islamic cleric who held a seat in the parliament of Lebanon in 1992.	Fathi Yakan	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Amalie Iuel was born in Denmark to a Danish mother and a Danish-Norwegian father; the family moved to Norway when she was two, and she spent most of her childhood there.	Amalie Iuel	Denmark
country of citizenship	Hamideh Abbasali (Persian: حمیده عباسعلی‎, born 14 March, 1990 in Rey, Iran) is an Iranian karateka.	Hamideh Abbasali	Iran
country of citizenship	Takanori Suzuki (鈴木 尚典, born April 10, 1972 in Hamamatsu, Japan) is a former Nippon Professional Baseball outfielder.	Takanori Suzuki	Japan
country of citizenship	Arno Ros (born 18 December 1942 in Hamburg) is a German philosopher and Professor of Theoretical Philosophy at the Otto-von-Guericke University Magdeburg in Magdeburg, Germany.	Arno Ros	Germany
country of citizenship	Rasul Jafarov (Azerbaijani: Rəsul Ağahəsən oğlu Cəfərov) - (born August 17, 1984) is a lawyer and prominent human rights defender in Azerbaijan.	Rasul Jafarov	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	María Fernanda Campo Saavedra was the Minister of Education of Colombia until August 2014.	María Fernanda Campo Saavedra	Colombia
country of citizenship	Vilhelm Rasmus Andreas Andersen was born on 16 October 1864 in Nordrup at Ringsted in the Slagelse Municipality of Denmark, son of Frederik Vilhelm Andersen.	Vilhelm Andersen	Denmark
country of citizenship	Knut Schreiner (born in Bergen, Norway, on 18 December 1974), is a Norwegian singer, musician and producer currently residing in Oslo.	Knut Schreiner	Norway
country of citizenship	Alexander Peebles (10 January 1856 -- 11 April 1934) was a New Zealand carrier, bush contractor, prospector, mine manager, farmer, local politician and businessman.	Alexander Peebles	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Jannet Alegría Peña (born August 30, 1987 in San Juan del Río, Mexico) is Mexican taekwondo practitioner.	Jannet Alegría	Mexico
country of citizenship	Juan Moreira (? - April, 1874) is a well-known figure in the history of Argentina, an outlaw, gaucho and folk-hero, he was indeed one of the most renowned Argentinian rural bandits.	Juan Moreira	Argentina
country of citizenship	Enrique Santiago Petracchi (16 November 1935, Buenos Aires -- 12 October 2014) was an Argentine lawyer, judge and a member of Supreme Court of Justice of Argentina since 1983.	Enrique Santiago Petracchi	Argentina
country of citizenship	Anna Gornostaj (born February 23, 1960, born Warsaw, Poland) is a Polish actress.	Anna Gornostaj	Poland
country of citizenship	Abdullah Yaqta, also known as Abdullah Yaftali (6 May 1914 -- 17 July 2003) was an interim Prime Minister of Afghanistan from 11 October to 1 November 1967.	Abdullah Yaqta	Afghanistan
country of citizenship	Sadashivrao Dadoba Mandlik (born 7 October 1934 - died 10 March 2015) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India from Kolhapur.	Sadashivrao Dadoba Mandlik	India
country of citizenship	Born in 1973, near Paris, France, multimedia artist Stéphane Blanquet is a prolific figure in the contemporary art scene since the end of the 1980s	Stéphane Blanquet	France
country of citizenship	Nicolas Armindo (born 8 March 1982) is a race car driver born in Colmar, France.	Nicolas Armindo	France
country of citizenship	Salvatore Rossi (born January 6, 1949) is an Italian economist, Senior Deputy Governor of the Bank of Italy and President of the Italian Insurance Supervisory Authority.	Salvatore Rossi	Italy
country of citizenship	Martin Andermatt (born 21 November 1961 in Baar, Switzerland) is a Swiss football manager who coaches AC Bellinzona.	Martin Andermatt	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Juan Arcocha, born in Santiago de Cuba in 1927,was a Cuban journalist and writer active in the late 20th century.	Juan Arcocha	Cuba
country of citizenship	Deborah Priya Henry (born 21 July 1985), also known as Priya Emmanuel, is a Malaysian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Malaysia 2011 and Miss Malaysia World 2007.	Deborah Priya Henry	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Hồng Quang is the Vietnamese pastor and lawyer, general secretary and vice-president of the Mennonite Church in Vietnam, chairman of the Legal Committee of the Vietnam Evangelical Fellowship.	Nguyễn Hồng Quang	Vietnam
country of citizenship	As a journalist Michael Obert reports mainly from Africa and the Middle East and writes for a wide range of prestigious periodicals in Germany, Switzerland and Austria, such as Sueddeutsche Zeitung Magazin, GEO, ZEITmagazin, Die Zeit, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung.	Michael Obert	Germany
country of citizenship	Lieutenant General Joseph Boateng Danquah (born 7 July 1947) was the twenty-seventh Chief of Defence Staff (CDS) of the Ghana Armed Forces.	Joseph Boateng Danquah	Ghana
country of citizenship	Sara Troost, or Sara Ploos van Amstel (1732--1803) was an 18th-century painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Sara Troost	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Ragnar Søegaard is chairman of Ruter, the public transport authority for Oslo and Akershus, Norway.	Ragnar Søegaard	Norway
country of citizenship	Aloyse Raths (June 5, 1921 in Bissen, Luxembourg -- December 17, 2009) was a high member of the Luxembourgish Resistance during World War II. By profession, Raths was a school teacher.	Aloyse Raths	Luxembourg
country of citizenship	Per Arne Rikvold (born 4 October 1948 in Norway) is an academic physicist specializing in materials science, condensed-matter physics and computational science.	Per Arne Rikvold	Norway
country of citizenship	Patrece Charles-Freeman is a Jamaican public and environmental health consultant, as well as a political candidate with the Jamaica Labour Party (JLP).	Patrece Charles-Freeman	Jamaica
country of citizenship	Elías Fernández Albano (1845 - September 6, 1910) was a Chilean politician, who was acting president of Chile from August 6, 1910 until his death.	Elías Fernández Albano	Chile
country of citizenship	Shusuke Kaneko (金子修介, born 1955 in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese screenwriter and director, best known as the director of the Heisei Gamera trilogy and Godzilla, Mothra & King Ghidorah:	Shusuke Kaneko	Japan
country of citizenship	Jodie Dorday is a New Zealand actress, known for her appearances on the television series Xena:	Jodie Dorday	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Nabam Atum (born 15 March 1948) is a social activist from Arunachal Pradesh, India.	Nabam Atum	India
country of citizenship	Darwin Diengdoh Pugh (12 January 1927 -- 17 November 2008) was the first Khasi Chief Minister of Meghalaya state of Northeastern India.	Darwin Diengdoh Pugh	India
country of citizenship	Samuel Kmicic (b. 1625-1630, d. 1692) was a nobleman (szlachcic) from Grand Duchy of Lithuania in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.	Samuel Kmicic	Grand Duchy of Lithuania
country of citizenship	Cristiano Godano (1966 Fossano, Cuneo, Italy) is an Italian musician and author, known mostly as the frontman of the Italian band Marlene Kuntz.	Cristiano Godano	Italy
country of citizenship	Victor Edward Galway (24 May 1894--9 July 1960) was a New Zealand music academic, organist, conductor and composer.	Victor Edward Galway	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Thomas Hajek (born February 6, 1978 in Bratislava, Slovakia) is a Slovak-Canadian lacrosse player from St. Catharines, Ontario, who plays for the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League.	Thomas Hajek	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Freddie Portelli (born 5 May 1944 at St. Paul's Bay, Malta) is a Maltese singer and songwriter.	Freddie Portelli	Malta
country of citizenship	Blasius To Una (born 1925) was a musician from Papua New Guinea.	Blasius To Una	Papua New Guinea
country of citizenship	Murray Cammick is a New Zealand popular music journalist, photographer and record label founder.	Murray Cammick	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hussain Fadhel (born 9 October 1984 in Kuwait City, Kuwait) is a Kuwaiti footballer who currently plays for Al-Wahda on loan from Qadsia SC and also Kuwait national football team.	Hussain Fadhel	Kuwait
country of citizenship	Herman van der Mast (c. 1550 -- 1610) was a Dutch Renaissance painter from the Northern Netherlands.	Herman van der Mast	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Juan Esteban Lazo Hernández (born February 26, 1944 in Jovellanos) is a Cuban politician who has been the President of the National Assembly of People's Power, Cuba's parliament, since 2013.	Esteban Lazo Hernández	Cuba
country of citizenship	Helvi Mpingana Kondombolo, affectionately known as Kuku GwaKondo (March 1898--26 November 2008) was the mother of Namibian founding president Sam Nujoma and one of the oldest people of Namibia.	Helvi Mpingana Kondombolo	Namibia
country of citizenship	Frieder Nake (born December 16, 1938 in Stuttgart, Germany) is a mathematician, computer scientist, and pioneer of computer art. He is best known internationally for his contributions to the earliest manifestations of computer art, a field of computing that made its first public appearances with three small exhibitions in 1965.	Frieder Nake	Germany
country of citizenship	The Ten Tigers of Canton or Ten Tigers of Guangdong refers to a group of ten Chinese martial artists from Guangdong Province who lived around the 19th century during the Qing dynasty in China.	Ten Tigers of Canton	China
country of citizenship	Jorge Luis Ramos (born October 2, 1992 in Cartagena de Indias (Bolívar), Colombia) is a Colombian footballer.	Jorge Luis Ramos	Colombia
country of citizenship	Alangar Jayagovind (Known as Dr. A. Jayagovind) is an eminent Jurist, former Vice-chancellor, Director, Professor of International Trade Law at National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, India., and Visiting Professor at National Law University, Delhi.	Alangar Jayagovind	India
country of citizenship	Assan Musa Camara (21 April 1923 -- 15 September 2013) was a former politician from Gambia.	Assan Musa Camara	Gambia
country of citizenship	John Wolf Brennan (born 13 February 1954) is an Irish pianist, organist, melodica player, and composer based in Weggis, Switzerland.	John Wolf Brennan	Switzerland
country of citizenship	Felipe Neri Medina Valderas y Fernández de Córdova (born 1797) was President of Honduras 13--15 April 1839.	Felipe Neri Medina	Honduras
country of citizenship	Rawdon Christie is an English-New Zealand journalist.	Rawdon Christie	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Hannu, Hennu or Henenu was an Egyptian noble, serving as m-r-pr ``majordomo'' to Mentuhotep III in the 21st to 20th century BC. He reportedly re-opened the trade routes to Punt and Libya for the Middle Kingdom of Egypt.	Hannu	Egypt
country of citizenship	Anton Kavalewski (Belarusian: Антон Кавалеўскі; Russian: Антон Ковалевский (Anton Kovalevskiy); born 2 February 1986 in Magdeburg, East Germany) is a Belarusian professional footballer who is currently playing for Isloch Minsk Raion.	Anton Kavalewski	Germany
country of citizenship	Jean Baptiste Lolo (born 1798, date of death unknown), also known as St. Paul or Chief St. Paul, or Chief Lolo, was an employee and interpreter with the Hudson's Bay Company in pre-Confederation British Columbia, Canada.	Jean Baptiste Lolo	Canada
country of citizenship	George Edward Bonsor Saint Martin (Lille, France, 30 March 1855 -- 15 August 1930, Mairena del Alcor, Spain) was a French-born British archaeologist, historian, and painter who spent time in Spain painting and later as an archaeologist.	George Edward Bonsor Saint Martin	Spain
country of citizenship	Isaac Cookson (1679--1743) was the founder of Cookson Group, a United Kingdom-based materials technology businesses.	Isaac Cookson	United Kingdom
country of citizenship	Francisco Vicente Aguilera was a Cuban patriot born in Bayamo, Cuba on June 23, 1821.	Francisco Vicente Aguilera	Cuba
country of citizenship	Ivan Bella (born 25 May 1964 in Brezno, Czechoslovakia (now Slovakia)) is a Slovak Air Force officer who became the first Slovak citizen to fly in space.	Ivan Bella	Slovakia
country of citizenship	Omar Luis Martínez (born July 15, 1972 in Camagüey, Cuba) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic gold medalist.	Omar Luis	Cuba
country of citizenship	Tomohiro Nioka (二岡 智宏, born April 29, 1976 in Miyoshi, Hiroshima, Japan) is a Japanese professional baseball player for the Hokkaido Nippon-Ham Fighters.	Tomohiro Nioka	Japan
country of citizenship	Louise McKinney née Crummy (22 September 1868 -- 10 July 1931) was a provincial politician and women's rights activist from Alberta, Canada.	Louise McKinney	Canada
country of citizenship	Documents for inclusion monuments of architecture for the List of World Heritage Sites, UNESCO which became the first location in Azerbaijan to be classified as a World Heritage Site by UNESCO were prepared by Gulnara Mehmandarova:	Gulnara Mehmandarova	Azerbaijan
country of citizenship	Justice Dr Agha Rafiq Ahmed Khan was born on 23 August 1949 in Garhi Yasin in Shikarpur District of Sindh, Pakistan.	Agha Rafiq Ahmed Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Christian Ingebrigtsen (born 25 January 1977, Oslo, Norway) is a Norwegian singer-songwriter and musician.	Christian Ingebrigtsen	Norway
country of citizenship	Felix Dzerzhinsky was born on 11 September 1877 at the Dzerzhinovo family estate, about 15 km (9.3 mi) away from a small town of Ivyanets, in the Minsk Region, a part of the Russian Empire (today Belarus).	Felix Dzerzhinsky	Russian Empire
country of citizenship	Fábio Beretta Rossi, Jr. (born April 18, 1986 in São Paulo) is a racing driver from Brazil.	Fábio Beretta	Brazil
country of citizenship	Hemi Pititi Huata (c.1867--13 October 1954) was a New Zealand tribal leader and Anglican clergyman.	Hemi Pititi Huata	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Rana Khudadad Khan was a Pakistani politician, the President of Pakistan Muslim League (Punjab).	Rana Khudadad Khan	Pakistan
country of citizenship	Esteban Adrogué (September 2, 1815 -- 1903) was an Argentine citizen born in Buenos Aires and founder of the city of Adrogué in the southern part of Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Esteban Adrogué	Argentina
country of citizenship	Ammar Eloueini (born 1968 in Beirut, Lebanon) is an architect who established AEDS	Ammar Eloueini	Lebanon
country of citizenship	Altaf Fatima (Urdu: الطاف فاطمہ‎; born 1929 in Lucknow, British India) is an Urdu novelist, short-story writer, and teacher (specializing in Muhammad Iqbal).	Altaf Fatima	India
country of citizenship	Armando Bauche (born 5 August 1952) is a sailor from Mexico.	Armando Bauche	Mexico
country of citizenship	William Alfred Holman (18 September 1864 -- 1949) was a New Zealand architect and a member of the New Zealand Institute of Architects who designed prominent commercial and residential buildings in Auckland as well as Whangarei, Hamilton, Gisborne and Christchurch.	William Alfred Holman	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Subhash Sureshchandra Deshmukh (born 12 March 1957) is the member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India.	Subhash Sureshchandra Deshmukh	India
country of citizenship	Thomas Halbert (c.1808 -- 12 April 1865) was a New Zealand whaler, trader and founding father.	Thomas Halbert	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Ghafour Jahani (born June 19, 1951 in Bandar Anzali, Iran) is an Iranian football coach and former player.	Ghafour Jahani	Iran
country of citizenship	Amol Dighe is a Professor of Physics in Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India.	Amol Dighe	India
country of citizenship	Fred Wellington Bowen (May 23, 1877 in Newcastle, Ontario, Canada -- July 7, 1949) was a Canadian politician and farmer.	Fred Wellington Bowen	Canada
country of citizenship	Jerry Marcoss is a singer and composer of kawitry, mangaliba and salegy music of Madagascar.	Jerry Marcoss	Madagascar
country of citizenship	Vaishali Bankar is the fifty second and current mayor of Pune, in Maharashtra, India.	Vaishali Bankar	India
country of citizenship	Saint Paul of the Cross, originally named Paolo Francesco Danei, was born on 3 January 1694, in the town of Ovada, Piedmont, between Turin and Genoa in the Duchy of Savoy in northern Italy.	Paul of the Cross	Italy
country of citizenship	Guala Bicchieri was from a prominent family in Vercelli in northern Italy, in what is now the Italian region of Piedmont; his father, Manfredo de Bicheriis, was a consul of the city .	Guala Bicchieri	Italy
country of citizenship	Susanne Riesch (born 8 December 1987, in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Bavaria, Germany) is a former alpine ski racer.	Susanne Riesch	Germany
country of citizenship	Gunakhar Basyal (Nepali: गुणकेशर बस्याल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist).	Gunakhar Basyal	Nepal
country of citizenship	Roberto Savio (born in Rome, Italy, but also holding Argentine nationality) is a journalist, communication expert, political commentator, activist for social and climate justice and advocate of global governance.	Roberto Savio	Italy
country of citizenship	Martin of Opava, O.P., (died 1278) also known as Martin of Poland, was a 13th-century Dominican friar, bishop and chronicler.	Martin of Opava	Poland
country of citizenship	Cristian Sanavia (born February 27, 1975 in Piove di Sacco, Italy), is a professional boxer in the Super Middleweight (168lb) division.	Cristian Sanavia	Italy
country of citizenship	Rohan Taylor is the performance coach of the Nunawading Swimming Club based in Melbourne, Australia.	Rohan Taylor	Australia
country of citizenship	Woldemichael Abraha was the fourth Minister of Transport and Communications for Eritrea starting in 2004.	Woldemichael Abraha	Eritrea
country of citizenship	Grethe Bartram grew up in a poor household, the second of 8 children and both her parents were members of the Communist Party of Denmark (DKP), as were the social circles of the family.	Grethe Bartram	Denmark
country of citizenship	Luc Sindjoun (born 31 March 1964) is a professor of Political Science at University of Yaoundé, Cameroon and head of the Political Sciences Department since 2005.	Luc Sindjoun	Cameroon
country of citizenship	Anthony Konings (24 August 1821 in Helmond, Netherlands -- 30 June 1884) was a Redemptorist professor, who wrote works of theology which influenced Catholic life in late nineteenth century America.	Anthony Konings	Netherlands
country of citizenship	Bernard Croisile, neurologist and neuropsychologist, has been the Chair of the Neuropsychology Department at the Neurological Hospital of Lyon, France, since 1992.	Bernard Croisile	France
country of citizenship	Paul Kozlicek (22 July 1937; Vienna, Austria -- 26 November 1999; Sevilla, Spain) is a former Austrian football player.	Paul Kozlicek	Austria
country of citizenship	Birger Sellin (born 1 February 1973) was the first functionally non-verbal person with autism to become a published author in Germany.	Birger Sellin	Germany
country of citizenship	Nguyễn Thùy Lâm (born September 10, 1987 in Thái Bình, Vietnam) is a Vietnamese singer and actress, and was the winner of the Miss Vietnam Universe 2008 contest on May 31, 2008.	Nguyễn Thùy Lâm	Vietnam
country of citizenship	Kostas Salapasidis (born 1 July 1978, in Australia) is an Australian former football (soccer) player.	Kostas Salapasidis	Australia
country of citizenship	Bonnie Soper (born in Invercargill, New Zealand in 1984) is a New Zealand film and television actress.	Bonnie Soper	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Shamil Abbyasov (born 16 April 1957) is a retired athlete, who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan.	Shamil Abbyasov	Kyrgyzstan
country of citizenship	Glen Roy Rohrer was a United States Army Sergeant First Class, who in August 1965 defected into communist Czechoslovakia and was subsequently used as a propaganda puppet by its communist regime.	Glen Roy Rohrer	Czechoslovakia
country of citizenship	Jānis Ozols (born 1 November 1980 in Riga, Latvia) is a Latvian choral conductor, television personality, gastronomy blogger and former member of vocal group Cosmos.	Jānis Ozols	Latvia
country of citizenship	Dragoljub Đuričić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгољуб Ђуричић) is a Belgrade, Serbia-based Montenegrin musician.	Dragoljub Đuričić	Serbia
country of citizenship	M. R. K. Panneerselvam was the minister for Health in Tamil Nadu state of India.	M. R. K. Panneerselvam	India
country of citizenship	Dawn Martin (born 1976 in Dundalk) is an Irish singer who represented Ireland in the 1998 Eurovision Song Contest.	Dawn Martin	Ireland
country of citizenship	Keita Cline (born 29 November 1974) is an athlete who represented the British Virgin Islands.	Keita Cline	British Virgin Islands
country of citizenship	John Yule (November 21, 1812 -- November 27, 1886) was a seigneur and political figure in Canada East.	John Yule	Canada
country of citizenship	Andreas Stihl (November 10, 1896, in Zürich, Switzerland; † January 14, 1973 in Rohrbronn, Baden-Württemberg, Germany) was an engineer and important inventor in the area of chainsaws, and the founder of Andreas Stihl AG & Company.	Andreas Stihl	Switzerland	Germany
country of citizenship	Hathloul bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (1942 - 29 September 2012) was a senior prince of the House of Saud, and a member of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's Allegiance Council.	Hathloul bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	Saudi Arabia
country of citizenship	Elena Quinteros (Montevideo, Uruguay, on September 9, 1945 - missing from 1976), school teacher arrested and killed during the civic - military Uruguayan dictatorship.	Elena Quinteros	Uruguay
country of citizenship	Gaby Deslys (4 November 1881 -- 11 February 1920) was a singer and actress of the early 20th century from Marseilles, France.	Gaby Deslys	France
country of citizenship	Robert Heaton Rhodes (1815 -- 1 June 1884) was a New Zealand politician, who represented the Akaroa electorate from 1871 to 1874, when he resigned.	Robert Heaton Rhodes	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Achmad Hasyim Muzadi (born August 8, 1944 in Tuban, East Java) is the Chairman of Nahdlatul Ulama, the largest Islamic organization in Indonesia.	Hasyim Muzadi	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Katja Eichinger (born 20 April 1971 in Kassel, Germany, as Katja Hofmann) is a German author and film producer.	Katja Eichinger	Germany
country of citizenship	Ratu Sir Josaia Tavaiqia (1931 -- 17 November 1997) was a Fijian chief and politician, who served as one of two Vice-President of Fiji from 1990 until his death in 1997.	Josaia Tavaiqia	Fiji
country of citizenship	Justine De Jonckheere (born 24 March 1992) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2011 and represented her country in the Miss Universe 2011 and Miss World 2011 pageants.	Justine De Jonckheere	Belgium
country of citizenship	Wittaya Madlam (Thai: วิทยา หมัดหลำ, born 6 October 1985), simply known as Ya (Thai: ยา), is a professional footballer from Thailand.	Wittaya Madlam	Thailand
country of citizenship	Sylvaine Duban (born 9 June 1949 in Saint-Étienne, France) is a former French figure skater who competed in ladies singles.	Sylvaine Duban	France
country of citizenship	Jean Allemane was born into a working-class family in Sauveterre-de-Comminges (Haute-Garonne) in southern France.	Jean Allemane	France
country of citizenship	Rhenald Kasali (born in Jakarta, August 13, 1960) is an academic and business practitioner from Indonesia.	Rhenald Kasali	Indonesia
country of citizenship	Monica Geingos (born Monica Kalondo in 1977 ) is a Namibian entrepreneur, lawyer, and First Lady of Namibia since 2015.	Monica Geingos	Namibia
country of citizenship	Mehdi Kazemi (مهدی کاظمی, born 1989) is a gay Iranian who is wanted in Iran for sodomy.	Mehdi Kazemi	Iran
country of citizenship	Robin Sutcliffe Allan (7 September 1900 -- 5 July 1966) was a New Zealand geologist and university professor .	Robin Sutcliffe Allan	New Zealand
country of citizenship	Juan José Estrada Morales (1872, Managua -- 11 July 1947) was the President of Nicaragua from 30 August 1910 to 9 May 1911.	Juan José Estrada	Nicaragua
country of citizenship	Aristóbulo Istúriz Almeida (born 20 December 1946) is a Venezuelan politician and academic who has been Vice President of Venezuela since January 2016.	Aristóbulo Istúriz	Venezuela
country of citizenship	Jo Matumoto (born February 5, 1971 in São Paulo, Brazil) is a Brazilian former professional baseball player.	Jo Matumoto	Brazil
country of citizenship	Wong Chen (simplified Chinese: 黄基全; traditional Chinese: 黃基全; pinyin: Huáng Jī Quán; born 18 December 1968) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Kelana Jaya constituency in Selangor.	Wong Chen	Malaysia
country of citizenship	Tamee Harrison (born 23 April 1979) is an Austrian singer Born in Perth, Western Australia, at age 6 she moved to Vienna in Austria where she continued her schooling and also started to model and act in commercials and small TV roles.	Tamee Harrison	Australia
country of citizenship	Andrey Ponochevny (Belarusian: Андрэй Паначэўны) is a prize-winning pianist born in Minsk, Belarus on December 31, 1976.	Andrey Ponochevny	Belarus
country of citizenship	Rita De Bont (born 29 July 1954 in Vilvoorde, Belgium) is a Belgian politician of the Vlaams Belang (a party of the far right that advocates Flemish independence).	Rita De Bont	Belgium
country of citizenship	Đặng Khánh Lâm (born 23 January 1984) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Midfielder for V-League club Hai Phong F.C. and the Vietnam national football team.	Đặng Khánh Lâm	Vietnam
country of origin	Salami Aleikum is a 2009 Comedy film by Ali Samadi Ahadi about an Iranian migrant family in Germany who try to cope with life in exile.	Salami Aleikum	Germany
country of origin	Luigi Marchionni's subsequent play, La figlia dell’esiliato, ossia Otto mesi in due ore (The Daughter of the Exile, or Eight Months in Two Hours), first performed in Italy in 1820, was the more immediate basis for Gilardoni's libretto.	Otto mesi in due ore	Italy
country of origin	Musi-Video was a music video series which ran in Canada between 1980 and 1984, syndicated to community channels across Canada.	Musi-Video	Canada
country of origin	The 2010 Golden Awards was an awards ceremony held in Malaysia.	2010 Golden Awards	Malaysia
country of origin	Set in Tel Aviv, Say Amen explores the varying ideologies regarding homosexuality that are present in Israel today.	Say Amen	Israel
country of origin	Sunday Live was a Sunday morning regional current affairs programme, broadcast on Scottish TV in Central Scotland and Grampian TV in the North (now both known as STV).	Sunday Live	Scotland
country of origin	The Life of Birds is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough, first transmitted in the United Kingdom from 21 October 1998.	The Life of Birds	United Kingdom
country of origin	Observatório da Imprensa is broadcast on several public and educational radio and television networks throughout Brazil.	Observatório da Imprensa	Brazil
country of origin	The film is ''A Woman's Decision,`` by Krzysztof Zanussi, who was already Poland's best director and now graduates to grandmaster class.''	A Woman's Decision	Poland
country of origin	Magda's Funny Bits was a television comedy featuring Magda Szubanski that was broadcast on the Nine Network, Australia in early 2006.	Magda's Funny Bits	Australia
country of origin	Fakty TVN (usually referred to simply as Fakty meaning ``The Facts'' in Polish) is the flagship newscast of TVN, one of Poland's major television networks.	Fakty TVN	Poland
country of origin	Dhundle Raste is Pakistan television mini-series featuring Vital Signs, a popular Pakistani pop music group.	Dhundle Raste	Pakistan
country of origin	Martin Mystery aired in Canada on YTV and Discovery Kids in English and on Vrak in French from 2003 until the series finale in 2006.	Martin Mystery	Canada
country of origin	Agni-III is an intermediate-range ballistic missile developed by India as the successor to Agni-II. It has a range of 3,500 km- 5,000 km, and is capable of engaging targets deep inside neighbouring countries.	Agni-III	India
country of origin	Mekupelet (Hebrew: מקופלת‎) (English name: Chocolate Log) is a bar of thinly folded milk chocolate produced in Israel since 1935 by 'Elite' now a subdivision of the Strauss Group.	Mekupelet	Israel
country of origin	Muling Buksan Ang Puso has captivated more viewers nationwide after it hit its all-time high national TV ratings of 30.4% on July 24, 2013 based on data from Kantar Media Philippines covering urban and rural homes nationwide.	Muling Buksan Ang Puso	Philippines
country of origin	David Golder was first published in France in 1929 and won instant acclaim for the 26-year-old author.	David Golder	France
country of origin	Casa Pierpiero is an Italian television sitcom airing on Disney Channel Italy.	Casa Pierpiero	Italy
country of origin	One Night in One City, also known as One Night in a City and One Night in the City (Czech: Jedné noci v jednom městě) is a stop-motion-animated feature-length black comedy horror film from the Czech Republic.	One Night in One City	Czech Republic
country of origin	Tahu goreng (Indonesian spelling) or Tauhu goreng (Malaysian and Singaporean spelling) is a dish of fried tofu commonly found in Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore.	Tahu goreng	Indonesia
country of origin	Perfect Creature is a New Zealand made horror/thriller film from 2007, written and directed by Glenn Standring and starring Saffron Burrows and Dougray Scott, set in an alternate universe New Zealand.	Perfect Creature	New Zealand
country of origin	Outbound Love (Chinese: 單戀雙城; literally ``Unrequited Love in Double Cities''), is a Hong Kong romantic comedy serial produced by TVB.	Outbound Love	Hong Kong
country of origin	Street Mobster, known in Japan as Gendai Yakuza:	Street Mobster	Japan
country of origin	Suburban Melody (Spanish:Melodía de arrabal) is a 1933 American Pre-Code musical film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and starring Imperio Argentina, Carlos Gardel and Vicente Padula.	Suburban Melody	Argentina
country of origin	A Dog in a Drawer successfully carries on the popular in Bulgaria ``Childhood genre'', developed in the 1970s by Mormarevi Brothers together with the present director Dimitar Petrov.	A Dog in a Drawer	Bulgaria
country of origin	Valientes (in Spanish, ``The braves'') is a telenovela from Argentina, aired by Canal 13 at the prime time and produced by Pol-Ka.	Valientes	Argentina
country of origin	Vettai was released in 650 screens worldwide on 15 January 2012 including 300 screens in Tamil Nadu, 250 screens in the rest of India, and about a 100 screens overseas.	Vettai	India
country of origin	Te Kāea (or News Te Kaea as written on television guides) is a New Zealand television news show that airs on Māori Television at 5:30pm every day.	Te Kāea	New Zealand
country of origin	Complete Failure, also known as ``ComFail'', is a hardcore punk band from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, United States of America.	Complete Failure	United States of America
country of origin	The Flying Doctors is an Australian drama series produced by Crawford Productions that revolved around the everyday lifesaving efforts of the real Royal Flying Doctor Service of Australia.	The Flying Doctors	Australia
country of origin	Pojken med guldbyxorna (``The Boy with the Golden Trousers'') is a 1975 Swedish TV-series, based on an 1967 novel by Max Lundgren, that became very popular in Sweden and has since been shown numerous times on Swedish television.	Pojken med guldbyxorna	Sweden
country of origin	Sons of Ram is a 2012 Indian animated film created by ACK Animation Studios, and co-produced by Maya Digital Studios 3D with Cartoon Network India.	Sons of Ram	India
country of origin	Catupiry (Portuguese pronunciation: (katupiˈɾi)) is one of the most popular ``requeijão'' (creamy cheese) brands in Brazil.	Catupiry	Brazil
country of origin	Wedi 3 (After 3) was Welsh television channel S4C's daily magazine programme featuring specialties from around Wales.	Wedi 3	Wales
country of origin	Silent But Deadly is a Canadian 2011 feature film which was filmed at Chatham-Kent, Ontario, Canada although it takes place in Louisiana.	Silent But Deadly	Canada
country of origin	Benny's Bathtub received a special Bodil Award for animated film in 1971 and is one of the ten films chosen for Denmark's cultural canon by the Danish Ministry of Culture.	Benny's Bathtub	Denmark
country of origin	The Trucks went on to become a popular band in the Northwest music scene, opening for such acts as Federation X, Pretty Girls Make Graves, Deadboy and the Elephantmen, Harvey Danger, and The Presidents of the United States of America.	The Trucks	United States of America
country of origin	Like its predecessor Don't Lose Your Head, it does not have the words ``Carry On'' in its original title (although for screenings outside the United Kingdom it was known as Carry On In The Legion, and is alternatively titled Carry On ... Follow That Camel).	Follow That Camel	United Kingdom
country of origin	Harvest of Hate is a 1978 Australian film made for TV about Arab terrorists operating in South Australia.	Harvest of Hate	Australia
country of origin	Family Pack or Que faisaient les femmes pendant que l'homme marchait sur la lune? is a 2001 French-Belgium drama film, directed by Chris Vander Stappen.	Family Pack	Belgium
country of origin	Sky Radio launched in the Netherlands on September 30, 1988.	Sky Radio	Netherlands
country of origin	Grizzly Rage is a 2007 Canadian television horror film produced by RHI Entertainment that premiered in Canada on the video-on-demand channel Movie Central On Demand on June 7, 2007.	Grizzly Rage	Canada
country of origin	Let It Be Love, also known as 4 In Love, is a Hong Kong modern romance drama produced by TVB and starring Moses Chan, Charmaine Sheh, Kenny Wong and Elvina Kong.	Let It Be Love	Hong Kong
country of origin	From its founding until the 1900s-1910s, Lalique was one of France's foremost Art Nouveau jewellery designers.	Lalique	France
country of origin	Zombibi was released on 16 February 2012 in the Netherlands, where it grossed $302,777.	Zombibi	Netherlands
country of origin	It was first filmed in 1932 by Paul Czinner in two versions: in Germany as Dreaming Lips and in France as Mélo.	Mélo	France
country of origin	The Heat with Mark McEwan is a Canadian food and catering show produced by General Purpose Pictures which airs on Food Network in Canada.	The Heat with Mark McEwan	Canada
country of origin	Bellamy's People, also known as Bellamy's People of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, is a British comedy show first broadcast on BBC 2 as an eight episode series.	Bellamy's People	United Kingdom
country of origin	Thursday FC was an Australian sports variety television program which covered professional association football in Australia.	Thursday FC	Australia
country of origin	Hamro Team is a Nepalese television soap opera, telecasted in the Nepal on Kantipur Television.	Hamro Team	Nepal
country of origin	Clairin (French pronunciation: ​(klɛʁɛ̃); Haitian Creole: Kleren) is a distilled spirit made from cane sugar produced in Haiti, that undergoes the same distillation process as rhum, although less refined, and raw.	Clairin	Haiti
country of origin	Come In Spinner is an Australian novel by Dymphna Cusack and Florence James, originally published in 1951, and set in Sydney, Australia at the end of the second World War.	Come In Spinner	Australia
country of origin	ICAC Investigators 2009 (Traditional Chinese: 廉政行動2009; literally ``Upright Government Walk Movement 2009'') (Chinese: 廉政行動2009; Jyutping: lim4 zing3 haang4 dung6 2009) is the 2009 installment of the ICAC Investigator series, produced by Hong Kong Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) and RTHK.	ICAC Investigators 2009	Hong Kong
country of origin	Doki-Doki is a Japanese short film that addresses the themes of isolation and disconnectness amidst the crowded subways cars of Japan.	Doki-Doki	Japan
country of origin	Tortillitas de camarones are shrimp fritters from the province of Cádiz in Andalusia, Spain.	Tortillitas de camarones	Spain
country of origin	La Nouvelle Colonie was a failure, and Marivaux therefore edited and published it as La Colonie in the Mercure de France in 1750.	La Nouvelle Colonie	France
country of origin	The Place Without Limits (Spanish: El lugar sin límites, also released as Hell Without Limits) is a 1978 Mexican drama film directed by Arturo Ripstein, produced in Mexico and based on the 1966 novel of the same name written by Chilean José Donoso.	The Place Without Limits	Mexico
country of origin	Duhulu Malak is a 1976 Sinhalese language romance film directed by Vijaya Dharmasri that follows the lives of middle-class people in Sri Lanka.	Duhulu Malak	Sri Lanka
country of origin	Neighbours at War (2005--present) is a New Zealand reality series, screening on TV2.	Neighbours at War	New Zealand
country of origin	All five seasons of Stargate Atlantis were broadcast by the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States and The Movie Network in Canada.	Stargate Atlantis	Canada
country of origin	The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday (Italy:La famiglia Brambilla in vacanza) is a 1941 Italian comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Cesco Baseggio, Massimo Girotti and Elena Luber.	The Brambilla Family Go on Holiday	Italy
country of origin	George Dickel is a brand of Tennessee whiskey that is distilled, mellowed, and aged in Cascade Hollow, Tennessee, near Tullahoma.	George Dickel	Tennessee
country of origin	Cholermues or Cholermus is a traditional dish from the Canton of Obwalden in Central Switzerland.	Cholermus	Switzerland
country of origin	Its origins can be traced to the district of La Paz, Iloilo City in the Philippines, hence it is often referred to as La Paz Batchoy.	Batchoy	Philippines
country of origin	Fan Chan (Thai: แฟนฉัน, English: My Girl) is a 2003 Thai romantic film offering a nostalgic look back at the childhood friendship of a boy and girl growing up in a small town in Thailand in the 1980s.	Fan Chan	Thailand
country of origin	Son of the Shark (French: Le Fils du Requin) is a 1993 French film directed by Agnes Merlet, about two brothers, Martin (Ludovic Vandendaele) and Simon (Eric Da Silva), and their adventures as juvenile delinquents in the north of France.	Son of the Shark	France
country of origin	Mr. Arkadin (first released in Spain, 1955), known in Britain as Confidential Report, is a French-Spanish-Swiss coproduction film, written and directed by Orson Welles and shot in several Spanish locations, including Costa Brava, Segovia, Valladolid and Madrid.	Mr. Arkadin	Spain
country of origin	First held in 2009, Superstar K has increasingly gained more attention, considered the biggest audition program in South Korea.	Superstar K	South Korea
country of origin	Nisha Aur Uske Cousins (translation: Nisha and her cousins) was Hindi-language teen drama which aired on India's Star Plus channel.	Nisha Aur Uske Cousins	India
country of origin	Chakkikotha Chankaran is 1989 Malayalam comedy film, made in India, starring Jayaram and Urvashi.	Chakkikotha Chankaran	India
country of origin	Minny Pops is an Amsterdam-based new wave/electronic/art punk band, associated with the Ultra post-punk movement in the Netherlands and the Factory Records label in the UK.	Minny Pops	Netherlands
country of origin	The Faule Mette (German for Lazy Mette, alluding to the gun's rare deployment, difficult mobility, and limited loading and fire rate) or Faule Metze was a medieval supergun of the city of Brunswick, Germany.	Faule Mette	Germany
country of origin	Umagang Kay Ganda (Lit. A Beautiful Morning) is a morning show airing in the Philippines on ABS-CBN.	Umagang Kay Ganda	Philippines
country of origin	Sendokai Champions (known as Desafio Champions Sendokai in Spain) is a Spanish animated television series developed by Kotoc Produccions.	Sendokai Champions	Spain
country of origin	Koottukari or Koottu curry is a prominent dish in the ``Sadhya'' of Kerala, south India.	Koottukari	India
country of origin	Cowboy Who? was an original 45 episode children's television series in Canada, which aired in a half-hour Sunday morning timeslot between 1990 and 1994 on the MCTV system.	Cowboy Who?	Canada
country of origin	A review by The Times of India gave and said ``Lal Jose makes Ayalum Njanum Thammil highly lovable with his discreet choice of locale, interiors and an array of characters who make the film endearing...	Ayalum Njanum Thammil	India
country of origin	Kınalı Kar was a miniseries filmed in Bursa, Turkey from 2002 to 2004.	Kınalı Kar	Turkey
country of origin	Strike at Heart is a Hong Kong period wuxia television series based on Woon Swee Oan's novel, A Spear of Alarm produced by TVB.	Strike at Heart	Hong Kong
country of origin	The Decorating Adventures of Ambrose Price is a Canadian reality television series, which airs on HGTV in Canada and Logo in the United States.	The Decorating Adventures of Ambrose Price	Canada
country of origin	Hosted primarily by Sharon Lewis and Ziya Tong, ZeD publicized creative works from Canada and other countries, including a substantial portion of material created by viewers and new artists.	ZeD	Canada
country of origin	The Mirror Never Lies (also known by the Indonesian name Laut Bercermin, meaning The Ocean Reflects) is a 2011 Indonesian film directed by Kamila Andini and co-produced by Andini's father, Garin Nugroho, and former Miss Indonesia Nadine Chandrawinata.	The Mirror Never Lies	Indonesia
country of origin	Trojan Warrior grossed $88,059 at the box office in Australia.	Trojan Warrior	Australia
country of origin	Tiger Cubs II (Chinese: 飛虎II; literally ``flying tigers 2''), alternatively titled Special Duties Unit II, is a 2014 Hong Kong police procedural television drama produced by TVB under executive producer Lam Chi-wah.	Tiger Cubs II	Hong Kong
country of origin	After over thirty years, a brand new Mr Benn episode was screened for the first time on 1 January 2005, on the United Kingdom channel Noggin.	Mr Benn	United Kingdom
country of origin	Pizzelle were originally made in Ortona, in the Abruzzo region of central Italy.	Pizzelle	Italy
country of origin	The Kreuger family in Sweden originate from Johan Kröger (died 1739) from Germany, who immigrated to Kalmar in 1710.	Kreuger family	Sweden
country of origin	In Brazil Parmigiana is a popular dish at restaurants, this dish came with the Italian immigrants, the largest Italian colony outside of Italy is in Brazil.	Parmigiana	Italy
country of origin	Sajan Tum Jhuth Mat Bollo! is an Indian television sitcom that aired on SAB TV channel in India.	Sajan Tum Jhuth Mat Bollo	India
country of origin	Bobinogs (original Welsh title: Bobinogi) is a children's television programme, shown most recently on CBeebies in the United Kingdom.	Bobinogs	United Kingdom
country of origin	Family Passions (German: Macht der Leidenschaft) was the first hour-long television serial produced in Canada and Germany.	Family Passions	Canada	Germany
country of origin	Canadian Club is a brand of whisky from Canada.	Canadian Club	Canada
country of origin	The Red Sense was first released in Australia in August 2008, and though banned for general release there, screened in Cambodia in December that year.	The Red Sense	Australia	Cambodia
country of origin	Amanda Sabater (1989) is a Venezuelan telenovela that was produced by and seen on Venezuela's Radio Caracas Televisión.	Amanda Sabater	Venezuela
country of origin	Star Knows My Heart (Chinese: 星星知我心; pinyin: Xīngxīng Zhī Wǒ Xīn) (1983) is a popular 40-episode TV series produced by Taiwan Television.	Star Knows My Heart	Taiwan
country of origin	Outside Greece, ``Greek salad'' may be a lettuce salad with Greek-inspired ingredients.	Greek salad	Greece
country of origin	The Raduga Kh-22 (Russian: Х-22; AS-4 'Kitchen') is a large, long-range anti-ship missile developed by the Soviet Union.	Kh-22	Soviet Union
country of origin	Big and Little Wong Tin Bar (Chinese: 大小黄天霸) also known as Seven Little Valiant Fighters (Chinese: 橫掃江南七霸天)/Two of a Kind is a 1962 Hong Kong film.	Big and Little Wong Tin Bar	Hong Kong
creator	Saint Michael Fighting the Dragon is a woodcut of 1498 by Albrecht Dürer, part of an Apocalypse Book of Apocalypse or Revelation of St. John.	Saint Michael Fighting the Dragon	Albrecht Dürer
creator	Yininmadyemi - Thou didst let fall is a sculptural artwork by Indigenous Australian artist Tony Albert located in Hyde Park, Sydney.	Yininmadyemi - Thou didst let fall	Tony Albert
creator	Landscape with a Cottage and Trees (1646) is an oil on panel painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Jacob van Ruisdael.	Landscape with a Cottage and Trees	Jacob van Ruisdael
creator	The Portrait of the Vendramin Family is a painting by the Italian Renaissance master Titian, executed around 1543--1547.	Portrait of the Vendramin Family	Titian
creator	Mr. Bogus is a 1991 animated television series created by Voltron creator Peter Keefe, directed and produced by Tom Burton with Claudia Burton of Zodiac Entertainment, and was only aired in syndication from 1991 to 1993.	Mr. Bogus	Peter Keefe
creator	The Tomorrow People is a British children's science fiction television series, created by Roger Price.	The Tomorrow People	Roger Price
creator	Nurse Jackie was created by Liz Brixius, Linda Wallem, and Evan Dunsky.	Nurse Jackie	Linda Wallem
creator	Prison Break is an American television serial drama created by Paul Scheuring, that was broadcast on Fox for four seasons, from 2005 to 2009.	Prison Break	Paul Scheuring
creator	Super Roots 7 is the sixth installment in the Super Roots EP series by noise rock band Boredoms, released in 1998 by Warner Music Japan.	Super Roots 7	Boredoms
creator	The Nanny is an American television sitcom originally aired on CBS from 1993 to 1999, starring Fran Drescher as Fran Fine, a Jewish Queens native who becomes the nanny of three children from the New York/British high society.	The Nanny	Fran Drescher
creator	Ashes and Snow by Canadian artist Gregory Colbert is an installation of photographic artworks, films, and a novel in letters that travels in the Nomadic Museum, a temporary structure built exclusively to house the exhibition.	Ashes and Snow	Gregory Colbert
creator	Verbotene Liebe (pronounced (fɛɐ̯ˈboːtənə ˈliːbə), lit. ``Forbidden Love'') is a German television soap opera created by Reg Watson for Das Erste.	Verbotene Liebe	Reg Watson
creator	The Mass at Bolsena is a painting by the Italian renaissance artist Raphael.	The Mass at Bolsena	Raphael
creator	Welcome Back, Kotter is an American sitcom starring Gabe Kaplan as a wisecracking, high school teacher in charge of a racially and ethnically diverse remedial class called the ``Sweathogs''.	Welcome Back, Kotter	Gabe Kaplan
creator	Created by Kevin Laffan, Emmerdale Farm was first broadcast on 16 October 1972.	Emmerdale	Kevin Laffan
creator	L'Absinthe (English: The Absinthe Drinker or Glass of Absinthe) is a painting by Edgar Degas.	L'Absinthe	Edgar Degas
creator	Annika Bengtzon is a fictional character in a Scandinavian noir book and film series created by the Swedish journalist, publisher and crime writer Liza Marklund.	Annika Bengtzon	Liza Marklund
creator	Flower of the Fields is an 1845 painting on wood by Lyon artist Louis Janmot.	Flower of the Fields	Louis Janmot
creator	The Railway, widely known as Gare Saint-Lazare, is an 1873 painting by Édouard Manet.	The Railway	Édouard Manet
creator	Happy Since I Met You is a television play written by Victoria Wood, and broadcast on ITV on 9 August 1981.	Happy Since I Met You	Victoria Wood
creator	The Siena Cathedral Pulpit is an octagonal structure in Siena Cathedral sculpted by Nicola Pisano and his assistants Arnolfo di Cambio, Lapo di Ricevuto, and Nicolas' son Giovanni Pisano between the fall of 1265 and the fall of 1268.	Siena Cathedral Pulpit	Nicola Pisano	Arnolfo di Cambio	Giovanni Pisano
creator	The Loves of Paris and Helen is a 1788 painting by Jacques-Louis David, showing Helen of Troy and Paris from Homer's Iliad.	The Loves of Paris and Helen	Jacques-Louis David
creator	The Knitting Girl (French: La Couseuse) is a painting created by nineteenth century French artist William-Adolphe Bouguereau in 1869.	The Knitting Girl	William-Adolphe Bouguereau
creator	In the dull village is an etching and aquatint print made by David Hockney in 1966, one of series of illustrations for a selection of Greek poems written by Constantine P. Cavafy.	In the dull village	David Hockney
creator	Standard Portable Intermediate Representation (SPIR) is an intermediate language for parallel compute and graphics by Khronos Group, originally developed for use with OpenCL.	Standard Portable Intermediate Representation	Khronos Group
creator	Super Roots 3 is the third installment of the Super Roots EP series by Japanese experimental band Boredoms.	Super Roots 3	Boredoms
creator	The Adventures of Blinky Bill is an Australian animated television series based on Dorothy Wall's books about Blinky Bill.	The Adventures of Blinky Bill	Dorothy Wall
creator	The Santa Lucia de' Magnoli Altarpiece (Italian: Pala di Santa Lucia de' Magnoli) is a painting by the Italian painter Domenico Veneziano, dated to around 1445--1447.	Santa Lucia de' Magnoli Altarpiece	Domenico Veneziano
creator	Flowering Orchards is a series of paintings which Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh executed in Arles, in southern France in the spring of 1888.	Flowering Orchards	Vincent van Gogh
creator	The Poet Reclining (Le Poète allongé) is a painting by Marc Chagall, painted in oils in 1915.	The Poet Reclining	Marc Chagall
creator	Feast in the House of Simon the Pharisee, also known as Christ in the Home of Simon the Pharisee, is a painting by Peter Paul Rubens.	Feast in the House of Simon the Pharisee	Peter Paul Rubens
creator	The Gypsy Girl (sometimes erroneously referred to as Malle Babbe) is a painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Frans Hals, painted in 1628 and now in the Louvre Museum.	The Gypsy Girl	Frans Hals
creator	The Caress of a Bird (correctly La Caresse d'un oiseau) is a 1967 sculpture by Joan Miró made at his studio in Palma de Mallorca.	The Caress of a Bird	Joan Miró
creator	The Stanford bunny is a computer graphics 3D test model developed by Greg Turk and Marc Levoy in 1994 at Stanford University.	Stanford bunny	Greg Turk	Marc Levoy
creator	August Blue is an oil-on-canvas painting by British artist Henry Scott Tuke.	August Blue	Henry Scott Tuke
creator	Nonviolent Communication (abbreviated NVC, also called Compassionate Communication or Collaborative Communication) is a communication process developed by Marshall Rosenberg beginning in the 1960s.	Nonviolent Communication	Marshall Rosenberg
creator	Dwelling in the Fuchun Mountains (Chinese: 富春山居圖) is one of the few surviving works by the painter Huang Gongwang (1269--1354) and it is considered to be among his greatest works.	Dwelling in the Fuchun Mountains	Huang Gongwang
creator	Niagara Falls, from the American Side is a painting by the American artist Frederic Edwin Church (1826--1900).	Niagara Falls, from the American Side	Frederic Edwin Church
creator	Walking to the Sky is a public sculpture by Jonathan Borofsky.	Walking to the Sky	Jonathan Borofsky
creator	The Quantum Cloud is a contemporary sculpture, designed by Antony Gormley, located next to the Millennium Dome in London.	Quantum Cloud	Antony Gormley
creator	Sœur Thérèse.com is a French televised legal drama that ran on TF1 from September 30, 2002, until May 16, 2011, and was created by Michel Blanc.	Sœur Thérèse.com	Michel Blanc
creator	In the Hanna-Barbera Personal Favorites video, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera picked their favorite Yogi Bear episodes, including the very first one, ``Yogi Bear's Big Break'', and Yogi meeting some storybook friends:	Yogi Bear	William Hanna
creator	Created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, Lex Luthor first appeared in Superman (comic book) #4 (March 1940) and has since endured as the archenemy of Superman.	Lex Luthor	Jerry Siegel
creator	The Flight of Europa is a bronze Art Deco sculpture created by American artist Paul Manship in 1925.	The Flight of Europa	Paul Manship
creator	Monumental Head is a 1960 bronze sculpture by Alberto Giacometti, installed at the Hirshhorn Museum and Sculpture Garden in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	Monumental Head	Alberto Giacometti
creator	King Gustav III of Sweden and his Brothers is an oil painting by the Swedish portrait painter Alexander Roslin showing Gustav with his two brothers, Prince Frederick Adolf and Prince Charles, later Charles XIII of Sweden.	King Gustav III of Sweden and his Brothers	Alexander Roslin
creator	Don Camillo (ˈdɔŋ kaˈmillo) is a character created by the Italian writer and journalist Giovannino Guareschi, based on a Roman Catholic priest, World War II partisan and detainee of the concentration camps of Dachau and Mauthausen, Don Camillo Valota.	Don Camillo	Giovannino Guareschi
creator	Hezar Dastan (Persian: هزاردستان‎‎, also Romanized as Hezār Dastān) (1979-1987) is a highly popular TV series in Iran directed by Ali Hatami.	Hezar Dastan	Ali Hatami
creator	The Fantastic Four was the first superhero team created by writer-editor Stan Lee and artist/co-plotter Jack Kirby, who developed a collaborative approach to creating comics with this title that they would use from then on.	Fantastic Four	Stan Lee	Jack Kirby
creator	Naked Woman Climbing a Staircase (originally in French Femme nue montant l'escalier) is a drawing done with pencil and charcoal on card made by Joan Miró in 1937.	Naked Woman Climbing a Staircase	Joan Miró
creator	Drawing Hands is a lithograph by the Dutch artist M. C. Escher first printed in January 1948.	Drawing Hands	M. C. Escher
creator	Chewin' the Fat was a Scottish comedy sketch show, starring Ford Kiernan, Greg Hemphill and Karen Dunbar.	Chewin' the Fat	Greg Hemphill
creator	Antoine Doinel is a fictional character created by French film director François Truffaut.	Antoine Doinel	François Truffaut
creator	Feature integration theory is a theory of attention developed in 1980 by Anne Treisman and Garry Gelade that suggests that when perceiving a stimulus, features are ``registered early, automatically, and in parallel, while objects are identified separately'' and at a later stage in processing.	Feature integration theory	Anne Treisman	Garry Gelade
creator	The Comte de Rochefort is a secondary fictional character in Alexandre Dumas' d'Artagnan Romances.	Comte de Rochefort	Alexandre Dumas
creator	Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds was created by the joint production of BRB Internacional of Spain and Japanese studio Nippon Animation.	Dogtanian and the Three Muskehounds	BRB Internacional
date of birth	Deborah Alcock (1835--1913) is best known as the author of historical fiction on religious themes.	Deborah Alcock	1835
date of birth	Elli Mücke (born 1981 or 1978 ) is a German singer.	Elli Mücke	1981
date of birth	Volha Krautsova (Belarusian: Вольга Краўцова; born 25 June 1981) is a Belarusian long-distance runner who specializes in the 5000 metres.	Volha Krautsova	25 June 1981
date of birth	Charles Russen (1850 -- 11 December 1914) was an English-born Australian politician.	Charles Russen	1850
date of birth	Sir Charles Bunbury, 4th Baronet (9 February 1708 -- 10 April 1742) was a British politician.	Sir Charles Bunbury, 4th Baronet	9 February 1708
date of birth	Lee Ellison (born 13 January 1973) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Darlington, Hartlepool United, Leicester City, Crewe Alexandra and Hereford United.	Lee Ellison	13 January 1973
date of birth	Dom Tyson (born 8 June 1993) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Dom Tyson	8 June 1993
date of birth	Shazia Hidayat (born 4 April 1976) is a Pakistani former track and field athlete.	Shazia Hidayat	4 April 1976
date of birth	Nick Movshon (born 1982) is a bass guitarist, drummer and producer.	Nick Movshon	1982
date of birth	Peter Parfitt (born Peter Howard Parfitt, 8 December 1936, Billingford, Breckland, Norfolk, England) is an English former cricketer.	Peter Parfitt	8 December 1936
date of birth	Stamata Revithi (Greek: Σταμάτα Ρεβίθη; 1866 -- after 1896) was a Greek woman who ran the 40-kilometre marathon during the 1896 Summer Olympics.	Stamata Revithi	1866
date of birth	Elkin Reilly (born 4 February 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer, representing South Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Elkin Reilly	4 February 1939
date of birth	Clara Angela Macirone (20 January 1821 -- 1895) was an English pianist and composer who published her music as C. A. Macirone.	Clara Angela Macirone	20 January 1821
date of birth	Vera Isaku born in March 1955 is and Albanian journalist, writer and director of institutions.	Vera Isaku	1955
date of birth	Stelios Tsoukanis (Greek: Στέλιος Τσουκάνης, born 27 February 1990) is a professional Greek footballer currently playing as a Left Back.	Stelios Tsoukanis	27 February 1990
date of birth	James Douglas, 7th Earl of Douglas, 1st Earl of Avondale (1371 -- 24 March 1443), latterly known as James the Gross, and prior to his ennoblement as James of Balvenie, was a late mediaeval Scottish magnate.	James Douglas, 7th Earl of Douglas	1371
date of birth	Brian Michael Jenkins, born in 1942 in Chicago, is an expert on terrorism and transportation security.	Brian Michael Jenkins	1942
date of birth	Mike Parr (born 1945) is an Australian performance artist and printmaker.	Mike Parr	1945
date of birth	Yasunori Miyoshi, (三好保徳 Miyoshi Yasunori) born 17 April 1909 and died 19 April 1995, was a Japanese zoologist, ichthyologist, and myriapodologist.	Yasunori Miyoshi	17 April 1909
date of birth	Sven-Harry Åkesson, born March 12, 1940, is an automobile designer from Sweden.	Sven-Harry Åkesson	1940
date of birth	Alfredo Fortabat (1894 -- January 19, 1976) was a prominent Argentine industrialist.	Alfredo Fortabat	1894
date of birth	John Arquilla (born 1954) is an American analyst and academic of international relations.	John Arquilla	1954
date of birth	Craig Gottlieb (born 1971) is an American militaria and antique dealer, writer and historian.	Craig Gottlieb	1971
date of birth	Iulian Tameș (born 6 December 1978) is a Romanian footballer who is currently a Free agent.	Iulian Tameș	6 December 1978
date of birth	Eve Langley (1 September 1904 -- circa 1 June 1974), born Ethel Jane Langley, was an Australian-New Zealand novelist and poet.	Eve Langley	1 September 1904
date of birth	Ianna Andreadis (born 1960 in Athens) is a Greek-origin artist and photographer who has created many books, published in France and Mexico, as well as international projects with worldwide participation.	Ianna Andreadis	1960
date of birth	Jenna Blum (born c. 1970) is an American writer notable for her novels Those Who Save Us and The Stormchasers.	Jenna Blum	1970
date of birth	Richard Gilbert West FRS (born 31 May 1926) is a British botanist, geologist and palaeontologist.	Richard Gilbert West	31 May 1926
date of birth	Trần Thiếu Đế (born 1396, date of death unknown), given name Trần An, was the twelfth and the last emperor of the Trần Dynasty who reigned over Đại Việt from 1398 to 1400.	Trần Thiếu Đế	1396
date of birth	Myolie Wu Hang-yee (born 6 November 1979), is a Hong Kong actress and singer.	Myolie Wu	6 November 1979
date of birth	Malcolm Jones III (1959--1996) was an American comic book artist best known as an inker on The Sandman, where he added his illustrative line and textures to the work of pencillers such as Mike Dringenberg, Kelley Jones, and Colleen Doran.	Malcolm Jones III	1959
date of birth	Jack Keoghan (1888-?) was a famous Irish sportsperson.	Jack Keoghan	1888
date of birth	Pierre Flor (25 September 1775 -- 8 April 1848) was a Norwegian politician, editor and military officer.	Pierre Flor	25 September 1775
date of birth	Saad Assis (born 26 October 1979), is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for FC Barcelona Futsal as an Ala. Saad Assis has been a member of the Italian national futsal team.	Saad Assis	26 October 1979
date of birth	Anita Lasker-Wallfisch (born Anita Lasker; 17 July 1925, Breslau, Germany) is a cellist, and a surviving member of the Women's Orchestra in Auschwitz.	Anita Lasker-Wallfisch	17 July 1925
date of birth	Roger Blonder is an independent animator and educator born in 1967 in Los Angeles, California.	Roger Blonder	1967
date of birth	Charles Ernest Nicholson (1868 - February 26, 1954) was a British yacht designer.	Charles Ernest Nicholson	1868
date of birth	Stephan Eicher (Born 17 August 1960) is a Swiss singer.	Stephan Eicher	17 August 1960
date of birth	Satyr (born Sigurd Wongraven on 28 November 1975) is the vocalist, lead and rhythm guitarist, bassist, and keyboardist for the Norwegian black metal band Satyricon.	Sigurd Wongraven	28 November 1975
date of birth	Christopher Frey (German: (fʀaɪ); born 1959, Bonn, West Germany) is a German writer.	Christopher Frey	1959
date of birth	Carole Angier (born 30 October 1943) is an English biographer.	Carole Angier	30 October 1943
date of birth	Fábio Kolling, nickname Pinho (born 9 October 1985) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for São Luiz.	Fábio Kolling	9 October 1985
date of birth	Octavian Grigore (15 July 1964) is a retired Romanian football player.	Octavian Grigore	15 July 1964
date of birth	Chandrakant Singh (born 17 July 1974) is an Indian director and producer who has directed Hindi films such as Rama Rama Kya Hai Dramaaa.	Chandrakant Singh	17 July 1974
date of birth	Edson de Castro (born 1938) is a computer engineer perhaps best known for designing the Data General Nova series of computers.	Edson de Castro	1938
date of birth	Anabela Atijas (née Bukva, born 26 January 1975), known mononymously as Anabela is a Serbian pop singer.	Anabela Atijas	26 January 1975
date of birth	André Kuipers (Dutch: (ˈɑndreː ˈkœy̯pərs); born 5 October 1958) is a Dutch physician and ESA astronaut.	André Kuipers	5 October 1958
date of birth	Ken MacKinnon was born in the London Docklands in 1933 to parents whose families came from the Scottish Isle of Arran and Northern Ireland.	Ken MacKinnon	1933
date of birth	Renee Marie Bumb (born 1960) is a district judge for the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey.	Renee Marie Bumb	1960
date of birth	Mark Burrier (born 6 May 1979) is an American cartoonist and illustrator.	Mark Burrier	6 May 1979
date of birth	Murray McDowell (born 17 February 1978) is a Scottish professional footballer, who currently plays as a striker for Kelty Hearts in the Scottish Junior Football Association, East Region.	Murray McDowell	17 February 1978
date of birth	Dan Tana (born Dobrivoje Tanasijevic in 1933) is an American restaurateur and former professional footballer from Serbia.	Dan Tana	1933
date of birth	Bapu Krishnarao Venkatesh Prasad (Kannada: ಬಾಪು ಕೃಷ್ಣರಾವ್‌ ವೆಂಕಟೇಶ್‌ ಪ್ರಸಾದ್‌) pronunciation (born 5 August 1969 in Bangalore, Karnataka) is a former Indian cricketer.	Venkatesh Prasad	5 August 1969
date of birth	Döwlet Baýramow, born 8 August 1985, is a Turkmenistani footballer who is a Midfielder.	Döwlet Baýramow	8 August 1985
date of birth	Ching-i Tu (simplified Chinese: 涂经诒; traditional Chinese: 涂經詒; pinyin: Tú Jīng-yí; born 13 May 1935 in Nanking, China) is an expert on classical Chinese poetry, Chinese intellectual history, Chinese hermeneutics, and cultural changes in modern East Asia.	Ching-i Tu	13 May 1935
date of birth	Gleb Savchenko (Russian: Глеб Савченко) (born 16 September 1983) is a Russian dancer and choreographer, and is currently a professional dancer on the BBC One dance series Strictly Come Dancing.	Gleb Savchenko	16 September 1983
date of birth	Omar Samra (born 11 August 1978) is an adventurer, mountaineer, entrepreneur, inspirational speaker and future astronaut.	Omar Samra	11 August 1978
date of birth	Francois Henry Willem Mohede (born 6 February 1976), known as Frans Mohede, is an Indonesian singer, actor and Muay-thai instructor.	Frans Mohede	6 February 1976
date of birth	Serin Murray (born 1981) is an Australian mixed martial artist.	Serin Murray	1981
date of birth	Thomas Zacharia (born 1957 in Kerala, India) is an Indian American computer scientist.	Thomas Zacharia	1957
date of birth	Prince Ahmed bin Fahd bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (born 9th of September 1986) is the third grandson of the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques; king Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud.	Ahmed bin Fahd bin Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud	September 1986
date of birth	Sara Malakul Lane (Thai: ซาร่า มาลากุล เลน; born 1 February 1983) is a Guam-born English-Thai actress and model who has appeared in a number of films over the past few years, most notably Jailbait and Sharktopus.	Sara Malakul Lane	1 February 1983
date of birth	Zhu Shen (Chinese: 朱深; pinyin: Zhū Shēn; Wade--Giles: Chu Shen; 1879 -- July 2, 1943) was a politician and public prosecutor in the Republic of China.	Zhu Shen	1879
date of birth	Ronald Max Hartwell (1921--2009) was an Australian-born economic historian of the British Industrial Revolution.	Ronald Max Hartwell	1921
date of birth	Thomas Lindh (1952--2013) was a well-known figure in Swedish economics, not least thanks to its combination of academic research and active citizenship.	Thomas Lindh	1952
date of birth	Jorge Luís da Silva, known as Luiz Fumanchu (born 1952) is a Brazilian former football striker.	Luiz Fumanchu	1952
date of birth	Helena Hill (1875-1958) was an American suffragist, and a member of the National Women's Party.	Helena Hill	1875
date of birth	Sir Thomas Newenham Deane (1828 -- 8 November 1899) was an Irish architect, the son of Sir Thomas Deane, and father of Sir Thomas Manly Deane, who were also architects.	Thomas Newenham Deane	1828
date of birth	Burhan Genç Koç (pronounced (ˈbuɾhɑn ˈɟentʃ)), known as Burhan G (born 20 June 1983), is a Danish R&B and pop singer, songwriter and producer.	Burhan G	20 June 1983
date of birth	Brian Goodman (born 1963 in the U.S.) is an American film and television director, writer, and actor.	Brian Goodman	1963
date of birth	Martin Plaza is the pseudonym of Martin Edward Murphy (born 1 January 1956), who is a vocalist/guitarist/songwriter with Australian pop/new wave band Mental As Anything.	Martin Plaza	1 January 1956
date of birth	Eric Bradbury (4 January 1921 -- May 2001) was a British comic artist who primarily worked for Amalgamated Press/IPC from the late 1940s to the 1990s.	Eric Bradbury	4 January 1921
date of birth	Claude Bloch (18 March 1923 -- 29 December 1971) was a French theoretical nuclear physicist.	Claude Bloch	18 March 1923
date of birth	Ian Hinchliffe (born 1952) is a British physicist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.	Ian Hinchliffe	1952
date of birth	Aurel Pantea (born 10 March 1952) is a Romanian poet and literary critic.	Aurel Pantea	10 March 1952
date of birth	Felix Kadlinský (1613--1675) was a Baroque author, translator, and Jesuit, from Bohemia.	Felix Kadlinský	1613
date of birth	P S Subramanyam (born in 1950, in Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh) is an Indian Aerospace Scientist and served as the Director of Aeronautical Development Agency.	P S Subramanyam	1950
date of birth	Hilton Langenhoven (born 21 June 1983) is a South African athlete and three time Paralympic Champion, competing mainly in category F12 (visual impairment) long jump events.	Hilton Langenhoven	21 June 1983
date of birth	Ralph Thompson MBE (3 June 1913 -- May 3, 2009) was an artist and book illustrator, who specialized in pen and ink sketches of animal subjects.	Ralph Thompson	3 June 1913
date of birth	Merete Skavlan (born 25 July 1920 in Kristiania) is a Norwegian actress, theatre instructor and director.	Merete Skavlan	25 July 1920
date of birth	Dugald Sutherland MacColl (10 March 1859 -- 21 December 1948) was a Scottish watercolour painter, art critic, lecturer and writer.	Dugald Sutherland MacColl	10 March 1859
date of birth	Stacy Levy (born 1960) is a sculptor who works in sculptural media suggestive of ecological natural patterns and processes such as water flows.	Stacy Levy	1960
date of birth	Loudy Wiggins (née Tourky) (born 7 July 1979) is an Australian diver.	Loudy Wiggins	7 July 1979
date of birth	Wolfgang Bientzle (born 31 October 1966) is a German wheel gymnastics acrobat.	Wolfgang Bientzle	31 October 1966
date of birth	Sikandar Adil Shah was placed on the throne of Bijapur in 1672 at four years of age.	Sikandar Adil Shah	1672
date of birth	Sima Samar (Persian: سیما سمر‎‎) (born 3 February 1957) is a well known woman's and human rights advocate, activist and a social worker within national and international forums, who served as Minister of Women's Affairs of Afghanistan from December 2001 to 2003.	Sima Samar	3 February 1957
date of birth	Henry Pierrepont, 1st Marquess of Dorchester, PC, FRS (March 1606 -- 8 December 1680) was an English peer, the son of the Robert Pierrepont, 1st Earl of Kingston-upon-Hull.	Henry Pierrepont, 1st Marquess of Dorchester	March 1606
date of birth	Susan Stranks (born 2 December 1938) is a British actress, television presenter and producer.	Susan Stranks	2 December 1938
date of birth	Johnny McBride (born 9 May 1977) is an Irish Gaelic footballer who played for Derry in the 1990s and 2000s.	Johnny McBride	9 May 1977
date of birth	Chen Hualan (simplified Chinese: 陈化兰; traditional Chinese: 陳化蘭; pinyin: Chén Huàlán; born 1969) is a Chinese animal virologist best known for researching animal epidemic diseases.	Chen Hualan	1969
date of birth	Leila Deen (born 1979) is a British environmental activist, campaigning on the issues of climate change, poverty and water politics.	Leila Deen	1979
date of birth	Gabriel Iranyi (Hebrew: גבריאל איראני ; Cluj, 6 June 1946) is a Romanian-born Israeli-German composer.	Gabriel Iranyi	6 June 1946
date of birth	Missa Johnouchi (城之内 ミサ; Jōnouchi Misa) (born 1960) is an artist who creates Asian-styled new-age music.	Missa Johnouchi	1960
date of birth	Husein Rovčanin (1907 -- 1944) was a Bosniak commander of a detachment of Sandžak Muslim militia from Komaran (Brodarevo in Sandžak) during the Second World War.	Husein Rovčanin	1907
date of birth	P. K. Venugopalan Nambiar (1924--1996) was an Indian agricultural scientist credited with the development of the first hybrid variety of black pepper in the world, Panniyur-1.	P. K. Venugopalan Nambiar	1924
date of birth	İlhan Kesici (born 22 November 1948) is a Turkish politician from the Republican People's Party (CHP), who has served as the Member of Parliament for İstanbul's first electoral district since 2015.	İlhan Kesici	22 November 1948
date of birth	Steven Holmes (born 1965) is a Canadian curator based in Hartford, Connecticut	Steven Holmes	1965
date of birth	Najeeb Diab was born in the village of Roumieh, Mount Lebanon (now Lebanon), on 6 August 1870.	Najeeb Diab	6 August 1870
date of birth	Felix Dean (born 27 June 1997) is an Australian child actor best known for playing VJ Patterson in the soap opera Home and Away.	Felix Dean	27 June 1997
date of birth	Ruta Sepetys or Rūta Šepetys (born November 19, 1967) is a Lithuanian-American writer of historical fiction.	Ruta Sepetys	1967
date of birth	Sir Nigel Gresley, 6th Baronet (c. 1727 - 7 April 1787) was an English land-owner, mine-owner and the builder of Sir Nigel Gresley's Canal.	Sir Nigel Gresley, 6th Baronet	1727
date of birth	Julian Harston (born 20 October 1942 in Nairobi, Kenya), son of Colonel Clive Harston, King's African Rifles, is an independent consultant on International Peace and Security matters.	Julian Harston	1942
date of birth	Sylvia Michel (born 25 December 1935) has been described as a pioneering woman in church leadership.	Sylvia Michel	25 December 1935
date of birth	Swami Turiyananda was born as Harinath Chattopadhyay in an affluent Bengali middle-class family in Calcutta on 3 January 1863.	Turiyananda	3 January 1863
date of birth	Wolfgang Pikal (born 1967 in Vienna, Austria) is the assistant manager to Alfred Riedl of the Indonesia national football team.	Wolfgang Pikal	1967
date of birth	Pope Celestine III (Latin: Caelestinus III; c. 1106 -- 8 January 1198), born Giacinto Bobone, reigned from 30 March or 10 April 1191 to his death in 1198.	Pope Celestine III	1106
date of birth	Marcus Collins (born 15 May 1988) is an English singer who finished as the runner-up of the eighth series of The X Factor in 2011.	Marcus Collins	15 May 1988
date of birth	Jamie Kavanagh (born 28 May 1990) is an Irish professional boxer from Dublin.	Jamie Kavanagh	28 May 1990
date of birth	Jin Ju (simplified Chinese: 居觐; traditional Chinese: 居覲; pinyin: Jū Jìn; Shanghai, 1976) is a Chinese-born Italian pianist.	Jin Ju	1976
date of birth	Prof. Dr. Hikmet Tanyu (1918 -- 1992), from Turkey, was a scientist and college professor of philosophy and history of religions who specialized in Jewish religious history.	Hikmet Tanyu	1918
date of birth	Vasyl' Potapenko (1886--1934) born in Berezna, Mensk region, Chernihiv province was the guide-boy for the blind kobzar Tereshko Parkhomenko.	Vasyl' Potapenko	1886
date of birth	Lindswell Kwok (born 24 September 1991) is an Indonesian wushu practitioner in the Taijiquan and Taijijian division.	Lindswell Kwok	24 September 1991
date of birth	Hernán Padilla Ramirez (born 1938) in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico, is a retired physician and former two-term Mayor of San Juan, Puerto Rico.	Hernán Padilla	1938
date of birth	Harry Eyres (born 1958 in London, England) is a journalist, writer and poet.	Harry Eyres	1958
date of birth	Sir Arthur Bignold (1850 -- 6 February 1918) was a Unionist Party politician in Scotland who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wick Burghs from 1900 to 1910.	Arthur Bignold	1850
date of birth	Rosa Elizabeth White (January 1855 -- 1911/1912), known as Rosa May was a prostitute during the late 19th century and very early 20th century who lived in the Virginia City and Bodie, California areas.	Rosa May	1855
date of birth	Stu Maddux (born 1965) is American freelance writer, editor, and cinematographer.	Stu Maddux	1965
date of birth	Admiral Sir Arthur Desmond Cassidi GCB (born 26 January 1925) was Commander-in-Chief Naval Home Command.	Desmond Cassidi	26 January 1925
date of birth	Mirjana Živković (born 1935) is a Serbian musicologist and composer.	Mirjana Živković	1935
date of birth	Abiah Darby (born Abiah Maude; 1716--1794) was an English minister in the Quaker church based in Coalbrookdale.	Abiah Darby	1716
date of birth	Stanley Clark Meston (7 January 1910 -- 30 December 1992) was an American architect most famous for designing the original McDonald's restaurants.	Stanley Clark Meston	7 January 1910
date of birth	Koigi wa Wamwere (born 18 December 1949 in Rugongo, Nakuru District) is a Kenyan politician, human rights activist, journalist and writer.	Koigi wa Wamwere	18 December 1949
date of birth	Laureano Márquez (4 July 1963 in Canary Islands), is a Spanish-born Venezuelan humorist and politologist.	Laureano Márquez	4 July 1963
date of birth	Minoru Kojima (born 11 October 1968) was the original guitarist for Japanese experimental punk band The Mad Capsule Markets.	Minoru Kojima	11 October 1968
date of birth	Billie McKay (born 11 July 1991) is an Australian television cook.	Billie McKay	11 July 1991
date of birth	James Nightingale (born 25 September 1986) is a rugby league player who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the NRL.	James Nightingale	25 September 1986
date of birth	J. Russell Findlay (born 1965) is an American advertising and marketing executive.	Russell Findlay	1965
date of birth	Brumhilda Ochs (born 1992, Windhoek, Namibia) is a Namibian model and Beauty Pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Namibia 2014 and represented Namibia at the Miss World 2014.	Brumhilda Ochs	1992
date of birth	Melchior Lussy (1529--1606) was a Swiss Catholic statesman who represented the Catholic cantons of Switzerland in the Council of Trent.	Melchior Lussy	1529
date of birth	Jeffrey Dell (1899--1985) was a British writer, screenwriter and film director.	Jeffrey Dell	1899
date of birth	Edward Upcott (born 29 December 1991) is a five times British acrobatic gymnast champion who was world men's pairs champion in partnership with Doug Fordyce, winning the gold medal in July 2010 in Poland.	Edward Upcott	29 December 1991
date of birth	Bobby McLeod (1947 -- 30 May 2009) was an Aboriginal activist, poet, healer, musician and Yuin elder.	Bobby McLeod	1947
date of birth	Dr. Asha Pande (born 1954) is a professor and the first Indian woman to receive the Légion d'honneur She is founder-director of Rajasthan University's Master in European Studies programme and heads the Department of Dramatics at Rajasthan University, and Center for French and Francophone Studies.Dr.	Asha Pande	1954
date of birth	Frederick Thomas Dalton (29 October 1855 -- 11 November 1927) was a school master, solicitor, journalist and caricaturist for Vanity Fair (signed ``FTD'').	Frederick Thomas Dalton	29 October 1855
date of birth	Poogie Bell (born Charles Bell Jr. 1961, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) is an American jazz drummer, composer, band leader and producer.	Poogie Bell	1961
date of birth	Cássio José de Abreu Oliveira known as Cássio or Cássio Oliveira (born 8 January 1980) is a former Brazilian-Australian professional football player who last played for Adelaide United in the A-League.	Cássio Oliveira	8 January 1980
date of birth	Ardeth Platte, O.P., (born 1936) is an American Dominican Religious Sister and anti-nuclear activist.	Ardeth Platte	1936
date of birth	Ruth Bidgood (born Ruth Jones, 20 July 1922) is a British poet.	Ruth Bidgood	20 July 1922
date of birth	Dr. László Mendelényi (7 February 1877 -- ?) was a Hungarian jurist, who served as the last Crown Prosecutor of Hungary in 1944.	László Mendelényi	7 February 1877
date of birth	Guido Gómez (born 19 May 1994) is an Italian footballer of Argentine descent who plays for Italian Serie A club Sassuolo.	Guido Gómez	19 May 1994
date of birth	Vojislav V. Jovanović (born 28 June 1940) is a Serbian novelist and writer of short stories, prose and poems.	Vojislav V. Jovanović	28 June 1940
date of birth	Eva Kurowski (born 1965 in Oberhausen) is a German jazz musician and singer.	Eva Kurowski	1965
date of birth	Neil Everett (born c. 1962 as Neil Everett Morfitt) is a sportscaster for ESPN.	Neil Everett	1962
date of birth	Luděk Zdráhal (born 12 September 1969) is a retired football striker.	Luděk Zdráhal	12 September 1969
date of birth	Juan Manuel Vivaldi (born 17 July 1979) is an Argentine field hockey goalkeeper, who plays club hockey in his native country for Banco Provincia.	Juan Manuel Vivaldi	17 July 1979
date of birth	Oka Antara (native name: Nyoman Oka Antara, born: 8 July 1981) is an Indonesian rapper and actor of Balinese descent.	Oka Antara	8 July 1981
date of birth	Dorothee Schneider (born 17 February 1969) is a German dressage rider competing at Olympic level.	Dorothee Schneider	17 February 1969
date of birth	Dadi Yami Gemeda (born 1982) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who competes in the marathon.	Dadi Yami	1982
date of birth	Niyazi Sayın (Turkish pronunciation: (nijaˈzi saˈjɯn); born 1927), spelled Niyazi Sayin in the West, is a Turkish ney flautist and music educator.	Niyazi Sayın	1927
date of birth	Jean-Christophe ``Pitof'' Comar (born 4 July 1957) is a French visual effects supervisor and director notable for Vidocq and Catwoman.	Pitof	4 July 1957
date of birth	David Trent Johnston (born 29 April 1974), usually known as Trent Johnston, is an Australian-born Irish cricketer.	Trent Johnston	29 April 1974
date of birth	Katee Doland-Mink (born 1980 in Arvada, Colorado) is a former beauty pageant titleholder who represented Colorado in Miss Teen USA 1998, Miss USA 2001, and Miss America 2004.	Katee Doland	1980
date of birth	Namiki Gohei I (並木五瓶初代)(1747--1808) was a Kabuki actor and playwright active in both Edo and Osaka.	Namiki Gohei I	1747
date of birth	Andrew Lesnie ACS ASC (1 January 1956 -- 27 April 2015) was an Australian cinematographer.	Andrew Lesnie	1956
date of birth	Walter Burley (or Burleigh) (c. 1275--1344/5) was a medieval English scholastic philosopher and logician with at least 50 works attributed to him.	Walter Burley	1275
date of birth	Mani Shankar Aiyar (born 10 April 1941) is a former Indian diplomat turned politician.	Mani Shankar Aiyar	10 April 1941
date of birth	Jared French (1905--1988) was an American painter who specialized in the medium of egg tempera.	Jared French	1905
date of birth	Leonard S. Mandamin (born 1944) is a judge currently serving on the Federal Court of Canada.	Leonard S. Mandamin	1944
date of birth	Ivan Filatov (born 11 March 1988) is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who plays as a striker for Abdysh-Ata Kant and the Kyrgyzstan national football team.	Ivan Filatov	11 March 1988
date of birth	Preben Hertoft (born 5 January 1928), Danish psychiatrist and professor in medical sexology, senior doctorate in medicine.	Preben Hertoft	1928
date of birth	Marjorie Ann Hess a.k.a. Maura Bosch (born 1958) is an American composer.	Maura Bosch	1958
date of birth	Bjørn Wiinblad (20 September 1918 - 8 June 2006), was a Danish painter, designer and artist in ceramics, silver, bronze, textiles, and graphics.	Bjørn Wiinblad	20 September 1918
date of birth	Haakon Lorentzen (born 23 August 1954) is the son of Norwegian businessman Erling Sven Lorentzen (of the Lorentzen family) and Princess Ragnhild of Norway, the older sister of King Harald V and Princess Astrid of Norway.	Haakon Lorentzen	23 August 1954
date of birth	Kenny Ho Kar-king (born 29 December 1959) is a Hong Kong actor and Cantopop/Mandopop singer best known for his role as Zhan Zhao in the 1993 Taiwanese television series Justice Bao.	Kenny Ho	29 December 1959
date of birth	Seden Gürel (12 September 1965 in Ankara) is a Turkish singer and songwriter.	Seden Gürel	12 September 1965
date of birth	Per Otto Furuseth (born 14 October 1947) is a Norwegian team handball player and coach, and sports official.	Per Otto Furuseth	1947
date of birth	More recent scholarship has shown that Josquin des Prez was born around 1450 or a few years later, and did not go to Italy until the early 1480s.	Josquin des Prez	1450
date of birth	Lars Anders Tomter (born 30 November 1959) is a Norwegian viola player.	Lars Anders Tomter	30 November 1959
date of birth	Amelia Bence (née María Amelia Batvinik; 13 November 1914 -- 8 February 2016) was an Argentine film actress and one of the divas of the Golden Age of Argentine Cinema (1940--60).	Amelia Bence	13 November 1914
date of birth	Nicola Jayne Shaw (commonly either Nicky Shaw or Nicki Shaw, born 30 December 1981) is an English cricketer and former member of the England women's cricket team.	Nicky Shaw	30 December 1981
date of birth	Mr. V (born Victor Font, 1974 in Manhattan, New York) is an American house and Latin music DJ, producer, and rapper.	Mr. V	1974
date of birth	Homer Edwin Young (born 11 August 1936), often called Dr. Young, is the senior pastor of the Second Baptist Church Houston.	Homer Edwin Young	11 August 1936
date of birth	Tan Jiajun (Chinese: 谭家军; Pinyin: Tán Jiājūn; born 17 December 1993 in Guangzhou, Guangdong) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League.	Tan Jiajun	17 December 1993
date of birth	Francine Noël (born 1945 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian writer, whose 2005 work La Femme de ma vie won the 2006 edition of Première Chaîne's Le Combat des livres.	Francine Noël	1945
date of birth	Leslie Thornton (born 1951) is an American avant-garde filmmaker and artist.	Leslie Thornton	1951
date of birth	Abraham Portal (baptised 1726 -- 1809) was an English goldsmith and dramatist.	Abraham Portal	1726
date of birth	Samta Benyahia (Arabic: صامته بن يحيى‎) born in Constantine, Algeria, in 1950, is an Algerian French artist, known for her Arab Berber Andalusian geometrical patterns and rosaceae, called fatima.	Samta Benyahia	1950
date of birth	Michael L. Chyet (1957- ) is an American linguist.	Michael L. Chyet	1957
date of birth	Mark Daniel Merritt (b. New London, CT 1961) (ASCAP) is an American composer and arranger with published choral works mostly for church choirs.	Mark Daniel Merritt	1961
date of birth	Francisco J. Collazo (born 1931) is the CEO and President of Collazo Enterprises Inc. He is the co-founder of COLSA Corporation, a business enterprise which provides engineering and support services to NASA, U.S. Army, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Navy, Defense Intelligence Agency, and the Missile Defense Agency.	Francisco J. Collazo	1931
date of birth	Tre Jean-Marie (born 13 April 1993 in Hackney, London), is a British songwriter and record producer.	Tre Jean-Marie	13 April 1993
date of birth	Jovenel Moïse (born 26 June 1968) is a Haitian politician and businessman who is a candidate in the 2015 Haitian presidential election.	Jovenel Moïse	26 June 1968
date of birth	Robert Thomson Leiper (17 April 1881 -- 21 May 1969) FRS CMG was a British parasitologist and helminthologist.	Robert Thomson Leiper	17 April 1881
date of birth	Mitchell Kappenberg (born 5 May 1986) is a Dutch professional footballer, who currently plays for Ter Leede in the Dutch Topklasse.	Mitchell Kappenberg	5 May 1986
date of birth	Renáta Tímea Tolvai (born 24 March 1991), known professionally as Reni Tolvai, is a Hungarian pop singer, who won the 5th season of the Hungarian singing competition show Megasztár in 2010.	Reni Tolvai	24 March 1991
date of birth	Natwar Thakkar (born 1932), popularly known as Natwar bhai, is a Gandhian social worker from India who works in the Indian state of Nagaland.	Natwar Thakkar	1932
date of birth	Anne Merriman, MBE, MCommH, FRCPI, FRCP (born 1935, Liverpool, England) is a British doctor, known for her pioneering work and influential research into palliative care in developing countries in Africa.	Anne Merriman	1935
date of birth	Dorothy Dworkin (née Dorothy Goldstick; 1889 -- August 13, 1976) was a prominent Jewish Canadian nurse, businesswoman and philanthropist.	Dorothy Dworkin	1889
date of birth	Thomas W. Reps (born 28 May 1956, USA) is an American computer scientist known for his contributions to automatic program analysis.	Thomas W. Reps	28 May 1956
date of birth	Alan Rankle (born 1952, Oldham, England) is a British artist and is part of the duo Rankle & Reynolds.	Alan Rankle	1952
date of birth	Patrizio Sumbu Kalambay (born 10 April 1956) is an Italian former professional boxer who held the WBA middleweight championship.	Sumbu Kalambay	10 April 1956
date of birth	Genie Z. Laborde, Ph.D. (born 1928) is an American author, educator, video producer, and artist.	Genie Z. Laborde	1928
date of birth	Rina Frenkel (Hebrew: רינה פרנקל‎, born 17 September 1956) is an Israeli politician.	Rina Frenkel	17 September 1956
date of birth	Gerald Meale (born Robert Gerald James Meale on 18 December 1947, in Hammersmith, Middlesex) was an English cricketer.	Gerald Meale	18 December 1947
date of birth	Henrik von Sydow (born 1976) is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party, member of the Riksdag from 2002 to 2014.	Henrik von Sydow	1976
date of birth	Jaroslav Šilhavý (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjaroslaf ˈʃɪlhaviː); born 3 November 1961) is a Czech football manager and former player.	Jaroslav Šilhavý	3 November 1961
date of birth	Jacqueline Pascarl (born 5 July 1963), formerly known as Jacqueline Gillespie and Jacqueline Pascarl-Gillespie, is an Australian author, TV personality and parents' rights advocate and humanitarian aid worker.	Jacqueline Pascarl	5 July 1963
date of birth	Daoud Bokhary (Urdu: داوود بخاري‎, Chinese: 包大衛, also spelled Daud Bokhary; born c. 1919) is a retired Hong Kong businessman.	Daoud Bokhary	1919
date of birth	Maria Luisa Poumaillou (c. 1953 -- April 7, 2015) was a French buyer known for her Paris boutiques eponymously named ``Maria Luisa''.	Maria Luisa Poumaillou	1953
date of birth	Niphon Kausokalybites (Greek: Όσιος Νήφων Καυσοκαλυβίτης, 1316--1411) was a Greek Christian Orthodox Saint and monk.	Niphon Kausokalybites	1316
date of birth	Aaron Keating (born 24 May 1974) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL) and the South Australian National Football League (SANFL).	Aaron Keating	24 May 1974
date of birth	Nicolae Tăbăcaru (born 20 August 1955) is a Moldovan politician, who served as foreign minister of Moldova from 28 July 1997 to 23 November 2000.	Nicolae Tăbăcaru	20 August 1955
date of birth	Samuel Kidd (1804--1843) was an English Protestant missionary in Malacca, and professor of Chinese at University College, London.	Samuel Kidd	1804
date of birth	Gerard McManus (born 28 June 1960) is an Australian journalist, magazine columnist and media consultant.	Gerard McManus	28 June 1960
date of birth	Catherine White (born 26 June 1965) is a former British swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1984 Olympic Games and won a silver medal for England at the 1982 Commonwealth Games.	Catherine White	26 June 1965
date of birth	Minsuk Cho (Korean: 조민석; born in Seoul, South Korea, 1966) is a South Korean architect.	Minsuk Cho	1966
date of birth	Frank L. Meyskens, Jr. (born 1945) is the Daniel G. Aldrich Chair and Director of the Chao Family Comprehensive Cancer Center, and Professor of Medicine at the University of California, Irvine.	Frank L. Meyskens, Jr.	1945
date of birth	Nédia Semedo (born 14 November 1978 in the Algarve region) is a retired Portuguese athlete who competed in the middle-distance events.	Nédia Semedo	14 November 1978
date of birth	Buchi Emecheta OBE (born 21 July 1944) is a Nigerian novelist based in Britain who has published more than 20 books, including Second-Class Citizen (1974), The Bride Price (1976), The Slave Girl (1977) and The Joys of Motherhood (1979).	Buchi Emecheta	21 July 1944
date of birth	Judit Varga (born 16 April 1976) is a Hungarian middle-distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres, since 2009 has been naturalized Italian.	Judit Varga	16 April 1976
date of birth	Mahshad Koohgoli (born 1956) is a Canadian entrepreneur focused on open-source software adoption and application lifecycle management tools.	Mahshad Koohgoli	1956
date of birth	Elena Konstantinovna Ragozhina (Russian: Eлена Константиновна Рагожина; born 14 October 1957 in Moscow) - PhD in Economics (Candidate of Economic Sciences), publisher, head of Russian Media House, director of charitable foundation Chance for Life.	Elena Konstantinovna Ragozhina	1957
date of birth	Lauren Shrubsole (born 16 October 1993) is a women's cricketer.	Lauren Shrubsole	16 October 1993
date of birth	Patrick Harverson was born in 1962, and educated at Belmont Abbey, Hereford, Brockenhurst College, Hampshire, and the London School of Economics.	Patrick Harverson	1962
date of birth	Clayton Hinkley (born 21 February 1989) is an Australian rules footballer who formerly played for the Fremantle Football Club.	Clayton Hinkley	21 February 1989
date of birth	Louis-Jodel Chamblain (born January 18, 1953 or 1954) is a prominent Haitian military figure who has led both government troops and rebels and is considered a notorious war criminal.	Louis-Jodel Chamblain	1953
date of birth	William Youatt (1776--1847) was an English veterinary surgeon.	William Youatt	1776
date of birth	Yanna Hadatty Mora (born Guayaquil, 1969) is an Ecuadorian short story writer and essayist.	Yanna Hadatty	1969
date of birth	Andrew Demetriou (born 14 April 1961) is an Australian businessman, sports administrator, and former Australian rules football player who was chief executive officer (CEO) of the Australian Football League (AFL) up to June 2014.	Andrew Demetriou	14 April 1961
date of birth	Ivan Dolinar (1840--1886) was a Slovene Christian Democrat politician, teacher and journalist.	Ivan Dolinar	1840
date of birth	Ann Kelley (born 17 December 1941) is a British writer known best for children's books.	Ann Kelley	17 December 1941
date of birth	Sarah Mawby (born 9 April 1965) is an American-born British fencer.	Sarah Mawby	9 April 1965
date of birth	James McCready (born 1816, d. 1909, Indianapolis) was the fourth mayor of the city of Indianapolis, Indiana and the first democrat to hold that office.	James McCready	1816
date of birth	Yan Shimin (Chinese: 严诗敏; born 24 August 1987 in Zhejiang) is a Chinese rower.	Yan Shimin	24 August 1987
date of birth	Erwin Lindner (7 April 1888 -- 30 November 1988) was a German entomologist mainly interested in Diptera.	Erwin Lindner	7 April 1888
date of birth	Mark Dallas (born 27 July 1985) is the majority owner, founder, promoter and booker of wrestling promotion Insane Championship Wrestling.	Mark Dallas	27 July 1985
date of birth	Mario Morra (born 1935) is an Italian film editor, director and screenwriter.	Mario Morra	1935
date of birth	Szonja Gávai (born 19 August 1993 in Budapest) is a Hungarian handballer who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE as a playmaker.	Szonja Gávai	19 August 1993
date of birth	Howard Shelanski (born 1964) is an American lawyer and economist.	Howard Shelanski	1964
date of birth	Debbrich Feys (born 20 December 1984, in Ghent) is a retired professional Belgian tennis player.	Debbrich Feys	20 December 1984
date of birth	Wu Xun (Chinese: 武训; Pinyin: Wǔ Xùn; 1838-1896) was a Chinese educational reformer who pioneered free popular education in the country.	Wu Xun	1838
date of birth	Patrick Chapman is an Irish poet, writer and screenwriter, born in 1968.	Patrick Chapman	1968
date of birth	Khatijun Nissa Siraj (born 1925) is a Singaporean women's rights activist and the co-founder of the Young Women's Muslim Association (PPIS) and the Muslim Women's Welfare Council.	Khatijun Nissa Siraj	1925
date of birth	Petr Baron (Russian: Петр Барон, born on 28 November 1980, in Moscow) is a financier, banker, businessman.	Petr Baron	28 November 1980
date of birth	Wilfred Flowers (1856--1926) was a professional cricketer who played for Nottinghamshire County Cricket Club between 1877 and 1896.	Wilfred Flowers	1856
date of birth	May Herschel-Clarke (1850--1950) was an English poet.	May Herschel-Clarke	1850
date of birth	Bartolo Mascarello (1927 -- March 12, 2005) was an Italian winemaker most known for producing Barolo wine.	Bartolo Mascarello	1927
date of birth	Betty Mary Goetting (neé Smith 1897-1980) was an American librarian, civic leader and women's rights activist.	Betty Mary Goetting	1897
date of birth	Andy Freed (born 1971 in Ellicott City, Maryland) is a radio announcer for the Tampa Bay Rays baseball team.	Andy Freed	1971
date of birth	Li Shiming (Chinese: 李世明; born December 1948) is a retired general (shang jiang) of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) of China.	Li Shiming	December 1948
date of birth	Arantxa King (born 27 November 1989 in Paget Parish) is a Bermudian athlete competing in the long jump.	Arantxa King	27 November 1989
date of birth	Richard Sorrell (born 24 September 1948 in Thundersley, Essex) is a British artist working in oil acrylic.	Richard Sorrell	24 September 1948
date of birth	Ladislav Černý (13 April 1891 in Plzeň -- 13 July 1975 in Dobříš) was a Czech violist and teacher.	Ladislav Černý	13 April 1891
date of birth	Al-Hadi Ghalib (1823 - September 30, 1885) was an Imam of the Zaidi state in Yemen who ruled in 1851-1852, and made subsequent periodical claims to the imamate up to the Ottoman intervention in 1872.	Al-Hadi Ghalib	1823
date of birth	İbrahim Şen (born 1 October 1980) is a citizen of Turkey who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States's Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba.	İbrahim Şen	1 October 1980
date of birth	Taijul Islam (born 7 February 1992) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who has played at Test and One Day International (ODI) level for the Bangladesh national team.	Taijul Islam	7 February 1992
date of birth	María Guadalupe Loaeza Tovar (born in 1946) is a contemporary Mexican writer, author of many books including Las Niñas Bien, Las Reinas de Polanco, Debo, Luego Sufro and Compro, Luego Existo, in which she ironizes about the Mexican upper class.	Guadalupe Loaeza	1946
date of birth	František Jež (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrancɪʃɛk ˈjɛʃ)) (born 16 December 1970) is a Czechoslovakian/Czech former ski jumper.	František Jež	16 December 1970
date of birth	Nikoslav Bjegović (Serbian Cyrillic: Никослав Бјеговић; born 16 November 1967) is a retired Serbian international football player.	Nikoslav Bjegović	16 November 1967
date of birth	Royden Barrie was a pseudonym used by Rodney Bennett (1890-1948), father of the composer Richard Rodney Bennett.	Royden Barrie	1890
date of birth	Katja Schumacher (* 9 April 1968 in Heidelberg) is a German triathlete and Ironman triathlete, and previous German champion in both of these disciplines.	Katja Schumacher	9 April 1968
date of birth	David Michôd (/ˈmɪʃoʊ/; born 30 November 1972) is an Australian film director, screenwriter, producer and actor.	David Michôd	30 November 1972
date of birth	Jodh Singh Ramgarhia (1758 -- 23 August 1815) was a prominent Sikh leader in the Punjab, the son of Jassa Singh Ramgarhia who inherited Jassa's position on his death in 1803.	Jodh Singh Ramgarhia	1758
date of birth	Melody Harris-Jensbach (* 1961) is a Korean-American Manager.	Melody Harris-Jensbach	1961
date of birth	Kapila Vatsyayan (born 25 December 1928) is a leading Indian scholar of classical Indian dance, Indian art and Indian architecture and art historian.	Kapila Vatsyayan	25 December 1928
date of birth	Gordon Douglas Slade (born 1955 in Toronto) is a Canadian mathematician, specializing in probability theory.	Gordon Douglas Slade	1955
date of birth	Paul Rouhana, OLM (born on 13 November 1954 in Amchit, Lebanon) is Auxiliary bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Joubbé, Sarba and Jounieh to Sarba.	Paul Rouhana	13 November 1954
date of birth	Manie Maritz (1876--1940), also known as Gerrit Maritz, was a Boer General during the Second Boer War and a leading rebel of the 1914 Maritz Rebellion.	Manie Maritz	1876
date of birth	Jane Maria Atkinson (née Richmond, 15 September 1824 -- 29 September 1914) was a pioneer, writer, and the first Pakeha woman to climb Mt Taranaki.	Jane Maria Atkinson	15 September 1824
date of birth	Bruce Papitto (born 1958) is an American sculptor specializing in large cast bronze installation pieces.	Bruce Papitto	1958
date of birth	Miho Iwata (born 1962 in Ichinomiya, Aichi, Japan) is a performance artist, scenographer and choreographer.	Miho Iwata	1962
date of birth	Fraser Milligan (born 19 April 1989) is a Scottish footballer.	Fraser Milligan	19 April 1989
date of birth	Karen Toller (1662 -- 13 August 1742) was a Norwegian estate owner and ship owner.	Karen Toller	1662
date of birth	Jane Slavin (born 11 March 1970) is an English actress and novelist.	Jane Slavin	1970
date of birth	Steen Spore (born 27 April 1938) is a Danish official who was the second Danish High Commissioner of Greenland, holding this position from 1 August 1992 to 1 July 1995.	Steen Spore	27 April 1938
date of birth	Hans Karl Breslauer, born Johann Karl Breslauer, later often known as H. K. Breslauer (2 June 1888 -- 15 April 1965) was an early Austrian film director, also an actor, screenwriter and author.	Hans Karl Breslauer	2 June 1888
date of birth	Joanna Żubr (ca. 1770-1852) was a Polish soldier of the Napoleonic Wars, a veteran of the Polish-Austrian War, and the first woman to receive the Virtuti Militari, the highest Polish military decoration.	Joanna Żubr	1770
date of birth	Dr. Ferenc Baja (born 4 July 1955) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Environment and Regional Development between 1994 and 1998.	Ferenc Baja	4 July 1955
date of birth	Irakli Maysuradze (Georgian: ირაკლი მაისურაძე; born 24 May 2000) is a Georgian figure skater.	Irakli Maysuradze	24 May 2000
date of birth	Lin Keng-chi (Chinese: 林根基, born 1 July 1966) is a Taiwanese professional golfer.	Lin Keng-chi	1 July 1966
date of birth	Bob Schacht (born January 24, 1950) is an American stock car racing driver.	Bob Schacht	1950
date of birth	Herbert Pundik or Nahum Pundak (born 1927) is a Danish Jewish journalist and author.	Herbert Pundik	1927
date of birth	Emit Bloch (alt David Edmund Turin; 8 September 1965) is an American songwriter and musician.	Emit Bloch	8 September 1965
date of birth	Ayuba Suleiman Diallo (1701--1773), also known as Job ben Solomon, was a famous Muslim who was a victim of the Atlantic slave trade.	Ayuba Suleiman Diallo	1701
date of birth	Joann Condon (born 1970) is a British actress of stage and screen, best known for her role as Pat, a member of the Fat Fighters group in the BBC television comedy Little Britain, written by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams.	Joann Condon	1970
date of birth	Lloyd Bitzer (born 1931, Austin, Texas) is an American rhetorician.	Lloyd Bitzer	1931
date of birth	Koni Lui (呂慧儀) (born 3 September 1982 in Hong Kong) also known as Koni Lui Wai Yee is a model and 2nd runner up at the Miss Hong Kong 2006 pageant.	Koni Lui	3 September 1982
date of birth	Stephen Ting, or Ting Ka-Yu, born 1959, is the Chief Executive Officer of Next Media, Hong Kong's largest listed media company.	Stephen Ting	1959
date of birth	Freddy Nieuchowicz Abramovich (born 30 March, 1968 in Montevideo), also known as Orlando Petinatti, is a Uruguayan entertainer and radio host.	Orlando Petinatti	30 March, 1968
date of birth	Antonella Elia (born 1 November 1963) is an Italian television personality and actress.	Antonella Elia	1 November 1963
date of birth	Janice Biala (September 11, 1903 -- September 24, 2000) was an artist whose work, spanning seven decades, is well regarded both in France and the United States.	Janice Biala	1903
date of birth	Sarah Jane Pell (born 30 December 1974) is an Australian artist researcher and commercial diver.	Sarah Jane Pell	30 December 1974
date of birth	Thomas Godfrey Evans CBE (18 August 1920 -- 3 May 1999) was an English cricketer who played for Kent and England.	Godfrey Evans	18 August 1920
date of birth	Miladin Popović (Serbian Cyrillic: Миладин Поповић; 23 May 1910 -- 12 March 1946) was a Yugoslav Partisan and secretary of the Regional Committee of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia (OK KPJ) of Kosmet (Kosovo and Metohija).	Miladin Popović	23 May 1910
date of birth	Jean-Anne Christy de la Pallière, also written ``Christy-Pallière'', (18 September 1755 -- 29 July 1829) was a French Naval officer.	Jean-Anne Christy de la Pallière	18 September 1755
date of birth	Jamsran Ulzii-Orshikh (born 14 June 1967; Mongolian: Жамсрангийн Өлзий-Орших) is a former Mongolian cyclist.	Jamsran Ulzii-Orshikh	14 June 1967
date of birth	Andreas Stamatiadis (Greek: Ανδρέας Σταματιάδης; born 16 August 1935) is a retired footballer who played as a right winger for AEK Athens F.C. from 1950 until 1969, captain of the team in the latter years.	Andreas Stamatiadis	16 August 1935
date of birth	Nelson Ferreira (born 26 May 1982) is a Swiss and Portuguese footballer.	Nelson Ferreira	26 May 1982
date of birth	Claudia Salinas (/səˈliːnəs/ sa-'LEE-nas; born 19 August 1983) is a Mexican model, actress and former ballerina.	Claudia Salinas	19 August 1983
date of birth	Sven Bert Jonas Karlsson (born 11 March 1971) is a Swedish actor and author.	Jonas Karlsson	11 March 1971
date of birth	Troy Bond (born 14 July 1973) is a premiership winning player, former Australian rules footballer who played in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Troy Bond	14 July 1973
date of birth	Rowland Leigh (1903 -- October, 1963) was an American lyricist, screenwriter, and librettist.	Rowland Leigh	1903
date of birth	Marcos Faundez-Zanuy (born 1969, in Barcelona, Spain) is full professor and the Dean at Escuela Universitaria Politécnica de Mataró (Polytechnic University of Catalonia).	Marcos Faundez-Zanuy	1969
date of birth	Lelisa Desisa Benti (born 14 January 1990) is an Ethiopian long-distance runner who specialises in road running competitions.	Lelisa Desisa	14 January 1990
date of birth	Frederic Shoberl (1775--1853), also known as Frederick Schoberl, was an English journalist, editor, translator, writer and illustrator.	Frederic Shoberl	1775
date of birth	Juan Nicasio Guerra Ochoa (born in Sinaloa, 26 November 1954) is a Mexican politician, affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD).	Juan Nicasio Guerra	26 November 1954
date of birth	Yuan Guisen (Chinese: 苑桂森) (born 1955) is a Chinese diplomat.	Yuan Guisen	1955
date of birth	Keith Stewart of Glasserton (1739 -- 3 March 1795) was a Scottish Admiral and MP in the British Parliament.	Keith Stewart	1739
date of birth	Mudanakuzhiyil Abraham Varughese, popularly known in the Pentecostal Christendom as ``Rev. Dr. M A Varughese'' or MAV (born 4 November 1946) is an evangelist, revival & motivational speaker, publisher, Founder President of Bethel Gospel Team and Senior Pastor of Bethel Assembly of God Church, in Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	M A Varughese	4 November 1946
date of birth	Jorun Stiansen (born 20 January 1984 in Colombia) is a Norwegian pop singer and artist.	Jorun Stiansen	20 January 1984
date of birth	Oshri Roash (Hebrew: אושרי רואש born 25 July 1988) is an Israeli footballer currently playing for Hapoel Haifa	Oshri Roash	25 July 1988
date of birth	Becky Morgan (born 5 September 1974) is a Welsh professional golfer who plays mainly on the U.S. based LPGA Tour but is also a member of the Ladies European Tour.	Becky Morgan	5 September 1974
date of birth	Li Lixin (Chinese: 李立新; born 15 February 1989) is a Chinese professional racing cyclist.	Li Lixin	15 February 1989
date of birth	Hanna Polak (born 1967) is a Polish director, cinematographer and producer.	Hanna Polak	1967
date of birth	Siti Adira Suhaimi (born 19 September 1991), known widely by her stage name Adira, is a Malaysian singer.	Adira	19 September 1991
date of birth	Shu Hongbing (Chinese: 舒红兵; born 1967) is a Chinese cytologist and immunologist.	Shu Hongbing	1967
date of birth	Donald Charles Baldwin (born 20 April 1953) is a United States musician, arranger and composer who achieved significant commercial success with recordings he wrote, arranged and performed for Motown Records and Invictus/Hot Wax Records from 1970 to 1980.	Donald Charles Baldwin	20 April 1953
date of birth	Hsu Wen-hsin (Chinese: 許文馨; born 13 April 1988) is a Taiwanese tennis player.	Hsu Wen-hsin	13 April 1988
date of birth	Stephen Swid (born 1941) is an American businessman and investor.	Stephen Swid	1941
date of birth	Monroe Tsatoke was born on 29 September 1904 in Oklahoma Territory, near present day Saddle Mountain, Oklahoma.	Monroe Tsatoke	29 September 1904
date of birth	Joe Burnside (1 February 1930 -- October 2008) was Britain's longest surviving heart transplant patient.	Joe Burnside	1 February 1930
date of birth	John Rhys Evans (5 September 1930 -- 2 January 2010) was a Welsh baritone noted for operatic roles including the ``Leading Man'' in the Merry Widow, the King in The Vagabond King, Count Almaviva in The Marriage of Figaro;	John Rhys Evans	5 September 1930
date of birth	Barbro Hietala Nordlund, born 1946, is a Swedish social democratic politician, member of the Riksdag first 1994--1998 and then again 2001--2006.	Barbro Hietala Nordlund	1946
date of birth	Judith E. Stein (born 1943) is a Philadelphia-based art historian and curator.	Judith E. Stein	1943
date of birth	Ruti Sela, (born 1974, in Jerusalem, Israel) is a video artist.	Ruti Sela	1974
date of birth	Bjarne Håkon Hanssen, (born 1 November 1962) was the Norwegian Minister of Health from 20 June 2008 as part of the second cabinet Stoltenberg.	Bjarne Håkon Hanssen	1 November 1962
date of birth	Uroš Nenadović (Serbian Cyrillic: Урош Ненадовић; born 28 January 1994) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Rad in the Serbian SuperLiga.	Uroš Nenadović	28 January 1994
date of birth	Michael Baumgardt, born September 12, 1966 in Berlin, Germany, is an internationally known Desktop Publishing and Web Design expert who has written over 20 books.	Michael Baumgardt	1966
date of birth	Lucia Nevai is an American novelist and short story writer, native to Des Moines, Iowa, born September 11, 1945.	Lucia Nevai	1945
date of birth	Niall McKeever (born 16 February 1989) is a former professional Australian rules football player.	Niall McKeever	16 February 1989
date of birth	Sir Richard Manningham M.D. (1690--1759) was an English physician and man-midwife, now remembered for his involvement in the Mary Toft hoax.	Richard Manningham	1690
date of birth	Ludwig Bauer (born 1878, Vienna) was an Austro-Swiss journalist, pacifist and writer.	Ludwig Bauer	1878
date of birth	Magnus Minniskiöld (also spelled Minnisköld or Minnesköld c. 1175--c. 1209) was a medieval Swedish Lawspeaker from the House of Bjelbo.	Magnus Minniskiöld	1175
date of birth	César Parra (born 1 May 1963) is a Colombian dressage rider who has been representing the United States since 2011.	César Parra	1 May 1963
date of birth	Shiv Nadar (born 14 July 1945) is an Indian industrialist and philanthropist.	Shiv Nadar	14 July 1945
date of birth	Valerie Robertson (née Forder; born 1943) is a British former Paralympic athlete who competed in archery, athletics, swimming, and wheelchair fencing, winning at least a silver medal in each.	Valerie Robertson	1943
date of birth	Danqun Fang was born in an intellectual family, in December 1941.	Danqun Fang	December 1941
date of birth	Heinrich Fraenkel (28 September 1897 -- May 1986) was an author and Hollywood writer most notable for his biographies of Nazi war criminals published in the 1960s and 1970s.	Heinrich Fraenkel	28 September 1897
date of birth	Stav Elimelech (Hebrew: סתיו אלימלך‎; born 9 November 1969) is an Israeli former professional footballer that has played in Hapoel Be'er Sheva.	Stav Elimelech	9 November 1969
date of birth	Nikhil Haldipur (born 19 December 1977 in Kolkata) is an Indian first class cricketer.	Nikhil Haldipur	19 December 1977
date of birth	Phạm Thị Huệ (born 31 August 1973, Cẩm Phả Town, Quảng Ninh Province) is a Vietnamese đàn bầu, đàn đáy, and đàn tỳ bà player, singer, composer and educator.	Phạm Thị Huệ	31 August 1973
date of birth	Richard Ovenden (/ˈʌvəndən/; born 25 March 1964) is a British librarian and author.	Richard Ovenden	25 March 1964
date of birth	Jack Way (17 August 1902 -- 19 June 1970) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Jack Way	17 August 1902
date of birth	Hulond Humphries (born 1939) is a part-time hog farmer and former principal at Randolph County High School who caused a national controversy in 1994 and 1995 after he threatened to cancel the high school's prom due to fears about interracial dating.	Hulond Humphries	1939
date of birth	Bree Munro (born 12 May 1981) is an Australian aerial freestyle skier.	Bree Munro	12 May 1981
date of birth	Anne of Armagnac, Dame d'Albret, Countess of Dreux (1402 -- before March 1473) was a French noblewoman and a member of the powerful Gascon Armagnac family which played a prominent role in French politics during the Hundred Years War and were the principal adversaries of the Burgundians throughout the Armagnac-Burgundian Civil War.	Anne of Armagnac	1402
date of birth	Arran Fernandez (born June 1995, England) is a mathematician who in June 2013 became Senior Wrangler at Cambridge University, aged 18 years.	Arran Fernandez	1995
date of birth	Aabed-El ben Asher ben Matzliach (born 1935 in Nablus) is the current Samaritan High Priest.	Aabed-El ben Asher ben Matzliach	1935
date of birth	Yusuf (ibn Ali) Karamanli, Caramanli or Qaramanli or al-Qaramanli (most commonly Yusuf Karamanli), (1766 -- 1838) was the best-known Pasha (reigned 1795-1832) of the Karamanli dynasty (1711--1835) of Tripolitania (in present-day Libya).	Yusuf Karamanli	1766
date of birth	Idelle Weber (born 1932) is an American artist most closely aligned with the Pop art and Photorealist movements.	Idelle Weber	1932
date of birth	Ralph Anspach (born 1926) is an American retired economics professor from San Francisco State University.	Ralph Anspach	1926
date of birth	Agustín Aranzábal Alkorta (Spanish pronunciation: (aɣusˈtin aɾanˈθaβal alˈkorta); born 15 March 1973) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left back.	Agustín Aranzábal	15 March 1973
date of birth	Scott Irvine (born 1953) is a Canadian composer, arranger, and tuba player based in Toronto.	Scott Irvine	1953
date of birth	Hon'inbō Dōetsu (本因坊道悦, 1636--1727) was a Japanese professional go player, who became the third head of the Honinbo house.	Hon'inbō Dōetsu	1636
date of birth	Hüsnü Zeybekoğlu (born 13 March 1985) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a wingback for BB Erzurumspor in the TFF Third League.	Hüsnü Zeybekoğlu	13 March 1985
date of birth	Ewell Goldyn Rhambo, known as Bo Rhambo, (born September 21, 1923, Austin, Texas - November 24, 1988 in Los Angeles, California) is an American trumpeter and tenor saxophonist.	Bo Rhambo	1923
date of birth	Jorge Rigau (born 1953 in Arecibo, Puerto Rico) is a Puerto Rican architect, historian, author and pedagogue.	Jorge Rigau	1953
date of birth	Zarah Garde-Wilson (born 1978) is an Australian solicitor in Victoria who rose to prominence after she acted for many persons under investigation by Victoria Police in relation to the Melbourne gangland killings of 1998-2006.	Zarah Garde-Wilson	1978
date of birth	Stanisław Wiórek or alternatively Stanisław Wiorek (born 12 December 1912 in Bottrop (Westphalia); d. 9 September 1939 in Bydgoszcz) was a Polish theologian and Catholic clergyman, member of the Congregation of the Mission, publicly murdered by the Nazis on the ninth day of the Second World War.	Stanisław Wiórek	12 December 1912
date of birth	Ruby Harrold (born 4 June 1996) is a British artistic gymnast and was a reserve athlete for the 2012 Summer Olympics team.	Ruby Harrold	4 June 1996
date of birth	Berthold Faust is a German artist (b. 1935, Hofheim am Taunus), noted especially for his realistic and detailed drawings of nature and animals.	Berthold Faust	1935
date of birth	Kathleen Hall Jamieson (born 1946) is an American Professor of Communication and the director of the Annenberg Public Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania.	Kathleen Hall Jamieson	1946
date of birth	Dougal Howard (born 25 March 1996) is an Australian rules footballer who was drafted by the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL) in 2014.	Dougal Howard	25 March 1996
date of birth	Chihiro Sasakawa (born January 1948) is a Japanese bacteriologist well known for his pioneering research into the invasive mechanisms of pathogenic bacteria and the host's subsequent immune response to infection.	Chihiro Sasakawa	January 1948
date of birth	George Daugherty (born 1955) is an Irish-American conductor, director, producer, and writer.	George Daugherty	1955
date of birth	Martina Hingis (born 30 September 1980) is a Swiss professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 1 in doubles by the WTA.	Martina Hingis	30 September 1980
date of birth	Teresa Gisbert Carbonell de Mesa (born 1926) is a Bolivian architect and art historian.	Teresa Gisbert Carbonell	1926
date of birth	Eerik Siikasaari (born in 1957) is a Finnish jazz bassist who is probably best known as a member of Trio Töykeät, a Finnish jazz trio.	Eerik Siikasaari	1957
date of birth	Choida Jamtsho (born 17 March 1965) is a Bhutanese politician who is currently a Bhutan Peace and Prosperity Party (DPT) member of the National Assembly of Bhutan.	Choida Jamtsho	17 March 1965
date of birth	Sir Renaud De Carteret V, or Sir Reginald De Carteret V (born 1316) was a Seigneur of St Ouen in Jersey.	Renaud De Carteret V	1316
date of birth	António Miguel Nunes Ferraz Leal de Araújo (born 22 April 1965), known as Miguel Leal, is a Portuguese football manager who is in charge of Moreirense.	Miguel Leal	22 April 1965
date of birth	Sooni Taraporevala (born 1957) is an Indian screenwriter and photographer who is best known as the screenwriter of Mississippi Masala, The Namesake and Oscar-nominated Salaam Bombay (1988), all directed by Mira Nair.	Sooni Taraporevala	1957
date of birth	Air Chief Marshal Oluseyi Petinrin (born 19 January 1955) is a senior Nigerian Air Force officer and former Chief of the Defence Staff.	Oluseyi Petinrin	19 January 1955
date of birth	György Keleti (born 18 May 1946 in Losonc) is a Hungarian politician, who served as Minister of Defence between 1994 and 1998.	György Keleti	18 May 1946
date of birth	Flávio Teixeira (born 14 January 1951), known as Flávio Murtosa or simply Murtosa, is a Brazilian former professional footballer and currently professional football manager.	Flávio Murtosa	14 January 1951
date of birth	Nebojša Koharović (born 17 May 1963 in Zagreb) is a Croatian diplomat and is the current Assistant Minister of Foreign and European Affairs of Croatia.	Nebojša Koharović	17 May 1963
date of birth	Kevin Worthington (born 25 May 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1970s and early 1980s.	Kevin Worthington	25 May 1953
date of birth	Elizabeth Chong (born on 27 May 1931 in Guangzhou, (formerly known as Canton), China) is a prominent Chinese-born Australian based celebrity chef, author and television presenter.	Elizabeth Chong	27 May 1931
date of birth	Junior Paul (born 9 September 1977) is a Grenadian football player.	Junior Paul	9 September 1977
date of birth	Elliott Webb (born 15 April 1971 in Worcester) is a British radio presenter.	Elliott Webb	15 April 1971
date of birth	Brigadier Joseph Nunoo-Mensah (born 14 February 1939) is a Ghanaian soldier and politician.	Joseph Nunoo-Mensah	14 February 1939
date of birth	Abraão Lincoln Martins, or simply Lincoln (born 14 June 1983), is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for Brasiliense.	Abraão Lincoln Martins	14 June 1983
date of birth	Shane Fero (1953) is an American artist and glass blower.	Shane Fero	1953
date of birth	Patriarch Nourhan Manougian (Armenian: Նուրհան Մանուկեան, Hebrew: נורהאן מנוגיאן‎; born 24 June 1948) is the 97th Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem serving the Armenian Patriarchate of Jerusalem of the Armenian Apostolic Church.	Nourhan Manougian	24 June 1948
date of birth	Suresh Venapally (Telugu: సురేశ్ వెనపల్లి; born 1966) is an Indian mathematician known for his research work in algebra.	Suresh Venapally	1966
date of birth	Laura Harvey (born 15 May 1980) is an English professional women's football coach and former player.	Laura Harvey	15 May 1980
date of birth	David Hewson (born 9 January 1953) is a contemporary British author of mystery novels.	David Hewson	9 January 1953
date of birth	José Hernández Delgadillo (1927 -- December 26, 2000) was a Mexican painter and muralist best known for carrying on the traditions of Mexican muralism in the latter 20th century.	José Hernández Delgadillo	1927
date of birth	Ju Kyu-chang (b. 1939) is the director of the Korean Workers Party Machine-Building Industry Department.	Ju Kyu-chang	1939
date of birth	Kentin Mahé (born 22 May 1991) is a French handballer who plays as a left winger or centre back for SG Flensburg-Handewitt and the French national team.	Kentin Mahé	22 May 1991
date of birth	Susan D. Gillespie (born 1952) is an American academic anthropologist and archaeologist, noted for her contributions to archaeological and ethnohistorical research on pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures, in particular the Aztec, Maya and Olmec.	Susan D. Gillespie	1952
date of birth	Vito Marija Bettera-Vodopić (1771--1841) was a writer from the Republic of Ragusa.	Vito Marija Bettera-Vodopić	1771
date of birth	Mohit Ray (Bengali: মোহিত রায়) (born 1954) is an environmental and human rights activist based in Kolkata.	Mohit Ray	1954
date of birth	Henry van Wart (1784 - 1873), an American who became British by special act of Parliament, founded the Birmingham Stock Exchange and served as one of Birmingham's first Aldermen and a director of the Birmingham Banking Company.	Henry van Wart	1784
date of birth	Helvy Tiana Rosa (born 2 April 1970) is an Indonesian playwright and writer.	Helvy Tiana Rosa	2 April 1970
date of birth	Jerry Navarro Elizalde (born 22 May 1924, San Jose, Antique, Philippines) is a Philippine artist.	Jerry Navarro Elizalde	22 May 1924
date of birth	Markus Dünzkofer (*1969) is a 20th- and 21st-century German Anglican clergyman.	Markus Dünzkofer	1969
date of birth	Quanah Parker (Comanche kwana ``smell, odor'') (c. 1845 or 1852 -- February 23, 1911) was a Comanche/English-American from the Comanche band Quahadi (``Antelope-eaters'').	Quanah Parker	1845
date of birth	Lieutenant-Colonel Vladimir Peniakoff DSO MC (Russian: Владимир Дмитриевич Пеняков Vladimir Dmitrievich Penyakov, 30 March 1897 -- 15 May 1951), nicknamed Popski, was the founder and commanding officer of Popski's Private Army.	Vladimir Peniakoff	30 March 1897
date of birth	Marc Goos (born 30 November 1990) is a Dutch racing cyclist who races for the UCI ProTour team, LottoNL-Jumbo.	Marc Goos	30 November 1990
date of birth	Mahamahopadhyay Pandit Mahesh Chandra Nyayratna Bhattacharyya, CIE (22 February 1836 -- 12 April 1906), was an Indian scholar of Sanskrit, and the principal of the Sanskrit College between 1876 and 1895.	Mahesh Chandra Nyayratna Bhattacharyya	22 February 1836
date of birth	Roy Nissany (Hebrew: רוי ניסני‎; born 30 November 1994) is an Israeli racing driver.	Roy Nissany	30 November 1994
date of birth	Jade Trini Goring (born 1972), formerly known by the stage name Jade Trini, is an American contemporary gospel music singer.	Jade Trini Goring	1972
date of birth	Ruby Slipperjack, or Ruby Slipperjack-Farrell, (born 1952) is an Ojibwe writer and painter.	Ruby Slipperjack	1952
date of birth	Hildegard Rütgers (born 1932) is a German classical contralto singer in opera and concert.	Hildegard Rütgers	1932
date of birth	Adrian Metcalfe OBE (Adrian Peter Metcalfe; born 2 March 1942) is a former British athlete, who mainly competed in the 400 metres.	Adrian Metcalfe	2 March 1942
date of birth	Frederick Alexcee (1853 -- 1940s) was a Tsimshian carver and painter from the community of Lax Kw'alaams (Port Simpson, a.k.a. Fort Simpson), British Columbia, Canada.	Frederick Alexcee	1853
date of birth	Buddha Sayami (Nepali: बुद्ध सायमी) (born 1944, Kathmandu) is a Nepalese poet and Newar activist.	Buddha Sayami	1944
date of birth	Liu Kezhuang (Wade--Giles: Liu K'o-chuang, 劉克莊, 1187--1269), was a Song Dynasty Chinese poet and literary critic.	Liu Kezhuang	1187
date of birth	Matthew Vellanickal (born 25 September 1934) is a New Testament scholar and a vicar general of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Archdiocese of Changanassery.	Matthew Vellanickal	25 September 1934
date of birth	Lucien-Antoine Lagier (4 October 1814 -- 28 February 1874) was a Canadian priest, Oblate of Mary Immaculate, and preacher.	Lucien-Antoine Lagier	4 October 1814
date of birth	Dan Haigh (born 5 December 1982) is an English musician, director, video game designer and visual effects artist known best as the bass player in the English alternative rock band Fightstar.	Dan Haigh	5 December 1982
date of birth	Priya Badlani (Hindi: प्रिया बद्लानि; born 27 January 1986) is an Indian actress and a former model.	Priya Badlani	27 January 1986
date of birth	Sir Allan Kemakeza KBE (born 11 October 1950) was the seventh Prime Minister of Solomon Islands from 2001 to 2006.	Allan Kemakeza	11 October 1950
date of birth	Corbin Bosch (born 10 September 1994) is a South African Under-19s and Twenty20 cricketer.He played under-19 world cup cricket in 2014.	Corbin Bosch	10 September 1994
date of birth	T.N.A. Perumal or Thanjavur Nateshacharya Ayyam Perumal (born 1932) is a wildlife photographer from Bangalore, Karnataka, India.	T.N.A. Perumal	1932
date of birth	Seamus Murphy, (1907 -- October 2, 1975) was an Irish sculptor and stone carver, best known for designing the Church of the Annunciation, Blackpool, Cork City.	Seamus Murphy	1907
date of birth	Emosi Kauhenga (born 27 April 1981) in Folaha, Tonga) is rugby union footballer.	Emosi Kauhenga	27 April 1981
date of birth	Sandra Roper (born c. 1955) is an American civil rights lawyer and failed 2001 candidate for district attorney in Brooklyn, New York.	Sandra Roper	1955
date of birth	Manuel García Calderón García Rama (born 28 September 1953) is a Spanish football manager, currently in charge of CD Móstoles B.	Manuel García Calderón	28 September 1953
date of birth	Peter Ridsdale (born 11 March 1952) is an English businessman and Chairman of Football at Preston North End F.C..	Peter Ridsdale	11 March 1952
date of birth	Bruce Stuckey (born 19 February 1947) is an English former professional footballer who played as a right winger.	Bruce Stuckey	19 February 1947
date of birth	Rear Admiral Shah Iqbal Mujtaba, ndc, psc, BN (born 1948) is formerChief of Staff for the Bangladesh Navy.	Shah Iqbal Mujtaba	1948
date of birth	Ovidiu Tender (born 1956, in Timişoara) is a Romanian businessman.	Ovidiu Tender	1956
date of birth	Ingebrigt Davik (14 April 1925 -- 29 January 1991) was a Norwegian teacher, children's writer, broadcasting personality, singer and songwriter.	Ingebrigt Davik	14 April 1925
date of birth	Holly Holyoake (born 31 December 1988) is a Welsh classical music singer from Duffryn, Newport.	Holly Holyoake	31 December 1988
date of birth	Agnatius Paasi (born 30 November 1991) is a Tongan professional rugby league footballer who currently currently plays for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League.	Agnatius Paasi	30 November 1991
date of birth	Jo Bender (born 1970) is a broadcaster from Minnesota who currently hosts a radio show on Christian Radio for KTIS Faith Radio Network in the Midwest.	Jo Bender	1970
date of birth	Joel Gerber (born Illinois, 1940) was the Chief Judge of the United States Tax Court.	Joel Gerber	1940
date of birth	Michael Grandage CBE (born 2 May 1962) is a British theatre director and producer.	Michael Grandage	2 May 1962
date of birth	Patrick Mac Manus (born 1944 - died August 12, 2011 ) was an Irish political activist, fighting for international causes.	Patrick Mac Manus	1944
date of birth	Grey Blackwell (born 1969) is an American artist who works in online and broadcast television animation as well as print illustration.	Grey Blackwell	1969
date of birth	Christian Roth (born January 6, 1959 in Hanover, Germany) is a designer of luxury spectacles.	Christian Roth	1959
date of birth	Denys Baptiste (born 1969) is an English jazz musician from London, England.	Denys Baptiste	1969
date of birth	José Cristóbal Hurtado de Mendoza y Montilla (23 June 1772 -- 8 February 1829), commonly known as Cristóbal Mendoza or Cristóbal de Mendoza was a Venezuelan politician.	Cristóbal Mendoza	23 June 1772
date of birth	Jitender Singh Tomar was born in the village of Fatehpur, Etah district, Uttar Pradesh, on 12 April 1966.	Jitender Singh Tomar	12 April 1966
date of birth	Thomas Jarrett, DD, (1805--1882) was an English churchman and orientalist.	Thomas Jarrett	1805
date of birth	John Alexander Pope (4 August 1906 -- 18 September 1982) was the director of the Freer Gallery of Art in Washington, and an authority on Asian art.	John Alexander Pope	1906
date of birth	Ahmadullah Alizai (born 1972) is a politician in Afghanistan, currently serving as the acting Governor of Kabul Province in Afghanistan.	Ahmadullah Alizai	1972
date of birth	Lin Bu (Chinese: 林逋; 967-1028) was a Chinese poet during the Northern Song dynasty.	Lin Bu	967
date of birth	Nathan Crowley (born 1966) is an English production designer and a former art director.	Nathan Crowley	1966
date of birth	Yu Lele (Chinese: 于乐乐, born 22 March 1989 in Beijing) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Yu Lele	22 March 1989
date of birth	Eric Lott (born 1959) is an American Professor of English and social historian.	Eric Lott	1959
date of birth	Alfred Gatty (18 April 1813 -- 20 January 1903) was a Church of England vicar and author.	Alfred Gatty	1813
date of birth	Joseph Kalichstein (born 15 January 1946) is an Israeli-born American classical pianist who performs in the concerto, solo recital and chamber music repertoire, the latter mainly with Jaime Laredo and Sharon Robinson in the Kalichstein-Laredo-Robinson Trio.	Joseph Kalichstein	15 January 1946
date of birth	Amy Conroy (born 22 October 1992) is a 4.0 point British wheelchair basketball player who represented Great Britain in the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London and the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto.	Amy Conroy	22 October 1992
date of birth	Li Hsing (李行; born 20 May 1930) is a Taiwanese film director.	Li Hsing	20 May 1930
date of birth	Johann Funck, Funk or Funccius (7 February 1518 - 28 October 1566) was a German Lutheran theologian.	Johann Funck	7 February 1518
date of birth	N. Chandra or Chandrashekhar Narvekar (born 4 April 1952), is an Indian producer, writer and director, known for gritty realism in his early dark and loud films such as Ankush, Pratighaat, Tezaab and Narsimha (1991).	N. Chandra	4 April 1952
date of birth	George Collin (13 September 1905 -- 1 February 1989) was an English footballer who played at left-back.	George Collin	13 September 1905
date of birth	Alberto da Costa e Silva (born 12 May 1931, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian historian, poet and former diplomat.	Alberto da Costa e Silva	12 May 1931
date of birth	Jeffrey Drew (born 1964) is an American musical theatre dancer/actor who has performed in more than 25 musicals and, since 1995, has been a casting associate for television.	Jeffrey Drew	1964
date of birth	İsmail Hacıoğlu (born 30 November 1985) is a Turkish actor and son of former Fenerbahçe player Mehmet Hacıoğlu.	İsmail Hacıoğlu	30 November 1985
date of birth	Eigil Verner Nielsen (born 14 May 1931) is a Danish former football player in the defender position, who played 26 games for the Denmark national football team.	Verner Nielsen	14 May 1931
date of birth	Nima-odsor (1894--1936) was an Inner Mongolian politician of the Republic of China, shot to death by assassins on an intercity bus ride.	Nima-odsor	1894
date of birth	Sibtul Hasan Shah, alias Double Shah (Urdu, Punjabi: ڈبل شاہ; born 3 March 1964), was a famous scam artist in Pakistan who gained notoriety by starting and managing a Ponzi scheme.	Double Shah	3 March 1964
date of birth	Simon Gerrans (born 16 May 1980) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer, who currently rides for the Australian UCI ProTour team, Orica--	Simon Gerrans	16 May 1980
date of birth	Arnold Eidus (28 November 1922 -- 3 June 2013) was a world-renowned concert violinist and recording artist.	Arnold Eidus	28 November 1922
date of birth	Fritz Iwo Dölling (born 12 January 1923) is a Swedish former diplomat.	Iwo Dölling	12 January 1923
date of birth	Lassana Diarra (born 10 March 1985), nicknamed Lass, is a French footballer who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Marseille.	Lassana Diarra	10 March 1985
date of birth	Georg Christoph Strattner (1644 er 1645 -- April 1704) was a German church musician, composer and hymn writer.	Georg Christoph Strattner	1644
date of birth	Nikolay Noev (born 24 February 1988 in the Sakha Republic) is a Yakut born-Russian Naturalized Tajikistani freestyle wrestler.	Nikolay Noev	24 February 1988
date of birth	Edward Underhill (1512-76 or later), of Hunningham and Baginton, Warwickshire and Limehouse, Middlesex, was an English politician.	Edward Underhill	1512
date of birth	Jisu Park (born 13 February 1990 박지수 ) is a South Korean professional StarCraft:	Jisu Park	13 February 1990
date of birth	Alto Virgil (born 1982 in Livingston, New Jersey, U.S.) is a British-American professional basketball player, currently plying his trade with British Basketball League team Sheffield Sharks, with whom he signed for in 2007.	Alto Virgil	1982
date of birth	George Beauclerk, 4th Duke of St Albans (5 December 1758 -- 10 February 1787) was the son of Lt.-Col. Charles Beauclerk and a great-grandson of Charles Beauclerk, 1st Duke of St Albans.	George Beauclerk, 4th Duke of St Albans	5 December 1758
date of birth	Riyad Farid Hijab (Arabic: رياض فريد حجاب‎; born 1966) is a Syrian politician.	Riyad Farid Hijab	1966
date of birth	Kent Martinussen (born 29 December 1960) is a Danish architect and CEO of the Danish Architecture Centre.	Kent Martinussen	29 December 1960
date of birth	Halil Sami Bey (1866 -- 1925) was an Ottoman Army Colonel (Miralay) who served in the First World War.	Halil Sami Bey	1866
date of birth	Stathi Katsidis (19 February 1979 -- 19 October 2010) was an Australian jockey.	Stathi Katsidis	19 February 1979
date of birth	Ioan Giurgiu Patachi (or Latin: Ioannes Nemes de Pataki, 1680--1727) was Bishop of Făgăraş and Primate of the Romanian Greek Catholic Church from 1721 to his death in 1727.	Ioan Giurgiu Patachi	1680
date of birth	Eliza Winston (1830--?) was an American slave who was emancipated from her owners while with them on vacation in a free state.	Eliza Winston	1830
date of birth	René Osvaldo Rebolledo Salinas, (born 22 September 1958) became the Archbishop of La Serena on his appointment by Pope Francis on 14 December 2013.	René Osvaldo Rebolledo Salinas	22 September 1958
date of birth	Fulvio Flavoni(born 25 January 1970) is an Italian football goalkeeper, who plays for FC Fossombrone in the Eccellenza.	Fulvio Flavoni	25 January 1970
date of birth	Beverly Malone (born 1948) is the chief executive officer of the National League for Nursing in the United States.	Beverly Malone	1948
date of birth	Alice of Majorca (1341 -- after 1376) was a Cypriot noblewoman, the great-granddaughter of King James II of Majorca and granddaughter of King Hugh IV of Cyprus.	Alice of Majorca	1341
date of birth	Julia Lohmann (born 1977, Germany) is a multidisciplinary designer living and working in London.	Julia Lohmann	1977
date of birth	Louis P. Sheldon (born 1934) is a former American Presbyterian pastor, now Anglican priest, and chairman of the social conservative organization, the Traditional Values Coalition.	Louis P. Sheldon	1934
date of birth	Ljubomir Vulović (Serbian Cyrillic: Љубомир Вуловић, 6 January 1876 -- 27 June 1917), known by his nickname Ljuba (Љуба), was an artillery major in the Serbian Army, conspirator of the May Coup, and member of the Black Hand.	Ljubomir Vulović	6 January 1876
date of birth	Kalle Løchen (9 May 1865 -- 20 November 1893) was a Norwegian painter and actor.	Kalle Løchen	9 May 1865
date of birth	Edwin Wendler (born 11 April 1975) is an Austrian composer working in Los Angeles, California.	Edwin Wendler	11 April 1975
date of birth	Diane Allahgreen (born 21 February 1975) is a former British Olympic sprint hurdler.	Diane Allahgreen	21 February 1975
date of birth	Ilan Kapoor (born 1959) is a Professor of Critical Development Studies at the Faculty of Environmental Studies, York University, Toronto, Canada.	Ilan Kapoor	1959
date of birth	Walter Gorini (born 29 August 1944) is a retired Italian rack cyclist who was active between 1966 and 1967.	Walter Gorini	29 August 1944
date of birth	William Moritz (May 6, 1941 -- March 12, 2004), film historian, specialized in visual music and experimental animation.	William Moritz	1941
date of birth	John Burman (5 October 1838 -- 14 May 1900) was an English first-class cricketer, who played one match for Yorkshire County Cricket Club, scoring a duck and a vital 1 not out against Cambridgeshire at Queens Park, Wisbech in 1867.	John Burman	5 October 1838
date of birth	Abraham Van Heyningen Hartendorp (1893 - 1975), commonly known as A.V.H. Hartendorp or A.V. Hartendorp, was an American writer, editor, Thomasite, and Filipinologist.	A.V.H. Hartendorp	1893
date of birth	Dong Young-bae (Hangul: 동영배, born 18 May 1988), better known by his stage name Taeyang (meaning Sun) or Sol, is a South Korean singer-songwriter.	Taeyang	18 May 1988
date of birth	Ted Leehane (2 June 1923 -- 18 November 2014) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Ted Leehane	2 June 1923
date of birth	Stephen Whittaker (28 June 1947 -- 7 February 2003) was a British actor and director.	Stephen Whittaker	28 June 1947
date of birth	Sriram Raghavan (born 1963) is an Indian film director and screen writer.	Sriram Raghavan	1963
date of birth	Andy Seto (司徒劍僑 Mandarin: Sītú Jiànqiáo, 3 June 1969) is a comic artist who specializes in martial-arts based stories.	Andy Seto	3 June 1969
date of birth	Alexander Vasiliyevich Golovin (also known as Alexander Vasiljevitsch GOLOVIN) (Russian: Александр Васильевич Головин), born 5 September 1949 is a Russian diplomat with the diplomatic rank of Plenipotentiary Ambassador.	Alexander Vasiliyevich Golovin	5 September 1949
date of birth	Zhang Xuan (Chinese: 張萱; pinyin: Zhāng Xuān; Wade--Giles: Chang Hsüan) (713--755) was a Chinese painter who lived during the Tang Dynasty (618--907).	Zhang Xuan	713
date of birth	Ludo Dielis (born 23 February 1945) is a Belgian professional carom billiards player.	Ludo Dielis	23 February 1945
date of birth	Virius Nicomachus Flavianus (334--394) was a grammarian, a historian and a politician of the Roman Empire.	Virius Nicomachus Flavianus	334
date of birth	Michael Docimo (born 1980) is an American professional wrestler, known by his ring name, Darkness.	Michael Docimo	1980
date of birth	Francis Hitching (born 1933) is a British author, dowser, journalist and filmmaker.	Francis Hitching	1933
date of birth	Sharon Kwan (traditional Chinese: 關詩敏; simplified Chinese: 关诗敏, born 12 October 1995 in Columbus, Ohio) is a Chinese American Mandopop singer.	Sharon Kwan	12 October 1995
date of birth	Tor Arne Hetland (born 12 January 1974) is a professional Norwegian cross-country skier.	Tor Arne Hetland	12 January 1974
date of birth	Vuko Borozan (born 9 April 1994) is a Montenegrin handball player who plays for TuS N-Lübbecke and the Montenegro national handball team.	Vuko Borozan	9 April 1994
date of birth	Michael Laverty (born 7 June 1981) is a motorcycle racer from Toomebridge, Northern Ireland.	Michael Laverty	7 June 1981
date of birth	William Thomas Metcalf, known as Will Metcalf (born 1984), is an American investment banker from his native Conroe, Texas, and a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 16, based entirely in suburban Montgomery County, north of Houston in the southeastern portion of the state.	Will Metcalf	1984
date of birth	Anthony Abela (1954--2006) was a major Maltese sociologist.	Anthony Abela	1954
date of birth	Born in 1965, in village Gohaldohi, in Paschim Medinipur district, West Bengal, into a poor Lodha family, Chuni Kotal survived a childhood of impoverishment to become the first woman from a 'primitive' tribe to complete High School.	Chuni Kotal	1965
date of birth	Oleh Lysheha (Ukrainian: Олег Лишега; 30 October 1949 -- 17 December 2014) was a Ukrainian poet, playwright, translator and intellectual.	Oleh Lysheha	30 October 1949
date of birth	Nancy Chunn is an American artist (b. 1941) based in New York, New York.	Nancy Chunn	1941
date of birth	George Kringelbach (16 June 1927 -- 11 May 1979) was a Danish journalist and gastronome.	George Kringelbach	16 June 1927
date of birth	Gerard Rijsbrack or Gerard Rysbrack (1696 -- 1773) was a Flemish painter of still lifes, game pieces, hunting scenes and mythological scenes.	Gerard Rijsbrack	1696
date of birth	Mario Petreković (1972 in Bjelovar) is a Croatian comedian, actor and television presenter.	Mario Petreković	1972
date of birth	Navi Radjou (Tamil: நவி ராஜூ, born 14 August 1970) is an innovation and leadership advisor based in Silicon Valley.	Navi Radjou	14 August 1970
date of birth	Milivoje Ćirković (Serbian Cyrillic: Миливоје Ћирковић; born 14 April 1977) is a Serbian former professional footballer who played at the right-back position, being known primarily for his speed.	Milivoje Ćirković	14 April 1977
date of birth	Hasan Yiğit (born 2 January 1975 in istanbul) is a retired Turkish football midfielder.	Hasan Yiğit	2 January 1975
date of birth	Emil Petaja (12 April 1915 -- 17 August 2000) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer whose career spanned seven decades.	Emil Petaja	12 April 1915
date of birth	J. Richardson Dilworth (1916 -- December 29, 1997) was a leading businessman best known for being a lawyer for the Rockefeller family.	J. Richardson Dilworth	1916
date of birth	Mun Suk (문숙, 文淑; born 10 May 1966) is a South Korean former cyclist.	Mun Suk	10 May 1966
date of birth	María Marcela Lagarde y de los Ríos (born 30 December 1948) is a Mexican academic, author, researcher, anthropologist, feminist activist and politician affiliated to the Party of the Democratic Revolution.	Marcela Lagarde	30 December 1948
date of birth	Sacagawea (/ˌsækədʒəˈwiːə/ see below; May 1788 -- December 20, 1812; see below for other theories about her death), also Sakakawea or Sacajawea, was a Lemhi Shoshone woman who helped the Lewis and Clark Expedition achieve each of its chartered mission objectives exploring the Louisiana Purchase.	Sacagawea	1788
date of birth	Neville Hughes (1 June 1945, date of death unknown) was an actor in the 1960s and 1970s.	Neville Hughes	1 June 1945
date of birth	Sir Edmund Fortescue (1610--1647) was an English royalist commander.	Edmund Fortescue	1610
date of birth	Selim Ben Djemia (born 29 January 1989) is a Tunisian football player owho plays for Ligue 2 club Laval and the Tunisia national team.	Selim Ben Djemia	29 January 1989
date of birth	Pál Joensen (born 10 December 1990) is a Faroese elite swimmer.	Pál Joensen	10 December 1990
date of birth	James Chau (Chinese: 周柳建成 Zhōuliǔ Jiànchéng) who was born on 11 December 1977, is a journalist, television presenter, and United Nations Goodwill Ambassador.	James Chau	11 December 1977
date of birth	Charles Edward Hawkins (1802 - February 11, 1837) was the Commander of the First Texas Navy during the Texan Revolution.	Charles Edward Hawkins	1802
date of birth	V. Srinivas (Vasudevan Srinivas) (born 6 June 1958) is an Indian mathematician who specialises in algebraic geometry.	Vasudevan Srinivas	6 June 1958
date of birth	Hassan Hajjaj (b. Larache, Morocco in 1961) is a contemporary artist who lives and works between London, UK and Marrakech, Morocco, and is known as the ``Andy Warhol of Marrakech.''	Hassan Hajjaj	1961
date of birth	Paul Tipton (born 26 May 1954) was an English cricketer and is now one of the UK's leading dentists.	Paul Tipton	26 May 1954
date of birth	Alan Minter (born 17 August 1951) is an English former professional boxer and a former Undisputed World Middleweight Champion.	Alan Minter	17 August 1951
date of birth	James Macfarlane (2 September 1844 -- 24 November 1914) was a Scottish-born Australian politician.	James Macfarlane	2 September 1844
date of birth	Alexandre Moors (born 1972) is a French director, writer and editor.	Alexandre Moors	1972
date of birth	Aleqa Hammond (born 23 September 1965) is a Greenlandic politician and member of the Danish Folketing (parliament).	Aleqa Hammond	23 September 1965
date of birth	Geoff Lewis (born 21 December 1935) is a Welsh retired jockey who was born in Talgarth, Breconshire.	Geoff Lewis	21 December 1935
date of birth	Yann Larc'hantec or Yann Larhantec was a Breton sculptor born in Plougonven on 30 May 1829.	Yann Larhantec	30 May 1829
date of birth	Richarda Schmeißer (later Richarda Hartmann, born 20 August 1954) is a retired German former gymnast.	Richarda Schmeißer	20 August 1954
date of birth	Carl Andreas Duker (1670 -- November 5, 1752) was a German classical scholar and jurist.	Carl Andreas Duker	1670
date of birth	Lydia Nsekera (born 20 April 1967) has been a member of the International Olympic Committee since 2009.	Lydia Nsekera	20 April 1967
date of birth	Deil S. Wright (18 June 1930 - 30 June 2009) was Alumni Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Political Science at the University of North Carolina.	Deil S. Wright	18 June 1930
date of birth	Reza Vali (born 1952 in Ghazvin) is an Iranian musician and composer.	Reza Vali	1952
date of birth	José Parrilla (born 31 March 1972 in Ancón, Panama) is an American middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 meters.	José Parrilla	31 March 1972
date of birth	Mohammad Abbasi (Persian: محمد عباسی, born 28 February 1958) is an Iranian politician who is the former minister of youth affairs and sports.	Mohammad Abbasi	28 February 1958
date of birth	Peretz Naftali (Hebrew: פרץ נפתלי‎, born Fritz Naftali, 19 March 1888 -- 30 April 1961) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician who served in several ministerial portfolios in the 1950s.	Peretz Naftali	19 March 1888
date of birth	Stephanie Bidmead (29 January 1929 - 22 September 1974) was a British stage and television actress.	Stephanie Bidmead	29 January 1929
date of birth	Y. Pierre Gobin (born 1957) is a French-born American physician who is an expert in the field of interventional neuroradiology and a pioneer in endovascular treatment of cerebral aneurysms.	Y. Pierre Gobin	1957
date of birth	Dedduwa Jayathungalage Siripala (1948 - 7 August 1975), better known as Maru Sira, was a Sri Lankan criminal who was executed amongst much controversy.	Maru Sira	1948
date of birth	Robert Chappell (born 1952) is an American cinematographer, writer, and director.	Robert Chappell	1952
date of birth	Reynir Karlsson (born 27 February 1934) was an Icelandic football manager and former player.	Reynir Karlsson	27 February 1934
date of birth	Stefan Babović (Serbian Cyrillic: Стефан Бабовић; born 7 January 1987) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for Partizan, as a deep-lying playmaker.	Stefan Babović	7 January 1987
date of birth	Carlos Moscardini (born 1959) is an Argentine composer and guitarist.	Carlos Moscardini	1959
date of birth	Tania Tarannam (born 3 August 1993) is an Indian singer/songwriter/musician hailing from the Indian north-eastern state of Assam.	Tania Tarannam	3 August 1993
date of birth	Ivan Mayewski (Belarusian: Iван Маеўскi; Russian: Иван Маевский; born 5 May 1988) is a Belarusian footballer for Anzhi Makhachkala.	Ivan Mayewski	5 May 1988
date of birth	Arthur Buchardt (born 15 June 1948), is a Norwegian investor who mainly invests in hotel projects.	Arthur Buchardt	15 June 1948
date of birth	Boris Mikšić (born 11 October 1948 in Zagreb) is a Croatian businessman and politician.	Boris Mikšić	11 October 1948
date of birth	Gaia Bermani Amaral (born 16 September 1980) is a Brazilian-Italian actress, model and television presenter.	Gaia Bermani Amaral	16 September 1980
date of birth	Alexandru Nicolau (Russian: Александр Александрович Николау; January 1889 -- September 27, 1937) was a Romanian lawyer, socialist and later communist activist.	Alexandru Nicolau	January 1889
date of birth	Tatjana Maria (née Malek; born 8 August 1987) is a German tennis player.	Tatjana Maria	8 August 1987
date of birth	Michael Guglielmucci (born 1978) is an Australian former Christian pastor and Christian Rock songwriter.	Michael Guglielmucci	1978
date of birth	Merrill Skolnik (6 Nov, 1927 - ), is a respected researcher in the area of radar systems and the author or editor of a number of standard texts in the field.	Merrill Skolnik	1927
date of birth	Abraham Willaerts (c. 1603 - 18 October 1669) was a Dutch Baroque painter, mostly of marine and harbor scenes.	Abraham Willaerts	1603
date of birth	Josep Roca i Fontané (1966, Girona, Catalonia) is the sommelier of the restaurant El Celler de Can Roca.	Josep Roca i Fontané	1966
date of birth	Bola de Nieve (literally Snowball) (11 September 1911 -- 2 October 1972), born Ignacio Jacinto Villa Fernández, was a Cuban singer-pianist and songwriter, whose round, black face earned him the nickname by which he was always known.	Bola de Nieve	11 September 1911
date of birth	Rainer Moormann (born 1950) is a German chemist and nuclear whistleblower.	Rainer Moormann	1950
date of birth	Charlotte de Laval, Dame de Châtillon (1530 -- 3 March 1568), was a French noblewoman from one of the most powerful families in Brittany.	Charlotte de Laval	1530
date of birth	Eduardo Gilardoni (9 November 1935) is a composer, pianist, harpsichordist, vocal coach, and early music specialist.	Eduardo Gilardoni	9 November 1935
date of birth	Nicholas Stuart Gray (23 October 1922, Scotland - 17 March 1981) was a British actor and playwright, perhaps best known for his work in children's theatre in England.	Nicholas Stuart Gray	23 October 1922
date of birth	Gijsbert van Tienhoven (12 February 1841 -- 10 October 1914) was a liberal Dutch politician.	Gijsbert van Tienhoven	12 February 1841
date of birth	Paul Stoddart (born 26 May 1955) is an Australian millionaire airline magnate, and former owner of the Minardi Formula One racing team.	Paul Stoddart	26 May 1955
date of birth	Gabriel Dessauer (born 4 December 1955) is a German cantor, concert organist and academic.	Gabriel Dessauer	4 December 1955
date of birth	Pietro Longhi (1702 or November 5, 1701 -- May 8, 1785) was a Venetian painter of contemporary genre scenes of life.	Pietro Longhi	1702
date of birth	Marcin Bogusławski (born 1980) is a Polish artist, painter, drawer, graphic and mural painter.	Marcin Bogusławski	1980
date of birth	Renjith Menon (born 2 May 1977, Ernakulam, Kerala) is an Indian first-class cricketer.	Renjith Menon	2 May 1977
date of birth	Abdolfattah Soltani (Persian: عبدالفتاح سلطانی; born 2 November 1953) is an Iranian human rights lawyer and spokesman for the Defenders of Human Rights Center.	Abdolfattah Soltani	2 November 1953
date of birth	Olve Eikemo (born 27 June 1973), better known by his stage name Abbath Doom Occulta or simply Abbath, is a Norwegian musician best known as a founding member of the black metal band Immortal.	Olve Eikemo	27 June 1973
date of birth	Nick Danziger (born 22 April 1958) is a British photographer, film maker and travel writer.	Nick Danziger	22 April 1958
date of birth	Gabriel Keller (born 12 August 1947 in Paris, France) is a French diplomat and teacher.	Gabriel Keller	12 August 1947
date of birth	James Duncan Bowie, also known as Jimmy Bowie (9 August 1924 -- 2000) was a Scottish association footballer.	Jimmy Bowie	9 August 1924
date of birth	F. Tulga Ocak (born 14 May 1946) is a retired Turkish academic and professor of classical Turkish literature and Persian language.	F. Tulga Ocak	14 May 1946
date of birth	Adriana Krnáčová (born 26 September 1960) has been the mayor of Prague since November 2014.	Adriana Krnáčová	26 September 1960
date of birth	Gilson Lavis (pronounced /ˈgɪlsən ˈleɪvɪs/ GILL-sən LAY-viss, born David Leslie Gilson Lavis, 27 June 1951, Bedford, England) is an English drummer and portrait artist.	Gilson Lavis	27 June 1951
date of birth	Kobad Ghandy (born 1951) is an Indian communist and Maoist-Naxalite leader.	Kobad Ghandy	1951
date of birth	Dmitri Plavinsky (Russian: Дмитрий Петрович Плавинский) (28 April 1937 -- 1 September 2012) was a Russian-American artist.	Dmitri Plavinsky	28 April 1937
date of birth	Samuel Widmer (born 24 December 1948) is a controversial Swiss physician, psychiatrist, psychotherapist and author, who uses psycholytic substances in therapy and has very liberal opinions on polygamy and free forms of love.	Samuel Widmer	24 December 1948
date of birth	Eddie St. James (born August 1962) is a guitarist, singer and composer--arranger born in Hollywood, California and raised in and around the L.A. area (resides in the Rheinland-Pfalz--area of Germany ).	Eddie St. James	1962
date of birth	Athol Hodgetts (born 20 January 1951) is a former Australian rules football player and administrator, who played for North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and served as the executive director of the Victorian Football Association.	Athol Hodgetts	20 January 1951
date of birth	Xue Zongzheng (Chinese: 薛宗正; born 1935) is a Chinese historian, a director of Ancient History at the Institute of History in Xinjiang Academy of Social Sciences, and a professor of History at Xinjiang Normal University.	Xue Zongzheng	1935
date of birth	Gero Hütter (born 18 December 1968) is a German hematologist.	Gero Hütter	18 December 1968
date of birth	Peter Stronach (born 1 September 1956) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Sunderland and York City, and in non-League football for Chester-le-Street.	Peter Stronach	1 September 1956
date of birth	Christian Ryan (born 5 June 1977 in Warrnambool, Victoria) is an Australian rower who won a silver medal at the 2000 Sydney Olympics.	Christian Ryan	5 June 1977
date of birth	Sania Mirza (pronounced (saːˈnɪaː mɪrzaː); born 15 November 1986) is an Indian professional tennis player who is currently ranked No. 1 in the women's doubles rankings.	Sania Mirza	15 November 1986
date of birth	Clare Tree Major (1880 -- October 10, 1954) was a stage director, playwright, producer of children's theater, and actress.	Clare Tree Major	1880
date of birth	Vasugupta (860--925) was the author of the famous Shiva Sutras of Vasugupta.	Vasugupta	860
date of birth	Mercedes de Jesús Egido y Izquierdo, O.I.C., (29 March 1935 -- 3 August 2004) was a Spanish Roman Catholic nun of the Order of the Immaculate Conception who undertook a major reform of the Order's way of life.	Mercedes de Jesús Egido	29 March 1935
date of birth	Louise Stahle (born 19 March 1985) is a professional golf player who plays on both the U.S.-based LPGA Tour and the Ladies European Tour.	Louise Stahle	19 March 1985
date of birth	Katerina Jebb (born 15 November 1962) is a British-born artist, photographer and film-maker.	Katerina Jebb	1962
date of birth	Per Haddal (born 9 January 1942) is a Norwegian film critic.	Per Haddal	9 January 1942
date of birth	Mark Arden (born 31 July 1956) is an English comedian and actor, best known for being one half of comic double act ``The Oblivion Boys'' with Stephen Frost.	Mark Arden	31 July 1956
date of birth	Mark C. Taylor (born 13 December 1945) is a philosopher of religion and cultural critic who has published more than twenty books on theology, philosophy, art and architecture, media, technology, economics, and the natural sciences.	Mark C. Taylor	13 December 1945
date of birth	K. Kalyan (Kannada: ಕೆ. ಕಲ್ಯಾಣ್ ) (born 1 January 1975) is an Indian lyricist and music composer predominantly working since last 20 years in Kannada cinema.	K. Kalyan	1 January 1975
date of birth	Julia Cho (born 1975) is an American playwright and television writer who has won national awards for her work.	Julia Cho	1975
date of birth	Born in 1975 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, Avinash Veeraraghavan did a post-school programme at the Centre for Learning in Bangalore under the guidance of Andrea Anastasio in 1995 and worked for short periods at Studio Sowden and Studio Fronzoni in Milan.	Avinash Veeraraghavan	1975
date of birth	Ashok Jhunjhunwala was born in Kolkata on 22 June 1953 in a Marwari family.	Ashok Jhunjhunwala	22 June 1953
date of birth	Tim Nolan (born 1960) is a British-born bassist living in Singapore.	Tim Nolan	1960
date of birth	William Hackwood (c. 1757--1839) was a modeller for Josiah Wedgwood from 1769 until 1832.	William Hackwood	1757
date of birth	Jan Moir (born August 1958) is a British newspaper columnist.	Jan Moir	August 1958
date of birth	Baron Thierry de Gruben (born 17 November 1941) is the current Ambassador from the Kingdom of Belgium to the United Kingdom.	Thierry de Gruben	17 November 1941
date of birth	Giorgos Alkaios (Greek: Γιώργος Αλκαίος; born 24 December 1971) is a Greek recording artist.	Giorgos Alkaios	24 December 1971
date of birth	Max Longin (born 1964) is a mathematician and designer from Mannheim, Germany who designs and produces innovative furniture and interior objects since 1991.	Max Longin	1964
date of birth	Matt Plumb (Born 8 July 1974) is a racing driver who has previously competed in the Barber Dodge Pro Series and currently races in the Continental Tire Sports Car Challenge.	Matt Plumb	8 July 1974
date of birth	Bella Shteinbuk (Hebrew: בלה שטיינבוק‎; Russian: Белла Штейнбук; born 31 March 1960, Belarus) is an Israeli pianist and educator.	Bella Shteinbuk	31 March 1960
date of birth	Yasmine Akram (born 11 March 1982) is an Irish actress, writer and comedian, best known for playing Janine Hawkins in the third series of Sherlock.	Yasmine Akram	1982
date of birth	Kateryna Vasylivna Bilokur (Ukrainian: Катерина Василівна Білокур; 7 December 1900 -- 10 June 1961) was a Ukrainian folk artist born in the Kiev Oblast.	Kateryna Vasylivna Bilokur	7 December 1900
date of birth	Manfred Kirchheimer (born 1931) is a documentary film maker and professor of film at the School of Visual Arts in New York City.	Manfred Kirchheimer	1931
date of birth	Nicolas Colibert, a French painter and engraver, was born in Paris in 1750.	Nicolas Colibert	1750
date of birth	Fakhra Salimi (born 18 November 1957 in Lahore, Pakistan) is a Pakistani-born Norwegian human rights activist, feminist, journalist and editor.	Fakhra Salimi	18 November 1957
date of birth	Mike Floyd (born 26 September 1976) is an English hammer thrower.	Mike Floyd	26 September 1976
date of birth	Stein Ole Larsen (born 30 April 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and banker.	Stein Ole Larsen	1963
date of birth	Michael Noer (born 21 March 1969) is an American business writer and editor who has worked for Forbes magazine and Wired Magazine, and is currently the executive news editor for Forbes.com.	Michael Noer	21 March 1969
date of birth	Youssef Zouaoui (Arabic: يوسف الزواوي‎; born 11 September 1946) is a Tunisian footballer.	Youssef Zouaoui	11 September 1946
date of birth	Cho Jung-hyun (Hangul: 조정현; born 12 November 1969) is a South Korean footballer.	Cho Jung-hyun	12 November 1969
date of birth	Michael Wilde, born on the Wirral, Cheshire in 1952, is a businessman who became Chairman of Southampton Football Club for two periods after the Club's relegation from the Premiership, resigning on 2 April 2009, the day after the Club's holding company, Southampton Leisure Holdings Plc, went into administration.	Michael Wilde	1952
date of birth	Alan Sunderland (born 1 July 1953) is an English former footballer who played in the Football League for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Arsenal and Ipswich Town.	Alan Sunderland	1 July 1953
date of birth	Kuldeep Raval (born 30 November 1985, full name Kuldeep Chandrakant Raval) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Saurashtra.	Kuldeep Raval	30 November 1985
date of birth	Jamie O'Sullivan (born 19 December 1988 in Southampton, Hampshire, United Kingdom) is a Gaelic footballer.	Jamie O'Sullivan	19 December 1988
date of birth	Snježana Kordić (pronounced (sɲêʒana kôːrdit͡ɕ); born 29 October 1964) is a Croatian linguist.	Snježana Kordić	29 October 1964
date of birth	Wing Commander Roland Robert Stanford Tuck DSO, DFC & Two Bars, AFC (1 July 1916 -- 5 May 1987) was a British fighter pilot and test pilot.	Robert Stanford Tuck	1 July 1916
date of birth	Zhou Haiyan (Chinese: 周海燕; born 3 January 1990) is a Chinese track and field athlete who competes in middle-distance events.	Zhou Haiyan	3 January 1990
date of birth	Jennifer Cossitt (née Birchall, born 22 June 1948 in Redcar, Yorkshire, England) was a Progressive Conservative party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Jennifer Cossitt	22 June 1948
date of birth	Sueiro Gomes de Soutomaior (1417 - ca.1490) was an important aristocrat in the kingdom of Galicia during the 15th century, heir to a lineage dating back at least to his great-grandmother, the great admiral and Galician earl Pai Gomes Charinho.	Sueiro Gomes de Soutomaior	1417
date of birth	Alick Isaacs FRS (17 July 1921 -- 26 January 1967) was a British virologist.	Alick Isaacs	17 July 1921
date of birth	Ely Galleani (born 24 April 1953), sometimes credited as Justine Gall and Ely Gall, is an Italian retired film actress.	Ely Galleani	24 April 1953
date of birth	Thomas Setzer Hutchison (29 October 1875 -- 11 March 1936) was an American military officer, volunteer officer in Greece, police commissioner, civil reformer, author and inventor.	Thomas Setzer Hutchison	29 October 1875
date of birth	Enrico Leide (1887-1970) was a concert cellist and orchestra conductor, conducting the first Atlanta Symphony Orchestra from 1920 to 1930.	Enrico Leide	1887
date of birth	Joseph Huglmann (also Josef Hügelmann) (1768, Vienna - ?) was a composer active in Vienna in the early nineteenth century.	Joseph Huglmann	1768
date of birth	Edward Winterhalder (born 1955) is an American author, television producer and screenwriter who has written eleven books and five screenplays about motorcycle clubs and the outlaw biker culture.	Edward Winterhalder	1955
date of birth	José Antonio Ocampo Gaviria (born 20 December 1952) is, since July 2007, Professor of Professional Practice in International and Public Affairs and Director of the Economic and Political Development Concentration at the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University.	José Antonio Ocampo	20 December 1952
date of birth	Firmin Gillot, father of Charles Gillot (1820-1872), invented in 1852 the paniconography for which he took a patent (photoengraving in relief according to the letterpress on several early plate).	Firmin Gillot	1820
date of birth	Christopher Charles Watts (also rendered Charles Christopher Watts; 6 May 1877, Kensworth - July 1958) was an Anglican Bishop.	Christopher Watts	6 May 1877
date of birth	Günther Kaufmann (16 June 1947 -- 10 May 2012) was a German film actor best known for his association with director Rainer Werner Fassbinder.	Günther Kaufmann	16 June 1947
date of birth	Priscilla Lee Presson (born 1980) is an American actress, musician, director, writer, and producer best known for her roles in underground B horror and comedy films.	Priscilla Lee Presson	1980
date of birth	Milica Majstorović (Serbian: Милица Мајсторовић; born 9 October 1989) is a Serbian singer.	Milica Majstorović	9 October 1989
date of birth	Shirana Shahbazi (born 1974) is an Iranian-born photographer who now lives in Switzerland.	Shirana Shahbazi	1974
date of birth	Wajih uz Zaman Khan also spelt Wajeeh uz Zaman Khan (born 27 October 1963), is a Pakistani politician and advocate from Oghi, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.	Wajih uz Zaman Khan	27 October 1963
date of birth	Francis Coquelin (born 13 May 1991) is a French footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Arsenal.	Francis Coquelin	13 May 1991
date of birth	Paul Beliën (born 1959), is a Flemish journalist, author and founder of the conservative-libertarian blog The Brussels Journal.	Paul Beliën	1959
date of birth	Leela Gandhi (born 1966) is John Hawkes Professor of Humanities and English at Brown University and a noted academic in the field of postcolonial theory.	Leela Gandhi	1966
date of birth	Ouyang Yu (Chinese: 歐陽昱; born 1955) is a contemporary Chinese-Australian author, translator and academic.	Ouyang Yu	1955
date of birth	Johann Sziklai (born 1947 in Dingolfing, Germany) is a poet and a teacher.	Johann Sziklai	1947
date of birth	Mary Lee Chan (1915--2002) was a civic activist in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, who is noted for leading the opposition to the bulldozing of the Strathcona neighbourhood in the late 1960s.	Mary Lee Chan	1915
date of birth	Alan Parastaev (Georgian: ალან ფარასტაევი; born 5 July 1951) is an ethnic Ossetian jurist and politician who had served in the separatist government of South Ossetia from 1992 to 2005.	Alan Parastaev	5 July 1951
date of birth	Charles Randolph Butler Jr. (born 1940, New York City, NY) is a United States federal judge.	Charles Randolph Butler Jr.	1940
date of birth	Yuriy Sablin (24 November 1897 -- 1937) was a Russian military leader, Socialist Revolutionary.	Yuriy Sablin	24 November 1897
date of birth	Irina Maracheva (born 29 September 1984) is a Russian athlete who competes in middle-distance running events.	Irina Maracheva	29 September 1984
date of birth	Chen Be-yue (Chinese: 陳碧玉; born 14 July 1948) is a member of the Council of Grand Justices, the constitutional court of the Republic of China on Taiwan.	Chen Be-yue	14 July 1948
date of birth	Slaviša Dvorančič (born 22 January 1979) is Slovenian football striker from Veliki Podlog.	Slaviša Dvorančič	22 January 1979
date of birth	Neville Bannister (born 21 July 1937) is an English former footballer who scored 30 goals from 154 appearances in the Football League playing as an outside right for Bolton Wanderers, Lincoln City, Hartlepools United and Rochdale.	Neville Bannister	21 July 1937
date of birth	William Pickford, 1st Baron Sterndale PC (1 October 1848--7 August 1923) was a British lawyer and judge.	William Pickford, 1st Baron Sterndale	1 October 1848
date of birth	Hagop Terzian (Armenian: Հակոբ Թերզեան; 22 August 1879 -- 1915) was an Armenian writer and pharmacist who lived in the Ottoman Empire.	Hagop Terzian	22 August 1879
date of birth	Shankar Babaji Patil (Devanagari: शंकर बाबाजी पाटील) (1926 - July 30, 1994) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra, India.	Shankar Babaji Patil	1926
date of birth	Lisa Lyttelton, Dowager Viscountess Cobham (born about 1958 as Lisa Clayton) is the first British woman to sail single-handed and non-stop around the world.	Lisa Clayton	1958
date of birth	Andrew Tranquilli (born 21 April 1972) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Australian Football League (AFL) during the 1990s.	Andrew Tranquilli	21 April 1972
date of birth	Roger Säljö (born 2 April 1948) is a Swedish educational psychologist whose research presents a socio-cultural perspective on human learning and development.	Roger Säljö	2 April 1948
date of birth	Andy English (born 1956) is an English wood engraving artist and educator who pioneered the use the of the Internet to teach a wider audience about wood engraving and how to do it.	Andy English	1956
date of birth	Daniel Bewick (27 August 1973), known professionally as Dan Bewick is a British music producer, composer and DJ. He is best known for his work as one half of the Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and as a composer of numerous television and film scores	Dan Bewick	27 August 1973
date of birth	Gaius Asinius Quadratus Protimus or Gaius Protimus Quadratus Asinius (ca. 165 - aft. 235) was the Proconsul of Achaea ca.	Gaius Asinius Quadratus Protimus	165
date of birth	Peter Fend is an American artist born in 1950.	Peter Fend	1950
date of birth	Susan Rae Wente (born 1962) is a cell biologist who currently holds the position of Provost and Vice Chancellor, Academic Affairs, at Vanderbilt University.	Susan Rae Wente	1962
date of birth	Hadrawi (born Mohamed Ibrahim Warsame in 1943) (Somali: Maxamed Ibraahim Warsame (Hadraawi), Arabic: محمد ابراهيم وارسام هدراوى‎) is a prominent Somali poet and songwriter.	Hadrawi	1943
date of birth	Janvi Chheda (born 29 February 1984) is an Indian model and television actress.	Janvi Chheda	29 February 1984
date of birth	Semjbaataryn Baatarsüren (Mongolian: Сэмжбаатарын Баатарсүрэн; born 10 November 1975) is a Mongolian international footballer.	Semjbaataryn Baatarsüren	10 November 1975
date of birth	Grace DeMoss Zwahlen (born 1927) is a former competitive women's American amateur golfer from Oregon.	Grace DeMoss	1927
date of birth	Alper Uludağ (born 11 December 1990) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a left back for Turkish club Akhisar Belediyespor.	Alper Uludağ	11 December 1990
date of birth	Sameer Nair (born 1965) is a Senior Indian media executive and business professional currently serving as Group CEO of Balaji Telefilms.	Sameer Nair	1965
date of birth	Esther Levine (born 1970 in Frankfurt am Main) is a German born, New York based photographer.	Esther Levine	1970
date of birth	Kirk Wagar (born July 13, 1969) is the United States Ambassador to Singapore.	Kirk Wagar	1969
date of birth	Kate Smurthwaite (born 9 December 1975) is a British stand-up comedian and political activist.	Kate Smurthwaite	9 December 1975
date of birth	Kevin Ashton (born 1968) is a British technology pioneer who cofounded the Auto-ID Center at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), which created a global standard system for RFID and other sensors.	Kevin Ashton	1968
date of birth	William Grainger Blount (1784 -- May 21, 1827) was an American politician who represented Tennessee's 2nd district in the United States House of Representatives from 1815 to 1819.	William Grainger Blount	1784
date of birth	Dr Ann Redgrave, Lady Redgrave (née Callaway; born 8 February 1960), is the wife of British rower Steve Redgrave and is a qualified British surgeon and osteopath.	Ann Redgrave	8 February 1960
date of birth	Izabelle Leite (born 1 September 1990) is a Brazilian model who was born in Joao Pessoa, She debuted in Sixteen, a 2013 film.	Izabelle Leite	1 September 1990
date of birth	Troy Reeb (born 1969 in Toronto, Ontario and raised in Alberta) is a Canadian journalist who currently serves as Senior Vice President of News for all Shaw Media properties, including Global TV.	Troy Reeb	1969
date of birth	Frederick T. Haneman (born 1863; date of death unknown) was an American author, known for being a main contributor to the Jewish Encyclopedia.	Frederick T. Haneman	1863
date of birth	Li Tixiang (Chinese: 李提香; Pinyin: Lǐ Tíxiāng; born 1 September 1989) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Beijing Guoan in the Chinese Super League.	Li Tixiang	1 September 1989
date of birth	Hemi Doron (Hebrew: חמי דורון‎, born 16 October 1956) is an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shinui, the Secular Faction and National Home between 2003 and 2006, and is currently mayor of Tayibe.	Hemi Doron	16 October 1956
date of birth	Jeng Jundian (Chinese: 鄭君殿; born 1963) is a Taiwanese painter and contemporary artist, known predominantly for his large scale works of portrait and landscape painted by layers of colorful lines;	Jeng Jundian	1963
date of birth	Patsy Reid (born 27 May 1983 in Dundee, Scotland) is a Scottish fiddle player and singer.	Patsy Reid	27 May 1983
date of birth	Charles Jock (born 23 November 1989) is an American middle-distance runner who specializes in the 800 meter discipline.	Charles Jock	23 November 1989
date of birth	Árni Johnsen (born 1 March 1944) is an Icelandic politician and criminal who was arrested and imprisoned in 2001 when it was discovered he had paid for his own personal property by using government accounts and was subsequently sentenced to two years in prison.	Árni Johnsen	1 March 1944
date of birth	Sara Davidson (born 1943) is a journalist, novelist, and screenwriter.	Sara Davidson	1943
date of birth	Mathias Schlung (born 11 May 1971 in Göttingen) is a German musical actor and comedian.	Mathias Schlung	11 May 1971
date of birth	Jeremy Griffith (born 1945) is an Australian biologist and author on the subject of the human condition.	Jeremy Griffith	1945
date of birth	Louis Vallario, also known as ``Big Louie'' and ``Big Lou'' (born 1942), is a member of the Gambino crime family who was a top aide to boss John Gotti and Salvatore ``Sammy the Bull'' Gravano in the late 1980s.	Louis Vallario	1942
date of birth	Ada Benjamin (born 18 May 1994) is a Nigerian athlete, specializing in sprinting.	Ada Benjamin	18 May 1994
date of birth	Lisa Lee Dark (born 16 April 1981 in Swansea, Wales), is a Welsh opera singer and voice actress.	Lisa Lee Dark	16 April 1981
date of birth	Anthony Morley (born 1972) is an English former model and convicted murderer.	Anthony Morley	1972
date of birth	Lorenzo Campins y Ballester (Palma de Mallorca, 1726 - Caracas, February 20, 1785).	Lorenzo Campins y Ballester	1726
date of birth	Francisco Aday Benítez Caraballo (born 16 December 1987), known as Aday, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Girona FC as a winger.	Aday Benítez	16 December 1987
date of birth	Francesco Segna S.T.D. (31 August 1836 - 4 January 1911) was a Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archivist of the Holy Roman Church.	Francesco Segna	31 August 1836
date of birth	Thomas Hazard (1610 - after 1677) was one of the nine founding settlers of Newport on Aquidneck Island (Rhode Island) in the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.	Thomas Hazard	1610
date of birth	George Oprescu (27 November 1881 -- 13 August 1969) was a Romanian historian, art critic and collector.	George Oprescu	27 November 1881
date of birth	Robert Gourd (1933 -- March 22, 2015) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons.	Robert Gourd	1933
date of birth	Robert Reid Raeburn (4 August 1819 -- 7 February 1888) was a Scottish architect in the mid-19th century operating primarily in and around Edinburgh.	Robert Reid Raeburn	4 August 1819
date of birth	Eric Barroso Sánchez (born 4 October 1990) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays mainly as a left back.	Eric Barroso	4 October 1990
date of birth	Michael Graczyk (b. 1950) is an American journalist based in the Houston bureau of the Associated Press.	Michael Graczyk	1950
date of birth	Brian Mac Farlane (born 1957) is a Trinidadian Carnival artist, known as a ``Mas'' Man'' in Trinidad and Tobago.	Brian Mac Farlane	1957
date of birth	Dinakara Desai was born in a Konkani Goud Saraswat Brahmin family in 1909.	Dinakara Desai	1909
date of birth	Derrie Fakhoury Hammad was born in Beirut in 1930, and studied painting at the Fine Arts Academy in Beirut.	Derrie Fakhoury	1930
date of birth	Kong Sam Ol (born 1 November 1936) is a Cambodian politician who has been Minister of the Royal Palace since 1998.	Kong Sam Ol	1 November 1936
date of birth	Helena Little (born 1960 in Hazel Grove) is an English actress who is best known for playing Mary Tomlinson in Casualty and she has also been in The Bill, Boon, Juliet Bravo, Between the Lines, A Touch of Frost, Peak Practice and Dangerfield.	Helena Little	1960
date of birth	Felicia Kentridge (née Geffen; 7 August 1930 -- 7 June 2015) was a South African lawyer and anti-apartheid activist who co-founded the South African Legal Resources Centre (LRC) in 1979.	Felicia Kentridge	7 August 1930
date of birth	Balapuwaduge Kusal Gimhan Mendis, known as Kusal Mendis (Sinhalese: කුසල් මෙන්ඩිස්; born 2 February 1995) is a professional Sri Lankan Test cricketer and first-class cricketer.	Kusal Mendis	2 February 1995
date of birth	Meelis Friedenthal (born 24 October 1973) is an Estonian writer of speculative fiction/science fiction.	Meelis Friedenthal	1973
date of birth	Henrik Jonback (born 1973) is a Swedish producer, songwriter and musician.	Henrik Jonback	1973
date of birth	Guy Martinolle (born 1 August 1951) is a retired French racing driver.	Guy Martinolle	1 August 1951
date of birth	Fazal Shah Sayyad (1827--1890) was a Punjabi poet known for his qissas (long poems) on tragic romances such as Sohni Mahiwal, Heer Ranjha and Laila Majnu.	Fazal Shah Sayyad	1827
date of birth	Fatmir Musaj (born 9 September 1958, in Kavajë) is an Albanian painter who served as Director of Albafilm.	Fatmir Musaj	9 September 1958
date of birth	Miguel Bejarano Moreno (born 5 December 1967) is a Spanish sculptor, known for his Roman Catholic statues for the famous processions of the Semana Santa (Holy Week).	Miguel Bejarano Moreno	5 December 1967
date of birth	Atheel al-Nujaifi (Arabic: أثيل النجيفي‎; Turkish: Esil Nuceyfi; born 1958) is an Iraqi politician who was the Governor of Nineveh Province from April 2009 until May 2015.	Atheel al-Nujaifi	1958
date of birth	Aage Møst (29 August 1923 -- 19 April 2011) was a Norwegian journalist and sports official.	Aage Møst	29 August 1923
date of birth	Nenad Dizdarević (born 21 May 1955) is a film director, screenwriter, producer, and teacher of cinema from Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Nenad Dizdarević	21 May 1955
date of birth	Corciolli (born 8 January 1968) is a Brazilian composer and producer of electronic, ambient, contemporary progressive, world and orchestral music.	Corciolli	8 January 1968
date of birth	Thierry Le Luron (French pronunciation: ​(tjɛʁi ləlyˈʁɔ̃); 2 April 1952 -- 13 November 1986) was a French impersonator and humorist.	Thierry Le Luron	2 April 1952
date of birth	Simon Halsey, CBE (born 8 March 1958) is an English choral conductor.	Simon Halsey	8 March 1958
date of birth	Kenji Ozawa (小沢 健二, Ozawa Kenji) is a Japanese musician born in 1968 in Sagamihara, Kanagawa.	Kenji Ozawa	1968
date of birth	Prospero Colonna (1452--1523), sometimes referred to as Prosper Colonna, was an Italian condottiero in the service of the Papal States and the Holy Roman Empire during the Italian Wars.	Prospero Colonna	1452
date of birth	Hushang Ansary (in Persian: هوشنگ انصاری, born 1926) is an Iranian-American diplomat, businessman, and philanthropist.	Hushang Ansary	1926
date of birth	Thaung Su Nyein (Burmese: သောင်းစုငြိမ်း; born 1977) is a Burmese businessman.	Thaung Su Nyein	1977
date of birth	Saikhom Mirabai Chanu (born 8 August 1994) is an Indian weightlifter who won silver medal in the women's 48 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow, where the gold medal was won by another Indian Khumukcham Sanjita.She hails from Manipur state of India.	Saikhom Mirabai Chanu	8 August 1994
date of birth	Evangelina Carrozzo (born 1981) is an Argentine model, beauty queen and dancer.	Evangelina Carrozzo	1981
date of birth	José Manuel Martínez Toral, simply Manolo (born 29 October 1960 in Caravaca, Region of Murcia), is a Spanish retired footballer.	José Manuel Martínez Toral	29 October 1960
date of birth	Sian Charlesworth (born 17 January 1987 in Bolton) is an English singer and former member of girl group Parade.	Sian Charlesworth	17 January 1987
date of birth	Choi Mong-lyong (born 1946) is an archaeologist and Professor in the Department of Archaeology and Art History at Seoul National University in Seoul, South Korea.	Choi Mong-lyong	1946
date of birth	Danny Rubin (born 1957) is an American screenwriter, actor, lecturer, and celebrity blogger.	Danny Rubin	1957
date of birth	Sharmin Akhter Supta (Bengali: শারমিন আক্তার সুপ্ত) (born: 31 December 1995, Gaibanda) is a Bangladeshi women cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women's cricket team.	Sharmin Akhter	31 December 1995
date of birth	Peter McCormack (born 1 August 1956) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Collingwood in the VFL during the late 1970s and 1980s before finishing his career with stints at Richmond and Fitzroy.	Peter McCormack	1 August 1956
date of birth	Grace Olive Wiley (1884 -- July 20, 1948) was an American herpetologist best known for her work with venomous snakes.	Grace Olive Wiley	1884
date of birth	Canon Richard Knowling, DD (1851 -- 4 July 1919) was the Chaplain of King's College London, Canon of Durham and Professor of Divinity at Durham University.	Richard Knowling	1851
date of birth	Mohit Burman (born 20 July 1968 at Calcutta, India) is an Indian businessman.	Mohit Burman	20 July 1968
date of birth	Wiltrud Urselmann (born 12 May 1942) is a German former breaststroke swimmer.	Wiltrud Urselmann	12 May 1942
date of birth	Gerold Huber (born 1969) is a German classical pianist, best known as the regular duo partner of baritone Christian Gerhaher and accompanist of other singers.	Gerold Huber	1969
date of birth	Canaan Ngandu (b. c. 1972) is a Zimbabwean sculptor.	Canaan Ngandu	1972
date of birth	Veronika Holletz (born 25 June 1945 in Berlin) is a retired German swimmer who won the bronze medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1962 European Aquatics Championships.	Veronika Holletz	25 June 1945
date of birth	William Bloomfield Douglas (25 September 1822 -- 5 March 1906) was a Welsh naval officer and public servant.	William Bloomfield Douglas	25 September 1822
date of birth	Jihmi Kennedy (born November 1956) is an American actor who is best known for his roles in Glory and Gung Ho.	Jihmi Kennedy	November 1956
date of birth	Garry Cook (born 10 January 1958) is a former British track and field athlete, who competed mainly in the 800 metres with a best time of 1:44.55 minutes.	Garry Cook	10 January 1958
date of birth	Iurie Priganiuc (born 23 October 1978) is a Moldovan professional footballer who last played for FC Druzhba Maykop in Russian Second Division.	Iurie Priganiuc	23 October 1978
date of birth	Matthew Nicks (born 13 May 1975) was an Australian Football League player.	Matthew Nicks	13 May 1975
date of birth	Abdur Raheem Green (born Anthony Vatswaf Galvin Green; 1962) is a British Salafi Muslim convert who is known in some Muslim communities for his work in Dawah, both in televised formal settings and informal contexts such as Hyde Park's Speakers Corner.	Abdur Raheem Green	1962
date of birth	Claes Robert Gidehag (born 23 May 1969 in Sollentuna, Stockholm County) is a Swedish economist and the President of the Swedish Taxpayers' Association.	Robert Gidehag	23 May 1969
date of birth	Lesléa Newman, born in 1955 in Brooklyn, New York, is an American author and editor.	Lesléa Newman	1955
date of birth	Daniel MacMillan (Scottish Gaelic: Dòmhnall MacMhaolain; 13 September 1813--27 June 1867) was a Scottish publisher from the Isle of Arran, Scotland.	Daniel MacMillan	13 September 1813
date of birth	David Cubitt (born 18 March 1965) is an English-born Canadian television actor.	David Cubitt	18 March 1965
date of birth	Erik Hedin (born 1974) is a sound designer and composer, and has worked closely with his partner Kjersti Horn.	Erik Hedin	1974
date of birth	Wang Chaoqun (Chinese: 汪超群; born November 1942) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Wang Chaoqun	1942
date of birth	Vito Carnevali (4 July 1888, in Rome -- c 1960, in Rome) was a composer of classical music.	Vito Carnevali	4 July 1888
date of birth	Lynne Serpe (/lɪn ˈsʌrpi/, born 1971) is a community organizer, environmental activist, urban gardener, consultant, electoral reform advocate and politician, based in Astoria, Queens, New York City.	Lynne Serpe	1971
date of birth	Charles Copeland Morse (1842--1900) was an American businessman known as the ``American Seed King''.	Charles Copeland Morse	1842
date of birth	Yara Naoum (Arabic: يارا نعوم‎, born 1987 in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian beauty queen.	Yara Naoum	1987
date of birth	Dr. Zoltán Timkó (11 June 1874 -- ?) was a Hungarian jurist, who served as Crown Prosecutor of Hungary from 1940 to 1944.	Zoltán Timkó	11 June 1874
date of birth	Andrew Schär (born 14 December 1981) is a South African-born film composer, actor, and musician.	Andrew Schär	14 December 1981
date of birth	Martin Marinov (Bulgarian: Мартин Маринов, born 25 October 1967) is a Bulgarian-born Australian flatwater canoer who competed from the late 1980s and the mid-2000s (decade).	Martin Marinov	25 October 1967
date of birth	Patricia Moore (born 1952) is an American industrial designer, gerontologist, and author.	Patricia Moore	1952
date of birth	İsmail Akçay (born in 1942) is a Turkish athlete.	İsmail Akçay	1942
date of birth	Daire Nolan (born 1 December 1968) is an Irish dancer and choreographer best known for his work in Lord of the Dance and Feet of Flames.	Daire Nolan	1 December 1968
date of birth	Elisabeth Trissenaar (born 13 April 1944) is an Austrian actress, who lives in Berlin.	Elisabeth Trissenaar	13 April 1944
date of birth	Petter Northug Jr. (born 6 January 1986) is a Norwegian cross country skier and double Olympic champion.	Petter Northug	6 January 1986
date of birth	Hugues Merle (1823--1881) was a French painter who mostly depicted sentimental or moral subjects.	Hugues Merle	1823
date of birth	Girish Kasaravalli (Kannada: ಗಿರೀಶ್ ಕಾಸರವಳ್ಳಿ); (born 3 December 1950) is an Indian film director, in the Kannada cinema, and one of the pioneers of the Parallel Cinema.	Girish Kasaravalli	3 December 1950
date of birth	Mehmet Ocaktan (born 8 June 1955, Karyağmaz, Balıkesir Province) is a Turkish journalist, and a former deputy for the Justice and Development Party (2007 to 2011).	Mehmet Ocaktan	8 June 1955
date of birth	Paula Hayes (born 1958 in Concord, Massachusetts) is an American visual artist and designer who works with sculpture, drawing, installation art, botany, and landscape design.	Paula Hayes	1958
date of birth	Egill Örn Egilsson ASC (ˈeiːjɪtl œrtn ˈeiːjɪlson) (born 31 August 1966), known as Eagle Egilsson (/ˈiːɡəl ˈeɪəlsən/ EE-gəl AY-il-sən), is an Icelandic television director and cinematographer.	Eagle Egilsson	31 August 1966
date of birth	Christina Stead (17 July 1902 -- 31 March 1983) was an Australian novelist and short-story writer acclaimed for her satirical wit and penetrating psychological characterisations.	Christina Stead	17 July 1902
date of birth	Meng Ge (Chinese: 梦鸽; born 1966) is the stage name of Liu Qingdi (刘清娣/劉清娣) is a Chinese military singer.	Meng Ge	1966
date of birth	Steven Claydon (born 1969) is a sculptor and musician based in London.	Steven Claydon	1969
date of birth	Yao Yuanhao (Chinese: 姚元浩), born Deng Yonglin (Chinese: 鄧詠麟; pinyin: Dèng Yǒnglín, 19 April 1982), is a Taiwanese actor.	Yao Yuanhao	19 April 1982
date of birth	Paulina Barzycka (born 18 March 1986) is a retired Polish swimmer who won two bronze medals at European Aquatics Championships, short course (2005) and long course (2006).	Paulina Barzycka	18 March 1986
date of birth	Our Conor (28 April 2009 -- 11 March 2014) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse best known for his performances in hurdle racing.	Our Conor	28 April 2009
date of birth	Patrick Durcan (born 1951) is an Irish District Court judge and a former Fine Gael politician.	Patrick Durcan	1951
date of birth	Sajid Nadiadwala (born 18 February 1966) is an Indian film producer and director, and owner of Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment.	Sajid Nadiadwala	18 February 1966
date of birth	Dean Cummings (born 30 March 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale F.C..	Dean Cummings	30 March 1993
date of birth	Fang Dianrong (Chinese: 方殿荣; born 1949) is a retired lieutenant general (zhong jiang) of the People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) of China.	Fang Dianrong	1949
date of birth	Toni Lamond AM (born 29 March 1932) is an Australian cabaret singer, stage and television actor, dancer and comedienne.	Toni Lamond	29 March 1932
date of birth	Cai Zongze (Chinese: 蔡宗泽; born 1951) is a Chinese politician.	Cai Zongze	1951
date of birth	Xavier Herbert (15 May 1901 -- 10 November 1984) was an Australian writer best known for his Miles Franklin Award-winning novel Poor Fellow My Country (1975).	Xavier Herbert	15 May 1901
date of birth	Fernando Botero Zea (born 23 August 1956) is a Colombian politician who served in several public positions, including as Defense Minister under President Ernesto Samper, for whom he was campaign manager in his presidential run.	Fernando Botero Zea	23 August 1956
date of birth	Dario Bisso Sabàdin (Dolo, 14 March 1964) is an Italian conductor and guitarist.	Dario Bisso Sabàdin	14 March 1964
date of birth	Louis Pfenninger (born 1 November 1944) is a former Swiss racing cyclist who won the Tour de Suisse in 1968 and 1972.	Louis Pfenninger	1 November 1944
date of birth	Dr Bernhard Meyer (24 August 1767 -- 1 January 1836) was a German physician and naturalist.	Bernhard Meyer	24 August 1767
date of birth	Abdulaziz Al-Aazmi (born 6 February 1991) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays as a Midfielder (association football) for Saudi Professional League team Al-Hilal F.C.	Abdulaziz Al-Aazmi	6 February 1991
date of birth	Khaled Abu Toameh (Arabic: خالد أبو طعمة‎, Hebrew: חאלד אבו טועמה‎; born 1963) is an Israeli Arab journalist, lecturer and documentary filmmaker.	Khaled Abu Toameh	1963
date of birth	Marc Sinden (born 9 May 1954) is an English film director, actor and theatre producer.	Marc Sinden	9 May 1954
date of birth	Steve Coury (born 1957) is a former American football wide receiver for the Oregon State Beavers and a current high school football coach and business executive.	Steve Coury	1957
date of birth	Michael C. Finnegan (born 1955 in Peekskill, New York) is the managing director of investment banking for JPMorgan Chase.	Michael C. Finnegan	1955
date of birth	Chao Chien-ming (Chinese: 趙建銘; pinyin: Zhào Jiànmíng; born 29 June 1972) is the son-in-law of Chen Shui-bian, the former president of the Republic of China on Taiwan.	Chao Chien-ming	29 June 1972
date of birth	Hans Hagerup Gyldenpalm (27 October 1717 -- 19 February 1781) was a Danish-Norwegian jurist and civil servant.	Hans Hagerup Gyldenpalm	27 October 1717
date of birth	Caleb Wright (1 August 1810 -- 28 April 1898) was a mill owner and Liberal politician in Lancashire, north-west England.	Caleb Wright	1 August 1810
date of birth	Stanley Mathenge wa Mirugi (born c. 1919 in Mahiga, Nyeri District) was a Mau Mau leader.	Stanley Mathenge	1919
date of birth	David Hellenius (born 28 February 1974) is a Swedish comedian and television presenter, often co-operating with Peter Magnusson.	David Hellenius	28 February 1974
date of birth	Claude Lecouteux (born 8 February 1943) is a French historian who specialises in the study of Europe during the Middle Ages.	Claude Lecouteux	1943
date of birth	Deborah Baxter (born 1953) is an English actress who appeared in the films A High Wind in Jamaica and The Wind and the Lion.	Deborah Baxter	1953
date of birth	Samantha Rebillet (born 8 January 1972) is an Australian film director, actress, screenwriter, producer, singer and songwriter.	Samantha Rebillet	8 January 1972
date of birth	Ariel Meredith (born July 11, 1986) is an American model who appeared in the 2009, 2012, 2013, 2014 and 2015 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues.	Ariel Meredith	1986
date of birth	Gabi Swiatkowska (born 1970) is a Polish-born artist, musician, and children's author and illustrator.	Gabi Swiatkowska	1970
date of birth	Paolo de Matteis (also known as Paolo de' Matteis; 9 February 1662 -- 26 January 1728) was an Italian painter.	Paolo de Matteis	9 February 1662
date of birth	Ronald L. Jackson II (born 1970) is an American academic and author.	Ronald L. Jackson II	1970
date of birth	Jean-Eudes Maurice (born 21 June 1986) is a Haitian footballer who played for Hà Nội F.C. (2011) in V.League 1.	Jean-Eudes Maurice	21 June 1986
date of birth	Polly Browne (aka Polly Brown) (born 18 April 1947) is an English singer.	Polly Brown	18 April 1947
date of birth	Hur Suk-ho (born 20 August 1973), who is usually known as SK Ho in English, is a South Korean professional golfer who plays mainly on the Japan Golf Tour.	Hur Suk-ho	20 August 1973
date of birth	Mark MacKinnon (born 1974) is a Canadian journalist, currently senior international correspondent for one of Canada's national newspapers, The Globe and Mail.	Mark MacKinnon	1974
date of birth	Alfred Angula (born 7 September 1965 in Tsumeb, Oshikoto Region) is a Namibian trade unionist.	Alfred Angula	7 September 1965
date of birth	Atli Guðnason (born 28 September 1984) is an Icelandic footballer, currently playing for FH as a winger or a striker.	Atli Guðnason	28 September 1984
date of birth	Rollin Howard (1840 - June 19, 1879) was an American minstrel performer, best known for his female blackface impersonations.	Rollin Howard	1840
date of birth	António Francisco Cardim (Viana do Alentejo, 1596 - Macau, 1659) was a Portuguese Jesuit priest, missionary and historian who recorded the events of the fathers and brothers of the Jesuit missions in China, Japan, and other places in the Far East.	António Francisco Cardim	1596
date of birth	Peter Chelsom (born 20 April 1956) is a British film director/writer.	Peter Chelsom	20 April 1956
date of birth	Liu Junning (simplified Chinese: 刘军宁; traditional Chinese: 劉軍寧; pinyin: Liú Jūnníng; born 1961) is a Chinese political scientist and one of the most prominent liberal voices inside Chinese academia.	Liu Junning	1961
date of birth	Yehuda Magidovitch (1886--1961) was one of the most prolific Israeli architects.	Yehuda Magidovitch	1886
date of birth	Merlie M. Alunan (born December 14, 1943, in Dingle, Iloilo) is a Filipina poet.	Merlie M. Alunan	1943
date of birth	Donal O'Donnell (born 1958) is a judge of the Supreme Court of Ireland since 2010.	Donal O'Donnell	1958
date of birth	Rizvan Umarov (born 5 April 1993) is an Azerbaijani international footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Rizvan Umarov	5 April 1993
date of birth	Kristina Olsson (born 1956) is an Australian writer, journalist and teacher.	Kristina Olsson	1956
date of birth	Ilija Batljan, born in 1967 is a Montenegrin-Swedish Social Democratic politician and since 2010 county commissioner and leader of the opposition in Stockholm County's County council.	Ilija Batljan	1967
date of birth	Jozo Špikić (born 31 March 1994) is a Bosnian Croat footballer who plays for NK Osijek in Croatia's Prva HNL, on loan from HNK Rijeka.	Jozo Špikić	31 March 1994
date of birth	Neil Killeen (born 17 October 1975 in Shotley Bridge, Consett, County Durham) is a former English cricketer who has played for the cricket teams of Durham CCC, Marylebone Cricket Club and Combined Universities.	Neil Killeen	17 October 1975
date of birth	Sadreddin Nizamettinovich Maksudov or Sadri Maksudi Arsal (1878--February 20, 1957) was a prominent Tatar and Turkish statesman, scholar and thinker.	Sadri Maksudi Arsal	1878
date of birth	Henry Holloway (1932--1999) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach.	Henry Holloway	1932
date of birth	Anne Lise Kjaer (born 15 March 1962 in Denmark) is a London-based futurist and keynote speaker.	Anne Lise Kjaer	15 March 1962
date of birth	Hafeez Manji (born 3 December 1987) is a former Kenyan cricketer whose single list-A appearance for the Kenyan national side came in October 2003, when he was aged only 15.	Hafeez Manji	3 December 1987
date of birth	Dustin Satloff (born 1993) is an American entrepreneur and professional sports photographer.	Dustin Satloff	1993
date of birth	Paul David Kerley III (born 30 May 1957), known professionally as David Kerley, is a correspondent for ABC News who is based in Washington, D.C..	David Kerley	30 May 1957
date of birth	Emperor Fei of Chen (陳廢帝) (554? -- 570), personal name Chen Bozong (陳伯宗), courtesy name Fengye (奉業), nickname Yaowang (藥王), also known by his post-removal title of Prince of Linhai (臨海王), was an emperor of the Chinese Chen Dynasty.	Emperor Fei of Chen	554
date of birth	Samuel Ogle (c. 1694 -- 3 May 1752) was the 16th, 18th and 20th Proprietary Governor of Maryland from 1731 to 1732, 1733 to 1742, and 1746/1747 to 1752.	Samuel Ogle	1694
date of birth	Mike Boettcher (born 1954) is an award winning American journalist and war correspondent.	Mike Boettcher	1954
date of birth	Dr Meena Shah (Born in 1954) is an Indian healthcare consultant.	Meena Shah	1954
date of birth	Vinsent (real name - Dzmitry Papko (Belarusian: Дзмітрый Папко) born 3 October 1988) is a Belarusian singer, hip-hop artist, actor.	Vinsent	3 October 1988
date of birth	``À la mémoire de Tony Bourg (1912--1991): collaborateur et fidèle ami de 'Ré-Création'''.	Tony Bourg	1912
date of birth	DJ Dazzle (born Martijn Wittenbols on 25 January 1977) is a Dutch electronic dance music DJ, producer and remixer.	DJ Dazzle	25 January 1977
date of birth	Lee Phillip (born 26 May 1981), sometimes referred to as Lee Philip or Philip Lee, is a Korean-American actor.	Lee Phillip	26 May 1981
date of birth	Francesco Sartori (born 1957) is an Italian composer and piano and trumpet player best known for composing ``Con te partirò'' (``With you, I will leave'') with Lucio Quarantotto for Andrea Bocelli.	Francesco Sartori	1957
date of birth	William B. Strang Jr. (1857--1921) was an American railroad magnate who platted Overland Park, Kansas and is considered the founder of the community.	William B. Strang Jr.	1857
date of birth	Lucy Bell (born 23 December 1968) is an English-born Australian actress who appears in Australian television and film.	Lucy Bell	23 December 1968
date of birth	Ubah Hassan (Somali: Ubax Xasan, Arabic: اباه حسن‎; born 27 August 1987) is a Somali-Canadian model.	Ubah Hassan	1987
date of birth	Otto I, Count of Salm (c. 1080 -- 1150) was a German nobleman.	Otto I, Count of Salm	1080
date of birth	Ignacio Uría Mendizábal (4 January 1938 -- 3 December 2008) was a Spanish Basque businessman and head of construction company, Altuna y Uría.	Ignacio Uría Mendizábal	4 January 1938
date of birth	Marek Kalivoda (born 2 August 1974) is a Czech former football player who has also worked as a football manager.	Marek Kalivoda	2 August 1974
date of birth	Mahmut Yavuz (born 1982) is a Turkish Navy officer, who serves, currently as a lieutenant, in the SAT Commando (Underwater Attack) unit of the Marines and Special Forces.	Mahmut Yavuz	1982
date of birth	Sofía Viacava Canessa (born October 1987) is a beauty pageant contestant and high fashion model.	Sofía Viacava	October 1987
date of birth	Pol Pot (/pɒl pɒt/; Khmer: ប៉ុល ពត; 19 May 1925 -- 15 April 1998), born Saloth Sar (Khmer: សាឡុត ស), was a Cambodian revolutionary who led the Khmer Rouge from 1963 until 1997.	Pol Pot	19 May 1925
date of birth	Willie McAndrew (1887--1965) was a Scottish footballer and manager.	Willie McAndrew	1887
date of birth	Germaine Koh (born 1967) is a Malaysian-born internationally active Canadian conceptual artist.	Germaine Koh	1967
date of birth	Vaggelis Kaounos (Greek: Βαγγέλης Καούνος; born 29 October 1977) is a former professional Greek footballer.	Vaggelis Kaounos	29 October 1977
date of birth	William Gilliam (1841 -- 1893) was an American Republican politician who served as a member of the Virginia House of Delegates, representing Prince George County from 1871 to 1875.	William Gilliam	1841
date of birth	Olav Aaraas (born 10 July 1950) is a Norwegian historian and museum director.	Olav Aaraas	10 July 1950
date of birth	Gintaras Šurkus (born 13 August 1953) is a Lithuanian balloonist and politician.	Gintaras Šurkus	13 August 1953
date of birth	Vian Sora (born 1976 in Baghdad, Iraq) is an Iraqi American artist.	Vian Sora	1976
date of birth	Josef Finger (1 January 1841 - 6 May 1925) was an Austrian physicist and mathematician.	Josef Finger	1 January 1841
date of birth	Qabdesh Zhumadilov (Kazakh: Қабдеш Жұмаділов, Russian: Кабдеш Жумадилов) (born 25 April 1936) is a Kazakh author and national writer of Kazakhstan.	Qabdesh Zhumadilov	25 April 1936
date of birth	Richard Windeyer (10 August 1806 -- 2 December 1847) was a journalist, barrister and Australian politician.	Richard Windeyer	10 August 1806
date of birth	Laurent Nottale (born 29 July 1952) is an astrophysicist, a director of research at CNRS, and a researcher at the Paris Observatory.	Laurent Nottale	29 July 1952
date of birth	Carlos Angelo Santana (born 19 April 1988) is a Cuban professional boxer, fighting out of Miami, Florida, promoted by Don King.	Angelo Santana	19 April 1988
date of birth	Bryan Larsen (born 1975) is a romantic realist painter based in Utah.	Bryan Larsen	1975
date of birth	Dr. V. Nagendra Prasad (Kannada: ಡಾ. ವಿ. ನಾಗೇಂದ್ರ ಪ್ರಸಾದ್) (born on 3 December 1975), known as Kaviratna V. Nagendra Prasad and Nalla Nagendra Prasad.	V. Nagendra Prasad	3 December 1975
date of birth	Alfredo Vernacotola (27 April 1978 -- 29 July 2015) was an Italian poet and writer.	Alfredo Vernacotola	27 April 1978
date of birth	Ronnie Sharp (born 28 November 1965) is a Scottish darts player who competed in the British Darts Organisation and is the former captain of Scotland.	Ronnie Sharp	28 November 1965
date of birth	U.Jimshad (born 10 June 1987) is an Indian football player who currently plays for MSP Delta Force of the Malabar Premier League as a forward.	U.Jimshad	10 June 1987
date of birth	Hans Plenk (born 21 February 1938) was a West German luger who competed during the 1960s.	Hans Plenk	21 February 1938
date of birth	Zuzana Tomas (born 15 February 1977, in Brezno), is a Slovak marathon runner.	Zuzana Tomas	15 February 1977
date of birth	Neil Durden-Smith OBE (born 18 August 1933, Richmond-upon-Thames, Surrey, England) is a former English sports commentator and first-class cricketer.	Neil Durden-Smith	18 August 1933
date of birth	Orphy Robinson (born 13 October 1960) is a British vibraphonist and multi-instrumentalist,of Jamaican descent who also plays the saxophone, trumpet, drums, piano, marimba and steel pans.	Orphy Robinson	13 October 1960
date of birth	Glenn Cockerill (born 25 August 1959) is a retired English footballer who played more than 700 games in The Football League in a 22-year career.	Glenn Cockerill	25 August 1959
date of birth	Susanna van Lee (ca. 1630 -- buried 13 January 1700) was a Dutch stage actor and ballet dancer.	Susanna van Lee	1630
date of birth	Sally Rosanna Lavelle (born 8 August 1979) better known simply as Rosanna Lavelle, is an English actress.	Rosanna Lavelle	8 August 1979
date of birth	Saud bin Nayef (born 1956) is the former head of the Crown Prince Court and special advisor to the Saudi Crown Prince.	Saud bin Nayef	1956
date of birth	Francis Agoda (born 4 April 1979), popularly known as I Go Dye or I Go Die, is a Nigerian comedian.	I Go Dye	4 April 1979
date of birth	Christian Manon (born 5 January 1950) is a French-Australian actor based in Sydney, best known for his work in theatre.	Christian Manon	5 January 1950
date of birth	Mitsunari Kanai (1938--2004) was an aikido teacher born in Japan, who spent most of his teaching career in the United States.	Mitsunari Kanai	1938
date of birth	Allan McKean (born 1944) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s.	Allan McKean	1944
date of birth	Daniel Maidman (born 1975) is a painter and art writer who lives in Brooklyn, New York.	Daniel Maidman	1975
date of birth	Adina Izarra (born 1959) is a Venezuelan musician, music educator and composer.	Adina Izarra	1959
date of birth	Eliodoro Forbicini (born 1533), who flourished from 1550 to 1570, was a native of Verona, who excelled in grotesques.	Eliodoro Forbicini	1533
date of birth	George Mira, Jr. (born c. 1965) if a former an All-American Middle linebacker for the University of Miami Hurricanes football team during the mid-1980s, taking over the reins after the departure of Jay Brophy.	George Mira, Jr.	1965
date of birth	Philip Boehm (born 1958) is an American playwright, theatre director and literary translator.	Philip Boehm	1958
date of birth	William G. Moseley (born 1965) is an author, scholar and professor of geography at Macalester College in Saint Paul, Minnesota.	William G. Moseley	1965
date of birth	Jérôme Sans (born 1960) is a director of contemporary arts institutions, critic and curator, living in Paris and Beijing.	Jérôme Sans	1960
date of birth	Beate Gummelt, née Anders (born 4 February 1968 in Leipzig), is a German track and field athlete.	Beate Gummelt	4 February 1968
date of birth	Yitzhak Katznelson (Hebrew: יצחק קצנלסון‎; born 1934) is an Israeli mathematician.	Yitzhak Katznelson	1934
date of birth	Kate Milner Rabb (1866, Spencer County, Indiana-1937) was a Hoosier author, a columnist for the Indianapolis Star who wrote on the history of Indiana.	Kate Milner Rabb	1866
date of birth	Rajesh Soni (6 August 1981) is an artist living in Udaipur, Rajasthan, who has become known primarily for his abilities to hand paint digital photographs.	Rajesh Soni	6 August 1981
date of birth	Balázs Baji (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈbɒlaːʒ ˈbɒji); born 9 June 1989 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian track and field athlete who specializes in the 60 metres hurdles and 110 metres hurdles.	Balázs Baji	9 June 1989
date of birth	Mary Davenport Engberg, also referred to as Mary Davenport-Engberg and Madame Davenport-Engberg (15 February 1880 in Spokane -- January 23, 1951 in Seattle) was an American violinist, composer and conductor.	Mary Davenport Engberg	15 February 1880
date of birth	Bodil Kjær (born 11 March 1932 in Hatting near Horsens) is a Danish architect, furniture designer, professor and researcher, who has specialized in interior design and city planning.	Bodil Kjær	11 March 1932
date of birth	Anthony Ausgang (born Anthony Charles Grant Thompson) is an artist and writer born in Pointe-à-Pierre, Trinidad and Tobago in 1959 who lives and works in Los Angeles.	Anthony Ausgang	1959
date of birth	Juliana Buhring (born 2 June 1981) is a British-German ultra-endurance cyclist and writer.	Juliana Buhring	2 June 1981
date of birth	Tero Karhu (born 28 September 1979) is a Finnish former footballer who represented FC Viikingit of the Finnish First Division.	Tero Karhu	28 September 1979
date of birth	Gretchen Egolf (born 9 September 1973) is an American theater, film and television actress.	Gretchen Egolf	9 September 1973
date of birth	Lee Seon-hwa (Korean 이선화) (born 10 February 1986) is a South Korean professional golfer now playing on the United States LPGA Tour.	Lee Seon-hwa	10 February 1986
date of birth	Paul Lukacs (1915--1982) was a Hungarian-born Israeli analyst and composer of problems in the ``play of the hand'' at contract bridge.	Paul Lukacs	1915
date of birth	Frederik Børsting (born 13 February 1995) is a Danish football player who plays for Danish Superliga side AaB.	Frederik Børsting	13 February 1995
date of birth	Tijs Michiel Verwest (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈtɛi̯s miˈxil vərˈʋɛst), born 17 January 1969), better known by his stage name Tiësto (/tiˈɛstoʊ/ tee-ES-toh; Dutch pronunciation: (ˈcɛstoː)), is a Dutch DJ and record producer.	Tiësto	17 January 1969
date of birth	Islam Shamshiev (ru:Ислам Шамшиев), born 1 March 1991, is a Kyrgyzstani footballer who is a midfield player of Dordoi Bishkek.	Islam Shamshiev	1 March 1991
date of birth	Aleksandra Zabrocka (born 27 June 1984) is a former cyclo cross rider and road cyclist from Poland.	Aleksandra Zabrocka	27 June 1984
date of birth	George L. Little (1950 or 1951 -- August 29, 2014) was an American costume designer.	George L. Little	1950
date of birth	Jacob Gildor (born in 1948) is an Israeli artist, representative of the Surrealist movement in Israeli art and of the group of ``Second Generation'' of Holocaust survivors artists.	Jacob Gildor	1948
date of birth	Sophia of Denmark (Sofia Eriksdotter; 1241--1286) was Queen consort of Sweden as the spouse of King Valdemar of Sweden.	Sophia of Denmark	1241
date of birth	Kausar Yazdani (born 1935 in Katalpur village, Uttar Pradesh), is an Indian Islamic scholar, author, journalist and activist and former Secretary for Dawah, Jamaat-e-Islami Hind.	Kausar Yazdani	1935
date of birth	Josephine Conger-Kaneko (born in 1874) was an American journalist and writer.	Josephine Conger-Kaneko	1874
date of birth	Suling Wang (Chinese: 王淑鈴) born in Taiwan in 1968, is an internationally recognized painter and contemporary artist, known predominantly for her large scale abstract works.	Suling Wang	1968
date of birth	Kim Ji-yeon (Hangul: 김지연; born 12 March 1988 in Busan) is a South Korean sabre fencer.	Kim Ji-yeon	12 March 1988
date of birth	John Brannon (born August 15, 1961) is the lead vocalist for the American hardcore punk band Negative Approach.	John Brannon	1961
date of birth	Kristaps Blanks (born 30 June 1986) is a Latvian football striker, currently playing for the Latvian First League club FC Caramba/Dinamo.	Kristaps Blanks	30 June 1986
date of birth	Edmund Rumpler (4 January 1872 -- 7 September 1940) was an Austrian automobile and aircraft designer.	Edmund Rumpler	4 January 1872
date of birth	Clint Arlen Lauderdale (1932 -- December 11, 2009) was an American diplomat who served as the United States Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Guyana from 1984 to 1987.	Clint Arlen Lauderdale	1932
date of birth	Huw Lewis-Jones (born 2 May 1980) is a British historian, editor, broadcaster and art director.	Huw Lewis-Jones	2 May 1980
date of birth	Dragan Paskaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Паскаш) (born 1951) is a Serbian general.	Dragan Paskaš	1951
date of birth	Gavin Rain (born 23 March 1971) is a contemporary South African artist, working primarily in acrylic, best known for his Neo-Pointillist style paintings.	Gavin Rain	23 March 1971
date of birth	Geoff Wragg (born 9 January 1930) was a Thoroughbred horse trainer who trained champion horses such as Teenoso and Jeune.	Geoff Wragg	9 January 1930
date of birth	Bronislava Dobiášová (born 27 April 1998) is a Slovak figure skater, the 2014 senior national champion.	Bronislava Dobiášová	27 April 1998
date of birth	Andro Wekua (Georgian: ანდრო ვეკუა) (born 1977) is a Georgian artist based in Zurich, Switzerland, and Berlin, Germany.	Andro Wekua	1977
date of birth	Iancu Văcărescu (1786-1863) was a Romanian Wallachian boyar and poet, member of the Văcărescu family.	Iancu Văcărescu	1786
date of birth	Pascal Martinot-Lagarde (born 22 September 1991) is a French track and field of Congolese origin, and an athlete who specialises in the 110 metres hurdles.	Pascal Martinot-Lagarde	22 September 1991
date of birth	Manmohan Ghose (1869 -- 4 January 1924) was an Indian poet and one of the first from India to write poetry in English.	Manmohan Ghose	1869
date of birth	Sophia Vandagne (born 2 November 1979) is a Seychellois former weightlifter and Olympian.	Sophia Vandagne	2 November 1979
date of birth	Jay Narayan Vyas (born 14 April 1947) is a politician, scholar, analyst, academician, administrator, manager & a public life functionary from Gujarat, India.	Jay Narayan Vyas	14 April 1947
date of birth	Gustav Christian Schwabe (10 May 1813 -- 10 January 1897) was a German-born merchant and financier who funded companies such as John Bibby & Sons, Harland and Wolff and the White Star Line.	Gustav Christian Schwabe	10 May 1813
date of birth	Jan Weber (also Honza Weber, born 28 August 1986) is multiple World and European Freestyle footbag champion.	Jan Weber	28 August 1986
date of birth	Jake Meyer (born 20 January 1984) is a British climber.	Jake Meyer	20 January 1984
date of birth	Roger Southam BSc (Hons) FRICS MIRPM (born 29 June 1962) is a British qualified chartered surveyor and managing agent, he features regularly on property and consumer TV programmes as well in national newspaper.	Roger Southam	29 June 1962
date of birth	Chitresh Das (Devanagari: चित्रेश दास) (9 November 1944 -- 4 January 2015) was a classical dancer of the North Indian style of Kathak.	Chitresh Das	9 November 1944
date of birth	Jelena Čanković (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелена Чанковић; born 13 August 1995), is a Serbian football midfielder who plays for FC Barcelona of Spain's Primera División.	Jelena Čanković	13 August 1995
date of birth	Sandy Lee (born 1964 in South Korea) is a Canadian lawyer and politician, who was a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories from 1999 to 2011.	Sandy Lee	1964
date of birth	Helge Torvund (born 20 August 1951) is a Norwegian psychologist, poet, essayist, literary critic and children's writer.	Helge Torvund	20 August 1951
date of birth	Zhang Yunshen (張允伸) (785 -- March 8, 872), courtesy name Fengchang (逢昌), formally Duke Zhonglie of Yan (燕忠烈公), was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty who ruled Lulong Circuit (盧龍), headquartered in modern Beijing in de facto independence from the imperial government.	Zhang Yunshen	785
date of birth	Robert J. Cohen (born 1948) is the Executive Director of the Legal Aid Society of Orange County.	Robert J. Cohen	1948
date of birth	Vasilis Papakonstantinou (Βασίλης Παπακωνσταντίνου) (21 June 1950) is a Greek singer known mostly for his work in Greek rock.	Vasilis Papakonstantinou	21 June 1950
date of birth	Horace Mayhew (20 June 1845 -- 15 August 1926) of Broughton Hall, Flintshire, was a British mining engineer and colliery owner who founded the town of Broughton, Nova Scotia, now one of Canada's most famous ghost towns.	Horace Mayhew	20 June 1845
date of birth	Ahmed Ould Daddah (Arabic: أحمد ولد داده‎, born 7 August 1942) is a Mauritanian economist, politician and civil servant.	Ahmed Ould Daddah	7 August 1942
date of birth	Claudia E. McCarthy (born 1949) from Cumberland County, New Jersey is the Millville Senior High School field hockey coach.	Claudia E. McCarthy	1949
date of birth	Jerrold Schwaber (1947 -- June 6, 2014) was an American biologist and geneticist.	Jerrold Schwaber	1947
date of birth	Aman Wote Fete (Amharic: አማን ወጤ; born 18 April 1984) is an Ethiopian runner who specializes in mostly middle-distance events.	Aman Wote	18 April 1984
date of birth	Homero de Miranda Leão (1 January 1913 -- 8 August 1987) was a poet, teacher and politician.	Homero de Miranda Leão	1 January 1913
date of birth	Rob Mazurek (born 1965) is an American composer, cornetist, improviser and visual artist living in Chicago, Illinois.	Rob Mazurek	1965
date of birth	Vijaypal Singh (born 1945) is an Indian scientist associated with the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) and is known for his contributions to the science of rice breeding.	Vijaypal Singh	1945
date of birth	Sef Vergoossen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˈsɛf ˈfɛr.ɣoʊ̯.sə(n)), born 5 August 1947 in Echt) is a former Dutch football manager.	Sef Vergoossen	5 August 1947
date of birth	Eraclio Minozzi (Vicenza, December 1847 -- after 1909) was an Italian painter, painting landscapes, genre, and portraits.	Eraclio Minozzi	December 1847
date of birth	Leighton Aspell (born 12 June 1976) is an Irish jockey, whose wins include the Champion Four Year Old Hurdle riding United, two runnings of the Welsh National, the 2014 Grand National riding Pineau de Re and the 2015 Grand National riding Many Clouds.	Leighton Aspell	12 June 1976
date of birth	John William Dunne FRAeS (1875--1949) was a British soldier, aeronautical engineer and philosopher.	John William Dunne	1875
date of birth	Greenbury Purnell (1794 -- April 15, 1857) was an early railroad executive from the U.S. state of Maryland.	Greenbury Purnell	1794
date of birth	Edward Delos Churchill (25 December 1895 -- 28 August 1972) was an American surgeon known for his work in thoracic surgery and remembered for describing the Churchill-Cope reflex.	Edward Delos Churchill	25 December 1895
date of birth	Amina Shah (born 31 October 1918) is a prominent anthologiser of Sufi stories and folk tales, and was for many years the Chairperson of the College of Storytellers.	Amina Shah	31 October 1918
date of birth	Wilhelm Kreuz (born 29 May 1949), nicknamed ``Willy'' or ``Willi'', is a former Austrian footballer.	Wilhelm Kreuz	29 May 1949
date of birth	Héctor Omar Hoffmann, better known as Sergio Denis (born in San José, Colony N° 2, Coronel Suárez, Buenos Aires Province, 16 March 1949) is an Argentine singer-songwriter and occasional actor.	Sergio Denis	16 March 1949
date of birth	Sebastian Gatzka (born 19 May 1982 in Rotenburg an der Fulda) is a German sprinter who specializes in the 400 metres.	Sebastian Gatzka	19 May 1982
date of birth	M'lita Dolores was born Mary Poole in Mollart Street, Hanley (Stoke-on-Trent) in 1890, and was an accomplished roller skater, trick cyclist, speciality dancer, and comedienne.	M'lita Dolores	1890
date of birth	Sylvia Ashley (1 April 1904 -- 29 June 1977) was an English model, actress and socialite, who was best known for her marriages to British aristocrats and American movie stars.	Sylvia Ashley	1 April 1904
date of birth	Jack Storms (born September 25, 1970) is an American glass sculptor and entrepreneur.	Jack Storms	1970
date of birth	James F. Reynolds (13 January 1919 - 25 August 25, 2003) was an American businessman, musician and pastor.	James F. Reynolds	13 January 1919
date of birth	Byron Bubb (born 17 December 1981) is a professional footballer, who is currently unattached having most recently played for Southern Football League side Northwood.	Byron Bubb	17 December 1981
date of birth	Franz Joseph Zoll was born at Möhringen an der Donau, in Baden, in 1772, and was first instructed by his father, a sculptor and painter.	Franz Joseph Zoll	1772
date of birth	Remi Kanazi (born 1981) is a Palestinian-American performance poet, writer and organizer based in New York City.	Remi Kanazi	1981
date of birth	Radoslav Radulović (Serbian Cyrillic: Радослав Радуловић, born 19 November 1972) is a former professional Bosnian Serb football player.	Radoslav Radulović	19 November 1972
date of birth	Zoran Batrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Батровић; born 4 February 1958) is a Montenegrin former footballer who played as striker for SFR Yugoslavia.	Zoran Batrović	4 February 1958
date of birth	Gregory Cousins (born 1964), of Tampa, Florida, was third mate at the time of Exxon Valdez oil spill.	Gregory Cousins	1964
date of birth	William Outis Allison (1849 -- December 18, 1924) was the first Mayor of Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey after it split from Englewood, New Jersey in 1895 and served four terms in office.	William Outis Allison	1849
date of birth	Louise Cordet (born Louise Boisot, 8 February 1945, England) was an English pop singer who also sang in French, best known as a one-hit wonder for her 1962 single, ``I'm Just a Baby''.	Louise Cordet	8 February 1945
date of birth	Darain Shahidi (born 21 September 1973 in Gaya, Bihar) is an Indian journalist, political commentator, news presenter and dastango (storyteller).	Darain Shahidi	21 September 1973
date of birth	Walter McCrae OBE (1929 - 22 September 2006) was a Scottish footballer and manager best known for managing Kilmarnock from 1968-1973.	Walter McCrae	1929
date of birth	John Sudholz (born 1 May 1946) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the VFL.	John Sudholz	1 May 1946
date of birth	Jeffrey H. Cohen, PhD, born in Brooklyn, NY in 1962 is an American Anthropologist.	Jeffrey H. Cohen	1962
date of birth	Roy McCormack (born 12 February 1949) was a Scottish footballer who played for Dumbarton, Dundee, Airdrie and East Stirling.	Roy McCormack	12 February 1949
date of birth	Vicente Álvarez Travieso (1705--1779) was a Spanish judge and politician who served as the first alguacil mayor of San Antonio, Texas, from 1731 until his death.	Vicente Álvarez Travieso	1705
date of birth	Tyler Dickerson (born 1993 in Hattiesburg, Mississippi) is an American country music artist signed to Lyric Street Records.	Tyler Dickerson	1993
date of birth	Anthony Stern was born in Cambridge, England in 1944 and first started making films while at Cambridge University, working as assistant to the avant-garde documentary film maker Peter Whitehead.	Anthony Stern	1944
date of birth	Mónica Lei Scaccia (born 1971 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss World Venezuela who placed fourth runner-up to Miss World 1993 as Miss World Americas.	Mónica Lei	1971
date of birth	Bo Svenson (born 13 February 1941) is a Swedish-born American actor, known for his roles in American genre films of the 1970s and 1980s.	Bo Svenson	13 February 1941
date of birth	Thomas Crapper (baptised 28 September 1836; died 27 January 1910) was a plumber who founded Thomas Crapper & Co in London.	Thomas Crapper	28 September 1836
date of birth	Raya Hatahet (born 26 December 1989 in Amman) is a Jordanian taekwondo martial artist.	Raya Hatahet	26 December 1989
date of birth	Kit Woolsey (born Christopher Robin Woolsey in 1943) is an American bridge and backgammon player.	Kit Woolsey	1943
date of birth	Jason Kane (born 16 November 1970 in London, England) is a British pool player nicknamed ``Tiger'' who has won a number of pool championships and who has a mark in the Guinness Book of World Records.	Jason Kane	16 November 1970
date of birth	Vincent Michael Brown (3 December 1971) is an English artist and portrait painter.	Vincent Michael Brown	3 December 1971
date of birth	Fabio D'Andrea (Italian pronunciation: (ˈfaːbjo ˌdanˈdrɛa)) (born 18 January 1980) is a British Italian pianist, composer, song writer and producer.	Fabio D'Andrea	18 January 1980
date of birth	Trish Sarson (born 1946) is a British/American computer scientist, consultant and information technology writer, known for developing data flow diagrams with Chris Gane in the 1970s.	Trish Sarson	1946
date of birth	Eli Fletcher (born in 1889) was an English footballer.	Eli Fletcher	1889
date of birth	Paul Mackney (born 25 March 1950) is a British educator and trade union leader.	Paul Mackney	25 March 1950
date of birth	Filip Hlohovský (born 13 June 1988) is a Slovak football winger who currently plays for the Fortuna Liga club MŠK Žilina.	Filip Hlohovský	13 June 1988
date of birth	Peter Kember (born 19 November 1965) is an English musician and producer, more usually known as Sonic Boom, and was a founding member of alternative rock band Spacemen 3.	Peter Kember	19 November 1965
date of birth	Jean-Pierre Aguilar, born in 1960 and died 4 July 2009, was a French entrepreneur.	Jean-Pierre Aguilar	1960
date of birth	Cen Xu (Chinese: 岑旭; born August 1952) is a vice admiral (zhong jiang) of China's People's Liberation Army Navy.	Cen Xu	August 1952
date of birth	Guðmann Þórisson (born 30 January 1987) is an Icelandic football player who currently plays for Úrvalsdeild side FH.	Guðmann Þórisson	30 January 1987
date of birth	Nicolas Marini (born 29 July 1993) is an Italian professional racing cyclist currently riding for UCI Professional Continental team Vini Fantini-Nippo.	Nicolas Marini	29 July 1993
date of birth	Tofazzal Hossain Manik Miah (Bengali: তফাজ্জল হোসেন মানিক মিয়া) (1911 - June 1, 1969) was a Bengali journalist and politician.	Tofazzal Hossain Manik Miah	1911
date of birth	Sonali Majumdar (born 28 November 2005) is an Indian professional salsa dancer.	Sonali Majumdar	2005
date of birth	Christina Novelli (born 27 November 1985) is a British DJ and vocalist who resides in London.	Christina Novelli	27 November 1985
date of birth	Micael Bindefeld (born 20 September 1959 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish planner of professional events parties in Stockholm.	Micael Bindefeld	20 September 1959
date of birth	António D'Andrade, or De Andrade, (13 April 1854 - 18 December 1942) was a Portuguese opera singer who sang leading tenor roles throughout the opera houses of Europe, often appearing with his younger brother, the baritone Francisco D'Andrade.	António D'Andrade	13 April 1854
date of birth	Ellen Pettitt (born 13 May 1986 in Perth) is an Australian high jumper turned triple jumper.	Ellen Pettitt	13 May 1986
date of birth	Nancy Fiddler (born 1956) was an American cross country skier who competed from 1988 to 1993.	Nancy Fiddler	1956
date of birth	Brandon Steiner (born June 23, 1959) is a sports marketer.	Brandon Steiner	1959
date of birth	Christoph Menz (born 22 December 1988) is a German footballer who currently plays for.	Christoph Menz	22 December 1988
date of birth	Pereira Silima (born 14 March 1959) is a Tanzanian CCM politician and Member of Parliament for Chumbuni constituency since 2010.	Pereira Silima	14 March 1959
date of birth	Angelos Chanti (Greek: Άγγελος Χαντί; born 7 September 1989) is a Greek footballer who plays for OFI Crete in the Greek Football League 2.	Angelos Chanti	7 September 1989
date of birth	Fulke Underhill (1578--1599) was the son of William Underhill of Warwickshire, owner of New Place in Stratford-Upon-Avon.	Fulke Underhill	1578
date of birth	Mark Dedrie (born 1962, Wilrijk, Belgium), is a Belgian sculptor.	Mark Dedrie	1962
date of birth	Zoe Fairbairns (born 1948) is a British feminist writer who has authored novels, short stories, radio plays and political pamphlets.	Zoe Fairbairns	1948
date of birth	John Fallon Colohan, Ireland's first motorist, 1862-1932?	John Fallon Colohan	1862
date of birth	James Anthony Lawson PC, QC (1817--1887), was an Irish academic, lawyer and judge.	James Anthony Lawson	1817
date of birth	Peter Knights (born 30 March 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer and coach.	Peter Knights	30 March 1952
date of birth	Michael Schulte (born 17 July 1963) in Aachen, Germany, is professor and chair of Nordic linguistics at the University of Agder in Norway.	Michael Schulte	17 July 1963
date of birth	Frank Samia (born 9 October 1981) is an Australian-born former rugby league player who represented Lebanon.	Frank Samia	9 October 1981
date of birth	Sandro Viletta (born 23 January 1986) is a Swiss World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist.	Sandro Viletta	23 January 1986
date of birth	Anne-Sofie Østvedt, (later married Strømnæs), (2 January 1920 -- 16 November 2009) was one of the leaders of the Norwegian intelligence organisation XU.	Anne-Sofie Østvedt	2 January 1920
date of birth	Heinz Voigt (11 September 1913 -- unknown) was a German jurist and diplomat who served as Ambassador to Australia, Morocco, Iraq, and Sweden.	Heinz Voigt	11 September 1913
date of birth	Léon Théry (16 April 1879 -- 8 March 1909) was a French racing driver, nicknamed ``Le Chronometer'', who won the premier European race, the Gordon Bennett Cup, in both 1904 and 1905.	Léon Théry	16 April 1879
date of birth	Richard Holloway, FRSE (born 26 November 1933) is a Scottish writer and broadcaster.	Richard Holloway	26 November 1933
date of birth	Tanya Chua (born 28 January 1975) is a 3-time Best Female Vocalist Golden Melody Award-winning Singaporean singer-songwriter.	Tanya Chua	28 January 1975
date of birth	Christiane Woopen (born 12 December 1962) is a German medical ethicist.	Christiane Woopen	12 December 1962
date of birth	Peter J. Tobin (born 1944 in Bronx, New York) is an American businessman and philanthropist who is affiliated with the Republican Party.	Peter J. Tobin	1944
date of birth	Sara al-Jarwan (Arabic: سارة الجروان‎; born 1969) is an Emirati novelist, short story writer and playwright.	Sara al-Jarwan	1969
date of birth	Antoni Stankiewicz JCD (born 1 October 1935) is a Polish Roman Catholic Bishop and Dean Emeritus of the Sacred Roman Rota.	Antoni Stankiewicz	1 October 1935
date of birth	Roman Kislyakov (Ukrainian: Роман Кисляков; born 2 May 1988) is a Ukrainian professional footballer.	Roman Kislyakov	2 May 1988
date of birth	Dennis Walsh (12 June 1933 -- 1 June 2005) was an English astronomer, born into a poor family in Manchester.	Dennis Walsh	12 June 1933
date of birth	Sue Kunitomi Embrey (1923--2006) was a teacher, activist and long-time chair of the Manzanar Committee, which established the annual Manzanar pilgrimage and obtained National Historic Site status for the former concentration camp.	Sue Kunitomi Embrey	1923
date of birth	Ekaterina Voronina (Russian: Екатерина Воронина; born 16 February 1992) is an Uzbekistani track and field athlete who competes in the heptathlon.	Ekaterina Voronina	16 February 1992
date of birth	Kazimieras Garšva (born November 11, 1950 in Linkuva, near Pakruojis) is a Lithuanian linguist, and the leader of the controversial ``Vilnija'' organisation.	Kazimieras Garšva	1950
date of birth	Gaspar de Rodas (1518--1607) was a Spanish administrator in the area that now comprises the present-day departments of Antioquia, Caldas, Quindío and Risaralda, in what is now Colombia.	Gaspar de Rodas	1518
date of birth	Nurettin Demirtaş (born 1972) is a pro-Kurdish people politician of the Peace and Democracy Party (BDP).	Nurettin Demirtaş	1972
date of birth	Freddy Shepherd (born 1942), is an English businessman and the former chairman of Newcastle United football club.	Freddy Shepherd	1942
date of birth	Marcos Luis Rocha Aquino or simply Marcos Rocha (born 11 December 1988), is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Mineiro as a right back.	Marcos Rocha	11 December 1988
date of birth	Li Ruogu (Chinese: 李若谷; born January 1951) is a Chinese banker.	Li Ruogu	1951
date of birth	Louis Kahan AO (5 May 1905 -- 16 July 2002) was an Austrian-born Australian artist whose long career included fashion design, illustration for magazines and journals, painting, printmaking and drawing.	Louis Kahan	1905
date of birth	David McKittrick (born 1949) is a Belfast-born journalist who has reported on Northern Ireland since 1971.	David McKittrick	1949
date of birth	Landry Chauvin (born 7 December 1968) is a French former footballer who most recently was the manager of Tunisian team Club Africain.	Landry Chauvin	7 December 1968
date of birth	Simon Lee Evans (born 13 October 1975) is a Welsh international referee.	Simon Lee Evans	13 October 1975
date of birth	Henry Vega (born 1973) is an award-winning composer and Electroacoustic musician from New York, currently living in The Hague, Netherlands.	Henry Vega	1973
date of birth	Bruno Matykiewicz (born 1959) is a former Polish weightlifter from Zaolzie who represented Czechoslovakia.	Bruno Matykiewicz	1959
date of birth	Yousef Mohammed Ibrahim (born 3 December 1982) is a Libyan futsal player.	Yousef Mohammed	3 December 1982
date of birth	James Hastie (1848 - 9 December 1897) was a British rower who won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta three times.	James Hastie	1848
date of birth	Rachel Cruze (born 1989) is an American author and activist for financial literacy.	Rachel Cruze	1989
date of birth	Francis Cowley (born 28 November 1957) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League, as a winger.	Francis Cowley	28 November 1957
date of birth	Josef Eduard Teltscher, born 15 January 1801 in Prague, Bohemia, was an Austrian painter and lithographer.	Josef Eduard Teltscher	15 January 1801
date of birth	Kunwer Sachdev (born 16 November 1962) is an Indian entrepreneur who is the founder and Managing Director of Su-kam Power Systems Ltd, an India-based power solutions provider, and a truly technology and innovation driven company.	Kunwer Sachdev	16 November 1962
date of birth	Júnior Aparecido Guimaro de Souza, simply known as Juninho (born 28 May 1989), is a Brazilian born, East Timorese footballer who plays for Sarawak F.C. as a winger in Malaysia Super League.	Júnior Aparecido Guimaro de Souza	28 May 1989
date of birth	Pamela Wright (born 26 June 1964 in Scotland) is a veteran professional golfer who used to play on the Ladies European Tour.	Pamela Wright	26 June 1964
date of birth	Vladimir Arsenijević (born 1965) is a Serbian novelist, columnist, translator, editor, musician, and publisher.	Vladimir Arsenijević	1965
date of birth	Espen Borge (born 8 September 1961) is a retired Norwegian runner who specialized in 1500 metres and 3000 metres steeplechase.	Espen Borge	8 September 1961
date of birth	Filip Đorđević (Serbian Cyrillic: Филип Ђорђевић; born 28 September 1987) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a striker for Italian club S.S. Lazio.	Filip Đorđević	28 September 1987
date of birth	Sir Christopher Hilliard or Hildyard (1567 - November 1634) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1589 and 1629.	Christopher Hilliard	1567
date of birth	Paul Frederick Kluge (born 1942 in New Jersey), commonly known as P. F. Kluge, is a novelist living in Gambier, Ohio.	P. F. Kluge	1942
date of birth	Hermann Köhler (born 12 January 1950 in Niedermarsberg, North Rhine-Westphalia) is a former sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	Hermann Köhler	12 January 1950
date of birth	Philip Spalding (born 19 November 1957, London, England) also known as Phil Spalding, is an English bass player.	Phil Spalding	19 November 1957
date of birth	Sam Sary (Khmer: សម សារី; 6 March 1917 -- c. 1962) was a Cambodian politician who participated in the so-called Bangkok Plot against Prince Norodom Sihanouk.	Sam Sary	1917
date of birth	Maia Estianty (born 27 January 1976), known as Maia Ahmad during her marriage to Dewa 19 frontman Ahmad Dhani, is an Indonesian songwriter, music producer, singer, dancer and actress.	Maia Estianty	27 January 1976
date of birth	Bonnie Canino (born 11 January 1962) is a former women's boxing world featherweight champion for two different associations.	Bonnie Canino	11 January 1962
date of birth	Demas Nwoko (born 1935) is a Nigerian artist, protean designer and architect.	Demas Nwoko	1935
date of birth	Nils Nordberg (born 26 March 1942 in Verdal) is a Norwegian crime writer, anthology editor and audio play director.	Nils Nordberg	26 March 1942
date of birth	Mustapha El Ahmadi (born 8 July 1968) is a French long-distance runner of Moroccan descent.	Mustapha El Ahmadi	8 July 1968
date of birth	Shi Xiaotian (Chinese: 石笑天; Pinyin: Shí Xiàotiān; born 6 March 1990) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Beijing Guoan on loan from Liaoning Whowin.	Shi Xiaotian	6 March 1990
date of birth	Frank Cunimondo (born 1934) is an American jazz pianist and educator based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA.	Frank Cunimondo	1934
date of birth	George Sidhom (Arabic: جورج سيدهم‎), born 28 May 1938, is a veteran Egyptian comedian.	George Sidhom	28 May 1938
date of birth	Odell Waller (1917 -- July 2, 1942) was an African American sharecropper from Gretna, Virginia executed for the fatal shooting of his white landlord, Oscar Wheldon Davis, on July 15, 1940.	Odell Waller	1917
date of birth	Jean Pougnet (20 July 1907 -- 14 July 1968) was a Mauritian-born concert violinist and orchestra leader, of British nationality, who was highly regarded in both the lighter and more serious classical repertoire during the first half of the twentieth century.	Jean Pougnet	20 July 1907
date of birth	Issa Boulos (b Jerusalem, 1968) is a Palestinian-American 'ud(1) player, composer, curriculum developer, researcher and educator.	Issa Boulos	1968
date of birth	Naetochukwu Chikwe (born 17 December 1982), stage name Naeto C, is a Nigerian rapper, Afrobeat artist and record producer.	Naeto C	17 December 1982
date of birth	Edward F. Mooney (born 1941) is a noted Kierkegaard scholar and Professor of Religion and Philosophy through 2013 at Syracuse University.	Edward F. Mooney	1941
date of birth	Ricardo Fargas Roger (born 24 May 1973), known as Ricky, is a Spanish former footballer.	Ricardo Fargas Roger	24 May 1973
date of birth	Simon Kent (born in Worksop on 14 March 1970) is a British sculptor, based in Nottinghamshire and South Yorkshire.	Simon Kent	14 March 1970
date of birth	Paula Marcela Moreno Zapata (born 11 November 1978) is a Colombian engineer and professor.	Paula Marcela Moreno Zapata	11 November 1978
date of birth	Catarina Pereira (born in Matosinhos, on 13 June 1990) is a Portuguese singer, dancer and actress.	Catarina Pereira	13 June 1990
date of birth	Robert Barney Dallenbach (born 1927) is a bishop in the Pillar of Fire International.	Robert Barney Dallenbach	1927
date of birth	Christopher Nwankwo (born 30 September 1941) is a Nigerian Senator, representing the Ebonyi North Senatorial District of Ebonyi State.	Christopher Nwankwo	30 September 1941
date of birth	Luis Gerardo Venegas Zumarán (born 21 June 1984) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for the Liga MX club Atlas.	Luis Gerardo Venegas	21 June 1984
date of birth	Terry Bishop (1912-1981) was a British screenwriter, television and film director.	Terry Bishop	1912
date of birth	Guy II de la Roche (1280 -- 5 October 1308) was the Duke of Athens from 1287, the last duke of his family.	Guy II de la Roche	1280
date of birth	Thomas Wilcox (c. 1549 -- 1608) was a British Puritan clergyman and controversialist.	Thomas Wilcox	1549
date of birth	Tom Gleeson (born 2 June 1974) is an Australian stand-up comedian and radio presenter.	Tom Gleeson	2 June 1974
date of birth	Emmanuel Di Donna (born December 1971 in Paris) is a New York-based art dealer and Director of Di Donna Galleries (formerly Blain Di Donna), a secondary market gallery specializing in artworks by Impressionist and 20th Century European and American masters.	Emmanuel Di Donna	1971
date of birth	Eyal Lahman (Hebrew: אייל לחמן‎, born 29 September 1965) is an Israeli football manager who currently manage Ironi Ashdod.	Eyal Lahman	29 September 1965
date of birth	Theodore Roosevelt V (born c. 1976) is an American businessman and environmentalist.	Theodore Roosevelt V	1976
date of birth	Stephen Crean (1947 -- 1985) was an Australian public servant, who was the son of Frank Crean and brother of Simon and David Crean, all politicians.	Stephen Crean	1947
date of birth	Ratnakar Hari Kelkar (22 June 1901 in Alibag -- 14 November 1985 in New Delhi) was a revisor and translator of the Bible into Marathi.	Ratnakar Hari Kelkar	22 June 1901
date of birth	Karel Kodejška (born 20 March 1947 in Lomnice nad Popelkou) is a Czech former ski jumper who competed from 1969 to 1976.	Karel Kodejška	20 March 1947
date of birth	Antonio Rocco Papaleo (16 August 1958) is an Italian actor, film director and singer.	Rocco Papaleo	16 August 1958
date of birth	Hughes de Beaumont (26 October 1874 -- 6 June 1947) was a French painter and engraver of genre, portraits, landscapes and still lifes.	Hughes de Beaumont	26 October 1874
date of birth	Tomy Winata (pronounced (ˈtomi wiˈnata) and sometimes misspelled as Tommy Winata); born Guo Shuo Feng 郭說鋒 on 23 July 1958; is an Indonesian businessman with interests in banking, property, and infrastructure.	Tomy Winata	23 July 1958
date of birth	Cyril Lello (1921--1997) was an English professional footballer who played for Shrewsbury Town, Everton, Rochdale and Runcorn.	Cyril Lello	1921
date of birth	Susi Jeans born Suzanne Hock (1911--1993), after 1935 also known by virtue of her husband's knighthood as Lady Jeans, was an Austrian-born professional organist, teacher and musicologist.	Susi Jeans	1911
date of birth	Lene Nystrøm Rasted (born Lene Grawford Nystrøm on 2 October 1973), better known by her stage name Lene, is a Norwegian singer-songwriter who is the lead vocalist of the Danish-Norwegian dance-pop group Aqua.	Lene Nystrøm	2 October 1973
date of birth	Jiang Hao (Chinese: 姜灏; Pinyin: Jiāng Hào; born 28 December 1988) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for Chinese Super League side Jiangsu Sainty.	Jiang Hao	28 December 1988
date of birth	Zheng Kai (simplified Chinese: 郑恺; traditional Chinese: 鄭愷 ; born 17 April 1986) also known as Ryan Zheng is a Chinese actor and television personality.	Zheng Kai	17 April 1986
date of birth	Massimo Di Cataldo (born 25 April 1968) is an Italian singer-songwriter and actor, mainly successful in the 1990s.	Massimo Di Cataldo	25 April 1968
date of birth	Zhao Wei (born 12 March 1976), also known as Vicki Zhao, is a Chinese actress, pop singer, and film director.	Zhao Wei	12 March 1976
date of birth	Vinay Rajkumar (born 7 May 1989) is an Indian actor who works in Kannada cinema.	Vinay Rajkumar	7 May 1989
date of birth	Chế Linh (Champa: Jamlen, Ninh Thuận Province, 1942) is a Vietnamese popular singer of Cham ethnicity.	Chế Linh	1942
date of birth	Gene Redding (born 1945, Anderson, Indiana) was an American singer, who was discovered by Etta James at a USO Club in Anchorage, Alaska.	Gene Redding	1945
date of birth	Marinos Mitralexis (Greek: Μαρίνος Μητραλέξης, 1920--1948) was a Greek Air Force pilot during World War II. He became legendary when he managed to bring down an enemy bomber by ramming its tail, on November 2, 1940.	Marinos Mitralexis	1920
date of birth	Michael Woolnough (born 24 September 1952) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong and Collingwood in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1970s.	Michael Woolnough	24 September 1952
date of birth	Farnoosh Torabi (born February, 1980) is an Iranian-American journalist, author, television personality, and personal finance expert.	Farnoosh Torabi	1980
date of birth	Mariana Loya (born 1979) is a beauty queen who has competed at both Miss America and Miss USA.	Mariana Loya	1979
date of birth	Neil Carpathios (born in 1961 in Columbus, Ohio) is an award-winning American poet., professor, weekly newspaper columnist, and monthly radio program host.	Neil Carpathios	1961
date of birth	Muhamad Salleh bin Perang (1841 - 21 July 1915), carrying the title Dato' Bentara Luar, held an important post in the administration of the Malaysian state of Johor from 1856 to 1912.	Muhamad Salleh bin Perang	1841
date of birth	Ugo De Censi Scarafoni (Polaggia, 26 January 1924) is an Italian Salesian priest, Peruvian citizen, founder of Operazione Mato Grosso (Operation Mato Grosso).	Ugo De Censi	26 January 1924
date of birth	William Purdie Dickson was born 22 October 1823 in Pettinain, Lanarkshire, Scotland, the son of George Dickson, a minister in Kilrenny, Fife, Scotland.	William Purdie Dickson	22 October 1823
date of birth	Latario Collie-Minns (born 10 March 1994 in Nassau) is a triple jumper from the Bahamas.	Latario Collie-Minns	10 March 1994
date of birth	Stefan Emmerling (born 10 February 1966 in Meckesheim) is a German retired football player who last managed Wormatia Worms.	Stefan Emmerling	10 February 1966
date of birth	Solomun (born Mladen Solomun: 1975 in Bosnia and Herzegovina), raised in Hamburg, is a DJ, producer and three time DJ Awards winner.	Solomun	1975
date of birth	Han Shuxiang (Chinese: 韩树祥; born 26 August 1965) is a Chinese former cyclist.	Han Shuxiang	26 August 1965
date of birth	Oliver Stummvoll (born 13 November 1995) is an Austrian model who rose to fame after winning cycle 6 of Austria's Next Topmodel in 2014.	Oliver Stummvoll	13 November 1995
date of birth	Joyce Kulhawik (born 1952) was the arts and entertainment anchor for CBS affiliate WBZ-TV News in Boston, Massachusetts.	Joyce Kulhawik	1952
date of birth	Oksana Ilyushkina (née Kochetkova; born 25 May 1974) is a retired Ukrainian athlete who specialized in the 400 metres and 800 metres.	Oksana Ilyushkina	25 May 1974
date of birth	Barbara Thorn (born 1954) is an actor based in Britain.	Barbara Thorn	1954
date of birth	Boris A. Novak (born 3 December 1953) is a Slovene poet, dramaturge and editor.	Boris A. Novak	3 December 1953
date of birth	Richard Brightfield (born 1927) is an American writer of children's gamebooks.	Richard Brightfield	1927
date of birth	Silvia Zarza Bris (born 30 April 1977) is a Spanish padel player and former football player.	Silvia Zarza	30 April 1977
date of birth	Petar Dachev (Bulgarian: Петър Дачев, born 15 June 1979) is a retired Bulgarian long jumper, best known for his gold medal at the 2000 European Indoor Championships.	Petar Dachev	15 June 1979
date of birth	Sana Saeed (born as Sana Abdul Ahad Saeed ; 22 September 1988) is an Indian actress and model, who appears in Bollywood films.	Sana Saeed	22 September 1988
date of birth	Milly D'Abbraccio (born 3 November 1964) is an Italian actress and pornographic actress.	Milly D'Abbraccio	3 November 1964
date of birth	Dag Otto Lauritzen (born 12 September 1956) is a retired Norwegian professional cyclist.	Dag Otto Lauritzen	12 September 1956
date of birth	Roger Geoffrey Clarke (8 July 1952 -- 28 January 2007), was an English ornithologist and world authority on harriers and other birds of prey.	Roger Geoffrey Clarke	8 July 1952
date of birth	Dori Monson (born 1961) is a conservative American radio personality who hosts the pre-game, post-game and halftime shows on the Seahawks Radio Network and the Dori Monson Show, an afternoon talk radio show in Seattle, Washington, on KIRO-FM.	Dori Monson	1961
date of birth	Ghassan bin Jiddo (in Tunisian Arabic غسان بن جدو) (Anglicized also as Ghassan Ben Jeddou), (born 8 August 1962) a veteran Tunisian / Lebanese journalist, activist and the director of Beirut-based pan-Arab satellite television channel, Al Mayadeen.	Ghassan bin Jiddo	8 August 1962
date of birth	Alan Edward Guttmacher, M.D. (born 1949 in Baltimore, Maryland) is the director of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD), one of the 27 institutes and centers that comprise the National Institutes of Health (NIH).	Alan Edward Guttmacher	1949
date of birth	Travis Dickinson (born 19 March 1988) is an English boxer who fights in the light heavyweight division.	Travis Dickinson	19 March 1988
date of birth	Brian Mondschein, Jr. (born 9 January 1983) is an American-born Israeli pole vaulter.	Brian Mondschein	9 January 1983
date of birth	Bawa Mumuni (born 13 October 1986) is a Ghanaian football player who last played for Vietnamese Second Division club Nam Dinh.	Bawa Mumuni	13 October 1986
date of birth	Mohammad Reza Barari (Persian: محمدرضا براری‎‎, born 31 March 1988 in Sari) is an Iranian weighlifter.	Mohammad Reza Barari	31 March 1988
date of birth	Finola Moorhead (born 1947) is an Australian novelist, playwright, essayist, poet, and reviewer.	Finola Moorhead	1947
date of birth	Grand Ayatollah Mohammad Rahmati Sirjani (Persian: محمد رحمتی سیرجانی) (born 1928) is an Iranian Twelver Shi'a Marja'.	Mohammad Rahmati Sirjani	1928
date of birth	Yan Shunkai (born in E'cheng, Hubei or Shanghai on 6 June 1937) is a Chinese comedian, actor and film director.	Yan Shunkai	6 June 1937
date of birth	Pierre Pansu (born 13 July 1959) is a French mathematician and a member of the Arthur Besse group and a close collaborator of Mikhail Gromov.	Pierre Pansu	13 July 1959
date of birth	Christine Rakhmanov (1760-1827), was a Russian stage actress and opera singer.	Christine Rakhmanov	1760
date of birth	Christodoulos Tsigantes (Greek: Χριστόδουλος Τσιγάντες; 30 January 1897 -- October 11, 1970) was a Greek general who distinguished himself as the commander of the Sacred Band during the second World War.	Christodoulos Tsigantes	30 January 1897
date of birth	Brad Troemel (born 1987) is an American artist, writer, and blogger and instructor based in New York.	Brad Troemel	1987
date of birth	Martin Schempp (23 March 1905 - 9 July 1984) was a glider pilot and founder of Schempp-Hirth, a major manufacturer of gliders.	Martin Schempp	23 March 1905
date of birth	Jean-Paul Samputu (born 15 March 1962) is a singer, songwriter, and musician from Rwanda.	Jean-Paul Samputu	15 March 1962
date of birth	Born July 1927 in Ruffa'a, Sudan, Mirghani Alnasri (Arabic : ميرغني النصري), was a well-known politician for over 40 years in The Republic of Sudan.	Mirghani Alnasri	July 1927
date of birth	Franciabigio (1482 -- January 24, 1525) was an Italian painter of the Florentine Renaissance.	Franciabigio	1482
date of birth	Wincenty Kowalski was born on 11 September 1892 in Warsaw to a family of humble workers.	Wincenty Kowalski	11 September 1892
date of birth	Erik De Clercq M.D. Ph.D., (1941) is a Belgian physician and biologist.	Erik De Clercq	1941
date of birth	Hervé Oussalé (born 16 June 1988 in Tyialo) is a Burkinabé football player who is currently unattached.	Hervé Oussalé	16 June 1988
date of birth	John Thomas Ikin, known as Jack Ikin (7 March 1918 -- 15 September 1984) was an English cricketer, who played in eighteen Tests from 1946 to 1955.	Jack Ikin	7 March 1918
date of birth	Kirsten Brunvoll, née Sørsdal (24 December 1895 -- 5 April 1976) was a Norwegian playwright, resistance member, Nacht und Nebel prisoner, World War II memoirist and politician for the Labour Party.	Kirsten Brunvoll	24 December 1895
date of birth	James Fitzmaurice-Kelly FBA (1858--1923) was a British writer on Spanish literature.	James Fitzmaurice-Kelly	1858
date of birth	Fakhr al-Din Qara Arslan (or Kara Arslan) (r. 1144--1174 CE) was a member of the Artuqid dynasty and son of Rukn al-Daula Dāʾūd, bey of Hasankeyf.	Kara Arslan	1144
date of birth	Birhan Woldu (born 1981) is an Ethiopian famed for being the starving child, near death, shown in a video at Live Aid in 1985.	Birhan Woldu	1981
date of birth	Alberto Meda is an engineer focusing on design, born in Lenno, in the Italian province of Como in 1945.	Alberto Meda	1945
date of birth	Alan F. Alford, (1961-November 14, 2011) B. Com, FCA, MBA was a British writer and speaker on the subjects of ancient religion, mythology, and Egyptology.	Alan F. Alford	1961
date of birth	Daniel Jaco van Heerden (born 26 January 1983) is a South African rugby union referee, currently on the Elite Panel of the South African Rugby Referees' Association.	Jaco van Heerden	26 January 1983
date of birth	Abu'l-Hasan Tahir ibn Muhammad ibn Amr (883-after 909) was amir of the Saffarid amirate from 901 until 909.	Tahir ibn Muhammad ibn Amr	883
date of birth	Rabbi (or Hakham) Mordechai Sharabi (1908, Jewish Sharab, Yemen -- 1984, Jerusalem, Israel) was the founder and rosh yeshiva of Yeshivat Nahar Shalom, a yeshiva for the study of the Kabbalah of the Rashash, in the Jerusalem neighborhood of Mahane Yehuda.	Mordechai Sharabi	1908
date of birth	The artist Rick Switzer (born 1944) is a sculptor born in Oshawa, Ontario.	Rick Switzer	1944
date of birth	Manavjit Singh Sandhu (born 3 November 1976) is an Indian sport shooter who specializes in trap shooting.	Manavjit Singh Sandhu	3 November 1976
date of birth	Lupe Anguiano (born 12 March 1929) is a Mexican-American civil rights activist known for her work on women's rights, the rights of the poor, and the protection of the environment.	Lupe Anguiano	12 March 1929
date of birth	Brooke Dolan II (1908-1945) was an American adventurer and naturalist in the 1930s and 1940s.	Brooke Dolan II	1908
date of birth	William S. Penn (born 1949) is a writer and English professor at Michigan State University.	William S. Penn	1949
date of birth	Edwina Jones (born 13 October 1946), born Edwina Cohen and commonly known by her first married name, Edwina Currie, is a former British Member of Parliament.	Edwina Currie	13 October 1946
date of birth	Charles Kaisin (5 December 1972) is a Belgian designer.	Charles Kaisin	5 December 1972
date of birth	Herman von Hebel (born 22 November 1961 in Coevorden, Netherlands) is the current Registrar of the International Criminal Court.	Herman von Hebel	22 November 1961
date of birth	Farooq Feroze Khan, NI(M), SBt, (born 17 August 1939), is a retired four-star air officer (Air Chief Marshal) in the Pakistan Air Force who was the 13th Chief of Air Staff of the Pakistan Air Force (PAF) from 1991 to 1994.	Farooq Feroze Khan	17 August 1939
date of birth	Erdin Demir (born 27 March 1990 as Demirovski) is a Swedish professional footballer, of Turkish descent, who plays as a left back for Waasland Beveren in the Belgian Pro League.	Erdin Demir	27 March 1990
date of birth	Stephen J. Hemsley (born 1952) is the Chief Executive Officer of UnitedHealth Group Inc.	Stephen J. Hemsley	1952
date of birth	Charles-Léonce Brossé (born 1871), also known as Bsor or Bzor, was a French painter; engraver and lithographer.	Charles-Léonce Brossé	1871
date of birth	Geoffrey Squires (born 16 November 1942, in Derry, Northern Ireland) is an Irish poet who works in what might loosely be termed the modernist tradition.	Geoffrey Squires	1942
date of birth	Sofía Montenegro Alarcón (born 1954) is an award winning Nicaraguan journalist, social researcher and feminist.	Sofía Montenegro	1954
date of birth	Trygve Thue (born 21 June 1950) is a Norwegian guitarist and music producer, who was with the original Saft line up.	Trygve Thue	21 June 1950
date of birth	Guglielmo da Marsiglia (1475--1537) was an Italian painter of stained glass of the 16th century.	Guglielmo da Marsiglia	1475
date of birth	Randall S. Street (1780 Catskill, then Albany Co., now Greene County, New York -- November 21, 1841 Monticello, Sullivan County, New York) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	Randall S. Street	1780
date of birth	Sir Eynion de Tilston (born c. 1126) was a Norman knight and first lord of the manor of Tilston in the English county of Cheshire.	Eynion de Tilston	1126
date of birth	Frank Gohlke (born April 3, 1942) is an American landscape photographer.	Frank Gohlke	1942
date of birth	Larry Towell (born 1953, Chatham-Kent, Ontario) is a Canadian photographer, poet, and oral historian.	Larry Towell	1953
date of birth	Diana King (born 8 November 1970) is a Jamaican singer-songwriter who performs a mixture and fusion of reggae, reggae fusion and dancehall.	Diana King	8 November 1970
date of birth	Toi Aukuso Cain (born 4 January 1959, died April 18, 2009) was a Samoan politician.	Toi Aukuso Cain	4 January 1959
date of birth	Merima Denboba (born 21 August 1974 in Arsi) is an Ethiopian former long-distance runner, who specialized in the 5000 metres and cross-country running.	Merima Denboba	21 August 1974
date of birth	Jennifer McMahon (born 1968 in Hartford, Connecticut) is a novelist who formerly resided in Barre, Vermont and now lives in Montpelier, Vermont.	Jennifer McMahon	1968
date of birth	Rose O'Neal Greenhow (1813 or 1814-- October 1, 1864) was a renowned Confederate spy during the American Civil War.	Rose O'Neal Greenhow	1814
date of birth	Markéta Konvičková (born 17 May 1994) is a Czech Český slavík-winning singer.	Markéta Konvičková	17 May 1994
date of birth	Visar Ymeri (born 1973) is an Albanian activist and politician.	Visar Ymeri	1973
date of birth	Oren Yiftachel (Hebrew: אורן יפתחאל‎, born 1956) is an Israeli professor specializing in political geography.	Oren Yiftachel	1956
date of birth	Herb Henderson (born 13 September 1930) is a former Australian rules footballer who was recruited by Footscray Football Club (now Western Bulldogs), in the Victorian Football League, now AFL from Mildura Imperials for the 1950 season.	Herb Henderson	13 September 1930
date of birth	Victor Sherlock (1924--2004) was a former Gaelic football player for Meath and Cavan.	Victor Sherlock	1924
date of birth	Tako Natsvlishvili (Georgian: თაკო ნაცვლიშვილი; born 9 October 1998) is a Georgian model.	Tako Natsvlishvili	9 October 1998
date of birth	Dina Hayek (Arabic: دينا حايك‎ born Collet Bou Gergis on 10 June 1982) is a popular Lebanese singer.	Dina Hayek	10 June 1982
date of birth	Drucilla Cornell (born 16 June 1950), is an American philosopher and feminist theorist, whose work has been influential in political and legal philosophy, ethics, deconstruction, critical theory, and feminism.	Drucilla Cornell	16 June 1950
date of birth	Eamon Everall (born 6 October 1948) is an English artist and educator.	Eamon Everall	6 October 1948
date of birth	Miroslav Rizov (born on 10 October 1976) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Bdin Vidin.	Miroslav Rizov	10 October 1976
date of birth	Oliver Hindle (born 17 November 1988) is an English singer-Songwriter and Music Producer from Leeds, UK, best known for his solo project Superpowerless, and YouTube persona, Oliver Age 24.	Superpowerless	17 November 1988
date of birth	Kapitänleutnant Friedrich Eckoldt (20 June 1887 -- 31 May 1916) was a German naval officer killed during World War I. He commanded torpedo boat V 48 which was sunk during the Battle of Jutland.	Friedrich Eckoldt	20 June 1887
date of birth	Nenad Nastić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Настић; born 8 May 1981) is a Serbian footballer.	Nenad Nastić	8 May 1981
date of birth	Ethan Juan (traditional Chinese: 阮經天; simplified Chinese: 阮经天; pinyin: Ruǎn Jīngtiān; Wade--Giles: Juan Ching-t'ien) was born on 8 November 1982.	Ethan Juan	8 November 1982
date of birth	Cemal Çavdarlı (born 15 March 1966) is a binational Turkish-Belgian politician, formerly active in the Socialist Party --	Cemal Çavdarlı	1966
date of birth	Saber Souid (born 9 March 1981) is a Tunisian former athlete specialising in the hammer throw.	Saber Souid	9 March 1981
date of birth	Jesper Lundgaard (born 12 June 1954) is a Danish jazz bassist, bandleader, composer and recording studio.	Jesper Lundgaard	12 June 1954
date of birth	Neil Cole (born 1 March 1972) is an English television presenter, comedian, radio broadcaster and actor.	Neil Cole	1 March 1972
date of birth	Mita Medici (born 20 August 1950) is an Italian actress, singer, model, and TV personality.	Mita Medici	20 August 1950
date of birth	Qi Jianguo (Chinese: 戚建国; born August 1952) is a general of the People's Liberation Army of China.	Qi Jianguo	August 1952
date of birth	Anara Gupta (born 29 August 1986) is an Indian model who won the ``Miss Jammu'' beauty pageant in 2001.	Anara Gupta	29 August 1986
date of birth	Ted Hearne (born 1982) is an American composer, singer and conductor.	Ted Hearne	1982
date of birth	Kurt Heggestad (born 19 August 1982) is a Norwegian former professional footballer who played as a left winger or left-back.	Kurt Heggestad	19 August 1982
date of birth	Andreas Skår Winther (born 10 April 1991 in Ålesund, Norway) is a Norwegian musician (drums), the younger brother of jazz guitarist Christian Skår Winther (b. 1989), and is known from bands like Megalodon Collective and Left Exit, Mr K.	Andreas Skår Winther	10 April 1991
date of birth	Mostafa Mofidi (born 1941) is an Iranian translator.	Mostafa Mofidi	1941
date of birth	Derek Roche (born 19 July 1972 in the New Ross, County Wexford, Ireland) is an Irish former professional boxer.	Derek Roche	19 July 1972
date of birth	Andrea Amort (1958 in Linz) is an Austrian dance critic, dance historian, playwright, festival and exhibition curator as well as a non-fiction writer.	Andrea Amort	1958
date of birth	Hamid Rashidi (born December 1961, Abadan), Lawyer and contemporary writer, essayists, the first writer of water & Power laws and the first encyclopedic writer in power laws.	Hamid Rashidi	1961
date of birth	Keith Jessop (10 May 1933 -- 22 May 2010) was a British salvage diver and successful marine treasure hunter.	Keith Jessop	10 May 1933
date of birth	Haliru Dantoro Kitoro III (1938 -- October 30, 2015) was a Nigerian traditional ruler and politician.	Haliru Dantoro	1938
date of birth	Jonas Bahamboula (born 2 February 1949) is a former Congolese international football winger.	Jonas Bahamboula	2 February 1949
date of birth	Alexander Baillie (born 6 January 1956) is an English cellist, recognised internationally as one of the finest of his generation.	Alexander Baillie	6 January 1956
date of birth	Christos Laskaris (Greek: Χρίστος Λάσκαρης, 1931 -- December 11, 2008) was a Greek poet.	Christos Laskaris	1931
date of birth	Andy Haigh (born 3 September 1975 in Warrington) is an English former rugby league player.	Andy Haigh	3 September 1975
date of birth	Thecla Åhlander (3 June 1855 - 8 April 1925) was a Swedish stage and film actress whose career began on the stage in the late 19th century and lasted through the early 1920s.	Thecla Åhlander	3 June 1855
date of birth	Anne Triola (born 1924) is an American singer, musician, and actress of stage, film, and television.	Anne Triola	1924
date of birth	Carwyn Williams (born 25 July 1965) is an ex-professional Surfer from Mumbles, Wales.	Carwyn Williams	25 July 1965
date of birth	Marianne Monson (1975) is an American children's author.	Marianne Monson	1975
date of birth	Helir-Valdor Seeder (born 7 September 1964) is an Estonian politician of the Union of Pro Patria and Res Publica who is the current Minister of Agriculture.	Helir-Valdor Seeder	7 September 1964
date of birth	Suzanne Neve (born 6 September 1939) is an English actress who appeared regularly on British television during the 1960s, including the lead role of Isabel Archer in the BBC's 1968 adaptation of Henry James's The Portrait of a Lady.	Suzanne Neve	1939
date of birth	Rahul Mishra (born 7 November 1979) is an Indian fashion designer based in Mumbai and Delhi, who won the 2014 International Woolmark Prize at Milan Fashion Week.	Rahul Mishra	7 November 1979
date of birth	Mordechai Bibi (Hebrew: מרדכי ביבי‎, born 1 July 1922) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Ahdut HaAvoda and its successors between 1959 and 1974.	Mordechai Bibi	1 July 1922
date of birth	Dick Gilbert (12 July 1889 -- 6 May 1960), was an American actor mainly associated with the Hal Roach Studios,where he appeared in numerous Our Gang and Laurel and Hardy comedies.	Dick Gilbert	12 July 1889
date of birth	Ryan Mullins (born 1981) is a Montreal-based Canadian film director, cinematographer and editor.	Ryan Mullins	1981
date of birth	Chaim Brovender (born 1941) is an Israeli Modern Orthodox and Religious Zionist rabbi.	Chaim Brovender	1941
date of birth	Laura Frey (born Laura Marie Pittson on 9 April 1970, London) is an English presenter and performer best known for her co hosting role on the national breakfast radio show on Classic Gold with Tony Blackburn.	Laura Frey	9 April 1970
date of birth	Joseph Paul Anthony Selmersheim, known as Tony Selmersheim (2 June 1871 -- 16 August 1971) was French architect and decorator.	Tony Selmersheim	1871
date of birth	Imdadul Haq Milon (Bengali: ইমদাদুল হক মিলন; born 8 September 1955) is a Bangladeshi novelist and editor of the daily Kaler Kantho.	Imdadul Haq Milon	8 September 1955
date of birth	Clive Lythgoe (9 April 1927 -- 4 September 2006), was a leading British classical pianist of the 1950s and 1960s, popular in the UK and the United States, where he was considered to be ``Britain's answer to Liberace''	Clive Lythgoe	9 April 1927
date of birth	Agenor Figueiredo Santos, commonly known as Agenor, (born 7 August 1981) is professional football defensive midfielder who plays for Brazilian side Santo André.	Agenor Figueiredo Santos	7 August 1981
date of birth	Don Mabie (born 1947), also known as Chuck Stake, is an artist based in Nakusp, British Columbia who has been performing, drawing, assembling, trading and mailing art since the early 1970s.	Don Mabie	1947
date of birth	Hege Søfteland (born 25 July 1959) is a Norwegian nationalist politician and immigration opponent.	Hege Søfteland	25 July 1959
date of birth	Anastassios Kakos (Greek: Αναστάσιος Κάκος; born 15 August 1970) is a Greek football referee.	Anastassios Kakos	15 August 1970
date of birth	Les Barrett (born 22 October 1947 in Chelsea) is an English former professional footballer, making the third-all-time record appearances for Fulham of 487 starts and 4 substitutions.	Les Barrett	22 October 1947
date of birth	Corrado Clini (born 17 July 1947) is an Italian politician and was the Italian minister of environment, land and sea (IMELS) in the Monti cabinet from November 2011 to April 2013.	Corrado Clini	17 July 1947
date of birth	Gerald Drucker (5 August 1925 -- 19 March 2010) was a British classical double bass player, photographer and double bass teacher.	Gerald Drucker	5 August 1925
date of birth	Russell Miller (born c. 1938) is a British journalist and author of fifteen books, including biographies of Hugh Hefner, J. Paul Getty and L. Ron Hubbard.	Russell Miller	1938
date of birth	Kuno Pajula (before 1936 Kuno Preis; 11 March 1924 -- 26 November 2012) was an Estonian clergyman.	Kuno Pajula	11 March 1924
date of birth	Frederico Filipe Teixeira Ribeiro (born 5 April 1982 in Felgueiras), known as Zamorano, is a Portuguese retired footballer.	Frederico Filipe Teixeira Ribeiro	5 April 1982
date of birth	Richard Murrie (born 25 June 1955) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Footscray, Geelong and Richmond in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Richard Murrie	25 June 1955
date of birth	Luke Godden (born 21 September 1978) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League Godden was drafted in the 1995 AFL Draft at number 40 to Collingwood after playing with the Northern Knights U18 side.	Luke Godden	21 September 1978
date of birth	Chris Dunphy (born 26 October 1950) is the chairman of Rochdale Association Football Club (RAFC) in Greater Manchester, England.	Chris Dunphy	26 October 1950
date of birth	Lewis Kidd (born 30 January 1995) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays for Queen of the South, as a full back and midfielder.	Lewis Kidd	30 January 1995
date of birth	Bruce McDaniel was born in Boston, Massachusetts of Mexican and Scottish/American parents on 23 September 1962 and grew up in New York.	Bruce McDaniel	23 September 1962
date of birth	Marta Walczykiewicz (born 1 August 1987) is a Polish sprint canoer who has competed since the late 2000s.	Marta Walczykiewicz	1 August 1987
date of birth	Crispen Sachikonye (born 28 March 1969) is a Zimbabwean entrepreneur and co-founder of Hash Three (PVT) Limited, one of Zimbabwe's largest advertising agencies, which has interests in four internationally affiliated advertising agencies across three southern African countries.	Crispen Sachikonye	28 March 1969
date of birth	Zohra Sehgal (27 April 1912 -- 10 July 2014) was an Indian actress and choreographer.	Zohra Sehgal	27 April 1912
date of birth	Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty (born 1981) is a British television and film actress, dancer and singer.	Lucinda Rhodes-Flaherty	1981
date of birth	Truman C. Everts (1816 -- February 16, 1901) was part of the 1870 Washburn-Langford-Doane Expedition exploring the area which later became Yellowstone National Park.	Truman C. Everts	1816
date of birth	Marie José of Belgium (Marie José Charlotte Sophie Amélie Henriette Gabrielle; 4 August 1906 -- 27 January 2001) was the last Queen of Italy.	Marie José of Belgium	4 August 1906
date of birth	Cherie Bennett (born 1960 in Buffalo, New York) is an American novelist, actress, director, playwright, newspaper columnist, singer, and television writer on the CBS Daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless.	Cherie Bennett	1960
date of birth	Kurt Presslmayr (born 6 February 1943) is an Austrian retired slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.	Kurt Presslmayr	6 February 1943
date of birth	Elena Melnik (Russian: Елена Мельник; born September 8, 1986 in Sverdlovsk, Soviet Union) is a Russian fashion model.	Elena Melnik	1986
date of birth	Alexander Asum-Ahensah (born 23 July 1953) is a Ghanaian politician and educationist.	Alexander Asum-Ahensah	23 July 1953
date of birth	Alfredo Marcos da Silva Junior, known as Marcão (born 2 April 1986) is a Brazilian professional footballer who most recently played for Belgian club Westerlo, as a striker.	Alfredo Marcos da Silva Junior	2 April 1986
date of birth	Wong Yeung-tat (Chinese: 黃洋達; born 29 May 1979) is a Hong Kong social activist and the founder and leader of radical populist group Civic Passion.	Wong Yeung-tat	29 May 1979
date of birth	Les Wallace (born 22 February 1962 in Forres) is a Scottish, former World Champion darts player.	Les Wallace	22 February 1962
date of birth	Orm Fowler (4 December 1891 -- 25 July 1963) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Orm Fowler	4 December 1891
date of birth	Thijs Houwing (born 22 April 1981) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a striker.	Thijs Houwing	22 April 1981
date of birth	Milen Hristov (born 20 March 1977) is a Bulgarian footballer who is coach at Neftochimic Burgas.	Milen Hristov	20 March 1977
date of birth	Iakovos Theofilas (Greek: Ιάκωβος Θεοφιλάς, born 22 October 1861, date of death unknown) was a Greek sports shooter.	Iakovos Theofilas	22 October 1861
date of birth	Florence Aylward (10 March 1862 -- 14 October 1950) was an English composer known for ballads.	Florence Aylward	10 March 1862
date of birth	Álvaro José Negret (1949 -- July 18, 1998) was a Colombian scientist and author specializing in ornithology and conservation.	Álvaro José Negret	1949
date of birth	Sir Edward Poynings KG (1459 -- 22 October 1521) was an English soldier, administrator and diplomat, and Lord Deputy of Ireland under King Henry VII of England.	Edward Poynings	1459
date of birth	Pomponio Amalteo (1505 -- 9 March 1588) was an Italian painter of the Venetian school.	Pomponio Amalteo	1505
date of birth	Arne Lothe (born 22 May 1938 in Sandane) is a Norwegian track and field athlete, known primarily for the hammer throw.	Arne Lothe	22 May 1938
date of birth	Paul Fussell, Jr. (22 March 1924 -- 23 May 2012) was an American cultural and literary historian, author and university professor.	Paul Fussell	22 March 1924
date of birth	Pierre Gramegna (born 22 April 1958) is a career diplomat and former lobbyist who is currently the Minister for Finances in the Bettel--	Pierre Gramegna	22 April 1958
date of birth	Gojko Čelebić (Cyrillic: Гојко Челебић) (born 1958) is a Montenegrin writer and diplomat.	Gojko Čelebić	1958
date of birth	Mahabali Singh (born 20 April 1955 Bhabua Kaimur district Bihar) is an Indian politician.	Mahabali Singh	20 April 1955
date of birth	Helmut Kirchberg (31 January 1906 -- 23 May 1983) was a German Mining scientist.	Helmut Kirchberg	31 January 1906
date of birth	Zsuzsanna Veress (born 6 March 1976 in Békéscsaba) is a Hungarian handball goalkeeper who plays for Békéscsabai Előre NKSE.	Zsuzsanna Veress	6 March 1976
date of birth	Vilas Rupawate (b 16 March 1967) is an Indian politician from the state of Maharashtra, working for betterment of Dalits, devadasis and widows.	Vilas Rupawate	16 March 1967
date of birth	Anouar Hajoui better known as DJ Cut Killer or just Cut Killer (French pronunciation: ​(kœt kiˈlœʁ); born 6 May 1971) is a renowned French DJ of Moroccan origin with a versatile repertoire of hip hop and rap.	Cut Killer	6 May 1971
date of birth	Lady Susannah Holford (nickname Tottie) was born in 1864 to Arthur and Mary Wilson of Tranby Croft.	Lady Susannah Holford	1864
date of birth	King Sanjaya of Mataram (AD 732 -- 746) or in complete stylized name known as Rakai Mataram Sang Ratu Sanjaya (King Sanjaya Rakai (lord) of Mataram) was the founder of Mataram Kingdom during the eighth century.	Sanjaya of Mataram	732
date of birth	Ole-Johan Dahl (12 October 1931 -- 29 June 2002) was a Norwegian computer scientist and is considered to be one of the fathers of Simula and object-oriented programming along with Kristen Nygaard.	Ole-Johan Dahl	12 October 1931
date of birth	Barbra Ring (4 July 1870 -- 6 May 1955) was a Norwegian novelist, short story writer, children's writer, biographer, literary critic and theatre critic.	Barbra Ring	4 July 1870
date of birth	Charlie Trafford (born 24 May 1992) is a Canadian professional soccer player who plays for Korona Kielce.	Charlie Trafford	24 May 1992
date of birth	Airton Ribeiro Santos (born 21 February 1990), known simply as Airton, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Botafogo.	Airton Ribeiro Santos	21 February 1990
date of birth	Cecil Touchon Born 1956 Austin, Texas is a contemporary American collage artist, painter, published poet and theorist living in Pagosa Springs, Colorado.	Cecil Touchon	1956
date of birth	Tomislav Torjanac (born 1972) is a Croatian illustrator, who works mostly in oil paints combined with a digital medium.	Tomislav Torjanac	1972
date of birth	Aaron Kelton (born c. 1974) is an American college football coach.	Aaron Kelton	1974
date of birth	Jacob Bailey Moore (31 October 1797 -- 1 September 1853) was an American journalist and historical writer.	Jacob Bailey Moore	31 October 1797
date of birth	Emina Zečaj (née Ahmedhodžić; born 17 March 1939) is a Bosnian interpreter of the traditional Bosniak folk music, sevdalinka.	Emina Zečaj	17 March 1939
date of birth	Denis Osadchenko (born 11 May 1990 in Kiev) is a Ukrainian-German football player who is currently a free agent.	Denis Osadchenko	11 May 1990
date of birth	George Rodney Eden (9 September 1853 -- 7 January 1940) was an Anglican bishop, Bishop of Dover and Wakefield.	Rodney Eden	9 September 1853
date of birth	Felix C. Gotschalk (1929 -- April 20, 2002) was an American science fiction writer with a distinct, idiosyncratic style, his work marked by energetic exploration of social and sexual taboos.	Felix C. Gotschalk	1929
date of birth	Milorad Milinković (born 1965) is a well known Serbian film director and screenwriter.	Milorad Milinković	1965
date of birth	Diana Magdalene Roloff (21 April 1945 -- 11 April 2000), known professionally as Diana Darvey, was an English actress, singer and dancer, best known for her appearances on The Benny Hill Show.	Diana Darvey	21 April 1945
date of birth	Damion Barry (born 3 March 1982 in Chaguanas) is a sprinter from Trinidad and Tobago who specializes in the 400 metres.	Damion Barry	3 March 1982
date of birth	Jorge Luengo (born 18 February 1984 in Caceres) is a Spanish magician and illusionist.	Jorge Luengo	18 February 1984
date of birth	Bill Ballenger (born 28 March 1941) was the editor of Inside Michigan Politics a newsletter of Michigan Politics until he was fired in 2016 after making controversial statements about the Flint water crisis.	Bill Ballenger	28 March 1941
date of birth	Frances Stark (born 1967) is an interdisciplinary artist and writer, whose work centers on the use and meaning of language, and the translation of this process into the creative act.	Frances Stark	1967
date of birth	Thomas Leeson Scrase Rowbotham (sometimes called Thomas Leeson Rowbotham the Elder or Thomas Leeson Rowbotham Senior; and his third forename sometimes given as Scarse) (1782--1853) was an English watercolourist and oil painter.	Thomas Leeson Scrase Rowbotham	1782
date of birth	Mark Bellofiore (born 13 April 1983 in Melbourne) is an Australian slalom canoer who competed in the 2000s.	Mark Bellofiore	13 April 1983
date of birth	Alexander Souter (14 August 1873 -- 17 January 1949) was a Scottish biblical scholar.	Alexander Souter	14 August 1873
date of birth	Simonetta Stefanelli (born 30 November 1954) is an Italian actress, entrepreneur and fashion designer.	Simonetta Stefanelli	30 November 1954
date of birth	Chet Faliszek (born 1965) is an American videogame writer and one of the main writers for the Valve Corporation, along with Erik Wolpaw and Marc Laidlaw.	Chet Faliszek	1965
date of birth	Hilary Bradt MBE (born 17 July 1941) is the founder of Bradt Travel Guides, a publisher which became an increasingly visible presence in the travel guide book world starting in the mid-1970s.	Hilary Bradt	17 July 1941
date of birth	Kriss Akabusi MBE (born Kezie Uchechukwu Duru Akabusi, 28 November 1958) is a retired British sprint and hurdling track and field athlete.	Kriss Akabusi	28 November 1958
date of birth	John Mickel (born 28 January 1971, in Cambridge, England), is a stock car racer and commentator.	John Mickel	28 January 1971
date of birth	Ali Lmrabet (born 1959) is a Moroccan journalist and a member of the Moroccan Association for Human Rights.	Ali Lmrabet	1959
date of birth	Andrew Dunemann (born 10 June 1976 in Brisbane, Queensland) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Andrew Dunemann	10 June 1976
date of birth	Sir John Arnold Clark (born 27 November 1927) is a Scottish businessman, ranked #4 in the Sunday Times Motoring Rich List.	Arnold Clark	1927
date of birth	Marino Capicchioni (28 June 1895 -- 19 October 1977) was an Italian musical instrument maker	Marino Capicchioni	28 June 1895
date of birth	Slobodan Drapić (Serbian Cyrillic: Слободан Драпић, Hebrew: סלובודאן דראפיץ'‎; born 28 February 1965) is a former Serbian-Israeli football player and manager.	Slobodan Drapić	28 February 1965
date of birth	Mohand Laenser (Arabic: محند العنصر; born 1942) is a Moroccan politician and current president of the Popular movement party and also Minister of the Interior.	Mohand Laenser	1942
date of birth	Andri Berenger also known as Andri Raffaelo and Andri Raffaelo Berenger (Sinhalese: අන්ද්රා බේගේදීලයි; born 29 August 1991) is a Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for the United Arab Emirates.	Andri Berenger	29 August 1991
date of birth	Ilija Katić (Serbian Cyrillic: Илија Катић, born 20 July 1945) is a former Serbian football player and coach.	Ilija Katić	20 July 1945
date of birth	Hamid David Nahai (born 1959) is an Iranian-American environmental attorney, political activist, and former head of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.	David Nahai	1959
date of birth	Lambert Simnel (ca. 1477 -- ca. 1525) was a pretender to the throne of England.	Lambert Simnel	1477
date of birth	Sir Barry Close, 1st Baronet (3 December 1756 -- 12 April 1813) was an army general in the East India Company and a political officer.	Barry Close	3 December 1756
date of birth	Eli Putievsky (born 1942) (Hebrew: אלי פוטיבסקי‎) is a botanist, a distinguished Israeli scientist at the Volcani Institute of Agricultural Research (ARO) in the field of herbs, medicinal and aromatic plants, and the head of ARO during 1999-2007.	Eli Putievsky	1942
date of birth	Khaled Afarah (Arabic: خالد عفارة‎, born 21 January 1974) is a Yemeni football Defender and Club Al-Tilal.	Khaled Afarah	21 January 1974
date of birth	Mohammed Buba Marwa (born September 9, 1953) is a retired Nigerian army officer who served as governor of Borno State, and then Lagos State during the military administrations of Generals Ibrahim Babangida and Sani Abacha.	Mohammed Buba Marwa	1953
date of birth	Michael Zander, QC, FBA, (born 16 November 1932 in Berlin) is a British legal scholar.	Michael Zander	16 November 1932
date of birth	Alan Peckolick (born 1940 in Bronx, NY) is an American graphic designer, artist, and photographer.	Alan Peckolick	1940
date of birth	Elżbieta Pleszczyńska (born 20 March 1933) is a Polish full professor of statistics, activist of disability rights movement.	Elżbieta Pleszczyńska	20 March 1933
date of birth	Arne Rolighed (born 2 June 1947) is a Danish former politician and the current president of the Danish Cancer Society until July 2010.	Arne Rolighed	2 June 1947
date of birth	Ueli Kestenholz (born 10 May 1975) is a Swiss snowboarder and Speedriding pioneer.	Ueli Kestenholz	10 May 1975
date of birth	Carl McCoy (born 18 January 1963, Lambeth, London, England) is the frontman for gothic rock band Fields of the Nephilim.	Carl McCoy	18 January 1963
date of birth	Daniel Fleeman (born 3 October 1982) is an English racing cyclist who rode as a professional between 2007 and 2011.	Daniel Fleeman	3 October 1982
date of birth	Antonis Vardis (Greek: Αντώνης Βαρδής; 7 August 1948 -- 2 September 2014) was a Greek composer and singer.	Antonis Vardis	7 August 1948
date of birth	Ida Pruitt (1888 -- 1985), bi-cultural social worker, author, speaker, interpreter and 20th century contributor to Sino-American understanding.	Ida Pruitt	1888
date of birth	Monica Knudsen (born 25 March 1975) is a Norwegian football coach and former player who is managing Toppserien club LSK Kvinner.	Monica Knudsen	25 March 1975
date of birth	Dr. Noureddin Kianouri (1915 Nour, Teheran -- November 1999 from Kia'i dynasty of Tabaristan) was an Iranian architect and political leader.	Noureddin Kianouri	1915
date of birth	Deborah Oluwaseyi Joshua (born 21 December 1985), professionally known by her stage name Seyi Shay (pronounced Shay-yee Shay), is a Nigerian based English singer-songwriter, recording artist, performer, and record producer.	Seyi Shay	21 December 1985
date of birth	Georgije Đokić (Serbian Cyrillic: Георгије Ђокић; born 6 May 1949) is a Serbian Orthodox bishop who served as the head of the Diocese of Canada from 1984 until his dismissal on May 20, 2015 due to a torrent of various claims.	Georgije Đokić	1949
date of birth	Kirk Khasigian (born April 27, 1977 in Sacramento, California) is an American former rugby union player.	Kirk Khasigian	1977
date of birth	Riccardo Galeazzi-Lisi (26 July 1891 -- 29 November 1968) was an Italian medical doctor who served as Pope Pius XII's personal physician from 1939 until his dismissal in 1958.	Riccardo Galeazzi-Lisi	26 July 1891
date of birth	Artur Kohutek (born 1 May 1971 in Osiek) is a Polish hurdler and soldier of the Polish Army.	Artur Kohutek	1 May 1971
date of birth	Beau Henry (born 17 January 1990) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer currently playing for the Wentworthville Magpies of the New South Wales Cup.	Beau Henry	17 January 1990
date of birth	Edward Elwyn Jones (born 27 April 1977) is a Welsh conductor and organist.	Edward Elwyn Jones	27 April 1977
date of birth	David de Vries (born 1961) is an Australian film writer, director and producer and a comic book artist and writer.	David de Vries	1961
date of birth	Chad Fletcher (born 30 August 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Subiaco and Claremont Football Clubs in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) and the West Coast Eagles in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Chad Fletcher	30 August 1979
date of birth	Moshe Hecht (born 1985 in Queens, New York) is an American Hasidic singer-songwriter and rabbi, best known as the eponymous lead singer of the folk rock group Moshe Hecht Band.	Moshe Hecht	1985
date of birth	Yuriko Kobayashi (Japanese: 小林 祐梨子; born 12 December 1988 in Hyōgo) is a Japanese middle- and long-distance runner who specializes in the 1500 metres and 5000 metres.	Yuriko Kobayashi	12 December 1988
date of birth	Edward Thomas John (14 March 1857 -- 16 February 1931), known as E.T. John, was a radical Welsh Liberal Party politician who later joined the Labour Party.	Edward Thomas John	14 March 1857
date of birth	Thomas Parits (born 7 October 1946) is a former international Austrian football player and manager.	Thomas Parits	7 October 1946
date of birth	Antoine Georges Marie de Noailles, 9th Duke of Mouchy and Duke of Poix (born Paris, 7 September 1950), styled 13th Prince of Poix between 1950 and 2011, is a French nobleman.	Antoine Georges Marie de Noailles	7 September 1950
date of birth	Chief 'Folake Solanke (born 29 March 1932), SAN, CON, is a Nigerian lawyer, administrator, and social critic.	Folake Solanke	29 March 1932
date of birth	William Harris Rule (born 15 November 1802 -- 1890) was a British Methodist missionary and writer.	William Harris Rule	15 November 1802
date of birth	Mary Morello (born 1924) is an American activist who in 1987 founded the anti-censorship group Parents for Rock and Rap.	Mary Morello	1924
date of birth	Jonas Thomsen (born 5 February 1991) is a Danish footballer who plays for amateur-side Kalundborg G&B.	Jonas Thomsen	5 February 1991
date of birth	Christian Høgni Jacobsen (born 12 May 1980) is a Faroese football striker, who lastly played for NSÍ.	Christian Høgni Jacobsen	12 May 1980
date of birth	Renaud Hantson (29 March 1963) is a French singer, musician, drummer, actor and writer.	Renaud Hantson	29 March 1963
date of birth	Renato Dionisi (born 21 November 1947) is an Italian former Pole vaulter, European champion indoor in 1973.	Renato Dionisi	21 November 1947
date of birth	Tadhg Haran (born 6 September 1991) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a midfielder for Liam Mellows and the Galway senior hurling team.	Tadhg Haran	6 September 1991
date of birth	Carlos Emiliano Pereira commonly known as Carlinhos (born 29 November 1986) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a left back for Coritiba Foot Ball Club.	Carlos Emiliano Pereira	29 November 1986
date of birth	Ulysse Diallo (born 26 October 1992 in Brazzaville) is a Malian professional footballer who play for Marítimo.	Ulysse Diallo	26 October 1992
date of birth	Victor Sparre (né Smith; 4 November 1919 -- 16 March 2008) was a Norwegian painter, glass designer and non-fiction writer.	Victor Sparre	4 November 1919
date of birth	Rabbi Ya'akov Moshe Toledano (Hebrew: יעקב משה טולדאנו‎, 18 August 1880 -- 15 October 1960) was an Israeli rabbi who served as Minister of Religions for two brief periods between 1958 and 1960.	Ya'akov Moshe Toledano	18 August 1880
date of birth	Adrian John (born c. 1955) is a British Radio disc jockey.	Adrian John	1955
date of birth	Spencer Darwin Pettis (1802 -- August 28, 1831), U.S. Representative from Missouri and the fourth Missouri Secretary of State.	Spencer Darwin Pettis	1802
date of birth	Pierrick Fédrigo (born 30 November 1978) is a French racing cyclist who rides for Bretagne-Séché Environnement.	Pierrick Fédrigo	30 November 1978
date of birth	Ralph Louis Cohen (born 1952) is an American mathematician, specializing in algebraic topology and differential topology.	Ralph Louis Cohen	1952
date of birth	Meriem Wangari Kiprugut (born 22 February 1979) is a Kenyan long-distance runner who specialises in half marathon and 10K road races.	Meriem Wangari	22 February 1979
date of birth	Peter Pagin (born 1953) is Professor of Philosophy at Stockholm University.	Peter Pagin	1953
date of birth	Yehuda Green (born 1959) is a Hasidic Jewish singer and composer, and hazzan at the Carlebach Shul on Manhattan's Upper West Side.	Yehuda Green	1959
date of birth	Audhild Gregoriusdotter Rotevatn (born 9 May 1975) is a Norwegian journalist, television host, and radio presenter, who has worked for the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation and the now defunct Kanal 24.	Audhild Gregoriusdotter Rotevatn	9 May 1975
date of birth	Carlo Giuseppe Merlo (5 November 1690 -- 13 February 1760) was an Italian architect of the late-Baroque period; born in Milan, Italy.	Carlo Giuseppe Merlo	5 November 1690
date of birth	Adam Dykes (born 5 February 1977 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Adam Dykes	5 February 1977
date of birth	Nathan Begaye (1969--2010) was a Native American ceramics artist of Navajo and Hopi descent.	Nathan Begaye	1969
date of birth	Alfred Mynn (19 January 1807 -- 1 November 1861) was an English cricketer during the game's ``Roundarm Era''.	Alfred Mynn	19 January 1807
date of birth	Sigurjón Sighvatsson (born 15 June 1952), also known as Joni Sighvatsson, is an Icelandic Hollywood film producer and businessman.	Sigurjón Sighvatsson	15 June 1952
date of birth	Zoran Vorotović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Воротовић, born 12 August 1958) is a former Montenegrin football player who played left back for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Zoran Vorotović	12 August 1958
date of birth	Ben Batt (born 1986) is an English actor, best known for his role as Joe Pritchard in Shameless.	Ben Batt	1986
date of birth	Jyrki Pellinen (born May 16, 1940 in Helsinki) is a Finnish writer, poet and visual artist.	Jyrki Pellinen	1940
date of birth	Alice Arnold (born 1962) is a British broadcaster and journalist.	Alice Arnold	1962
date of birth	Peter Štih (born 27 November 1960) is a Slovenian historian, specialising in medieval history.	Peter Štih	27 November 1960
date of birth	Venus Isabelle Palermo (born 8 February 1997), better known as Venus Angelic, is a YouTube personality, who is known for her doll-like appearance.	Venus Angelic	8 February 1997
date of birth	Francisco José Urrutia Olano (12 April 1870 -- 6 August 1950) was a Colombian diplomat and international jurist.	Francisco José Urrutia Olano	12 April 1870
date of birth	Said Bakkati (Arabic: سعيد بقّاتي‎; born 23 March 1982) is a Dutch former footballer of Moroccan descent.	Said Bakkati	23 March 1982
date of birth	Guillermo Altadill (born 15 June 1962 in Barcelona) is a Spanish yachtsman.	Guillermo Altadill	15 June 1962
date of birth	Francisco Bravo de Saravia Ovalle (1628-1703) was a Spanish Nobleman, 1st Marquess of la Pica and Lord of Almenar.	Francisco Bravo de Saravia	1628
date of birth	Earl Merkel (1955) is an American novelist, journalist and freelance writer, and radio talk show host for Money & More.	Earl Merkel	1955
date of birth	Milson Hunt (born 1926 (age 87--88)) birth registered in Cardiff district, is a Welsh professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s, playing at representative level for Wales, and at club level for Cardiff, as a Wing, i.e. number 2 or 5.	Milson Hunt	1926
date of birth	Lorenzo Gagli (born 14 October 1985) is an Italian professional golfer.	Lorenzo Gagli	14 October 1985
date of birth	Shobu Yarlagadda (born 19 March 1971) is an Indian American film producer.	Shobu Yarlagadda	19 March 1971
date of birth	Bernard Vernier-Palliez (2 March 1918 -- 12 December 1999) was a French businessman, diplomat, and French Ambassador to the United States, from 1982 to 1984.	Bernard Vernier-Palliez	2 March 1918
date of birth	Denis Brian (born 11 December 1923, Cardiff) is a journalist and author of many books, notably a 1996 biography Einstein: a life.	Denis Brian	11 December 1923
date of birth	Marco Mazza (born 25 June 1977 in Naples) is an Italian long-distance runner who specializes in the 10,000 metres and half marathon.	Marco Mazza	25 June 1977
date of birth	Mouaffaq Nyrabia (Arabic: موفق نيربية‎; born 28 November 1949) is a Syrian dissident, politician, political writer and mechanical engineer, best known for his pivotal role in the creation of Damascus Declaration, a prominent Syrian Opposition structure until the Syrian Revolution erupted in March 2011.	Mouaffaq Nyrabia	28 November 1949
date of birth	Luo Zhanglong (Chinese: 罗章龙) (1896 - February 3, 1995) was a Chinese educator.	Luo Zhanglong	1896
date of birth	Jean Baptiste August Kessler (15 December 1853 -- 14 December 1900) was a Dutch entrepreneur and oil explorer who was largely responsible for the growth and development of the Royal Dutch Petroleum Co., now known as Royal Dutch Shell.	Jean Baptiste August Kessler	15 December 1853
date of birth	Basilio Santiago Romero (1928 -- May 31, 2010) served as the third Comptroller of Puerto Rico from September 1, 1971 to August 1, 1977.	Basilio Santiago Romero	1928
date of birth	YMB Saya Tin (Burmese: ဝိုင်အမ်ဘီ ဆရာတင်, pronounced: (wàiɴ àɴ bì sʰəjà tɪ̀ɴ); 12 February 1894 -- 8 August 1950) was a Burmese composer.	Saya Tin	12 February 1894
date of birth	Shigeru Nanba (難波滋 Nanba Shigeru, born 1944) is a Japanese painter and artist.	Shigeru Nanba	1944
date of birth	Iain Borden (born in Oxford in 1962) is an English architectural historian and urban commentator.	Iain Borden	1962
date of birth	Manel Esteller (Sant Boi de Llobregat, Barcelona, Catalonia, 1968) graduated in Medicine from the University of Barcelona in 1992, where he also obtained his doctorate, specialising in the molecular genetics of endometrial carcinoma, in 1996.	Manel Esteller	1968
date of birth	Ismail Tosun (born 1975 in Bozcaada, Turkey) is an acclaimed Turkish Australian Celebrity chef who was voted the best new talent in Australia.	Ismail Tosun	1975
date of birth	Stan Verrett (born 1967, in New Orleans) is an anchor on the ESPN and ESPNEWS networks in the United States.	Stan Verrett	1967
date of birth	Joan Long (20 July 1925 -- 2 January 1999) was an Australian producer, writer and director best known for Caddie (1976).	Joan Long	20 July 1925
date of birth	Harvey Teasdale (1817-1904) was a Victorian performer best known for his success as the ``man-monkey'', an act which he toured with for many years.	Harvey Teasdale	1817
date of birth	Bernat Klein (1922 -- April 17, 2014) was a Serbian textile designer and painter.	Bernat Klein	1922
date of birth	Anne Mary Lawler (1908--1980) was an Irish American poet and novelist.	Anne Mary Lawler	1908
date of birth	Rustam Akhmetov (Russian: Рустам Ахметов, born 17 May 1950) is a retired high jumper who represented the Soviet Union.	Rustam Akhmetov	17 May 1950
date of birth	Born in Calcutta in 1920, Fayyaz Hashmi was employed as the resident lyricist by the British-owned Gramophone Company of India from age 20.	Fayyaz Hashmi	1920
date of birth	Xavier Saelens (born 1965) is a Belgian scientist and currently his main research interest is finding a universal influenza vaccine.	Xavier Saelens	1965
date of birth	Paula Tilbrook (born 16 January 1930 in Salford) is a retired English actress who played Betty Eagleton in the ITV soap opera Emmerdale from 1994 to 2015.	Paula Tilbrook	16 January 1930
date of birth	Cass Bird (born 1974) is an artist, photographer, and director who lives and works in New York.	Cass Bird	1974
date of birth	Lee Waisler was born on February 25, 1938 in Hollywood, California to a politically progressive Jewish family.	Lee Waisler	1938
date of birth	Rashid Mohamed (born Rachid Khouia on 9 November 1979 in Salé, Morocco) is a Bahraini runner.	Rashid Mohamed	9 November 1979
date of birth	Thomas Combe (1796--1872) was an English printer, publisher and patron of the arts.	Thomas Combe	1796
date of birth	Steven Taubert (born 6 October 1953) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Richmond, Essendon and Sydney in the Victorian Football League (VFL), and is Sydney's current Ruck Coach from 1999.	Steven Taubert	6 October 1953
date of birth	Scott Z. Burns (born 1962) is an American screenwriter, producer, and director.	Scott Z. Burns	1962
date of birth	Andrea Belfi (born 1979) is an Italian electro-acoustic musician and composer.	Andrea Belfi	1979
date of birth	Attilio Dottesio (16 July 1909 -- 12 February 1989) was an Italian film character actor.	Attilio Dottesio	16 July 1909
date of birth	Louis J. Simpson (1877 -- 1949) was an American shipping and timber magnate and the founder of North Bend, Oregon.	Louis J. Simpson	1877
date of birth	Sir Geoffrey Owen (born 16 April 1934) is an English academic and the former editor of The Financial Times.	Geoffrey Owen	16 April 1934
date of birth	Alan Durband (1927--1993) was an important figure in the education and arts community in Liverpool.	Alan Durband	1927
date of birth	Michael Angold (born 1940) is Professor Emeritus of Byzantine History and Honorary Fellow in the University of Edinburgh.	Michael Angold	1940
date of birth	Jaime Bruinier (born 28 June 1987 in Ugchelen) is a Dutch footballer, who is currently without a club.	Jaime Bruinier	28 June 1987
date of birth	Andrew Gilding (born 7 December 1970) is an English darts player currently playing in Professional Darts Corporation events.	Andrew Gilding	7 December 1970
date of birth	Rimantas Taraškevičius (18 July 1949 in the village of Biliūnai near Raseiniai, Lithuania) is a politician.	Rimantas Taraškevičius	18 July 1949
date of birth	Count Jan Wielopolski (c. 1630-1688) was a Polish nobleman, aristocrat, politician and diplomat.	Jan Wielopolski	1630
date of birth	Ed Coode, MBE (born 19 June 1975) is a British rower, twice World Champion and Olympic Gold medalist.	Ed Coode	19 June 1975
date of birth	Jānis Jansons (born 28 December 1982, Talsi) is a Latvian floorball player who is currently playing for Pixbo Wallenstam IBK in the SSL.	Jānis Jansons	28 December 1982
date of birth	Angela Downey-Browne (born 1957, Kilkenny) is a retired Irish sportsperson.	Angela Downey	1957
date of birth	Born in 1969, Mohammad Ashraf Siddiqui is a former member of Pakistan's Mohajir Quomi Movement.	Mohammad Ashraf Siddiqui	1969
date of birth	Kristiana Petlichka (Bulgarian Cyrillic: Кристиана Петличка) (born on 6 July 1994 in Sofia) is a youth international volleyball player from Bulgaria who currently plays for VC CSKA Sofia.	Kristiana Petlichka	6 July 1994
date of birth	Gilbert East (1763-1865) was an English cricketer of the late 18th century who played mainly for Berkshire and the White Conduit Club.	Gilbert East	1763
date of birth	Mojca Osojnik (born 29 June 1970) is a Slovene painter and illustrator, best known for her children's books illustrations.	Mojca Osojnik	29 June 1970
date of birth	Emil Cesar (born 16 August 1927) is a Slovenian literary historian, editor, and a former professor at the University of Ljubljana.	Emil Cesar	16 August 1927
date of birth	Simon Mrashani Basiligitwa (born 18 April 1964) is a Tanzanian marathon runner.	Simon Mrashani	18 April 1964
date of birth	Stefan Martin (born 17 November 1986) is a professional Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Stefan Martin	17 November 1986
date of birth	Cecilia Medina Quiroga (b. Concepción, 1935) is a Chilean jurist.	Cecilia Medina	1935
date of birth	Francis Stourton, 4th Baron Stourton (1485--1487) was the son and successor of the third Baron Stourton.	Francis Stourton, 4th Baron Stourton	1485
date of birth	Marcello Gandini (born 26 August 1938) is an Italian car designer, known for his work with the automotive design house Gruppo Bertone, including his design of the Lamborghini Countach.	Marcello Gandini	26 August 1938
date of birth	Djoko Susanto (born Kwok Kwie Fo, 1950, Jakarta, Indonesia) is an Indonesian entrepreneur, successful businessman and well known as a new billionaire of Indonesia since 2011.	Djoko Susanto	1950
date of birth	Becky Cloonan (born 23 June 1980) is an American comic book creator, known for work published by Tokyopop and Vertigo.	Becky Cloonan	23 June 1980
date of birth	Mirando Mrsić (born 14 October 1959) is a Croatian politician and member of the governing Social Democratic Party.	Mirando Mrsić	14 October 1959
date of birth	Gildo Pallanca Pastor (born 1 April 1967) is a Monegasque businessman, CEO and owner of Venturi Automobiles.	Gildo Pallanca Pastor	1 April 1967
date of birth	Jay Sweet (born 11 August 1975) is an Australian former professional racing cyclist who won a gold medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games.	Jay Sweet	11 August 1975
date of birth	Julia Kiniski (born 1899 in Poland - d. October 11, 1969 in Edmonton, Alberta), was a four-term aldermen on the Edmonton City Council from 1963 until her death in 1969.	Julia Kiniski	1899
date of birth	Kai Øverland (27 February 1931 -- 27 August 1975) was a Norwegian trade unionist and politician for the Socialist Left Party.	Kai Øverland	27 February 1931
date of birth	Amiel Courtin-Wilson (born 1979) is an Australian film director, producer and artist.	Amiel Courtin-Wilson	1979
date of birth	Bernard Barham Woodward (1853--1930) was a British malacologist, author of a catalogue of the works of Carl Linnaeus.	Bernard Barham Woodward	1853
date of birth	M. P. Pandit (1919-1993) was a prolific writer, spiritual teacher, secretary of the Sri Aurobindo Ashram, and personal secretary to Mirra Alfassa, known to her followers as ``The Mother''.	M. P. Pandit	1919
date of birth	George Tutuska (born in February 1965) is a drummer and former member of the alternative rock band Goo Goo Dolls.	George Tutuska	February 1965
date of birth	Nukaaka Coster-Waldau (née Sascha Nukaka Motzfeldt; born 23 February 1971), aka Nukâka, is a Greenlandic singer, actress, and a former Miss Greenland.	Nukaaka Coster-Waldau	23 February 1971
date of birth	Giorgi Sanaia, sometimes spelled as Giorgi Sanaya (Georgian: გიორგი სანაია) (1975 --2001) was a Georgian television journalist of the independent broadcasting company Rustavi 2 who was murdered under controversial circumstances in 2001.	Giorgi Sanaia	1975
date of birth	Hugo Simon (born 3 August 1942) is an Olympic medal-winning show jumper who took part in six Olympics between 1972 and 1996 (1980 excepted).	Hugo Simon	3 August 1942
date of birth	Columbus Fitzpatrick (1810 -- 8 November 1877) was an Irish-born Australian builder, political activist and amateur historian.	Columbus Fitzpatrick	1810
date of birth	Walter Ingham (1914-2000) was a UK pioneer and entrepreneur of the skiing holiday.	Walter Ingham	1914
date of birth	Natallia Safronava (Belarusian: Натальля Сафронава), née Klimovets (born 11 April 1974) is a Belarusian triple jumper.	Natallia Safronava	11 April 1974
date of birth	Pati Yang (real name: Patrycja Hilton, maiden name: Grzymałkiewicz, born 26 March 1980) is a Polish singer-songwriter.	Pati Yang	26 March 1980
date of birth	Ewan Cameron (31 July 1922, Dumbarton -- 21 March 1991) was a Scottish physician who worked with Linus Pauling on Vitamin C research.	Ewan Cameron	31 July 1922
date of birth	James J. Gaffney (1863-1946), most often known as J. J. Gaffney, was an American architect in Louisville, Kentucky.	James J. Gaffney	1863
date of birth	Peter Mellor (born 20 November 1947) is an English former professional footballer (soccer player) whose career spanned three decades.	Peter Mellor	20 November 1947
date of birth	Charles Edward Springall, known professionally as Charlie Drake (19 June 1925 -- 23 December 2006) was an English comedian, actor, writer and singer.	Charlie Drake	19 June 1925
date of birth	Hugh Keevins (born 12 November 1948) is a Scottish sports journalist, mostly reporting and writing on Scottish football.	Hugh Keevins	12 November 1948
date of birth	Awa Manneh (born 7 January 1982) is a Swedish R&B/soul singer.	Awa Manneh	7 January 1982
date of birth	Manuel Ruiz de Lopera Ávalos (born 13 August 1944) is the former owner and chairman of the Spanish football club Real Betis.	Manuel Ruiz de Lopera	13 August 1944
date of birth	Atef Helmy (Arabic: عاطف حلمي‎; born 23 April 1950) is an Egyptian communication and technology expert and the former minister of communications and information technology.	Atef Helmy	23 April 1950
date of birth	Tommaso Dolabella (Polish: Tomasz Dolabella; 1570 -- 17 January 1650) was a Baroque Italian painter from Venice, who settled in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth at the royal court of King Sigismund III Vasa.	Tommaso Dolabella	1570
date of birth	David Cappo AO (born 2 November 1949) is a social policy and reform advocate based in Adelaide, South Australia.	David Cappo	2 November 1949
date of birth	Guo Li (Chinese: 呙俐, born 11 May 1993 in Nanjing) is a Chinese competitor in synchronized swimming.	Guo Li	11 May 1993
date of birth	Tevita Vaikona (born Sunday 18 August 1974 in Tonga) is a professional rugby footballer, a powerful winger who enjoyed massive success in rugby league and picked up many honours before switching codes to rugby union where he was also hugely successful.	Tevita Vaikona	18 August 1974
date of birth	Nicola Gomirato (born in Venice in 1963) is an Italian artist involved in music, history and literature.	Nicola Gomirato	1963
date of birth	Moreno Merenda (born 17 May 1978) is a former Swiss footballer and the current assistant manager of SC Cham.	Moreno Merenda	17 May 1978
date of birth	Annie Arniel (May 1873 -- February 9, 1924) was a suffragist and women's rights advocate.	Annie Arniel	May 1873
date of birth	Udo Lattek (16 January 1935 -- 31 January 2015) was a German football player, coach, and TV pundit.	Udo Lattek	16 January 1935
date of birth	Antonio Velasco Piña (born 1935) is a Mexican novelist, spiritual writer and essayist.	Antonio Velasco Piña	1935
date of birth	Max Maven (born Philip Goldstein 21 December 1950 in Ithaca, New York) is an American magician and mentalist.	Max Maven	1950
date of birth	Dennis Lind (Roskilde, 3 February 1993) is a Danish racing driver.	Dennis Lind	3 February 1993
date of birth	Ernst Otto Fischer (10 November 1918 -- 23 July 2007) was a German chemist who won the Nobel Prize for pioneering work in the area of organometallic chemistry.	Ernst Otto Fischer	10 November 1918
date of birth	Richard Troyanovich Meves (Ричард Троянович фон Мевес) (1839--1901) was a Lieutenant general in the Imperial Russian Army who fought in the Russo-Turkish War (1877--78).	Richard Troyanovich Meves	1839
date of birth	Emily Thorn Vanderbilt (1852--1946) was a member of the prominent United States Vanderbilt family.	Emily Thorn Vanderbilt	1852
date of birth	Padma Viswanathan (born 1968 Nelson, British Columbia) is a Canadian playwright and fiction writer.	Padma Viswanathan	1968
date of birth	Vân Khánh (Quảng Trị, 1 January 1978) is a Vietnamese traditional and folk singer.	Vân Khánh	1 January 1978
date of birth	Pinhas Lavon (Hebrew: פנחס לבון‎, 12 July 1904 -- 24 January 1976) was an Israeli politician, minister and labor leader, best known for the Lavon Affair.	Pinhas Lavon	12 July 1904
date of birth	Paule Herreman (1919-1991) was a Belgian Actress and television presenter for RTBF.	Paule Herreman	1919
date of birth	Roland Petersen (born 1926) is an American painter and printmaker of Danish birth.	Roland Petersen	1926
date of birth	Baruch Singer (born 1954) is a New York-based real estate investor and developer.	Baruch Singer	1954
date of birth	Kathryn Pogson (born 1954) is a film and stage actress.	Kathryn Pogson	1954
date of birth	Andreas Gripp (born 1964) is a Canadian poet and the author of 21 books of poetry and 16 chapbooks.	Andreas Gripp	1964
date of birth	Andrew Hurry (born 15 October 1964) is director of the England cricket Development Programme based in Loughborough.	Andrew Hurry	15 October 1964
date of birth	Alan Ling Sie Kiong (Chinese: 林思健; pinyin: Lín Sījiàn; born 19 February 1983) is a Malaysian lawyer and politician.	Alan Ling Sie Kiong	19 February 1983
date of birth	Sílvio Ferraz (São Paulo, 1959) is a Brazilian contemporary composer.	Sílvio Ferraz	1959
date of birth	Ken Lack (born Blondel Keith Calnek, 1934, died June 6, 2001, Miami) was a Jamaican ska, rocksteady and reggae record producer active in the latter half of the 1960s, who also ran the Caltone and JonTom record labels.	Ken Lack	1934
date of birth	Ernest Rouquaud (1822-1907) was a French trader and colonizer of Patagonia.	Ernest Rouquaud	1822
date of birth	Patrick Horgan (born 5 May 1988) is an Irish hurler who plays as a Left Corner Forward for the Cork senior team.	Patrick Horgan	5 May 1988
date of birth	Dušan Šarotar (born 16 April 1968) is a Slovenian writer, essayist, literary critic and editor.	Dušan Šarotar	16 April 1968
date of birth	Carmen Tafolla (born 29 July 1951) is an internationally acclaimed Chicana writer from San Antonio, Texas, and an associate professor of education at the University of Texas at San Antonio.	Carmen Tafolla	29 July 1951
date of birth	David J. Templeton (1954 -- March 24, 1997) was a minister of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland who was murdered in 1997 after he was 'outed' as a gay man by the Sunday Life newspaper.	David J. Templeton	1954
date of birth	Haden Harrison Edwards (1812--1864) was a Texan who worked as a legislator, a merchant, and a soldier.	Haden Harrison Edwards	1812
date of birth	Dame Ruth Runciman DBE (born 9 January 1936) is a former Chair of the UK Mental Health Act Commission.	Ruth Runciman	9 January 1936
date of birth	Andrew Lahde (born 1971) is a retired hedge fund manager, who founded Lahde Capital in Santa Monica, California.	Andrew Lahde	1971
date of birth	John Declan Mulligan (born 4 April 1938, in Fethard, County Tipperary) is an Irish rock musician, singer and songwriter, best known as a guitarist of American rock band The Beau Brummels.	Declan Mulligan	4 April 1938
date of birth	Sir David Michels (born 1946) is a British business executive.	David Michels	1946
date of birth	Matías Funes Valladares (24 March 1952 -- 10 February 2015) was a Honduran academic, writer and politician.	Matías Funes	24 March 1952
date of birth	Bhagwandas Patel (born 19 November 1943) is a Gujarati folklorist who pioneered research into Gujarat's tribal literature and brought the state's oral literature to the attention of the literary community.	Bhagwandas Patel	19 November 1943
date of birth	Robert Appelbaum (born 2 February 1952) is an academic specializing in early modern writing, food studies, and terrorism studies.	Robert Appelbaum	2 February 1952
date of birth	Ben Grabli (Hebrew: בן גרבלי‎; born 8 April 1994) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays at Bnei Yehuda Tel Aviv.	Ben Grabli	8 April 1994
date of birth	Mel Spillman (born 1948) is an American probate clerk and fraudster who transferred properties of dead people to his own accounts.	Mel Spillman	1948
date of birth	Geevarghese Mar Osthathios (9 December 1918 -- 16 February 2012) was a senior bishop of the Indian Orthodox Church.	Geevarghese Mar Osthathios	9 December 1918
date of birth	Justus Oehler (born 22 February 1961 in Tokyo, Japan) is a German Graphic Designer currently a partner at Pentagram Design Ltd in their Berlin office.	Justus Oehler	22 February 1961
date of birth	Michael Frendo (born 29 July 1955) is a former Maltese politician who currently is a lawyer and consultant.	Michael Frendo	29 July 1955
date of birth	Stella March was pen name of Marjorie Bell Marshall (b. 1916 in London, England, UK) a British writer of romance novels from 1956 to 1986.	Stella March	1916
date of birth	Yevgeni Shipovskiy (Russian: Евгений Шиповский; born in 1962) is a retired Russian professional football player.	Yevgeni Shipovskiy	1962
date of birth	Tom Ingram (born 20 August 1993 in High Wycombe) is a British racing driver, currently racing in the British Touring Car Championship.	Tom Ingram	20 August 1993
date of birth	Algernon Chester-Master (27 September 1851 - 1 September 1897) was an English cricketer.	Algernon Chester-Master	27 September 1851
date of birth	Graham Kerr (born 22 January 1934) is an English cooking personality who is best known for his television cooking show The Galloping Gourmet.	Graham Kerr	22 January 1934
date of birth	Robert M. Ockene (1934 -- December 2, 1969) was a book editor, anti-war activist, founder of the Youth International Party (the Yippies), and a founder of Veterans and Reservists to End the War in Vietnam.	Robert M. Ockene	1934
date of birth	Carl Harald Brummer (12 July 1864 -- 14 February 1953) was a Danish architect who was influential in the design of homes at the beginning of the 20th century.	Carl Harald Brummer	12 July 1864
date of birth	Eamonn Fennell (born 1984) is a Gaelic football player who plays his club football for St Vincents and formerly played with northside club O'Tooles.	Eamonn Fennell	1984
date of birth	Phạm Gia Khiêm (born 6 August 1944) is a Vietnamese politician, a former deputy prime minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs (since 28 June 2006).	Phạm Gia Khiêm	6 August 1944
date of birth	Shlomi Yosef Azulay (Hebrew: שלומי יוסף אזולאי‎; born 30 March 1990) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv.	Shlomi Yosef Azulay	30 March 1990
date of birth	Hugo Sánchez Márquez (born 11 July 1958) is a retired Mexican professional footballer and current manager.	Hugo Sánchez	11 July 1958
date of birth	Martin Trčka (born 22 May 1977) is a Czech Olympic sailor.	Martin Trčka	22 May 1977
date of birth	Alma Rosa Aguirre (born 19 February 1929) is a Mexican actress, one of the stars of the Golden Age of Mexican cinema.	Alma Rosa Aguirre	19 February 1929
date of birth	Bobby Cuza (born 1977) is the political reporter for NY1.	Bobby Cuza	1977
date of birth	Choe Kwang-shik (born 1953) is a South Korean historian and museum curator who served as the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism under President Lee Myung-bak.	Choe Kwang-shik	1953
date of birth	Caitlin Bassett (born 23 May 1988) is an Australian netball player in the ANZ Championship, playing for the West Coast Fever and for the Australian Netball Diamonds.	Caitlin Bassett	23 May 1988
date of birth	Honey Bane (born Donna Tracy Boylan, 1964, London) is an English singer and actress, possibly best known for her 1981 UK Top 40 single ``Turn Me On Turn Me Off''.	Honey Bane	1964
date of birth	Dr Rob (Robert James Bell, born 10 April 1975 ) is the host of the Australian children's television programme Scope where Dr Rob breaks down the science of subjects relevant to school-aged children.	Robert James Bell	10 April 1975
date of birth	Juan Ruiz de Alarcón (1581? - August 4, 1639) was a Novohispanic writer of the Golden Age who cultivated different variants of dramaturgy.	Juan Ruiz de Alarcón	1581
date of birth	Percy Nilsson (born 22 May 1943 in Malmö) is a Swedish businessman, constructor and sports person.	Percy Nilsson	22 May 1943
date of birth	Angelos Fetsis (Greek: Άγγελος Φέτσης, born 1878, date of death unknown) was a Greek athlete.	Angelos Fetsis	1878
date of birth	Indrek Siska (born on 14 May 1984) is an Estonian professional beach soccer midfielder and striker, who plays in Swiss club BSC Solothurn.	Indrek Siska	14 May 1984
date of birth	Mandy Walker (born 1963) is an Australian cinematographer.	Mandy Walker	1963
date of birth	András Szatmári (born 3 February 1993) is a Hungarian sabre fencer, team bronze medal in the 2014 World Fencing Championships.	András Szatmári	3 February 1993
date of birth	Faysal Soysal (born 24 October 1979) is a Turkish of Kurdish origin director and poet.	Faysal Soysal	24 October 1979
date of birth	Christine Kay (born 1964) is a journalist who served as an editor in the Investigations section of The New York Times.	Christine Kay	1964
date of birth	Mayer Sulzberger was an American judge and Jewish communal leader; born at Heidelsheim, Bruchsal, Baden, June 22, 1843.	Mayer Sulzberger	1843
date of birth	Shaun Tomson (born 21 August 1955) is a South African professional surfer and former world champion, environmentalist, actor, author and businessman.	Shaun Tomson	21 August 1955
date of birth	Sabri Kaliç (May 19, 1966 in Izmir, Turkey -- September 23, 2012 in Izmir) is a Turkish film director, experimental filmmaker, writer and translator.	Sabri Kaliç	1966
date of birth	Philip Ryan (17 June 1957 -- 8 October 2013), professionally known as Philip Chevron, was an Irish singer-songwriter and guitarist, best known as a member of The Pogues.	Philip Chevron	17 June 1957
date of birth	Theodor Matham, also Theodoor Matham (1589 Haerlem -) was a Dutch engraver.	Theodor Matham	1589
date of birth	Claire Hooper (born 5 September 1976) is an Australian stand-up comedian and writer.	Claire Hooper	5 September 1976
date of birth	General Michail Kostarakos (Greek: Μιχαήλ Κωσταράκος, born 1956) is a Hellenic Army officer who served as the Chief of the Hellenic National Defence General Staff in 2011--2015.	Michail Kostarakos	1956
date of birth	James Bumphrey (1884 -- after 1914) was an English professional footballer who played 136 games and scored 7 goals in the Football League for Birmingham.	James Bumphrey	1884
date of birth	Brenda De Blaes (born April 1979 in Antwerp, Belgium) is an Australian softball player.	Brenda De Blaes	April 1979
date of birth	Christine Cook (born 22 June 1970 in Preston, Lancashire) is a retired field hockey defender from England.	Christine Cook	22 June 1970
date of birth	John Darrell Sherwood (born 1966) is an American author who has published five books and numerous articles.	John Darrell Sherwood	1966
date of birth	Naveed Nour was born in Germany to Iranian parents in 1963.	Naveed Nour	1963
date of birth	John Prinsep (also spelled John Princep) (1748--1830) was born the son of a vicar in rural Oxfordshire, England, with limited horizons for advancement.	John Prinsep	1748
date of birth	Peter Burrows (born 27 May 1955) is a suffragan bishop in the Church of England.	Peter Burrows	27 May 1955
date of birth	Diana Simmonds (born 1953) is an Australian journalist and art critic, currently the editor of Stagenoise and Sydney Alumni Magazine.	Diana Simmonds	1953
date of birth	Abigail Masham, Baroness Masham (née Hill) (c. 1670 -- December 6, 1734) was a favourite of Queen Anne and a cousin of Sarah Churchill, Duchess of Marlborough.	Abigail Masham, Baroness Masham	1670
date of birth	Marcos Aguinis (born 13 January 1935) is an Argentine writer that has received several prestigious international awards.	Marcos Aguinis	13 January 1935
date of birth	Aaron Hillegass (born 1969) Is the founder and CEO of Big Nerd Ranch.	Aaron Hillegass	1969
date of birth	María Cecilia Amenábar Granella (1971) is a Chilean actress, model and artist.	Cecilia Amenábar	1971
date of birth	Roger Leach (22 April 1948 -- 1 December 2001) was an English-Australian actor who played Sgt. Tom Penny in The Bill, and guest starred in Bergerac, Perfect Scoundrels and Doctors.	Roger Leach	22 April 1948
date of birth	Ivar van Dinteren (born 3 May 1979) is a former Dutch professional footballer who is currently a coach for Dayton Dutch Lions in the USL Professional Division.	Ivar van Dinteren	3 May 1979
date of birth	Chandi Prasad Bhatt was born on 23 June 1934, as the second child of Ganga Ram Bhatt and Maheshi Devi Thapliyal, in a family of priests to the Rudranath Temple in Gopeshwar, one of the Panch Kedar, the five Himalayan temples dedicated to Shiva, the most venerated amongst them being the Kedarnath Temple.	Chandi Prasad Bhatt	23 June 1934
date of birth	Jacob Fairbank (born 4 March 1990 in Halifax, England) is an English professional rugby league player for Halifax RLFC in the Championship.	Jacob Fairbank	4 March 1990
date of birth	Robert Laughlin Pierson (1926--1997) was an Episcopal clergyman and Freedom Rider.	Robert Laughlin Pierson	1926
date of birth	Willy van de Wiel (born 15 April 1982) is a former Dutch darts player who played in British Darts Organisation events.	Willy van de Wiel	15 April 1982
date of birth	Mohamed Younis (Arabic: محمد يونس; 30 October 1979) is an Egyptian footballer.	Mohamed Younis	30 October 1979
date of birth	Terri-Rae Elmer (born 1956) is a Los Angeles based radio personality.	Terri-Rae Elmer	1956
date of birth	Milton S. Florsheim (1868 - December 22, 1936), was the chairman of the board and founder of Florsheim Shoes.	Milton S. Florsheim	1868
date of birth	Arne Hyttnes (born 29 June 1950) is a Norwegian banker.	Arne Hyttnes	29 June 1950
date of birth	Durvinita (r. 529 -- 579 CE) is seen as the most successful ruler of the Western Ganga dynasty.	Durvinita	529
date of birth	Roddy MacLeod M.B.E. (born 1962) is a Scottish bagpiper, director of the annual Piping Live!	Roddy MacLeod	1962
date of birth	Vijay Suriya (born 7 September 1990, Bangalore, India) is a Kannada actor who predominantly appears in TV soaps and movies.	Vijay Suriya	7 September 1990
date of birth	Majyuran Ragunathan (born 21 April 1989 in Duisburg), better known by his stage name Majoe is a German rapper.	Majoe	1989
date of birth	Tarek Al Ali (Arabic: طارق العلي‎; born 6 February 1986) is a Lebanese footballer.	Tarek Al Ali	6 February 1986
date of birth	Bridget Boland (13 March 1913 -- 19 January 1988) was an Irish-British sceenwriter, playwright and novelist.	Bridget Boland	13 March 1913
date of birth	The Very Rev Joseph Gough McCormick , DD (1874--1924) was Dean of Manchester in the first quarter of the 20th century.	Gough McCormick	1874
date of birth	Adam Clarke (b. 1760-1762, d. August 28, 1832) was a British Methodist theologian and biblical scholar.	Adam Clarke	1760
date of birth	Oscar Prudente (born 9 January 1944) is an Italian pop-rock singer-songwriter, arranger, musician and composer.	Oscar Prudente	9 January 1944
date of birth	Francis Schwitzgebel Torres (born 1957) is an English-Bolivian writer, art critic, and artist born in Leeds, England of Bolivian descent.	Francis Schwitzgebel Torres	1957
date of birth	Sebastian Virdung (born c. 1465) was a German composer and theorist on musical instruments.	Sebastian Virdung	1465
date of birth	Patrick de Cambourg (born in 1949) is Honorary Chairman, and the former Chairman of the Mazars Group.	Patrick de Cambourg	1949
date of birth	Betty Holekamp (1826--1902) was a German colonist and pioneer in Texas.	Betty Holekamp	1826
date of birth	Robert Škulj, born in 1975, was a Slovenian hacker who discovered a security hole in a banking e-commerce system called Klik in the year 2002.	Robert Škulj	1975
date of birth	Aram Safrastyan (14 July 1888 -- 12 July 1966) was an Armenian orientalist and turkologist.	Aram Safrastyan	14 July 1888
date of birth	Vanya Marinova (Bulgarian: Ваня Маринова, born 22 October 1950) is a retired Bulgarian gymnast.	Vanya Marinova	22 October 1950
date of birth	Jason Hetherington (born 23 August 1970 in Baralaba, Queensland) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	Jason Hetherington	23 August 1970
date of birth	Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson (Icelandic: (ˈhɪlmar ˈœr̥tn̥ ˈhɪlmarsɔn); born 23 April 1958), also known as HÖH, is a musician, an art director, and allsherjargoði (chief goði) of Ásatrúarfélagið (``the Ásatrú Association'').	Hilmar Örn Hilmarsson	23 April 1958
date of birth	Missy BK (born Constance Bih Kimal on 31 May 1986) is a Cameroonian singer, song writer, founder of the Missy BK Foundation and co-owner of SCM Production based in Canada.	Missy BK	31 May 1986
date of birth	Gavin Campbell, 1st Marquess of Breadalbane KG, PC, JP, DL (9 April 1851 -- 19 October 1922), styled Lord Glenorchy between 1862 and 1871 and known as The Earl of Breadalbane and Holland between 1871 and 1885, was a Scottish nobleman and Liberal politician.	Gavin Campbell, 1st Marquess of Breadalbane	9 April 1851
date of birth	Alessandro Capra (born 1620, date of death unknown) was an Italian architect and inventor.	Alessandro Capra	1620
date of birth	Sally Obermeder (born 17 August 1973) is an Australian media personality and television presenter.	Sally Obermeder	17 August 1973
date of birth	Robyn Ochs (born 1958) is an American bisexual activist.	Robyn Ochs	1958
date of birth	Paul Trewhela (1941 - ), South African journalist, communist and political prisoner.	Paul Trewhela	1941
date of birth	Bob Brooks (26 December 1927 -- September 2012) was an American film director, photographer and advertising creative.	Bob Brooks	26 December 1927
date of birth	Tibor Czibere (born 16 October 1930) is a former Hungarian engineer and politician, who served as Minister of Education between 1988 and 1989.	Tibor Czibere	16 October 1930
date of birth	Esko-Juhani Tennilä (born 10 October 1947) is Finnish leftist politician from Lapland and member of Parliament since 1975 until 2011.	Esko-Juhani Tennilä	10 October 1947
date of birth	Agnieszka Pilchowa pseudonym Agni P., one of the most famous Polish clairvoyants, bioenergotherapeutist and herbalist, was born on December 16, 1888 in the village of Zarubek near Ostrava, present-day Czech Republic and died in 1944 in Ravensbrück, Nazi Germany, present-day Germany.	Agnieszka Pilchowa	1888
date of birth	Terry Im (born 13 May 1989 in Toronto), better known by his stage name KRNFX (stylised krNfx; also pronounced ``Korean FX''), is a Korean-Canadian beatboxer and singer.	KRNFX	13 May 1989
date of birth	Ivy Bean (8 September 1905 -- 28 July 2010) was a British internet personality, known for being the oldest person in the world on both Facebook and Twitter.	Ivy Bean	8 September 1905
date of birth	Theodor Ludwig Lau (Königsberg, East Prussia, 15 June 1670-Altona, February 1740) was a German lawyer known for his radical writings.	Theodor Ludwig Lau	15 June 1670
date of birth	Cedric Nolf (born 18 June 1989 in Kortrijk) is a Belgian athlete specialising in the long jump.	Cedric Nolf	18 June 1989
date of birth	Robert Matney (born 1976) in Dallas, Texas, is a social web marketer, actor (stage, voice), theater director, and currently living in Austin, Texas.	Robert Matney	1976
date of birth	James Robert Rhind, architect, was born in Inverness, Scotland in 1854 and trained as an architect in his father's local practice.	James Robert Rhind	1854
date of birth	Giorgos Koutsis (Greek: Γιώργος Κούτσης; born 10 September 1973) is a retired football player who managing Fokikos in the Football League.	Giorgos Koutsis	10 September 1973
date of birth	Lala Meredith-Vula (born 1966) is a Kosovan artist and photographer.	Lala Meredith-Vula	1966
date of birth	Dan Nwanyanwu mni, OFR (born 23 November 1959 ) is a Nigerian politician, businessman and lawyer who was chairman of the Labour Party (LP) from 2004 until 2014.	Dan Nwanyanwu	23 November 1959
date of birth	Michael Brodie (born 10 May 1974 in Manchester, England) is a former professional boxer who fought in the Super Bantamweight and Featherweight divisions.	Michael Brodie	10 May 1974
date of birth	Juhanon Mar Thoma was born on 7 August 1893 and was christened as C. M. John.	Juhanon Mar Thoma	7 August 1893
date of birth	Geert Meijer (born 15 March 1951) is a Dutch football manager and former professional player who currently coaches amateur team VV Strijen.	Geert Meijer	15 March 1951
date of birth	Edward Meredith (b. in 1648) was an English Roman Catholic controversialist.	Edward Meredith	1648
date of birth	Marian Donnelly (born Marian Devlin August 1938 in Castledawson, County Londonderry) is a former President of the Workers' Party of Ireland and is a member of the District Policing Partnership for the Magherafelt district of Northern Ireland.	Marian Donnelly	1938
date of birth	Mihr 'Ali (fl. 1795-post 1830) (also spelt Mir Ali) was one of the great royal painters of the Persian court during the reign of Fat'h Ali Shah Qajar, and is regarded as the most notable Persian portraitist of the early part of this reign.	Mihr 'Ali	1795
date of birth	Teodora Gîdoiu (born 12 January 1986 in Orșova) is a Romanian rowing cox.	Teodora Gîdoiu	12 January 1986
date of birth	Ryu Si-won (Hangul: 류시원; hanja: 柳時元; born 6 October 1972) is a South Korean actor and singer.	Ryu Si-won	6 October 1972
date of birth	Chetan Eknath Chitnis (born 3 April 1961) is working as a Principal Investigator with the malaria research group in International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB) in New Delhi.	Chetan Eknath Chitnis	3 April 1961
date of birth	Peter Riley (born 1940) is a contemporary English poet, essayist, and editor.	Peter Riley	1940
date of birth	Yakov Springer (ca. 1921 -- September 6, 1972), was a wrestler and a weightlifting coach and judge, but is best known as one of the victims of the Munich massacre at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Yakov Springer	1921
date of birth	Leonard Mesarić (pronounced (lɛ̌ːɔnar̩d mɛsariːtɕ); born 10 August 1983) is a Croatian professional footballer who currently plays for Foolad.	Leonard Mesarić	10 August 1983
date of birth	Richard Brittain (born 24 September 1983) is a Scottish professional footballer, who is currently the player/manager of Brora Rangers in the Highland Football League.	Richard Brittain	24 September 1983
date of birth	Ana Cumpănaș or Anna Sage, nicknamed Woman in Red (1889 -- April 25, 1947), was an Austro-Hungarian-born Romanian prostitute and brothel owner in the American cities of Chicago and Gary.	Ana Cumpănaș	1889
date of birth	Sigurd Senje (15 September 1919-- 24 September 1993) was a Norwegian non-fiction writer, novelist and children's writer.	Sigurd Senje	15 September 1919
date of birth	Alaric Tay (born Tay Liang Hoong, Alaric on 26 June 1979) is a Singaporean director, producer and actor.	Alaric Tay	26 June 1979
date of birth	Llwyd Owen is an award-winning Welsh-language fiction author born in Cardiff in 1977.	Llwyd Owen	1977
date of birth	Abdelmoumene Rafik Khalifa (born 1 October 1966) is an Algerian businessman living in London.	Rafik Khalifa	1 October 1966
date of birth	Domenico Mustafà (16 April 1829 -- 17 March 1912) was an Italian castrato singer, composer and choir director.	Domenico Mustafà	16 April 1829
date of birth	Shino Mori (森 志乃 Mori Shino, born in Gunma Prefecture 1989) is a Japanese-born ballerina for the National Ballet of Canada.	Shino Mori	1989
date of birth	David B. Adams, M.D. (born 1950) is Professor of Surgery, Chief, Division of Gastrointestinal and Laparoscopic Surgery and Co-Director of the Digestive Disease Center at the Medical University of South Carolina.	David B. Adams	1950
date of birth	Henry Jupp (christened 6 August 1802 at Dorking, Surrey; date of death unknown) was an English first-class cricketer who was active in the 1820s playing for Surrey county cricket teams.	Henry Jupp	6 August 1802
date of birth	Leah Coombes (born 3 March 1994) is a British actress, best known for having played Chloe Costello in the soap opera Family Affairs.	Leah Coombes	3 March 1994
date of birth	Elisabeth Gantt (born 1934) is a botanist, known for her work in plant physiology and structure.	Elisabeth Gantt	1934
date of birth	Norm Wilson (4 February 1927 -- 14 September 2011) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	Norm Wilson	4 February 1927
date of birth	Ellesmere Choi Chi-kin (Chinese: 蔡子健, born 28 December 1969 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong television actor for TVB.	Ellesmere Choi	28 December 1969
date of birth	David Ker (February 1758 -- January 21, 1805), born in northern Ireland, was a minister, educator, lawyer and judge, the first presiding professor (equivalent of a modern-day university president) of the University of North Carolina.	David Ker	February 1758
date of birth	Anna Úrsúla Guðmundsdóttir (born 1 May 1985 in Reykjavík) is an Icelandic handballer who plays for Valur Reykjavík as a line player.	Anna Úrsúla Guðmundsdóttir	1 May 1985
date of birth	Zhang Wenkang(born 1940 in Nanhui, Shanghai) was the health minister of China during the SARS outbreak who was sacked for mishandling the matter.	Zhang Wenkang	1940
date of birth	Katsuhiko Kinoshita (born 1973) is a Japanese team handball coach.	Katsuhiko Kinoshita	1973
date of birth	Ashani Kemarley Brown (born 20 July 1992) is a Jamaican track and field sprinter who competes in the 100 metres and 200 metres.	Kemarley Brown	20 July 1992
date of birth	Nitzia Scott (born October 10, 1990), better known by her stage name Nitty Scott, MC, is an American emcee from Orlando, Florida signed to Boombox Family Entertainment.	Nitty Scott, MC	1990
date of birth	Sibyl Kempson (born 1973 Pequannock, NJ) is an American playwright, and performer.	Sibyl Kempson	1973
date of birth	Ana Tasić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ана Тасић; born 1978) is a Serbian theatre critic and researcher.	Ana Tasić	1978
date of birth	Ko Fan-long (Chinese: 柯芳隆, born 1947) is one of Taiwan's leading composers.	Ko Fan-long	1947
date of birth	Shakur Stevenson (born 28 June 1997) is an American amateur boxer in the Bantamweight Division.	Shakur Stevenson	28 June 1997
date of birth	Paul Due (13 August 1835 -- 26 February 1919) was a Norwegian architect and significant contributor to the stations built by the Norwegian State Railways.	Paul Due	13 August 1835
date of birth	Jules Chametzky (born in Brooklyn, 1928) is an American literary critic, writer, editor, and unionist.	Jules Chametzky	1928
date of birth	Andrew T. Lincoln (born 17 May 1944) is a British New Testament scholar.	Andrew T. Lincoln	17 May 1944
date of birth	Wanderson Carvalho de Oliveira (born 31 March 1989), simply known as Wanderson is a Brazilian footballer playing for Daejeon Citizen in K League Classic who plays as a defender.	Wanderson Carvalho de Oliveira	31 March 1989
developer	Impossible Creatures is a real-time strategy game released on December 29, 2002 developed by Relic Entertainment in conjunction with Microsoft Studios.	Impossible Creatures	Relic Entertainment
director	Surf Party is a 1964 beach party film directed by Maury Dexter.	Surf Party	Maury Dexter
dissolved or abolished	Der Blaue Reiter was a movement lasting from 1911 to 1914, fundamental to Expressionism, along with Die Brücke which was founded in 1905.	Der Blaue Reiter	1914
educated at	Sugith Varughese was raised in Saskatoon, began university studies at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon with a double major in pre-medicine and drama, and continued on to an undergraduate degree in drama at the University of Minnesota in Minneapolis and a Master of Fine Arts at York University in Toronto.	Sugith Varughese	University of Saskatchewan	University of Minnesota	York University
educated at	Aaron Rahsaan Thomas is a television and film screenwriter and producer, as well as an adjunct professor at the University of Southern California School of Cinematic Arts.	Aaron Rahsaan Thomas	University of Southern California
educated at	Michael Pinsky studied in England at Manchester Polytechnic, the University of Brighton and at the Royal College of Art in London.	Michael Pinsky	University of Brighton	Royal College of Art
educated at	From 1960 to 1965 Malcolm McFee attended Plaistow County Grammar School, which had previously produced film actor Terence Stamp.	Malcolm McFee	Plaistow County Grammar School
educated at	John Covel (2 April 1638 -- 19 December 1722) was a clergyman and scientist who became Master of Christ's College, Cambridge and vice-chancellor of the University.	John Covel	Christ's College
educated at	Diane Lockward earned her bachelor's degree from Elmira College and her master's from Montclair State University.	Diane Lockward	Montclair State University
educated at	Inguna Sudraba graduated from the University of Latvia in 1988 with a degree in economic planning.	Inguna Sudraba	University of Latvia
educated at	Agnes Inglis (1870--1952) was a Detroit, Michigan-born anarchist who became the primary architect of the Labadie Collection at the University of Michigan.	Agnes Inglis	University of Michigan
educated at	William Leap earned his bachelor's degree from Florida State University in 1967 and his Ph.D. from Southern Methodist University in 1970.	William Leap	Florida State University	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Guntars Antoms graduated from Faculty of Law the University of Latvia.	Guntars Antoms	University of Latvia
educated at	Born A'Drewana Chane't Johnson in Dallas, Texas, Johnson received a BFA in Theatre Arts from Southern Methodist University.	Chane't Johnson	Southern Methodist University
educated at	Mark Pitcavage earned a PhD in American military and social history from Ohio State University in 1995.	Mark Pitcavage	Ohio State University
educated at	After accepting an athletic scholarship to Michigan State University, Marshall Dill picked up right where he left off in high school; winning a total of eleven indoor and outdoor Big Ten Conference titles in the sprint and relay events--including four consecutive conference championships in the outdoor 220 yard dash.	Marshall Dill	Michigan State University
educated at	John Varoli graduated from Cornell University in 1990 with a degree in Russian Studies.	John Varoli	Cornell University
educated at	Philip Gummett served as Pro Vice-Chancellor and Director of the PREST (Policy Research in Engineering, Science and Technology) institute at the University of Manchester.	Philip Gummett	University of Manchester
educated at	Juan José León Rubio obtaines his law degree from National Autonomous University of Mexico and has a masters degree from the University of Guadalajara.	Juan José León Rubio	National Autonomous University of Mexico
educated at	Mona Keijzer studied juridical public administration and law at the University of Amsterdam.	Mona Keijzer	University of Amsterdam
educated at	The younger Henry Puckering was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge where graduated in 1657.	Henry Puckering	Trinity College
educated at	Peter Benchley was an alumnus of The Allen-Stevenson School, Phillips Exeter Academy, and Harvard University.	Peter Benchley	Harvard University
educated at	Dr. Mohammad Zubair Khan has a doctorate in political economy from Johns Hopkins University.	Mohammad Zubair Khan	Johns Hopkins University
educated at	Michael Massing received his Bachelor of Arts from Harvard and an MS from the London School of Economics and Political Science.	Michael Massing	London School of Economics
educated at	Following his graduation from Ohio State, Mekka Don attended New York University School of Law, graduating in 2006 and passing the New York State Bar Exam that same year.	Mekka Don	New York University School of Law
educated at	Daniel Bermúdez Samper (born 1950) is a Colombian architect, and Professor at the Faculty of Architecture and Design of the University of the Andes.	Daniel Bermúdez	University of the Andes
educated at	Joanna Van Gyseghem (born 4 September 1941, Tunbridge Wells) is an English actress, educated at Malvern Girls' College and Trinity College, Dublin.	Joanna Van Gyseghem	Trinity College
educated at	Alec Neill was raised at Allans Beach on the Otago Peninsula, attended the Hoopers Inlet Primary School and then attended St. Kevin's College, Oamaru, and the University of Otago where he graduated with an LLB.	Alec Neill	University of Otago
educated at	Robert Hoblyn was educated at Eton, matriculated from Corpus Christi College, Oxford, on 18 Dec. 1727, took a B.C.L. degree in 1734, and in the same year contributed verses to the ``Epithalamia Oxoniensia.''	Robert Hoblyn	Corpus Christi College
educated at	Huajian Gao received his B.S. in Engineering Mechanics from Xi'an Jiaotong University of China in 1982, and his M.S. and Ph.D. in Engineering Science from Harvard University in 1984 and 1988, respectively.	Huajian Gao	Harvard University
educated at	Conductor Misha Rachlevsky was born in Moscow, he began his musical education at the early age of five with violin lessons, he studied at the Moscow Conservatory and the Gnessin Russian Academy of Music in Moscow.	Misha Rachlevsky	Moscow Conservatory
educated at	Trevor Kincaid (December 21, 1872 -- July 1, 1970) was a Canadian-American scientist and professor at the University of Washington who achieved national acclaim for his scientific achievements while an undergraduate student.	Trevor Kincaid	University of Washington
educated at	Bobby Skafish who grew up in Hammond, Indiana, majored in Telecommunications at Indiana University and worked at WIUS, now WIUX, the college radio station.	Bobby Skafish	Indiana University
educated at	Judith Merkies graduated with a law degree from the University of Amsterdam and pursued a career as a lawyer before taking on post-graduate studies in European and International Law at the same university.	Judith Merkies	University of Amsterdam
educated at	Andreas Pfaltz studied at ETH Zurich, completing his undergraduate Diploma in Natural Sciences in 1972 and his PhD in Organic Chemistry in 1978.	Andreas Pfaltz	ETH Zurich
educated at	Andrew Peach was educated at Queen Mary's Grammar School in Walsall and St Edmund Hall, Oxford where he achieved a first class master's degree in Modern History and Politics.	Andrew Peach	St Edmund Hall
educated at	Gennady Grushevoy (Belarusian language: Генадзь Грушавы, Hienadź Hrušavy 24 July 1950 -- 28 January 2014 ) was a Professor of philosophy at the Belarusian State University from 1973 until his death in 2014.	Gennady Grushevoy	Belarusian State University
educated at	Jerry Taylor attended the University of Iowa as a political science major.	Jerry Taylor	University of Iowa
educated at	Myo Min Zaw studied English at the University of Yangon, where he became active in the pro-democracy group All Burma Federation of Student Unions (ABFSU).	Myo Min Zaw	University of Yangon
educated at	Born in Dublin in 1910, Vivion de Valera was educated at Blackrock College, University College Dublin (MSc, PhD) and King's Inns.	Vivion de Valera	University College Dublin
educated at	William Veeder completed his undergraduate studies at Notre Dame, and then spent two years at the University of Iowa Writers'' Workshop, where he earned his Master of Fine Arts.	William Veeder	University of Iowa
educated at	Graciela Limón graduated from Marymount College (now Loyola Marymount University), Fundación Universidad de las Américas, Puebla with a master's degree, and from University of California Los Angeles with a Ph.D. She is a professor emeritus of Loyola Marymount University.	Graciela Limón	Loyola Marymount University	University of California Los Angeles
educated at	Ilya Frank studied mathematics and theoretical physics at Moscow State University.	Ilya Frank	Moscow State University
educated at	Michael Rustad is a law professor at Suffolk University Law School, an author and television commentator.	Michael Rustad	Suffolk University Law School
educated at	Ernest Corea was educated at the well known educational institution Royal College, Colombo and the University of Peradeniya.	Ernest Corea	Royal College, Colombo
educated at	Wayne Krivsky attended Duke University, where he played baseball for three years.	Wayne Krivsky	Duke University
educated at	DeAnne Julius was a member of BP's board from 2001 to 2011.	DeAnne Julius	BP
educated at	After studying at Eton College and Cambridge University, Jonathan Pease began learning the business of conditioning Thoroughbreds for racing in England under the tutelage of Toby Balding and Clive Brittain.	Jonathan Pease	Eton College
educated at	Shibly Aziz completed his senior school studies from 1954 to 1963 at Royal College, Colombo.	Shibly Aziz	Royal College, Colombo
educated at	David Cheung studied in the Wah Yan College, Kowloon, New Method College, and Hong Kong Baptist College (today's Baptist University).	David Cheung	Wah Yan College, Kowloon	New Method College, and Hong Kong
educated at	Mary Ethel Creswell (October 15, 1879 -- August 7, 1960) was the first female to receive an undergraduate degree from the University of Georgia (UGA) in Athens, Georgia.	Mary Ethel Creswell	University of Georgia
educated at	Chiau Wen-yan received his M.A. (1989) and Ph.D. (1991) from the University of Pennsylvania, U.S. after earning his B.S. (1976) and LL.M. (1980) degrees in Taiwan.	Chiau Wen-yan	University of Pennsylvania
educated at	Rob Bats studied public administration at the University of Twente.	Rob Bats	University of Twente
educated at	John Bowis was educated at Tonbridge School and Brasenose College, Oxford, where he studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics.	John Bowis	Brasenose College
educated at	Albert Eschenmoser (born August 5, 1925) is a Swiss chemist working at the ETH Zurich and The Scripps Research Institute.	Albert Eschenmoser	ETH Zurich
educated at	Harold Marks was born in London and educated at Caterham School, University College, Oxford (BA in Modern Greats), and Wesleyan University, Connecticut.	Harold Marks	Wesleyan University
educated at	Amos Tuck attended Effingham Academy and Hampton Academy and graduated from Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire, in 1835; he studied law and passed the bar.	Amos Tuck	Dartmouth College
educated at	Jerry Clack (born 22 July 1926) is Professor of Classical Languages at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh.	Jerry Clack	Duquesne University
educated at	Born in Seoul, Choi In-ho graduated from the Department of English Literature at Yonsei University and debuted as a writer in 1967 with ``Patient Apprentice'' (Gyeonseup Hwanja, 견습환자) which was selected as one of the winners of the New Spring Literary Contest sponsored by The Chosun Ilbo.	Choi In-ho	Yonsei University
educated at	Maaza Mengiste has a MFA degree in creative writing from New York University.	Maaza Mengiste	New York University
educated at	Basudeb DasSarma (1923--2007) was a chemist and faculty at the University College of Science and Technology of the University of Calcutta.	Basudeb DasSarma	University of Calcutta
educated at	Ken Kristensen received an MFA in 2008 from Columbia University Film School.	Ken Kristensen	Columbia University
educated at	James Piereson received a B.A. in 1968 and a Ph.D. in 1973 in political science, both from Michigan State University.	James Piereson	Michigan State University
educated at	In 1961, Holt married bank manager Gilbert LaPiere, who adopted Cher (under the name Cheryl LaPiere) and her half-sister Georganne, and enrolled them at Montclair College Preparatory School, a private school in Encino, whose students were mostly from affluent families.	Cher	Montclair College Preparatory School
educated at	Richard S. Tedlow is the MBA Class of 1949 Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School, where he is a specialist in the history of business.	Richard S. Tedlow	Harvard Business School
educated at	Sonja Biserko holds a degree from the University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics.	Sonja Biserko	University of Belgrade Faculty of Economics
educated at	Professor Miles Lewis AM (b. 1943, Amersham, UK) is an Australian academic serving as a Professor in the Faculty of Architecture, Building & Planning, at the University of Melbourne, Australia.	Miles Lewis	University of Melbourne
educated at	Mordechai Rotenberg (1932 - ) (Hebrew: מרדכי רוטנברג‎) is an Israeli professor of social work at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	Mordechai Rotenberg	Hebrew University of Jerusalem
educated at	Wladimir Jan Kochanski (b. 5 December 1935, d. 24 March 2015) was a graduate of the Juilliard School of Music and enjoyed a long career as a concert pianist.	Wladimir Jan Kochanski	Juilliard School
educated at	Nina Tassler is an American television executive, a graduate of Boston University (bachelor of fine arts in theater), and has held the position of President of CBS Entertainment since September 2004.	Nina Tassler	Boston University
educated at	Friedrich Fichter (6. July 1869 - 1952) was a professor of inorganic chemistry at the University of Basel.	Friedrich Fichter	University of Basel
educated at	Obafemi Anibaba obtained a bachelor's degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of Lagos and went on to obtain a Phd.	Obafemi Anibaba	University of Lagos
educated at	Charlotte Tansey studied English literature at College Marguerite Bourgeoys of the Université de Montréal, earning a Bachelor of Arts in 1943, and then received her Master of Arts from McGill University in 1946; she wrote her thesis about Gertrude Stein.	Charlotte Tansey	McGill University
educated at	Cecilie Broch Knudsen (born 3 January 1950) is an artist and rector of the Oslo National Academy of the Arts.	Cecilie Broch Knudsen	Oslo National Academy of the Arts
educated at	Kenner Garrard briefly attended Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, but withdrew in his sophomore year after accepting an appointment to the United States Military Academy.	Kenner Garrard	Harvard University	United States Military Academy
educated at	Alison Elizabeth Taylor is a graduate of Columbia University, School of the Arts and has had three solo exhibitions at the James Cohan Gallery in New York.	Alison Elizabeth Taylor	Columbia University
educated at	Anil Srinivasan (born June 3, 1977) is a classical pianist born in Chennai, India and educated at the University of Southern California and at Columbia University, New York.	Anil Srinivasan	University of Southern California	Columbia University
educated at	Under the guidance and pastoral care of Fr Ramirez, Mon Ilagan began his career in broadcasting while pursuing his college degree in Communication Arts at the University of Santo Tomas.	Mon Ilagan	University of Santo Tomas
educated at	Mark Vonnegut (whom his parents named after Mark Twain) graduated from Swarthmore College in 1969.	Mark Vonnegut	Swarthmore College
educated at	John Gabbert Bowman (May 18, 1877 -- December 2, 1962) was the tenth Chancellor (1921--1945) of the University of Pittsburgh and the ninth President (1911--1914) of the University of Iowa.	John Gabbert Bowman	University of Iowa
educated at	Bryce Edgmon received a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Alaska, Anchorage.	Bryce Edgmon	University of Alaska, Anchorage
educated at	Roger Moorey was educated at Mill Hill School, and read Modern History at Corpus Christi College, Oxford, Oxford.	Roger Moorey	Corpus Christi College
educated at	David S. Touretzky is a research professor in the Computer Science Department and the Center for the Neural Basis of Cognition at Carnegie Mellon University.	David S. Touretzky	Carnegie Mellon University
educated at	Ellen Stofan received her Bachelor of Science degree in geology from the College of William & Mary in 1983 and went on to earn masters and doctorate degrees from Brown University.	Ellen Stofan	College of William & Mary	Brown University
educated at	Born in Worcester, Massachusetts, the son of Pierre-Basile Mignault and Catherine O'Callaghan, he received a Bachelor of Civil Law degree from McGill University in 1878.	Pierre-Basile Mignault	McGill University
educated at	Cecilia Wikström got her Bachelor of Theology at the Department of Theology at Uppsala University in 1993.	Cecilia Wikström	Uppsala University
educated at	Eduard Pernkopf (November 24, 1888 -- April 17, 1955) was an Austrian professor of anatomy who later served as rector of the University of Vienna, his alma mater.	Eduard Pernkopf	University of Vienna
educated at	Steven S. Honigman was educated at New York University, from which he received a B.A. and at Yale Law School, from which he received a J.D. He was admitted to the bar of New York state in 1973.	Steven S. Honigman	New York University	Yale Law School
educated at	Alex Hankey (born 18 August, 1947) is a theoretical physicist trained at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Cambridge University.	Alex Hankey	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
educated at	Olive San Louie Anderson ( Lexington, Ohio, 1852--1886) was an American woman author and member of the first class of women students who entered the University of Michigan when it became coeducational in 1871.	Olive San Louie Anderson	University of Michigan
educated at	Tang Yijie (Chinese: 汤一介; pinyin: Tāng Yījiè; Wade--Giles: T'ang I-chieh; 16 February 1927 − 9 September 2014) was a Chinese scholar and professor at Peking University, who has been described as China's top scholar on philosophy and Chinese studies.	Tang Yijie	Peking University
educated at	Oswald Herbert Ernst (June 27, 1842 -- March 21, 1926) was an astronomer, engineer, military educator, and career officer in the United States Army who became superintendent of the United States Military Academy.	Oswald Herbert Ernst	United States Military Academy
educated at	Fausto Brizzi got a Degree in directing at the ``Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia'' in July 1994.	Fausto Brizzi	Centro Sperimentale di Cinematografia
educated at	Crystle Stewart graduated from Elkins High School in Missouri City, and graduated from the University of Houston in 2007.	Crystle Stewart	University of Houston
educated at	James Frank Gilliam studied at San Jose State University (B.A. 1935) and at Stanford University (M.A. 1936).	James Frank Gilliam	Stanford University
educated at	John Homans was born in Boston, Massachusetts in 1877, and was educated at Harvard University and Harvard Medical School.	John Homans	Harvard University	Harvard Medical School
educated at	Cesar Adib Majul (born in Aparri, Cagayan, Philippines, on October 21, 1923) was educated at the University of the Philippines and Cornell University.	Cesar Adib Majul	Cornell University
educated at	In addition, the 500-seat theater at the University of Wisconsin-Oshkosh is named after March, as well as the 168-seat Fredric March Play Circle Theater at the University of Wisconsin-Madison Memorial Union.	Fredric March	University of Wisconsin-Madison
educated at	Walter Robins was born in Stafford and was educated at Highgate School and Cambridge University.	Walter Robins	Highgate School
educated at	Jan Carlzon graduated with an MBA from the Stockholm School of Economics in 1967 and immediately started his career in the international hospitality industry at Vingresor.	Jan Carlzon	Stockholm School of Economics
educated at	Francis Ottley was educated at Shrewsbury School from the age of ten.	Francis Ottley	Shrewsbury School
educated at	Robinson O. Everett (March 18, 1928 -- June 12, 2009) was an American lawyer, judge and a professor of law at Duke University.	Robinson O. Everett	Duke University
educated at	Józef Wieniawski studied at the Conservatoire de Paris with Pierre Zimmermann and Antoine François Marmontel in 1847, leaving in 1850.	Józef Wieniawski	Conservatoire de Paris
educated at	Chad Ford is an Assistant Professor at Brigham Young University -- Hawaii (BYUH).	Chad Ford	Brigham Young University -- Hawaii
educated at	Sophia N. Antonopoulou (Greek: Σοφία Ν. Αντωνοπούλου; born 1947) is a professor at the National Technical University of Athens, Greece and holds a PhD in Economics from the University College London, UK.	Sophia N. Antonopoulou	University College London
employer	David Charbonneau is a Professor of Astronomy at Harvard University.	David Charbonneau	Harvard University
employer	John De Saram is a Sri Lankan diplomat and lawyer, who served as Permanent Representative of Sri Lanka to the United Nations in New York.	John De Saram	United Nations
employer	Fred Reed (born 1945 in Crumpler, West Virginia) is a writer and former technology columnist for The Washington Times.	Fred Reed	The Washington Times
employer	Marc Vignal (born 21 December 1933) is a noted French musicologist, writer and radio producer for France Musique and program manager at Radio France (1975-1999), Journalist Harmony (1964-1984), The World of Music (1985-2009) and Classica (2009-).	Marc Vignal	Radio France
employer	Robert Byron Bird (born February 5, 1924, Bryan, Texas) is a Chemical Engineer and Professor Emeritus in the Department of Chemical Engineering at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.	Robert Byron Bird	University of Wisconsin-Madison
employer	Zeki Levent Kırca (September 28, 1948 -- October 12, 2015) was a Turkish comedian, stage and film actor, columnist of the newspaper Aydınlık and politician of the left-wing Patriotic Party (Turkish: Vatan Partisi).	Levent Kırca	Aydınlık
employer	Vesa Kanniainen studied at the London School of Economics in 1972-73, working within macroeconomic theory and monetary economics, topics that he was also teaching as Visiting Assistant Professor at Brown University and Washington State University in 1977-79.	Vesa Kanniainen	Brown University
employer	José Feghali (March 28, 1961 -- December 9, 2014) was a Brazilian pianist, who, until his death, was an Artist-in-Residence at Texas Christian University's school of music in piano.	José Feghali	Texas Christian University
employer	C.-C. Jay Kuo (born 1957, Hsinchu, Taiwan) is Director of the Multimedia Communications Lab. and Dean's Professor in Electrical Engineering-Systems at University of Southern California.	C.-C. Jay Kuo	University of Southern California
employer	Alison Davis-Blake (born Alison Marie Davis on November 5, 1958, in Palo Alto, California) is an American professor currently serving as Dean of the Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan.	Alison Davis-Blake	University of Michigan
employer	Cynthia Ann Humes is a professor of Religious Studies at Claremont McKenna College, in Claremont, California.	Cynthia Ann Humes	Claremont McKenna College
employer	Before teaching at Syracuse University, Horace Campbell taught in the Department of Political Science at Northwestern University in Evanston, Illinois and for six years at the University of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.	Horace Campbell	Northwestern University
employer	Jerzy Kłoczowski (born 29 December 1924 in Bogdany, Poland) is a Polish historian, professor at the John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin, and former member of the Polish Senate.	Jerzy Kłoczowski	John Paul II Catholic University of Lublin
employer	Carla Del Ponte (born February 9, 1947) is a former Chief Prosecutor of two United Nations international criminal law tribunals.	Carla Del Ponte	United Nations
employer	William Arveson (22 November 1934 -- 15 November 2011) was a mathematician specializing in operator algebras who worked as a professor of Mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley.	William Arveson	University of California, Berkeley
employer	In the mid-1930s, Harry Behn joined the faculty of the University of Arizona, where he was a professor of English and ran the educational radio programs.	Harry Behn	University of Arizona
employer	Keith Burridge (born 1 July 1950) is a British researcher and Kenan distinguished Professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.	Keith Burridge	University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
employer	Vin Ray is a member of the BBC's Journalism Board and the first Director of the BBC College of Journalism.	Vin Ray	BBC
employer	Klara Nahrstedt is the Ralph and Catherine Fisher Professor of Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign, and directs the Coordinated Science Laboratory there.	Klara Nahrstedt	University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign
employer	Ulrich Herbert (born 24 September 1951) is a German historian and a specializes in the Nazi era and German history during World War II. He is a professor at the University of Freiburg.	Ulrich Herbert	University of Freiburg
employer	Andreas Teuber is Associate Professor of Philosophy at Brandeis University.	Andreas Teuber	Brandeis University
employer	M. Elizabeth Graue is Sorenson professor of Curriculum and Instruction, in the School of Education at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison.	M. Elizabeth Graue	University of Wisconsin-- Madison
employer	Robert Steinberg (May 25, 1922 Soroki, Bessarabia, Romania (present-day Soroca, Moldavia)-- May 25, 2014) was a mathematician at the University of California, Los Angeles.	Robert Steinberg	University of California, Los Angeles
employer	Dara O'Rourke is an environmental scientist, information scientist and professor at the University of California, Berkeley where he holds an appointment in the Department of Environmental Science, Policy, and Management.	Dara O'Rourke	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Jorma Elo´s life partner since 1994 is Nancy Euverink (born 1968), who -- being a dancer herself -- has also been assistant to Mr Elo and is from 2012 Director of the Dance Department of Royal Conservatory of The Hague.	Jorma Elo	Royal Conservatory of The Hague
employer	Sandro Magister (born 1943) is an Italian journalist who writes for the magazine ``L'espresso''.	Sandro Magister	L'espresso
employer	Harvey Pittel (born June 22, 1943) is an American saxophonist who performs principally in North America, and, before retiring, was the Professor of Saxophone at the University of Texas at Austin Sarah and Ernest Butler School of Music in the College of Fine Arts.	Harvey Pittel	University of Texas at Austin
employer	Doctor Carlos Eduardo Stolk Mendoza (4 April 1912 -- 14 November 1995 from Caracas, Venezuela) was Chairman of the Delegation of Venezuela of the United Nations General Assembly, represented Venezuela between 1942 and 1949.	Carlos Eduardo Stolk	United Nations
employer	Mavro Sachs (born Moritz Sachs ; 1817 -- May 5, 1888) was Croatian physician, the first lecturer of the University of Zagreb, founder of the forensic medicine in Croatia and the first Jew who officially became the citizen of Zagreb.	Mavro Sachs	University of Zagreb
employer	Barry Checkoway is a Professor of Social Work and Professor of Urban Planning at the University of Michigan School of Social Work.	Barry Checkoway	University of Michigan
employer	Wolfram Eberhard (March 17, 1909 -- August 15, 1989) was a professor Emeritus of Sociology at the University of California, Berkeley focused on Western, Central and Eastern Asian societies.	Wolfram Eberhard	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Daniel P. Schrag (born January 25, 1966) is Sturgis Hooper Professor of Geology, Professor of Environmental Science and Engineering, Director of the University Center for the Environment, and Director of the Laboratory for Geochemical Oceanography at Harvard University.	Daniel P. Schrag	Harvard University
employer	Zohar Manna (born 1939) is a professor of computer science at Stanford University.	Zohar Manna	Stanford University
employer	Mikkel Borch-Jacobsen (born 1951), is Professor of Comparative Literature and French at the University of Washington in Seattle.	Mikkel Borch-Jacobsen	University of Washington
employer	Valerie Toranian (born 1962) is a French journalist and the editor-in-chief of the fashion magazine Elle in France.	Valerie Toranian	Elle
employer	Alfred Ryors (1812 -- 1858) served as the second president of Indiana University and the fifth president of Ohio University.	Alfred Ryors	Ohio University
employer	Elisa Bertino is a professor of computer science at Purdue University and is acting as the research director of CERIAS, the Center for Education and Research in Information Assurance and Security, an institute attached to Purdue University.	Elisa Bertino	Purdue University
employer	Teaching part-time at New Mexico State University and also working as Development Director for the Colonias Development Council, Sheila Black continues to write poetry, recently becoming co-editor of Beauty Is A Verb:	Sheila Black	New Mexico State University
employer	Jonathan Simon is the Associate Dean of the Jurisprudence and Social Policy Program at Boalt Hall School of Law at University of California, Berkeley, author of Governing Through Crime:	Jonathan Simon	University of California, Berkeley
employer	Carole Wainaina is the United Nations Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources.	Carole Wainaina	United Nations
employer	Robert Hecht-Nielsen (born 1947) is an adjunct professor of electrical and computer engineering at the University of California, San Diego.	Robert Hecht-Nielsen	University of California, San Diego
employer	Colin Mayer is the Peter Moores Professor of Management Studies at the Saïd Business School at the University of Oxford.	Colin Mayer	University of Oxford
employer	Brian Daly is an Irish news journalist currently working for TV3 News.	Brian Daly	TV3
employer	Gouri Dharmapal is an Indian poet, Sanskrit scholar, and the former head of the department of Sanskrit at Lady Brabourne College at the University of Calcutta.	Gouri Dharmapal	Lady Brabourne College
employer	Steven Underhill was an early contributor to the gay youth publication XY Magazine.	Steven Underhill	XY
employer	Martin D. Burke is a professor of chemistry at the University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign.	Martin D. Burke	University of Illinois at Urbana-- Champaign
employer	In 2007 Ulrich Mahlknecht became a full professor of medicine at the Saarland University, where he is currently head of the Division of Immunotherapy and Gene Therapy within the Department of Internal Medicine.	Ulrich Mahlknecht	Saarland University
employer	Joel Hass is an American mathematician, a professor of mathematics and chair of the mathematics department at the University of California, Davis.	Joel Hass	University of California, Davis
employer	Kay Mortensen (July 6, 1939 - November 16, 2009) was a retired professor of mechanical engineering at Brigham Young University who was murdered.	Kay Mortensen	Brigham Young University
employer	Eduardo Sartelli (born April 5, 1963, Buenos Aires) is an Argentine revolutionary socialist professor and politician, Doctor in History by the University of Buenos Aires, where he investigates and teaches contemporary Argentine history, as well as in La Plata National University.	Eduardo Sartelli	University of Buenos Aires
employer	After receiving her DMA in Music Composition, Shih-Hui Chen took a position at the Shepherd School of Music, Rice University where she is currently an Associate Professor of Music Composition.	Shih-Hui Chen	Rice University
employer	Stuart Hameroff (born July 16, 1947) is an anesthesiologist and professor at the University of Arizona known for his studies of consciousness.	Stuart Hameroff	University of Arizona
employer	Peter Haggett, CBE Sc.D. FBA (b. 24 January 1933) is an eminent British geographer and academic, Professor Emeritus and Senior Research Fellow in Urban and Regional Geography at the School of Geographical Sciences, University of Bristol.	Peter Haggett	University of Bristol
employer	Owen M. Fiss (born 1938) is a Sterling Professor at Yale Law School.	Owen M. Fiss	Yale Law School
employer	Kongjian Yu Doctor of Design, Harvard GSD Professor and Dean, College of Architecture and Landscape Architecture, Peking University Visiting Professor, Harvard University Graduate School of Design President and Principal Designer, Turenscape	Kongjian Yu	Harvard University
employer	Mike Pilbeam (born 1937) is a British motorsport designer and engineer known for his work with BRM, Lotus, Surtees and his own company, Pilbeam Racing Designs.	Mike Pilbeam	Surtees	Pilbeam Racing Designs
employer	Josef Tošovský (Czech pronunciation: (ˈjozɛf ˈtoʃofskiː)) (born 28 September 1950) is a Czech economist and former governor of Czech National Bank (from 1993 to 2000).	Josef Tošovský	Czech National Bank
employer	Irven DeVore (October 7, 1934 -- September 23, 2014) was an anthropologist and evolutionary biologist, and Curator of Primatology at Harvard University's Peabody Museum of Archaeology and Ethnology.	Irven DeVore	Harvard University
employer	Marc Amsler (born February 5, 1891 in Vevey, Switzerland; died May 3, 1968) was a professor of ophthalmology at der Zurich Eye Clinic at the University of Zurich.	Marc Amsler	University of Zurich
employer	Lawrence Olson (May 7, 1918 -- March 17, 1992) was an American historian specializing in Japan who served as the Professor of History at Wesleyan University.	Lawrence Olson	Wesleyan University
employer	John Conklin (born June 22, 1937) is a theater designer and teaches in the Department of Design for Stage and Film at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts.	John Conklin	New York University
employer	Charles Thomas Ireland, Jr. (1921-1972) was a president of CBS, whose appointment from another company and then surprising death caused turmoil within the corporation.	Charles Thomas Ireland, Jr.	CBS
employer	Sudipta Sengupta is a professor in structural geology in Jadavpur University, Calcutta, India, and a trained mountaineer.	Sudipta Sengupta	Jadavpur University
employer	Randall J. LeVeque is a Professor of Applied Mathematics at University of Washington who works in many fields including numerical analysis, computational fluid dynamics, and mathematical theory of conservation laws.	Randall J. LeVeque	University of Washington
employer	Antoine Émile Henry Labeyrie (born 12 May 1943) is a French astronomer, who held the Observational astrophysics chair at the Collège de France between 1991 and 2014.	Antoine Émile Henry Labeyrie	Collège de France
employer	I. Richard Gershon (born 1957) is the current Dean of the University of Mississippi School of Law.	Richard Gershon	University of Mississippi
employer	Gradual Wars (1972) Rumours (1977) History Lessons (1983) Seamus Deane is currently the Keough Professor of Irish Studies at the University of Notre Dame, Indiana, and a co-editor of Field Day Review, an annual journal of Irish studies.	Seamus Deane	University of Notre Dame
employer	Jane Piore Gilman is an American mathematician, a distinguished professor of mathematics at Rutgers University.	Jane Piore Gilman	Rutgers University
employer	Winston Smith works as a clerk in the Records Department of the Ministry of Truth, where his job is to rewrite historical documents so they match the constantly changing current party line.	Winston Smith	Ministry of Truth
employer	Youssef Mahmoud, a national from Tunisia was appointed by the United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as his Special Representative for the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic and Chad (MINURCAT), effective 1 June 2010.	Youssef Mahmoud	United Nations
employer	Arthur John Butler (21 June 1844 -- 26 February 1910), was an English scholar, editor, and mountaineer, professor of Italian language and literature at University College, London.	Arthur John Butler	University College, London
employer	Niels Bjerrum was the son of ophthalmologist Jannik Petersen Bjerrum, and started to study at University of Copenhagen in 1897.	Niels Bjerrum	University of Copenhagen
employer	John M. Hollerbach is a professor of computer science and research professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Utah.	John M. Hollerbach	University of Utah
employer	Victor D'Hondt (20 November 1841 -- 30 May 1901) was a Belgian lawyer, salesman, jurist of civil law at Ghent University, and mathematician.	Victor D'Hondt	Ghent University
employer	Cary Nelson (1946), is an American professor of English and Jubilee Professor of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Cary Nelson	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
employer	Malika Zeghal (born 1965) is the Tunisian Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Professor in Contemporary Islamic Thought and Life at Harvard University, and formerly an associate professor of the anthropology and sociology of religion in the University of Chicago Divinity School.	Malika Zeghal	Harvard University	University of Chicago
employer	Kerry-Jayne Wilson is a New Zealand biologist and Professor Emeritus of Ecology at Lincoln University, in the Faculty of Agriculture and Life Sciences.	Kerry-Jayne Wilson	Lincoln University
employer	Luisa Baldini (born in Tanzania) is Anglo-Italian freelance news reporter and presenter, previously having worked for BBC News.	Luisa Baldini	BBC
employer	Harald Lesch (born 28. July 1960 in Gießen, Hesse) is a German physicist, astronomer, natural philosopher, author, television presenter, professor of physics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich (LMU) and professor of natural philosophy at the Munich University of Philosophy.	Harald Lesch	Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich
employer	Michael Denning (born 1954) is an American cultural historian and William R. Kenan, Jr. Professor of American Studies at Yale University.	Michael Denning	Yale University
employer	Gavyn Davies, OBE (born 27 November 1950) is a former Goldman Sachs partner and multi-millionaire who was the chairman of the BBC from 2001 until 2004.	Gavyn Davies	BBC
employer	David S. Saxon (February 8, 1920 -- December 8, 2005) was an American physicist and educator who served as the President of University of California system as well as the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Corporation.	David S. Saxon	Massachusetts Institute of Technology
employer	Marie-Ange Nardi (born 2 April 1961 in Marseille) is a French television presenter for TF1.	Marie-Ange Nardi	TF1
employer	Carl Porter Duncan (December 27, 1921 -- August 9, 1999) was a professor of experimental psychology at Northwestern University.	Carl Porter Duncan	Northwestern University
employer	Ramon Torres Mendez (1969-1993) was a Mexican American who was a high-ranking member of the Logan Heights Gang, recruited by David ``D'' Barron in 1993.	Ramon Torres Mendez	Logan Heights Gang
employer	Kalevi Kull (born on August 12, 1952, Tartu) is a biosemiotics professor at the University of Tartu, Estonia.	Kalevi Kull	University of Tartu
employer	Françoise Tisseur is a numerical analyst and Professor of Numerical Analysis at the School of Mathematics, University of Manchester, UK.	Françoise Tisseur	University of Manchester
employer	Igor Stagljar is Professor of Molecular Genetics and Biochemistry at Donnelly Centre (CCBR) at the Medical School of the University of Toronto.	Igor Stagljar	University of Toronto
employer	Gita Gopinath is a professor at the economics department of Harvard University.	Gita Gopinath	Harvard University
employer	Alejandro Corichi is a theoretical physicist working at the Quantum Gravity group of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM).	Alejandro Corichi	National Autonomous University of Mexico
employer	Franco Modigliani (Italian: (ˈfraŋko modiʎˈʎani); June 18, 1918 -- September 25, 2003) was an Italian economist naturalized American, a professor at the MIT Sloan School of Management and MIT Department of Economics who won the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics in 1985.	Franco Modigliani	MIT Sloan School of Management
employer	Sir John Thynne (c. 1515 -- 21 May 1580) was the steward to Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset (c. 1506 -- 1552) and a member of parliament.	John Thynne	Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset
employer	Poul S. Jessen holds the position of Professor of Optical Sciences with a joint appointment in Physics at the University of Arizona.	Poul S. Jessen	University of Arizona
employer	Ahmed Djoghlaf (born 25 November 1953 in Algiers), was the Executive Secretary of the Convention on Biological Diversity under the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) until 2012.	Ahmed Djoghlaf	United Nations
employer	Vijay P. Singh (born July 15, 1946) is a Distinguished Professor and holds the Caroline and William N. Lehrer Distinguished Chair in Water Engineering at Texas A&M University.	Vijay P. Singh	Texas A&M University
employer	Farhan Nizami CBE, is the Prince of Wales Fellow in the study of the Islamic World, Magdalen College, Oxford, and the Founder Director of the Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies.	Farhan Nizami	Magdalen College
father	Iago ap Beli (English: Santiago, Saint James son of Beli) was the son and successor of King Beli ap Rhun, and is listed in the royal genealogies of the Harleian genealogies and in Jesus College MS. 20.	Iago ap Beli	Beli ap Rhun
founder	Paperless Post was founded by sibling entrepreneurs James and Alexa Hirschfeld in 2008 when they were 23 and 25 years old.	Paperless Post	Alexa Hirschfeld
founder	In the 1960s Anton LaVey formed a group called the Order of the Trapezoid, which later became the governing body of the Church of Satan.	Church of Satan	Anton LaVey
founder	The airline was established in 1967 by Herb Kelleher and adopted its current name (Southwest Airlines) in 1971.	Southwest Airlines	Herb Kelleher
founder	The Curiosity Company is Matt Groening's production company behind his series The Simpsons, Futurama and the 1999 television film Olive, the Other Reindeer.	The Curiosity Company	Matt Groening
founder	The Nassau Club is a historic Gentlemen's Club in Princeton, New Jersey founded in 1889 by, among others, Woodrow Wilson.	Nassau Club	Woodrow Wilson
founder	Two days later, Time featured a cover with the headline, ``Who Speaks for Kids?,'' and an interview with long-time children's activist Marian Wright Edelman, the mother of Stand for Children's CEO and co-founder, Jonah Edelman.	Stand for Children	Jonah Edelman
founder	The Revolutionary Bolivarian Movement-200 (Movimiento Bolivariano Revolucionario 200 or MBR-200) was the political and social movement that former Venezuelan president Hugo Chávez founded in 1982.	Revolutionary Bolivarian Movement-200	Hugo Chávez
founder	A Band Apart Films was a production company created by Quentin Tarantino and Lawrence Bender, which was active from 1991 to 2006.	A Band Apart	Quentin Tarantino
founder	Senomyx was founded by prominent biochemist Lubert Stryer in 1999.	Senomyx	Lubert Stryer
founder	Humongous Entertainment was formed in 1992 by Shelley Day and Ron Gilbert.	Humongous Entertainment	Shelley Day	Ron Gilbert
founder	The Asylum was founded by director David Michael Latt and former Village Roadshow executives David Rimawi and Sherri Strain in 1997.	The Asylum	David Michael Latt
founder	The Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau, SA (Chinese: 澳門旅遊娛樂股份有限公司; abbreviated as STDM, English: The Society of Traveling and Entertainment of Macau Limited) is a company in Macau owned by Stanley Ho and his family.	Sociedade de Turismo e Diversões de Macau	Stanley Ho
founder	The End Is Nigh was an annual British fanzine edited by Michael Molcher.	The End Is Nigh	Michael Molcher
founder	On December 14, 1990 the United Nations General Assembly voted to establish October 1 as the International Day of Older Persons as recorded in Resolution 45/106.	International Day of Older Persons	United Nations
founder	Hand Picked Hotels, set up by financier Guy Hands and his wife Julia, owns and operates a collection of individual and historic country house hotels in Great Britain.	Hand Picked Hotels	Guy Hands
founder	Carrozzeria Ghia SpA (established 1916 in Turin) is one of the most famous Italian automobile design and coachbuilding firms, established by Giacinto Ghia and Gariglio as Carrozzeria Ghia & Gariglio, located at 4 Corso Valentino in Turin.	Carrozzeria Ghia	Giacinto Ghia
founder	Taco Cabana was founded by Felix Stehling in September 1978 with its first restaurant at the corner of San Pedro and Hildebrand Avenue in Midtown San Antonio.	Taco Cabana	Felix Stehling
founder	Hussain Ali Yousafi who was elected as a Chairman of the Hazara Democratic Party on 26 September 2008 was shot dead by the banned Lashkar-e-Jhangvi Deobandi extremist group in the Pakistani city of Quetta on 26 January 2009.	Hazara Democratic Party	Hussain Ali Yousafi
founder	School Boy Records is an American record label established in 2007 by Scooter Braun through his School Boy Entertainment, part of SB Projects, a full-service entertainment and marketing company encompassing a wide range of ventures including Raymond Braun Media Group, SB Consulting, SB Management, and Sheba Publishing.	School Boy Records	Scooter Braun
founder	The Weston A. Price Foundation (WAPF), co-founded in 1999 by Sally Fallon (Morell) and nutritionist Mary G. Enig (PhD), is a U.S. 501(c)(3) non-profit organization dedicated to ``restoring nutrient-dense foods to the American diet through education, research and activism.''	Weston A. Price Foundation	Sally Fallon (Morell	Mary G. Enig
founder	MacAndrews & Forbes Incorporated is an American diversified holding company wholly owned by billionaire investor Ronald Perelman.	MacAndrews & Forbes	Ronald Perelman
founder	Advanced Micro Devices was formally incorporated on May 1, 1969, by Jerry Sanders, along with seven of his colleagues from Fairchild Semiconductor.	Advanced Micro Devices	Jerry Sanders
founder	The Griffith R. Harsh IV and Margaret C Whitman Charitable Foundation is a Saratoga Springs, New York private foundation managed by Griffith R. Harsh and Meg Whitman.	Griffith R. Harsh IV and Margaret C Whitman Charitable Foundation	Meg Whitman
founder	The firm is named after Lewis Davis, Samuel Brody and J. Max Bond, Jr. Davis Brody Bond is led by five partners:	Davis Brody Bond	J. Max Bond, Jr.
founder	Nation-E was founded in 2010 and is currently being directed from Israel, where owner and founder Daniel Jammer, a German-Israeli business man, resides, in addition to branches in Germany, USA and Poland.	Nation-E	Daniel Jammer
founder	The Olayan Group (Arabic: مجموعة العليان‎), is a Saudi conglomerate established in 1947 by Sulaiman S. Olayan (5 November 1918 - 4 July 2002).	Olayan Group	Sulaiman S. Olayan
founder	The Don Cossack Choir of Serge Jaroff (Хор донских казаков Сергея Жарова) was a men's chorus of exiled Cossacks founded in 1921 by Serge Jaroff and conducted for almost sixty years by him.	Don Cossack Choir	Serge Jaroff
founder	Eddy François is a Haitian musician, François was a founding member of Boukman Eksperyans.	Eddy François	Boukman Eksperyans
founder	Bayamo was the second of the seven cities founded by Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar, and was established on November 5, 1513.	Bayamo	Diego Velázquez de Cuéllar
founder	The Tour de Cure is a series of fund-raising cycling events held in forty states nationwide to benefit the American Diabetes Association.	Tour de Cure	American Diabetes Association
founder	In March 1953, Enrico Mattei was nominated Eni's Chairman.	Eni	Enrico Mattei
founder	Cypress Semiconductor Corporation is an American semiconductor design and manufacturing company founded by T. J. Rodgers and others from Advanced Micro Devices.	Cypress Semiconductor	T. J. Rodgers
founder	The Spamhaus Project is an international organisation, based in both London and Geneva, founded in 1998 by Steve Linford to track email spammers and spam-related activity.	The Spamhaus Project	Steve Linford
founder	The Buell Motorcycle Company was an American motorcycle manufacturer based in East Troy, Wisconsin, and was founded in 1983 by ex-Harley-Davidson engineer Erik Buell.	Buell Motorcycle Company	Erik Buell
founder	Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films/ EFO Films, previously known as Emmett/Furla Films and Oasis Ventures Entertainment separately, is an American film and television production and financing company founded by Randall Emmett and George Furla in 1998.	Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films	Randall Emmett
founder	Mediobanca is an Italian investment bank founded in 1946 at the initiative of Raffaele Mattioli (at that time CEO of Banca Commerciale Italiana, the largest commercial bank in Italy which promoted its incorporation together with Credito Italiano) and Enrico Cuccia to facilitate the post-World War II reconstruction of Italian industry.	Mediobanca	Enrico Cuccia
headquarters location	Flying Wedge Pizza Company is a Canadian franchised pizza chain consisting of 20 stores--19 in Metro Vancouver, and 1 in Calgary.	Flying Wedge Pizza	Vancouver
headquarters location	Foundation Medicine, Inc. is a public American company based in Cambridge, Massachusetts which develops, manufactures and sells genomic analysis diagnostics for solid and circulating cancers.	Foundation Medicine	Cambridge
headquarters location	Federal Corporation (Chinese: 泰豐集團; pinyin: Tàifēng Jítuán) is a Taiwan based tire manufacturer, headquartered in Zhongli District, Taoyuan City Taiwan.	Federal Corporation	Zhongli
headquarters location	The Lakson Group is a business group ,headquartered in Karachi, Pakistan that was founded in 1954.	Lakson Group	Karachi
headquarters location	Quality Food Centers (QFC) is a supermarket chain based in Bellevue, Washington, with 64 stores in the Puget Sound region of Washington state and in the Portland, Oregon, metropolitan area.	QFC	Bellevue
headquarters location	Areia Creations Global Entertainment (ACGE) is a record label and talent agency specializing in Korean pop (K-pop) based in Seoul, South Korea.	Areia Creations Global Entertainment	Seoul
headquarters location	Sahelis Productions is a film and television video production and post-production company based in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso.	Sahelis Productions	Ouagadougou
headquarters location	The TJX Companies, Inc. (NYSE: TJX), is an American apparel and home goods company based in Framingham, Massachusetts.	TJX Companies	Framingham
headquarters location	The headquarters of TransferGo are located in Canary Wharf in London, Great Britain.	TransferGo	Canary Wharf
headquarters location	The remaining 47 stores are run by franchisees outside of the INGKA Holding, with the exception of IKEA Delft which is not franchised.	IKEA	Delft
headquarters location	Indie Built, Inc. was a Salt Lake City, Utah based video game developer founded in 1982 by Bruce Carver as Access Software.	Indie Built	Salt Lake City
headquarters location	Dastum is a Breton cultural organization based in Rennes, the capital of the Ille-et-Vilaine department of France, in the region of Brittany.	Dastum	Rennes
headquarters location	Manga Entertainment expanded into Australia in late 1993 when Manga's main headquarters were still based in London.	Manga Entertainment	London
headquarters location	Black Hills Ammunition is an American ammunition and reloading supplies manufacturing company based in Rapid City, South Dakota.	Black Hills Ammunition	Rapid City
headquarters location	Gate Gourmet is an airline catering firm with headquarters on the grounds of Zürich Airport, Switzerland, near Zürich.	Gate Gourmet	Zürich
headquarters location	Northwestern Shiprepairers & Shipbuilders was a British shiprepair company based in Birkenhead on the River Mersey.	Northwestern Shiprepairers & Shipbuilders	Birkenhead
headquarters location	Hispakart was a Spanish kart and racing car constructor based in Madrid, Spain.	Hispakart	Madrid
headquarters location	It is run by a corporation, Bright Hub Inc., based in Troy, New York.	Bright Hub	Troy
headquarters location	ESPN broadcasts primarily from studio facilities located in Bristol, Connecticut.	ESPN	Bristol
headquarters location	China Merchants Property Development Company Limited (A shares: SZSE: 000024, B shares: SZSE: 200024, S shares:SGX: C03) was established in Shenzhen, China in 1984 and it is the real estate flagship of China Merchants.	China Merchants Property	Shenzhen
headquarters location	The Wild Rugby Academy is a German rugby union institution in Heidelberg, focused on the development of the sport in the region and Germany.	Wild Rugby Academy	Heidelberg
headquarters location	Federated Insurance Company of Canada (``Federated Insurance'') is a direct writer of property and casualty insurance products headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.	Federated Insurance Company of Canada	Winnipeg
headquarters location	The Arta Industrial Group is a multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Tehran, Iran.	Arta Industrial Group	Tehran
headquarters location	Home Reserve, LLC, is a furniture manufacturing company headquartered in Fort Wayne, Indiana, USA.	Home Reserve	Fort Wayne
headquarters location	Officine Ferroviarie Meridionali or OFM was an Italian railway and rolling stock manufacturing company based at Naples.	Officine Ferroviarie Meridionali	Naples
headquarters location	The Nordic Council and the Council of Ministers have their headquarters in Copenhagen and various installations in each separate country, as well as many offices in neighbouring countries.	Nordic Council	Copenhagen
headquarters location	First Act Guitar Studio is a guitar store located in Boston, Massachusetts.	First Act Guitar Studio	Boston
headquarters location	Energy Future Holdings Corporation is an electric utility company headquartered in Energy Plaza in Downtown Dallas, Texas, United States.	Energy Future Holdings	Dallas
headquarters location	ABC Consultants Private Limited is a premier Indian recruitment firm based in New Delhi, India.	ABC Consultants	New Delhi
headquarters location	The Canadian Council on Africa (CCAfrica) was created on May 27, 2002 and is currently located in Ottawa, Ontario, with the goal of becoming Canada's leading organization committed to the economic development of a modern competitive Africa.	Canadian Council on Africa	Ottawa
headquarters location	The Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (English: Bank of Sardinia) is a bank headquartered in Sassari, Italy and operating primarily on the island of Sardinia, with offices also in Lombardy, Tuscany, Emilia Romagna, Liguria and Latium.	Banco di Sardegna	Sassari
headquarters location	Johann Maria Farina gegenüber dem Jülichs-Platz (English: John Maria Farina opposite Jülich's Square) is the world's oldest eau de Cologne and perfume factory.	Johann Maria Farina gegenüber dem Jülichs-Platz	Cologne
headquarters location	Zeneca (officially Zeneca Group PLC) was a British multinational pharmaceutical company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Zeneca	London
headquarters location	Almanac Beer Company is a San Francisco, California contract brewery that makes farm-to-table beers in small batches using fruit, grains and herbs purchased from local family farms.	Almanac Beer Company	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Meiklejohn Civil Liberties Institute (MCLI) is a Berkeley, California-based non-profit corporation.	Meiklejohn Civil Liberties Institute	Berkeley, California
headquarters location	Verseghy Ferenc Grammar School (Verseghy Ferenc Gimnázium in Hungarian) is a co-educational secondary state school in Szolnok, Northern Great Plain, Hungary.	Verseghy Ferenc Grammar School	Szolnok
headquarters location	GSS Infotech (formerly ``GSS America''), established in 1999, is a Information technology company headquartered in Hyderabad, India.	GSS Infotech	Hyderabad
headquarters location	Campari America, is an American spirits maker, it was launched in 1992 and founded by Maurice Kanbar in San Francisco which is also the headquarters for the company.	Campari America	San Francisco
headquarters location	UIQ Technology was based in Ronneby, Sweden and situated in the Soft Center Science & Research Park.	UIQ	Ronneby
headquarters location	The Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District is a special-purpose district that owns and operates three regional transportation assets in the San Francisco Bay Area:	Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District	San Francisco
headquarters location	Cotton Incorporated's world headquarters are located in Cary, North Carolina, and offices are located in New York, Mexico City, Hong Kong, Shanghai, and Osaka.	Cotton Incorporated	Cary, North Carolina
headquarters location	The Texas Ranger Division, commonly called the Texas Rangers, is a law enforcement agency with statewide jurisdiction in Texas, based in the capital city of Austin.	Texas Ranger Division	Austin
headquarters location	Launched in Geneva in 1986, Naxoo offers a mixture of Swiss and foreign TV channels, both analog and digital, as well as radio channels (arte, 3sat, Euronews, TV5MONDE, ARD, ORF eins, France 2, Rai 1 as required by law).	Naxoo	Geneva
headquarters location	Hanesbrands Inc. is an American clothing company based in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.	Hanesbrands	Winston-Salem
headquarters location	Mutual Film Company is an American film production company based in Hollywood, California.	Mutual Film Company	Hollywood
headquarters location	Red or Dead is a fashion designer and manufacturer, started in London in 1982 by Wayne Hemingway and his wife Gerardine Hemingway.	Red or Dead	London
headquarters location	Univar is a chemical distribution company based in Downers Grove, Illinois.	Univar	Downers Grove
headquarters location	SELEX Sistemi Integrati S.p.A. was an aerospace, defence and security-related electronics manufacturing company headquartered in Rome, Italy and a wholly owned subsidiary of Finmeccanica.	SELEX Sistemi Integrati	Rome
headquarters location	WIGE Media is a German TV production company in Cologne, Germany.	WIGE	Cologne
headquarters location	Copaken Brooks, formerly Copaken, White & Blitt is a family-owned commercial real estate developer headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri that owns and developed some of the city's and Missouri's largest buildings.	Copaken Brooks	Kansas City
headquarters location	Tietomaa is a science center in Oulu, Finland.	Tietomaa	Oulu
headquarters location	Biomet, Inc. was a medical device manufacturer located in the Warsaw, Indiana business cluster.	Biomet	Warsaw
headquarters location	Sipani Automobiles Ltd was an Indian car manufacturer established in 1973, located in Bangalore.	Sipani	Bangalore
headquarters location	Incat is a manufacturer of large high-speed craft (HSC) catamarans, based in the Derwent Park suburb of Hobart, Tasmania, Australia founded by Robert Clifford.	Incat	Hobart
headquarters location	WeoGeo is located in Portland, OR at the Portland State Business Accelerator	WeoGeo	Portland
headquarters location	Empire Brewing Company is a Syracuse, New York-based microbrewery and restaurant with contract brewing operations at Greenpoint Beer Works in Brooklyn, New York, which manufactures four of Empire's brands for regional distribution.	Empire Brewing Company	Syracuse
headquarters location	Kayser-Threde GmbH based in Munich, Germany is a systems house specializing in the design and development of high-technology solutions for astronautics, science and the industry.	Kayser-Threde	Munich
headquarters location	Siderar was established by Argentine-based industrial conglomerate Techint in 1992 following the privatization of Somisa, and Ternium still trades on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange by the Siderar name.	Ternium	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Clinical Device Group Inc (abbr. ``CDG'') is a medical device consultancy based in Chicago, Illinois.	Clinical Device Group	Chicago
headquarters location	The corporate group is headquartered in Augsburg and consists of the Kontron Europe GmbH (Augsburg, Deggendorf, and Saarbrücken).	Kontron	Augsburg
headquarters location	Basrah International Bank for Investment (Arabic: مصرف البصرة الدولي للاستثمار‎) is an Iraqi commercial bank, with headquarters in Baghdad.	Basrah International Bank for Investment	Baghdad
headquarters location	Crest Nicholson is a British housebuilding company based in Chertsey, Surrey.	Crest Nicholson	Chertsey
headquarters location	Public Service Enterprise Group (PSEG), founded as the Public Service Corporation of New Jersey and later renamed Public Service Electric and Gas Company (PSE&G), is a publicly traded diversified energy company headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.	Public Service Enterprise Group	Newark
headquarters location	As of 2012, Adese served more than 30,000,000 customers with its over 2,500 employees in 135 stores and 4 shopping centres located in central Turkey, mainly in Konya but also in Afyonkarahisar, Aksaray, Ankara, Karaman, and Mersin.	Adese	Konya
headquarters location	Founded in March 2002, Azul Systems is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in London, United Kingdom;	Azul Systems	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Ruralco is an Australian diversified agricultural company, headquarter in Hobart, Tasmania that provides real estate, insurance, auctioneer services, agricultural equipment and other services to the Australian rural community.	Ruralco	Hobart
headquarters location	Cockerill-Sambre was a group of Belgian steel manufacturers headquartered in Seraing (province of Liège), on the Meuse River, and in Charleroi, on the shore of the Sambre River.	Cockerill-Sambre	Liège
headquarters location	Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers Ltd. (RCF) is a Public Sector Undertaking (PSU) in India under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers of the Government of India, based in Mumbai.	Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers	Mumbai
headquarters location	Tidemark was known as Proferi when it was in stealth mode and is located in Redwood City, California.	Tidemark	Redwood City
headquarters location	Volcom is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California, United States (U.S.).	Volcom	Costa Mesa
headquarters location	Kold Sweat Records was a British independent record label specializing in hip hop music, based in Askew Road, London.	Kold Sweat Records	London
headquarters location	Serving clients from around the globe, CTLGroup maintains corporate offices and laboratories in Chicago (Skokie, Illinois) and Doha, State of Qatar and consulting offices in Austin, TX;	CTLGroup	Skokie
headquarters location	Goldfarb Seligman & Co. is the largest law firm in Israel, the product of the July 1, 2011, merger of Goldfarb, Levy, Eran, Meiri & Co. and M. Seligman & Co. Its offices are in Tel Aviv.	Goldfarb Seligman & Co.	Tel Aviv
headquarters location	Farmers and Merchants Bank of Western Pennsylvania (F&M Bank) was a local bank in Kittanning, Pennsylvania, United States.	Farmers and Merchants Bank of Western Pennsylvania	Kittanning
headquarters location	Dain Rauscher Wessels was a brokerage and investment banking firm based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.	Dain Rauscher Wessels	Minneapolis
headquarters location	NuFX was a video game developer, headquartered in Hoffman Estates, Illinois, United States.	NuFX	Hoffman Estates
headquarters location	UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. is an Italian financial services company of Unipol Gruppo Finanziario S.p.A. based in Bologna and founded in 2014.	UnipolSai	Bologna
headquarters location	The Kosciuszko Huts Association (KHA - previously spelt Kosciusko) was formed in Canberra, Australia in 1971 with the purpose of saving the mountain heritage huts in the Kosciuszko National Park.	Kosciuszko Huts Association	Canberra
headquarters location	JL Audio moves its headquarters to a 92,000 square-foot facility in Miramar, FL.	JL Audio	Miramar
headquarters location	The North British Distillery Company Ltd is a Scottish grain whisky distillery located in south western Gorgie district of Edinburgh.	North British Distillery	Gorgie
headquarters location	The Danish Bibliographic Centre (DBC A/S), based in Ballerup, Denmark, produces and supplies bibliographic data and information services -- for example, the Danish DK5 system (DK5 Decimalklassedeling) derived from the Dewey Decimal Classification -- to Danish libraries.	Danish Bibliographic Centre	Ballerup
headquarters location	Brighterion is a Delaware Corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California that offers software for realtime fraud prevention.	Brighterion	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Hewlett-Packard Company (commonly referred to as HP) was an American global information technology company headquartered in Palo Alto, California.	Hewlett-Packard	Palo Alto
headquarters location	The Rural Development Academy (RDA) is a specialized rural development institution in Sherpur Upazila of Bogra District, Bangladesh for training, research and action research.	Rural Development Academy	Bogra
headquarters location	Glass LPS is a manufacturer of crystal lightings and crystal pendants and one of the major companies in eastern Slovakia, which processes crystal is located in town Medzilaborce.	Glass LPS	Medzilaborce
headquarters location	Angus & Coote was founded in Sydney, Australia in 1895 and listed on the ASX in 1952.	Angus & Coote	Sydney
headquarters location	La Mouette (English: Seagull) is a French aircraft manufacturer headquartered in Fontaine-lès-Dijon.	La Mouette	Fontaine-lès-Dijon
headquarters location	Goodwin Heart Pine is a company located in Micanopy, Florida and specializes in reclaiming antique heart pine and heart cypress from rivers and old buildings to produce lumber for flooring, stair parts and millwork.	Goodwin Heart Pine	Micanopy
headquarters location	BelAZ (Belarusian: Беларускі аўтамабільны завод or БелАЗ, Romanized: Belaruski autamabilny zavod or BelAZ) is a Belarusian manufacturer of haulage and earthmoving equipment based in Zhodzina.	BelAZ	Zhodzina
headquarters location	Yodel Australia was located in Macquarie Park, NSW, and was a subsidiary of parent company fulfilNET Australia Pty.	Yodel Australia	Macquarie Park
headquarters location	Carl Heymanns Verlag GmbH is a legal, specialized publishing house with its seat in Cologne, Germany.	Carl Heymanns Verlag	Cologne
headquarters location	Petra Diamonds Ltd is a diamond mining group headquartered in Jersey.	Petra Diamonds	Jersey
headquarters location	Diskoton was a major record label in SFR Yugoslavia, based in Sarajevo, Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Diskoton	Sarajevo
headquarters location	Thwaites Brewery is a regional brewery founded in 1807 by Daniel Thwaites in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.	Thwaites Brewery	Blackburn
headquarters location	Marlin Firearms Co., formerly of North Haven, Connecticut, is a manufacturer of semi-automatic, lever-action, and bolt-action rifles.	Marlin Firearms	North Haven
headquarters location	Escada SE is a German luxury women's designer clothing company headquartered in Munich owned by Megha Mittal.	Escada	Munich
headquarters location	Graybar is an American employee-owned corporation, based in Clayton, Missouri.	Graybar	Clayton
headquarters location	Its headquarters are in the Freeport-McMoRan Center in downtown Phoenix, Arizona.	Freeport-McMoRan	Phoenix
headquarters location	Breathing Color Sales and marketing Headquarters is located out of Austin, Texas.	Breathing Color	Austin
headquarters location	MobileX Labs is a Chicago-based app development company.	MobileX Labs	Chicago
headquarters location	Metropolis Coffee Company is a coffee roasting company, wholesaler and retailer with locations at 1039 W. Granville Avenue and 3057 N. Rockwell Avenue in Chicago, Illinois.	Metropolis Coffee Company	Chicago
headquarters location	Löfbergs, named Löfbergs Lila between 1906--2012, is a coffee roastery in Karlstad, Sweden.	Löfbergs	Karlstad
headquarters location	The Abhi Kathachitra is a Bangladeshi motion pictures production and distribution company, based on Dhaka.	The Abhi Kathachitra	Dhaka
headquarters location	Northumberland Ferries Limited (NFL) is a ferry company operating in eastern Canada and headquartered in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.	Northumberland Ferries Limited	Charlottetown
headquarters location	Stallion Group is a conglomerate founded in 1969 with headquarters in Dubai.	Stallion Group	Dubai
headquarters location	Samsung (Hangul: 삼성; hanja: 三星; Korean pronunciation: (sʰamsʰʌŋ)) is a South Korean multinational conglomerate company headquartered in Samsung Town, Seoul.	Samsung	Seoul
headquarters location	Micro Forté now known as Micro Forté Studios, is an Australian electronic entertainment company with development studios in Canberra, Australia and Sydney, Australia.	Micro Forté	Canberra
headquarters location	Formerly Cressi-Sub, the Italian company was founded by two brothers, Egidio and Nanni Cressi in 1946 in Genoa, Italy.	Cressi-Sub	Genoa
headquarters location	ESL Federal Credit Union is a full-service financial institution with headquarters in Rochester, New York.	ESL Federal Credit Union	Rochester
headquarters location	CMD Distribution is a faith and family film distribution company, headquartered in Wake Forest, North Carolina.	CMD Distribution	Wake Forest
headquarters location	Business & Decision (frequently called B&D ) is an international consulting and systems integration company with its global headquarters in Paris, France.	Business & Decision	Paris
headquarters location	According to the World Bank, Armenian Railways was in dramatic need of major investment, including the replacement of rolling stock, rehabilitation of the main line between Yerevan and the Georgian border, renewal of electrification, and bridge reconstruction.	Armenian Railways	Yerevan
headquarters location	In 2006 Cdiscount opened a pilot physical store in Le Bouscat near Bordeaux (France) that utilises sales data from the websites to select only the best-selling products.	Cdiscount	Bordeaux
headquarters location	Croteam Ltd. is a Croatian independent video game developer based in Zagreb, Croatia.	Croteam	Zagreb
headquarters location	The Calcutta Tramways Company (1978) Limited (CTC) is a West Bengal, India, government-run company which runs trams in Kolkata (formerly known as Calcutta) and buses in and around Kolkata.	Calcutta Tramways Company	Kolkata
headquarters location	CRIST is a shipyard, located in the Port of Gdynia, Poland.	CRIST	Gdynia
headquarters location	Family Tree DNA is a division of Gene by Gene, a commercial genetic testing company based in Houston, Texas.	Family Tree DNA	Houston
headquarters location	BIP Investment Partners S.A. is an investment company based in Luxembourg City, in southern Luxembourg.	BIP Investment Partners	Luxembourg
headquarters location	In 2001, Houlihan Lokey launched its first non-U.S. office by expanding into London.	Houlihan Lokey	London
headquarters location	The Marzotto Group is an Italian textile manufacturer, based in Valdagno.	Marzotto	Valdagno
headquarters location	Stannah Lifts Holdings Ltd is a manufacturer of lifts based in Andover, Hampshire.	Stannah Lifts	Andover
headquarters location	American Sportscopter, Inc., also called American Sportscopter International, Inc., was an American aircraft manufacturer based in Newport News, Virginia.	American Sportscopter	Newport News
headquarters location	Claiborne Farm is a thoroughbred horse breeding operation near Paris, Kentucky.	Claiborne Farm	Paris
headquarters location	Société Dargaud, doing business as Les Éditions Dargaud, is a publisher of Franco-Belgian comics series, headquartered in the 18th arrondissement of Paris.	Dargaud	Paris
headquarters location	Marine Sciences Research Center is a research center at Stony Brook University.	Marine Sciences Research Center	Stony Brook
headquarters location	Navitas Land and Mineral Corporation is an oil and gas exploration, development and production firm headquartered in Madisonville, Kentucky.	Navitas Land and Mineral Corporation	Madisonville
headquarters location	G-Music Limited is a company built in 2002 by Rose Records and Tachung Records, both are the largest local music retails and wholesale chains in Taiwan.	G-Music	Taiwan
headquarters location	Public Communications Inc. (PCI) is a Chicago, Illinois-based integrated marketing communications agency specializing in health care, conservation/environment, education and culture/entertainment/sports marketing.	Public Communications Inc.	Chicago
headquarters location	Six Flags Great Escape Lodge & Indoor Waterpark is a Resort and Waterpark, located in Queensbury New York that first opened in 2006.	Six Flags Great Escape Lodge & Indoor Waterpark	Queensbury New York
headquarters location	Grand Hustle Records (formerly Grand Hustle Entertainment), also known as Hustle Gang Music, is an Atlanta, Georgia-based record label, founded in 2003, by American hip hop recording artist T.I. and his business partner Jason Geter.	Grand Hustle Records	Atlanta
headquarters location	TC Digital Games was an American San Diego, California based subsidiary of 4Kids Entertainment Inc. TC Digital Games, LLC has designed, distributed and marketed the Chaotic Trading Card Game.	TC Digital Games	San Diego
headquarters location	Animal Logic is an Australian animation and visual effects studio based at Fox Studios in Sydney, Australia and Warner Bros. Studios in Los Angeles, California, USA.	Animal Logic	Sydney
headquarters location	CHI Records Is a small record label that is situated in London, but has other studios around the United Kingdom.	CHI Records	London
headquarters location	TowerBrook Capital Partners L.P. is an American private equity firm based in the New York City, and have additional offices in London.	TowerBrook Capital Partners	London
headquarters location	The Kinzie Hotel (formerly the Amalfi Hotel Chicago) is a 215-room boutique-style hotel, located near the corner of State Street and Kinzie Street, in the River North District, in downtown Chicago, Illinois, USA, within walking distance of the Chicago Loop.	Kinzie Hotel	Chicago
headquarters location	Acadian Asset Management LLC is a Boston-headquartered investment management firm with wholly owned affiliates located in Singapore and London.	Acadian Asset Management	Boston
headquarters location	Gray Construction is an American construction contractor based in Lexington, Kentucky.	Gray Construction	Lexington
headquarters location	Blake's Lotaburger (often shortened to either Blake's or Lotaburger) is a fast food chain based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Blake's Lotaburger	Albuquerque
headquarters location	Herbal Magic is a Canadian weight loss and nutrition company based in Toronto, Ontario.	Herbal Magic	Toronto
headquarters location	Phoenix AG is an international company headquartered in Hamburg in Germany which specialises in products made of rubber, including sound and vibration insulation, conveyor-belt systems, and specialist industrial hose systems.	Phoenix AG	Hamburg
headquarters location	Flubit was founded in 2011 by Bertie Stephens, current chief executive, and Adel Louertatani, with offices in Wapping, London.	Flubit	London
headquarters location	Jonesky Limited (天下出版有限公司) is a Hong Kong publisher of domestic Chinese manhua and translated, imported comics from Japan.	Jonesky	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Techtronic Industries Company Limited (SEHK: 669, OTC Pink: TTNDY), Techtronic or TTI, is an investment holding company based in Hong Kong.	Techtronic Industries	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Resolution plc was a UK insurance company headquartered in the City of London.	Resolution plc	London
headquarters location	The Justicialist Party effectively broke apart in the 2005 legislative elections when two factions ran for a Senate seat in Buenos Aires Province:	Justicialist Party	Buenos Aires
headquarters location	Tindal Street Press is a Birmingham-based independent publisher of contemporary literary fiction, with a particular focus on writers born, or living, in Birmingham and the West Midlands.	Tindal Street Press	Birmingham
headquarters location	G. Fox & Co. was a large department store that originated in Hartford, Connecticut.	G. Fox & Co.	Hartford
headquarters location	The Darwen Group was a bus manufacturer located in Blackburn, Lancashire, England.	Darwen Group	Blackburn
headquarters location	Dynex Semiconductor based in Lincoln, England, United Kingdom is a global supplier of products and services specialising in the field of power semiconductor devices and silicon on sapphire integrated circuit products.	Dynex Semiconductor	Lincoln
headquarters location	In 2011, co-founders Tamara and Michael Cartwright relocated to the south island of New Zealand establishing a base of operations as Solid Documents Limited from management offices in Nelson, New Zealand.	Solid Documents	Nelson
headquarters location	VIP's, alternatively written Vip's, is a defunct restaurant chain in the Western United States that operated from 1968 until the late 1980s, based in Salem, Oregon.	VIP's	Salem
headquarters location	Baltic State Technical University ``Voenmeh'' D.F.Ustinov (Russian: Балтийский государственный технический университет ``Военмех'' им. Д.Ф.Устинова; abbreviated BGTU) is a major Russian military technical university situated in Saint Petersburg.	Baltic State Technical University	Saint Petersburg
headquarters location	TEL Solar, formerly Oerlikon Solar, is a manufacturer of production equipment for the manufacturing of thin-film silicon cells, headquartered in Trübbach, Switzerland, near the border to Liechtenstein.	TEL Solar	Trübbach
headquarters location	The Phonoharp Company (1892--1928) was an American manufacturer of musical instruments based in Boston, Massachusetts.	Phonoharp Company	Boston
headquarters location	Discovery Channel's 2008 lineup included Fight Quest and Smash Lab. On September 1, 2010, 43-year-old James Jay Lee entered the Discovery Communications headquarters in Silver Spring, Maryland, armed with a handgun.	Discovery Channel	Silver Spring
headquarters location	Compsoft plc is a software development house located in the market town of Alton, Hampshire.	Compsoft	Alton
headquarters location	Headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, NatureWorks is jointly owned by Cargill and PTT Global Chemical, a Thai state-owned company.	NatureWorks	Minnetonka
headquarters location	MacMall.com is headed by its President, Daniel J. DeVries is based in El Segundo, CA.	MacMall	El Segundo
headquarters location	O Boticário's industrial and administrative complex has 34.4 thousand square meters of floor space in the city of São José dos Pinhais in the Curitiba Metropolitan Area.	O Boticário	São José dos Pinhais
headquarters location	LifeLock Inc. (NYSE:LOCK) is an American identity theft protection company based in Tempe, Arizona.	LifeLock	Tempe
headquarters location	Green Shipbuilders were based in Bristol, England, during the 19th century, constructing wooden sailing ships at Wapping on the River Avon from 1814, and later at Tombs' Dock in Dean's Marsh and the Butts on the Frome.	Green Shipbuilders	River Avon
headquarters location	The Fotron was a camera manufactured in Glendale, California by the Traid Corporation and sold door-to-door during the 1960s.	Fotron	Glendale
headquarters location	In October 2011 a cooperation agreement was signed in Astana between Nur Otan and the Ukrainian Party of Regions., and in 2015 with United Russia	Nur Otan	Astana
headquarters location	The Northumberland Shipbuilding Company was a shipbuilding business based at Howdon in Tyne and Wear.	Northumberland Shipbuilding Company	Howdon
headquarters location	The Brazilian company Indústrias Reunidas Frateschi (known as Frateschi) is a model railroad manufacturer based in Ribeirão Preto, near São Paulo, Brazil.	Frateschi	Ribeirão Preto
headquarters location	E.U. Wurlitzer Music and Sound was a musical instrument retailer and part of the greater Boston music scene from 1890 through 1999.	E.U. Wurlitzer Music and Sound	Boston
headquarters location	All except Nepal Television, Kantipur Television, Image Channel and NTV PLUS are satellite channels in Kathmandu valley.	Nepal Television	Kathmandu
headquarters location	Cogniance is a global strategy and technology company, headquartered in Menlo Park, CA, working with venture-backed startups, corporate innovation labs and venture capital firms in the world's technology hubs.	Cogniance	Menlo Park
headquarters location	Oleksandr Omelchenko Bloc (Ukrainian: Блок Олександра Омельченка) is a local political party in the capital of Ukraine, Kiev led by former mayor of Kiev Oleksandr Omelchenko.	Oleksandr Omelchenko Bloc	Kiev
headquarters location	Frankel & Curtis was an architectural firm of Lexington, Kentucky.	Frankel & Curtis	Lexington
headquarters location	Jack Wills is a British clothing brand headquartered in London after establishing itself in Salcombe, Devon.	Jack Wills	London
headquarters location	Visual Entertainment Inc. (VEI) is a home video/television distribution company that is based in Toronto, Ontario Canada.	Visual Entertainment	Toronto
headquarters location	Customer Magnetism is a digital marketing agency based in Virginia Beach, Virginia.	Customer Magnetism	Virginia Beach
headquarters location	WM-data was a Swedish IT consultancy company based in Stockholm, and was completely incorporated by Logica on February 27, 2008.	WM-data	Stockholm
headquarters location	AntiGravity Fitness is a fitness company founded by Christopher Harrison in 2007 and based in New York City, specializing in hybrid aerial fitness techniques that combine silk hammocks with yoga practices, Pilates, ballet barre exercises, and traditional strength training techniques into different exercise curriculums.	AntiGravity Fitness	New York City
headquarters location	Winbond Electronics Corporation (Chinese: 華邦電子公司; pinyin: Huábāng Diànzǐ Gōngsī) is a Taiwan-based corporation founded in 1987 that produces semiconductors and several types of integrated circuits, most notably Dynamic RAM, Static RAM, microcontrollers, and personal computer ICs.	Winbond	Taiwan
headquarters location	XCMG Group (Chinese: 徐工集团; pinyin: Xúgōng Jítuán) is a Chinese multinational heavy machinery manufacturing company headquartered in Xuzhou, Jiangsu.	XCMG	Xuzhou
headquarters location	Holland & Holland is a British gun-maker based in London, England which offers handmade sporting rifles and shotguns.	Holland & Holland	London
headquarters location	RG Line Oy Ab is a Finnish shipping company founded in 2001 that operates a ferry line between Vaasa, Finland and Umeå, Sweden.	RG Line	Vaasa
headquarters location	Rediffusion Television (RTV; traditional Chinese: 麗的電視有限公司; simplified Chinese: 丽的电视有限公司; Jyutping: Lai6dik1 Din6si6 Jau5haan6gung1si1) was the first television station in Hong Kong, making it both the first British colony and the first predominantly Chinese city to have television.	Rediffusion Television	Hong Kong
headquarters location	Maudslay, Sons and Field was an engineering company based in Lambeth, London.	Maudslay, Sons and Field	Lambeth
headquarters location	Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams is an artisan ice-cream company centered in Columbus, Ohio, with national distribution.	Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams	Columbus
headquarters location	Greatview Aseptic Packaging Company is a multinational aseptic processing company with its head office based in Beijing, China.	Greatview	Beijing
headquarters location	Dasient was an internet security company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.	Dasient	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Borqs Beijing Ltd.(Chinese: 播思; pinyin: Bōsī), is an Android software firm headquartered in Beijing.	Borqs	Beijing
headquarters location	Stadtwerke Köln GmbH is the infrastructure and services company of the City of Cologne.	Stadtwerke Köln	Cologne
headquarters location	Fasthosts Internet Ltd is a provider of Internet access and hosting services based in Gloucester, England.	Fasthosts	Gloucester
headquarters location	E.A. Pierce & Co. was a securities brokerage firm based in New York City.	E.A. Pierce & Co.	New York City
headquarters location	Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) is a public-private company headquartered in Mumbai, India whose businesses span the sectors of Engineering & Construction, Real Estate, Infrastructure, Urban development & Management.	Hindustan Construction Company	Mumbai
headquarters location	Bauer Media Group is a European-based media company, headquartered in Hamburg, Germany that manages a portfolio of more than 600 magazines, over 400 digital products and 50 radio and TV stations around the world.	Bauer Media Group	Hamburg
headquarters location	Left/Right Productions is a New York-based television production company.	Left/Right Productions	New York
headquarters location	The United Steel Companies were a steelmaking, engineering, coal mining and coal by-product group based in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.	United Steel Companies	South Yorkshire
headquarters location	Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (abbreviated BSNL) is an Indian state-owned telecommunications company headquartered in New Delhi, India.	Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited	New Delhi
headquarters location	Seahaven Academy (formerly Tideway Comprehensive School) is a secondary school for children aged 11--16, located in Southdown Road, Newhaven, East Sussex.	Seahaven Academy	Newhaven
headquarters location	Swan Electronics was a manufacturer of amateur radio gear located in Oceanside, California, USA.	Swan Electronics	Oceanside
headquarters location	In August 2008 WolfVision relocated to a new company headquarters building in Klaus, Vorarlberg, Austria.	WolfVision	Klaus
headquarters location	Bernard Matthews Holdings Ltd., trading as Bernard Matthews Ltd, is a British farming and food products business headquartered in Great Witchingham, Norfolk, England, which specialises in turkey products.	Bernard Matthews Ltd	Great Witchingham
headquarters location	Established in 1990, operational since 1994, the European Training Foundation is located in Turin, Italy.	European Training Foundation	Turin
headquarters location	Capita plc (LSE: CPI), commonly known as Capita, is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in London, United Kingdom.	Capita	London
headquarters location	Founded in 2006, 3G Studios is based out of Reno, Nevada and has been known to collaborate with other companies in the game development industry.	3G Studios	Reno
headquarters location	Orange Krush is a branch of the registered student organization (RSO), Illini Pride, at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Orange Krush	Champaign
headquarters location	A&E Design is a Swedish design company, founded in 1968 by the duo Tom Ahlström (born 1943) and Hans Ehrich (born 1942), after graduating from Konstfack, the University College of Arts, Crafts and Design in Stockholm.	A&E Design	Stockholm
headquarters location	Something Weird Video is an American film distributor company based in Seattle, Washington.	Something Weird Video	Seattle
headquarters location	Baltic Workboats AS is an Estonian shipbuilding company with a shipyard in Nasva.	Baltic Workboats	Nasva
headquarters location	The Gerrit Rietveld Academie (Rietveld School of Art & Design) is a Dutch academy for fine arts and design in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	Gerrit Rietveld Academie	Amsterdam
headquarters location	Natterbox is a UK (Croydon, London) based provider of VoIP Internet telephone service for businesses.	Natterbox	London
headquarters location	Comme des Garçons is based in Tokyo and also in the prestigious Place Vendôme in Paris, the city in which they show their main collections during Paris Fashion Week and Paris Men's Fashion Week.	Comme des Garçons	Tokyo
headquarters location	Cliché Skateboards is a skateboard company based in Lyon, France and distributed by the American company Dwindle Distribution.	Cliché Skateboards	Lyon
headquarters location	Admerasia is an American advertising company based in New York City.	Admerasia	New York City
headquarters location	Bank of Antigua was formed on the 10 February 1981 in St. John's, Antigua.	Bank of Antigua	St. John
headquarters location	Altegrity Risk International (ARI) is a New York City based global risk consulting and information services company.	Altegrity Risk International	New York
headquarters location	HBG Holdings is a Dubai-based private equity investment management company serving high-net worth private and institutional clients from across the Gulf Cooperation Council countries.	HBG Holdings	Dubai
headquarters location	Real Matters' global head office is located in the Toronto, Ontario, Canada suburb of Markham a known technology hub and its US head office is in Buffalo, NY.	Real Matters	Markham
headquarters location	The Demand Institute was founded in 2012 and is jointly operated by The Conference Board and Nielsen and is headquartered in New York City.	The Demand Institute	New York
headquarters location	57th & Irving Productions is a New York City-based production company specializing in independent motion pictures.	57th & Irving	New York City
headquarters location	Cadila Healthcare (BSE: 532321) is an Indian pharmaceutical company headquartered at Ahmedabad in Gujarat state of western India.	Cadila Healthcare	Ahmedabad
headquarters location	The Bitmap Brothers were based in Wapping, East London and were privately owned.	The Bitmap Brothers	Wapping
headquarters location	Kone- ja Siltarakennus Oy (``Kone ja Silta''; Swedish: Maskin- och Brobyggnads Ab; ``Maskin o. Bro'') is a Finnish former engineering company based in Sörnäinen, Helsinki.	Kone- ja Siltarakennus	Helsinki
headquarters location	SST Records is an American independent record label formed in 1978 in Long Beach, California by musician Greg Ginn.	SST Records	Long Beach
headquarters location	Chery Jaguar Land Rover (officially Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Company Ltd.) is an automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Changshu, China.	Chery Jaguar Land Rover	Changshu
headquarters location	Gray's Pottery, also spelled as Grays Pottery and formally known as A.E. Gray Ltd. was a British pottery company based in Hanley, Staffordshire, later Stoke-upon-Trent, which existed until it was taken over by Portmeirion Pottery in 1960.	Gray's Pottery	Stoke-upon-Trent
headquarters location	The Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company, Limited was a major Scottish shipbuilding company based in Dundee, Scotland that traded for more than a century and built more than 500 ships.	Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company	Dundee
headquarters location	MOBRO Marine, Inc. is an American marine and construction equipment business headquartered in Green Cove Springs, Florida.	MOBRO Marine, Inc.	Green Cove Springs
headquarters location	Hamady Brothers was an American supermarket chain based in Flint, Michigan.	Hamady Brothers	Flint
headquarters location	The Fabbri Group (AKA Fabbri) is an Italian amusement rides manufacturer, based in Bergantino, a northern village of Italy.	Fabbri Group	Bergantino
headquarters location	North American Van Lines, or NAVL, is a large, United States based trucking company originally formed in Cleveland, Ohio and later based in Fort Wayne, Indiana, which specializes in home and office relocations.	North American Van Lines	Fort Wayne
headquarters location	Dominion Car and Foundry was a railcar maker based in Montreal and later merged to form Canadian Car and Foundry in 1909.	Dominion Car and Foundry	Montreal
headquarters location	Altri SGPS SA is a Portuguese industrial conglomerate headquartered in Porto.	Altri	Porto
headquarters location	Based in Paris, France and Los Angeles, California, BUF Compagnie (BUF) was founded by Pierre Buffin in 1984.	BUF Compagnie	Paris
headquarters location	NICI or NICI AG is the name of a German toy factory based in Altenkunstadt in the north Bavarian region of Upper Franconia.	NICI AG	Altenkunstadt
headquarters location	Originally located in Helsinki, the Sinebrychoff brewery is now in Kerava.	Sinebrychoff	Kerava
headquarters location	In 2012, The Dallas Morning News reported that the Plano, Texas-based Crossmark had 34,000 employees and has an estimated annual revenue of $1 billion.	Crossmark	Plano
headquarters location	Educaedu has offices in Buenos Aires (Argentina), Bilbao (Spain), São Paulo (Brazil), Bogotá (Colombia), Madrid (Spain) and Mexico City (Mexico), and has a representative in Santiago (Chile).	Educaedu	Bilbao
headquarters location	Sealevel Systems, Inc. is a privately held manufacturer headquartered in Liberty, South Carolina, which develops computer circuit I/O boards.	Sealevel Systems	Liberty, South Carolina
headquarters location	FKP Architects is a large American architecture firm based in Houston, Texas.	FKP Architects	Houston
headquarters location	The National Women's Law Center (NWLC) is a United States non-profit organization founded by Marcia Greenberger in 1972 and based in Washington, D.C. The Center advocates for women's rights through litigation and policy initiatives.	National Women's Law Center	Washington, D.C.
headquarters location	UKRD Group's head office is within the Carn Brea Studios of Pirate FM 102 in Redruth, Cornwall.	UKRD Group	Redruth
headquarters location	H. Leh & Co. (or simply Leh's) was a department store located at 626 W. Hamilton St. It was located along the Hamilton Mall in Allentown, Pennsylvania.	Leh's	Allentown
headquarters location	Today, Kitco occupies more than two floors of a Montreal office building and two other offices in New York and Hong Kong.	Kitco	Montreal
headquarters location	FerriMaroc was a Moroccan ferry company which started services between Nador Port in Morocco and the Port of Almeria in Spain.	FerriMaroc	Nador
headquarters location	Boss Hoss Cycles is an American motorcycle manufacturer, founded by Monte Warne in 1990 and based in Dyersburg, Tennessee.	Boss Hoss Cycles	Dyersburg
headquarters location	Capstone Infrastructure Corporation is a Toronto, Ontario-based open-ended trust that invests in the following types of power generation assets:	Capstone Infrastructure	Toronto
headquarters location	Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP is a Los Angeles-based law firm of more than 400 attorneys and other professionals founded in 1965.	Manatt, Phelps & Phillips	Los Angeles
headquarters location	The public entity was called Fisher Scientific International Inc., and based in Hampton, New Hampshire.	Fisher Scientific	Hampton
headquarters location	Broken Crayon Games is a provider of family-oriented digital content and game services based in State College, Pennsylvania.	Broken Crayon Games	State College
headquarters location	Canica is a private holding company, based in Oslo, Norway, created to own the RIMI grocery store chain, owned by Stein Erik Hagen (10%) and his three children Caroline Marie Hagen, Carl Erik Hagen and Nina Camilla Hagen (30% each).	Canica	Oslo
headquarters location	Michael Tobias Design (MTD) is a Kingston, New York-based manufacturer of electric bass guitars founded by luthier Michael Tobias in 1994.	Michael Tobias Design	Kingston
headquarters location	Thales-Raytheon Systems Company LLC (ThalesRaytheonSystems or TRS) is an aerospace and defence company co-headquartered in Massy, Paris, France and Fullerton, California, United States, and a 50:50 joint venture between Raytheon and Thales Group.	ThalesRaytheonSystems	Massy	Fullerton
headquarters location	Underearners Anonymous was started when Andrew D., a Debtors Anonymous (DA) member in Nyack, New York, persuaded other DA members to form a committee to consider a new fellowship specific to ``under earning'' in August, 2005.	Underearners Anonymous	Nyack, New York
headquarters location	Verbund AG is listed both on the Vienna Stock Exchange and in the ATX, the key index of Austrian stock-listed companies.	Verbund	Vienna
headquarters location	Heller Ehrman was founded in San Francisco in 1890 and had additional offices located in most of the major financial centers around the world including New York City, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., London, Beijing, Hong Kong and Singapore.	Heller Ehrman	San Francisco
headquarters location	The Gravity Group, based in Cincinnati, Ohio, is an American-based roller coaster design firm.	The Gravity Group	Cincinnati
headquarters location	Brothers in Unity is a four-year secret society at Yale University.	Brothers in Unity	Yale University
headquarters location	Rothco is an independently owned international advertising agency based in Dublin, Ireland.	Rothco	Dublin
headquarters location	AlterG, Inc. is an American medical device company founded in 2005 by Sean Whalen in Fremont, California.	AlterG	Fremont
headquarters location	The Bayerische Theaterakademie August Everding (English: Bavarian Theater Academy August Everding) at the Prinzregententheater in Munich, was founded by August Everding in 1993.	Bayerische Theaterakademie August Everding	Munich
headquarters location	Education for Liberation of Siam (Thai: กลุ่มการศึกษาเพื่อความเป็นไท) is a group of high school students who demand to reform Thai education system which the core members are from the Thailand Educational Revolution Alliance.	Education for Liberation of Siam	Thailand
headquarters location	Femern A/S is headquartered in Copenhagen.	Femern A/S	Copenhagen
headquarters location	SegaSoft, originally headquartered in Redwood City, California and later San Francisco, was a joint venture by Sega and CSK, created to develop and publish single-player and multiplayer games for the PC and Sega Saturn, primarily in the North American market.	SegaSoft	Redwood City
headquarters location	In May 2006, dozens of Noua Dreaptă members were arrested by police after trying to violently disrupt the GayFest pride parade in Bucharest.	Noua Dreaptă	Bucharest
headquarters location	In April 2000, Ericsson WebCom, now based in Menlo Park, California, expanded TouchWave's WebSwitch product line with the WebSwitch 100 Phone Gateway and IP Extension Gateway.	TouchWave	Menlo Park
headquarters location	The Teacher Institute at La Academia (TILA) is an alternative teacher licensure program located in Denver, Colorado and is an official Colorado Department of Education Designated Agency.	Teacher Institute at La Academia	Denver
headquarters location	SRS Labs, Inc. was a Santa Ana, California-based audio technology engineering company that specialized in audio enhancement solutions for wide variety of consumer electronic devices.	SRS Labs	Santa Ana
headquarters location	The Haagsche Courant was an independent daily newspaper that was distributed throughout the metropolitan area of The Hague for over a century.	Haagsche Courant	The Hague
headquarters location	The Grasshopper Company is headquartered in Moundridge, Kansas in the United States.	The Grasshopper Company	Moundridge, Kansas
headquarters location	The Bradford Ophthalmic Optics Student Association (BOOSA), often referred to colloquially as BOOSA, is a student society for students of Optometry at the University of Bradford and students of Ophthalmic Dispensing from Bradford College.	Bradford Ophthalmic Optics Student Association	University of Bradford
headquarters location	Lighthouse Trails Publishing is a Christian publishing company located in Eureka, Montana.	Lighthouse Trails Publishing	Eureka
headquarters location	Flavor Unit Entertainment is an American entertainment company originally launched in Jersey City, New Jersey, but is now based in Miami, Florida, USA.	Flavor Unit Entertainment	Miami
headquarters location	Seafolly head offices are located in Sydney, Australia.	Seafolly	Sydney
headquarters location	AirMagnet is a Wi-Fi wireless network assurance company based in Sunnyvale, California.	AirMagnet	Sunnyvale
headquarters location	Irving Place Capital is based in New York City its predecessor had raised approximately $4.4 billion since inception across three Bear Stearns Merchant Banking funds.	Irving Place Capital	New York City
headquarters location	Suez Canal Container Terminal (SCCT) (Arabic: شركة قناة السويس للحاويات‎) is a container terminal emerged at Port Said East as a transshipment centre for the Eastern Mediterranean at the northern entrance to the Suez Canal.	Suez Canal Container Terminal	Port Said
headquarters location	Brüel & Kjær (Sound and Vibration Measurement A/S) is a Danish multinational engineering and electronics company headquartered in Nærum, near Copenhagen.	Brüel & Kjær	Copenhagen
headquarters location	Studio Lambert is an independent television production company based in Los Angeles and London.	Studio Lambert	London
headquarters location	EdgeCast Networks is a Los Angeles, CA, based content delivery network (CDN).	EdgeCast Networks	Los Angeles
headquarters location	Principle Group is an international brand implementation company headquartered in Huddersfield, UK, with offices in the USA, Germany, France, Italy, Brazil, China, Japan, Russia, South Africa, Australia and India.	Principle Group	Huddersfield
headquarters location	Aztar Corporation was a hospitality company based in Phoenix, Arizona, focused on resort hotels and casinos.	Aztar	Phoenix
headquarters location	Tech 21 is a New York based manufacturer of guitar and bass effect pedals, amps, and DI boxes which allow the user to emulate the tone of many popular guitar amps and record those sounds directly into a mixer.	Tech 21	New York
headquarters location	Governors of state of Ceará and São Paulo signed a letter of intent in December 1991, where they confirmed interest to fund Gurgel in US$30 million and US$50 million each.	Gurgel	São Paulo
headquarters location	Laureate International Universities are the for-profit universities and colleges owned and operated by Laureate Education, of Baltimore, Maryland, in the United States.	Laureate International Universities	Baltimore
headquarters location	Yoh Services LLC is an American talent and outsourcing company headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Yoh Services	Philadelphia
headquarters location	Slingsby Aviation is a British aircraft company based in Kirkbymoorside, North Yorkshire, England.	Slingsby Aviation	Kirkbymoorside
headquarters location	Bethmann Bank AG is a German private bank headquartered in Frankfurt am Main.	Bethmann Bank	Frankfurt
headquarters location	MS Shoes East Ltd. is a company established in Delhi, India on 17 March 1986 The main object of the company was to take over running business of exports in the name of Shoes East Propriety.	MS Shoes	Delhi
headquarters location	The first Burgerville was located on Mill Plain Blvd in Vancouver, Washington about three miles east of downtown on the southeast corner of Mill Plain and Morrison.	Burgerville	Vancouver
headquarters location	DB Studios, Inc., formerly Display Boys, is a design company located in Irvine, California, specializing in creating displays for various retailers, including multinational retailers such as Starbucks, Kroger, Pepperidge Farm, and Nike.	DB Studios	Irvine
headquarters location	Güneş Ekspress Havacılık A.Ş., doing business as SunExpress, is a Turkish airline based in Antalya.	SunExpress	Antalya
headquarters location	The Borough of Dacorum is a local government district in Hertfordshire, England that includes the towns of Hemel Hempstead, Berkhamsted, Tring and the western part of Kings Langley.	Dacorum	Hemel Hempstead
headquarters location	Baldwin Wallace University is a 4-year private, coeducational, liberal arts college in Berea, Ohio, United States.	Baldwin Wallace University	Berea
headquarters location	The Koegel Meat Company is a meat processing, packaging, and distribution company based in Flint Township, Michigan.	Koegel Meat Company	Flint Township
headquarters location	AF Corse is an Italian auto racing team founded by former racing driver Amato Ferrari in 1995 in Piacenza.	AF Corse	Piacenza
headquarters location	Azimut Yachts is an Italian yacht-manufacturing company based in Avigliana, in the province of Turin.	Azimut Yachts	Turin
headquarters location	Conrad Editora (also known as Conrad) is a book publishing company in Brazil.	Conrad Editora	Brazil
inception	Marbell (stylized as MarBell) was a Japanese rock band active from 2006 to 2010 and signed to their own independent label, N-Records.	Marbell	2006
instrument	Héctor Walter Giardino (born March 6, 1960) is an Argentine guitar virtuoso, composer and leader of the heavy metal and hard rock band Rata Blanca.	Walter Giardino	guitar
instrument	Lindsay Cooper (3 March 1951 -- 18 September 2013) was an English bassoon and oboe player, composer and political activist.	Lindsay Cooper	oboe
instrument	Nils Mathisen (born 24 January 1959) is a Norwegian Jazz musician (Keyboards, Violin, guitar and bass) and Composer, known from significant efforts within cabaret and musicals.	Nils Mathisen	guitar
instrument	Håkan Fredrik Ljungkvist (born 29 November 1969 in Kristinehamn, Sweden), is a Swedish jazz musician (saxophone and clarinet), the son of saxophonist Håkan Ljungkvist and married to the jazz singer Lina Nyberg.	Fredrik Ljungkvist	saxophone
instrument	Antti Sarpila (born 11 June 1964) is a Finnish jazz musician (clarinet).	Antti Sarpila	clarinet
instrument	Allen Shelton (July 2, 1936 - November 21, 2009) was an American five-string banjo player known for being a member of Jim & Jesse's Virginia Boys since the 1960s.	Allen Shelton	banjo
instrument	Igor Saavedra (Santiago de Chile, May 31, 1966 ) is a player and pioneer of the extended-range bass (ERB) guitar.	Igor Saavedra	guitar
instrument	Seton Daunt is a guitar player and songwriter, best known as lead guitarist for the British rock band Fiction Plane.	Seton Daunt	guitar
instrument	Catherine Capozzi is an American rock guitar player, and composer, best known for her eclectic artistic style.	Catherine Capozzi	guitar
instrument	Andy McKee (born April 4, 1979 in Topeka, Kansas) is an American fingerstyle guitar player who has released several solo albums and been the subject of several popular YouTube videos.	Andy McKee	guitar
instrument	James van Buren Fowler (June 29, 1959 -- March 8, 2014) was an American rock and roll and blues guitar player from Atlanta, Georgia.	Buren Fowler	guitar
instrument	Christian Forshaw is a British saxophone virtuoso and composer.	Christian Forshaw	saxophone
instrument	Edwin Ellsworth Peabody, known as Eddie Peabody (February 19, 1902 -- November 7, 1970) was an American banjo player, instrument developer, and musical entertainer whose career spanned five decades.	Eddie Peabody	banjo
instrument	Sidney Bechet quickly learned to play several musical instruments kept around the house, mostly by teaching himself; he soon decided to specialize in clarinet.	Sidney Bechet	clarinet
instrument	Ben Goldberg is an American clarinet player and composer.	Ben Goldberg	clarinet
instrument	Alfred Laubin was born in 1906 in Detroit, where his father Carl was a charter member of that city's orchestra, playing the oboe and the clarinet.	Alfred Laubin	oboe
instrument	Ron Dewar is a jazz tenor saxophone player in the Chicago area.	Ron Dewar	saxophone
instrument	For many years during the exciting dance band and jazz era of the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s, Art Christmas was often said to be Britain's leading saxophone player and multi-instrumentalist.	Art Christmas	saxophone
instrument	Scott Ayers began playing guitar at the age of thirteen.	Scott Ayers	guitar
instrument	Arvid Gram Paulsen (born 4 January 1922 in Kristiania -- 11 April 1963) was a Norwegian jazz musician (saxophone and trumpet) and composer.	Arvid Gram Paulsen	saxophone
instrument	Clarinetist and saxophone player Chris Gradwell is an associate of the Royal Academy of Music and has freelanced with all the London orchestras, especially the London Symphony Orchestra, Royal Philharmonic Orchestra and National Philharmonic Orchestra.	Chris Gradwell	saxophone
instrument	Roland Pröll had his first piano lessons at the age of 5.	Roland Pröll	piano
instrument	Tish Ciravolo is a Los-Angeles-based bass player and guitar designer, and the president and founder of Daisy Rock Guitars.	Tish Ciravolo	guitar
instrument	Francesco Morone (born June 6, 1956, Lanciano, Abruzzo, Italy) known as Franco Morone, is an Italian guitar player, teacher, composer and arranger specializing in fingerstyle technique.	Franco Morone	guitar
instrument	Martin Denny (April 10, 1911 ‒ March 2, 2005) was an American piano-player and composer best known as the ``father of exotica.''	Martin Denny	piano
instrument	Manfred Schoof (born 6 April 1936) is a German jazz trumpet player.	Manfred Schoof	trumpet
instrument	As an instrumentalist, Buckethead has received critical acclaim for his electric guitar playing, and is considered one of today's more innovative guitarists.	Buckethead	guitar
instrument	Pier Gonella began playing guitar at the age of 15, following his passion for such bands as Scorpions and Deep Purple.	Pier Gonella	guitar
instrument	Apostolis Anthimos Trio (with Krzysztof Dziedzic on drums and Robert Szewczuga on bass guitar) Apostolis Anthimos Quartet (with Arild Andersen on double bass, Tomasz Szukalski on saxophone and Krzysztof Dziedzic on drums)	Apostolis Anthimos	guitar
instrument	Guy Buttery (26 November 1983) is a South African musician primarily known as a guitar player.	Guy Buttery	guitar
instrument	Ernie Hammes (born 1968) is a Luxembourger trumpet virtuoso, arranger, composer, and big band director who is prolific in both jazz and classical idioms.	Ernie Hammes	trumpet
instrument	Johann Andreas Amon (1763 -- March 29, 1825) was a German virtuoso guitarist, horn player, violist, conductor and composer.	Johann Andreas Amon	horn
languages spoken or written	Krystyna Kobylańska (Brześć, Poland, 6 August 1925 -- 30 January 2009, Milanówek, Poland) was a Polish musicologist, and former Curator of the Fryderyk Chopin Society Museum in Warsaw.	Krystyna Kobylańska	Polish
licensed to broadcast to	KCYE (102.7 FM) - branded as 102.7 The Coyote - is a commercial radio station located in Boulder City, Nevada, broadcasting to the Las Vegas, Nevada area on 102.7 FM.	KCYE	Boulder City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homrud Bon (Persian: همرودبن‎, also Romanized as Homrūd Bon) is a village in Katra Rural District, Nashta District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Homrud Bon	Katra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Królowa Polska (kruˈlɔva ˈpɔlska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamionka Wielka, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Królowa Polska	Gmina Kamionka Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lassen National Forest is a United States national forest of 1,700 square miles (4,300 km2) in northeastern California.	Lassen National Forest	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ooststellingwerf (ˈoːststɛlɪŋˌʋɛr(ə)f) is a municipality in the province of Friesland in the northern Netherlands.	Ooststellingwerf	Friesland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District (Persian: دهستان كته سرخمام‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Khomam District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kateh Sar-e Khomam Rural District	Khomam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Wieś Legnicka (ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ lɛɡˈnit͡ska) (German: Neudorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Nowa Wieś Legnicka	Gmina Legnickie Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haegen (German: Hägen) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Haegen	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobblestone Railroad Pumphouse is a historic pumphouse located at the hamlet of Fishers in Victor in Ontario County, New York.	Cobblestone Railroad Pumphouse	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velyka Dymerka (Ukrainian: Велика Димерка) is an urban-type settlement in Brovary Raion (district) of Kiev Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Velyka Dymerka	Brovary Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norman Wood Bridge carries Pennsylvania Route 372 across the Susquehanna River between York County, Pennsylvania and Lancaster County, Pennsylvania.	Norman Wood Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXTO (1550 AM) is a radio station licensed to Reno, Nevada, USA, serving the Reno, Sparks and Carson City areas.	KXTO	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaciążek (jaˈt͡ɕɔ̃ʐɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jaciążek	Gmina Płoniawy-Bramura
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eureka Pass is a mountain pass in the southern Princess Margaret Range of central Axel Heiberg Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Eureka Pass	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Afshar (Persian: محمدابادافشار‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Afshār) is a village in Ramjin Rural District, Chaharbagh District, Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Afshar	Ramjin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Solomon Nightengale House (or ``Nightingale'') was a historic house at 429 Granite Street in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Solomon Nightengale House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suncreek United Methodist Church is a United Methodist Church in Allen, Texas, part of the North Texas Conference of the UMC.	Suncreek United Methodist Church	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giniwara (Kannada: ಗಿಣಿವಾರ ) is a village in the Sindhanur taluk of Raichur district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Giniwara	Raichur district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuniki (tuˈɲikʲi) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Tuniki	Gmina Biała Rawska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eyvan Estakhr (Persian: ايوان استخر‎, also Romanized as Eyvān Estakhr) is a village in Shirju Posht Rural District, Rudboneh District, Lahijan County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eyvan Estakhr	Shirju Posht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pomaretto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 km southwest of Turin in the Valle Germanasca.	Pomaretto	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Along with housing the headquarters of the Regional District of Mount Waddington, Port McNeill acts as a central hub for all of North Vancouver Island .	Port McNeill	Regional District of Mount Waddington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mae Yuam Noi (Thai: แม่ยวมน้อย) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Khun Yuam District, in Mae Hong Son Province, Thailand.	Mae Yuam Noi	Khun Yuam
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sumner Tunnel is a road tunnel in Boston, Massachusetts, USA.	Sumner Tunnel	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khorramabad County (Persian: شهرستان خرم‌آباد‎) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran.	Khorramabad County	Lorestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	60 State Street is a modern skyscraper on historic State Street in the Government Center neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	60 State Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loudoun Valley High School (more commonly known as Valley) is a public secondary school in Purcellville, Virginia.	Loudoun Valley High School	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brønnøya is an island in the western section of Oslofjord (Vestfjorden), within the borders of the municipality of Asker.	Brønnøya	Asker
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gartmore (Scottish Gaelic An Gart Mòr) is a village in the Stirling council area, Scotland.	Gartmore	Stirling
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Sports Stadium was a stadium located at the State Fairgrounds in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.	All Sports Stadium	Oklahoma City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Partrishow, also known as Patricio or Patrishow, is a small village in the county of Powys (historically Brecknockshire), close to its border with Monmouthshire.	Partrishow	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Mill High School is the older of two public high schools located in Fort Mill, South Carolina, USA.	Fort Mill High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namalbarh is a small village in Bhogpur (Purba Medinipur), Gram panchayat, in the Kolaghat block of the Tamluk sub-division in the district of Purba Medinipur in the West Bengal state.	Namalbarh	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almenum is a historic locality in the territory of the village of Midlum, Friesland, which is in the municipality of Harlingen in Friesland, The Netherlands.	Almenum	Harlingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huta Żabiowolska (ˈxuta ʐabjɔˈvɔlska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żabia Wola, within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Huta Żabiowolska	Gmina Żabia Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zingar (Persian: زينگر‎, also Romanized as Zīngar and Zīnger; also known as Zanīgar and Zangār) is a village in Radkan Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Zingar	Radkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leniszki (lɛˈniʂki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarnożyły, within Wieluń County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Leniszki	Gmina Czarnożyły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Seneca Lake is a reservoir located near the Boyds community in Montgomery County, Maryland.	Little Seneca Lake	Montgomery County	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holendry Paprockie (xɔˈlɛndrɨ paˈprɔt͡skʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zapolice, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Holendry Paprockie	Gmina Zapolice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tecalitlán is a city and municipality in the central Pacific coastal state of Jalisco, Mexico.	Tecalitlán	Jalisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korani Rural District (Persian: دهستان كراني‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Korani Rural District	Korani District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Roost was a jazz club located at 1580 Broadway in New York City.	Royal Roost	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klejwy PGR, is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Klejwy PGR	Gmina Sejny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Derazlat (Persian: پائين درازلات‎, also Romanized as Pā’īn Derāzlāt; also known as Derāz Lāt) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pain Derazlat	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The unitary authority was formed in 1998 when the City of Rochester-upon-Medway amalgamated with Gillingham Borough Council and part of Kent County Council to form Medway Council, a unitary authority independent of Kent County Council.	Medway	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mid-Ocean School of Media Arts (MOSMA) is a private vocational institution located in Winnipeg, Manitoba.	Mid-Ocean School of Media Arts	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dighal is a village in the Jhajjar district of Haryana, India located about 70 kilometers Northwest of New Delhi.	Dighal	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyhooley (from Irish: Baile Atha Hulla: meaning ``ford of the apples'') is a small village in County Cork, Ireland.	Ballyhooley	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haus Vaterland (Fatherland House) was a pleasure palace on the southwest side of Potsdamer Platz in central Berlin.	Haus Vaterland	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Małków-Kolonia (ˈmau̯kuf kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mircze, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.	Małków-Kolonia	Gmina Mircze
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ibex Valley (named for Ibex Mountain) is located approximately 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) west of the City of Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada.	Ibex Valley	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Imperial National Wildlife Refuge protects wildlife habitat along 30 miles (50 km) of the lower Colorado River in Arizona and California, including the last un-channeled section before the river enters Mexico.	Imperial National Wildlife Refuge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marys River Peak is the highest mountain in the Marys River Range of northern Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Marys River Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åmotfors is a bimunicipal locality situated in Eda Municipality and Arvika Municipality, Värmland County, Sweden with 1,410 inhabitants in 2010.	Åmotfors	Eda Municipality	Arvika Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Demandice (Hungarian: Deménd) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of south-west Slovakia.	Demandice	Levice District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blueridge Elementary School is a school located in the district municipality of North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	Blueridge Elementary School	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Lake Regional Airport (IATA: NRI, FAA LID: 3O9) is a privately owned, public use airport in Delaware County, Oklahoma, United States.	Grand Lake Regional Airport	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Püssi is a town in Lüganuse Parish, Ida-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia, with a population of 1,783 as of 2012.	Püssi	Lüganuse Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Purús Province is one of four provinces in the Ucayali Region, in the central Amazon rainforest of Peru.	Purús Province	Ucayali Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ali Aqai-ye Pain (Persian: علي اقايي پايين‎, also Romanized as ``Alī Āqā'ī-ye Pā'īn) is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13, in 5 families.	Ali Aqai-ye Pain	Ozgoleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ichhawar is a town, and a Municipal Council in Sehore district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh.	Ichhawar	Sehore district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCTA (810 AM) is an American radio station licensed to serve Alamo, the county seat of Crockett County, Tennessee.	WCTA	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingston upon Hull (i/ˌkɪŋstən əpɒn ˈhʌl/ KING-stən ə-pon HUL, local /ˈhʊl/), usually abbreviated to Hull, is a city and unitary authority in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Kingston upon Hull	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batchawana Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CNF5), was located in Batchawana Bay, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south of Batchawana Bay, Ontario, Canada.	Batchawana Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelleone is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cremona in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southeast of Milan and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Cremona.	Castelleone	Province of Cremona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David H. Jones House is located at 143 S. Main Street in Spanish Fork, Utah and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1985.	David H. Jones House	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brykill Farm, originally just Brykill, is a family-owned organic grass-fed beef ranch located on Bruynswick Road (Ulster County Route 7) in Gardiner, New York, United States.	Brykill Farm	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ruscio is a village of east central Umbria, a small Frazione ('Fraction') of Monteleone di Spoleto, located at 42°38N 12°58E in the upper valley of the Corno River at about 900 metres (2953 ft) above sea-level.	Ruscio	Monteleone di Spoleto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raz Kuh (Persian: رزكوه‎, also Romanized as Raz Kūh) is a village in Mahan Rural District, Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Raz Kuh	Mahan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soldotna Regional Sports Complex (also referred to as the Soldotna Sports Center) is a 2,000-seat multipurpose arena located in Soldotna, Alaska.	Soldotna Regional Sports Complex	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bentiu is located in Rubkona County, Unity State, in northern South Sudan, near the International border with the Republic of Sudan.	Bentiu	Unity
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Traverse Area Recreational Trail (TART Trail) is a rail trail in Michigan and is part of U.S. Bicycle Route 35.	TART Trail	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Unspunnen Castle is a castle, now in ruins, located in the municipality of Wilderswil in the Bernese highlands of Switzerland.	Unspunnen Castle	Wilderswil
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dinosaur Cove in Victoria, Australia is a fossil-bearing site in south-east of the continent where the Otway Ranges meet the sea to the west of Cape Otway, adjacent to Great Otway National Park (map).	Dinosaur Cove	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergenfield Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Bergenfield in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Bergenfield Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Khaseh (Persian: چاه خاصه‎, also Romanized as Chāh Khāşeh) is a village in Shandiz Rural District, Shandiz District, Torqabeh and Shandiz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah Khaseh	Shandiz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemidrożyce (ɕɛmidrɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kostomłoty, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siemidrożyce	Gmina Kostomłoty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chittlancherry (also known as Chittilamchery, Chittlamcherry, Chittilancherry, and Chittilamchery) is a village in the Palakkad district of Kerala.	Chittlancherry	Palakkad district	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Świdwin County (Polish: powiat świdwiński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in West Pomeranian Voivodeship, north-western Poland.	Świdwin County	West Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajarabad (Persian: هاجراباد‎, also Romanized as Hājarābād) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District, in the Central District of Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hajarabad	Siyahrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Narenj Kola-ye Sofla (Persian: نارنج كلايه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nārenj Kolā-ye Soflá) is a village in Machian Rural District, Kelachay District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Narenj Kola-ye Sofla	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hebrew Congregation of Mountaindale Synagogue is located along Sullivan County Route 55 near the south end of the hamlet of Mountaindale, New York, United States.	Hebrew Congregation of Mountaindale Synagogue	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Santa Clara del Norte was a 13,989-acre (56.61 km2) Mexican land grant on the Oxnard Plain in present-day Ventura County, California.	Rancho Santa Clara del Norte	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Saint-Charles (French: Lac Saint-Charles) is a lake located in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec, Canada.	Lake Saint-Charles	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gê'gyai County (Tibetan: དགེ་རྒྱས་རྫོང་, Wylie: dge rgyas rdzong Gégyé dzong ``Full Beauty County'', Chinese: 革吉县; pinyin: Géjí Xiàn) is a county in Ngari Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China.	Gê'gyai County	Ngari Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mary Murphy Mine was the principal gold mine of the Chalk Creek mining district of Chaffee County, Colorado, United States, near St. Elmo, Colorado.	Mary Murphy Mine	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Asad Kandi (Persian: اسدكندي‎, also Romanized as Asad Kandī) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District, Aslan Duz District, Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Asad Kandi	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	J J Cahill Memorial High School, (frequently abbreviated to JJCMHS; colloquially known as JJ) is a school in Mascot, New South Wales, Australia, on Sutherland Street.	J J Cahill Memorial High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warzyn (ˈvaʐɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniewkowo, within Inowrocław County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Warzyn	Gmina Gniewkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Khosrow (Persian: مزرعه خسرو‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Khosrow and Mazra``eh Khusrao) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 201, in 63 families.	Mazraeh-ye Khosrow	Sakhvid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurn is a village and civil parish in southeast Dorset, England, between the River Stour and River Avon in the borough of Christchurch, 5 miles (8 km) north-east of the Bournemouth town centre.	Hurn	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dar Asiab (Persian: دراسياب‎, also Romanized as Dar Āsīāb; also known as Do Āsīāb) is a village in Estarabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Gorgan County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Dar Asiab	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yarrowford is a village on the A708, in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland, 4 miles north-west of Selkirk, in the Ettrick Forest.	Yarrowford	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ateybeh (Persian: عطيبه‎, also Romanized as ``Aţeybeh and ``Atībeh; also known as Atiyeh) is a village in Shabankareh Rural District, Shabankareh District, Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 688, in 142 families.	Ateybeh	Shabankareh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahramanmaraş Province (Turkish: Kahramanmaraş ili ) is a province of Turkey.	Kahramanmaraş Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Rocks is an outer suburb at the northern edge of Perth, the state capital of Western Australia, Australia, located 61 kilometres north of the city's central business district.	Two Rocks	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wurtsmith Air Force Base is a decommissioned United States Air Force base in northeastern Iosco County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Wurtsmith Air Force Base	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankton House is a late 17th-century house situated south of Prestonpans in East Lothian, Scotland.	Bankton House	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bułaków (buˈwakuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bułaków	Gmina Pogorzela
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuttainen is a locality situated in Kiruna Municipality, Norrbotten County, Sweden with 333 inhabitants in 2010.	Kuttainen	Kiruna Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collège Gérald-Godin is a French-language public college located in Sainte-Geneviève, Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Collège Gérald-Godin	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Andrews Bungalow Court is a grouping of bungalows built in 1919 in the Colonial Revival style in Hollywood, California.	St. Andrews Bungalow Court	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flat Bastion Road is a road in Gibraltar, the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula.	Flat Bastion Road	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar-e Seyfollah (Persian: قشلاق سيدلرسيف اله‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Seyyedlar-e Seyfollāh) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq-e Seyyedlar-e Seyfollah	Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Juler (Persian: جولر‎, also Romanized as Jūler) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Juler	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karimabad-e Eskandari (Persian: كريم اباداسكندري‎, also Romanized as Karīmābād-e Eskandarī; also known as Karīmābād) is a village in Sheshdeh Rural District, Sheshdeh and Qarah Bulaq District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karimabad-e Eskandari	Sheshdeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue de l'Arbre-Sec is an old street located in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon, near the Place des Terreaux and the Opera Nouvel.	Rue de l'Arbre-Sec	1st arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabbaseka Methodist Episcopal Church, South is a historic church on United States Route 79 in Wabbaseka, Arkansas.	Wabbaseka Methodist Episcopal Church, South	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Zen Institute of America is a Rinzai institution for laypeople established by Sokei-an in New York, New York in 1930 as the Buddhist Society of America (changing its name after World War II).	First Zen Institute of America	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kojur District (Persian: بخش کجور‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kojur District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielichów (vjɛˈlixuf) (German: Königsfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Wielichów	Gmina Sulików
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Launceston General Hospital (LGH) is one of the three main public hospitals in Tasmania, Australia.	Launceston General Hospital	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esferanjan (Persian: اسفرانجان‎, also Romanized as Esferānjān) is a village in Kuhsarat Rural District, in the Central District of Minudasht County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Esferanjan	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostów (ˈmɔstuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Huszlew, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Mostów	Gmina Huszlew
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Portland Exposition Building, also known as The Expo, is a sports and exhibition venue (convention center) building complex in Portland, Maine.	Portland Exposition Building	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaba Kolaki (Persian: قباكلكي‎, also Romanized as Qabā Kolakī) is a village in Baghak Rural District, in the Central District of Tangestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Qaba Kolaki	Baghak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowleh Guyer (Persian: دوله گوير‎, also Romanized as Dowleh Gūyer; also known as Dalkūr, Delgūr, and Dūlagūyer) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dowleh Guyer	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The LaSalle Speedway (formerly known as the Tri-City Speedway) is a 1/4 mile dirt track racing speedway founded in 1947 and located in LaSalle, Illinois.	LaSalle Speedway	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Góra Włodowska (ˈɡura vwɔˈdɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodowice, within Zawiercie County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Góra Włodowska	Gmina Włodowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barron Gorge National Park is a national park in Queensland, Australia, 1,404 km northwest of Brisbane and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from Kuranda.	Barron Gorge National Park	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Anjir (Persian: تنگ انجير‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Anjīr; also known as Tang-e Anjīrū) is a village in Sarbanan Rural District, in the Central District of Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tang-e Anjir	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Green Peter Reservoir is a reservoir created by Green Peter Dam on the Middle Santiam River 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Sweet Home, Oregon, United States.	Green Peter Reservoir	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Hindmarsh is an Australian Electoral Division in South Australia covering the western suburbs of Adelaide.	Division of Hindmarsh	South Australia	Adelaide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Judenplatz (English:Jewish Square) is a town square in Vienna's Innere Stadt that was the center of Jewish life and the Viennese Jewish Community in the Middle Ages.	Judenplatz	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Long Marton is a village and civil parish in the Eden District of the English county of Cumbria.	Long Marton	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Usquepaug Road Historic District is a historic district near the village of Usquepaug in South Kingstown, Rhode Island.	Usquepaug Road Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belny (ˈbɛlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Belny	Gmina Sompolno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Hadd (Persian: سرحد‎, also Romanized as Sar Ḩadd and Sarḩad; also known as Sarḩad-e Bālā) is a village in Alqurat Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Sar Hadd	Alqurat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Tyler Community College is a two-year, public institution of higher education and is the fifth largest of the 23 community colleges in Virginia.	John Tyler Community College	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alfred E. Clarke Mansion, also known as Caselli Mansion, Nobby Clarke's Castle and Nobby Clarke's Folly, is a building in San Francisco, California, located at 250 Douglass Street in the Castro neighborhood.	Alfred E. Clarke Mansion	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morgan Park Academy is a coeducational, college preparatory, independent Pre-Kindergarten-12th grade day school located in the Morgan Park neighborhood on the south side of Chicago, Illinois.	Morgan Park Academy	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałązki Wielkie (ɡaˈwɔ̃ski ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce, within Ostrów Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gałązki Wielkie	Gmina Nowe Skalmierzyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Velm is a village in the Belgian province of Limburg and one of the communities constituting the municipality of Sint-Truiden.	Velm	Sint-Truiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kerfu Kola (Persian: كرفوكلا‎, also Romanized as Kerfū Kolā; also known as Kerfā Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kerfu Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burgeo is a Canadian town located on the south coast of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	Burgeo	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCook Ben Nelson Regional Airport (IATA: MCK, ICAO: KMCK, FAA LID: MCK) is two miles east of McCook, in Red Willow County, Nebraska.	McCook Ben Nelson Regional Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lichtental is a part of the district of Alsergrund, Vienna.	Lichtental	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sang Cheshmeh (Persian: سنگ چشمه‎) is a village in Chahardangeh Rural District, Chahardangeh District, Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sang Cheshmeh	Chahardangeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The College of Marin is a community college in Marin County, California, U.S., with two campuses, one in Kentfield, and the second in Novato.	College of Marin	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naliya is a town, which is also the taluka headquarters of Abdasa Taluka of Kutch District, Gujarat, India.	Naliya	Abdasa Taluka	Kutch District	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pleasant Towne Centre is an upscale shopping center located in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina.	Mount Pleasant Towne Centre	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Polimonie (pɔliˈmɔɲe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rutka-Tartak, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Polimonie	Gmina Rutka-Tartak
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fransham is a civil parish in the Breckland District of the English county of Norfolk; it covers an area of 12.14 km2 (4.7 sq mi), and includes the villages of Great and Little Fransham and the hamlet of Crane's End.	Fransham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vívó és Atlétikai Club was a Hungarian football club from the town of Szentlőrinc, Budapest.	Vívó és Atlétikai Club	Szentlőrinc
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Bear Down'' is the official motto of the University of Arizona (U of A), located in Tucson, Arizona.	Bear Down	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podmokle Wielkie (pɔdˈmɔklɛ ˈvʲɛlkʲɛ) (German: Groß Posemuckel, 1937-45 Groß Posenbrück) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Babimost, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Podmokle Wielkie	Gmina Babimost
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salehabad-e Seyyedabad (Persian: صالح ابادصيداباد‎, also Romanized as Sāleḥābād-e Seyyedābād) is a village in Aftab Rural District, Aftab District, Tehran County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Salehabad-e Seyyedabad	Aftab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Obchodní centrum Letňany, also known as OC Letňany is a shopping mall located in the Letňany district of Prague, Czech Republic.	Obchodní centrum Letňany	Prague
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crowell-Bourne Farm is a historic 1775 farmhouse on West Falmouth Highway (Route 28A) in West Falmouth, Massachusetts.	Crowell-Bourne Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hayes Plantation, also known as Hayes Farm, is a historic plantation near Edenton, North Carolina that belonged to Samuel Johnston (1733--1816), who served as Governor of North Carolina from 1787 to 1789.	Hayes Plantation	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 2972, or FM 2972, in eastern Texas (USA), runs about 3.67 miles (5.91 km) from an intersection with FM 347 south of Dialville, east to an intersection with US 69 in Rusk.	Farm to Market Road 2972	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shusef District (Persian: بخش شوسف‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shusef District	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kruzof Island is an island in the Alexander Archipelago in southeastern Alaska at 57°10′14``N 135°40′29''W. It is about 16 km (9.9 mi) west of Sitka, and is part of the City and Borough of Sitka.	Kruzof Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palupõhja is a village in Puhja Parish, Tartu County, Estonia, located on the Alam-Pedja Nature Reserve.	Palupõhja	Puhja Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wildhorse Resort & Casino is a casino owned and operated since 1994 by the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Wildhorse Resort & Casino	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Alfredo Ramos is a football stadiuam in Agronomía, Buenos Aires, Argentina.	Estadio Alfredo Ramos	Agronomía
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curiglia con Monteviasco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Milan and about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northwest of Varese in the Val Veddasca, on the border with Switzerland.	Curiglia con Monteviasco	Province of Varese
located in the administrative territorial entity	Șepreuș (Hungarian: Seprős) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, is situated on the northern part of the Teuz Plateau, it stretches over 5768 ha.	Șepreuș	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wewelsburg (German pronunciation: (ˈveːvəlsˌbʊɐ̯k)) is a Renaissance castle located in the village of Wewelsburg, which is a district of the town of Büren, Westphalia, in the Landkreis of Paderborn in the northeast of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.	Wewelsburg	Büren, Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria sopra Minerva (English: Saint Mary above Minerva, Latin: Sancta Maria supra Minervam) is one of the major churches of the Roman Catholic Order of Preachers (better known as the Dominicans) at Rome, Italy.	Santa Maria sopra Minerva	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	WANO (1230 AM) is a radio station licensed to Pineville, Kentucky, and serving the greater Bell County community.	WANO	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Linden Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Linden, in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Linden Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Floyd Bennett Field was New York City's first municipal airport, later a naval air station, and is now a park.	Floyd Bennett Field	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rosenwald Building is a historic building in downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Rosenwald Building	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leckmelm (Scottish Gaelic: Leac Mailm) is a small settlement on the eastern shore of Loch Broom, in Wester Ross in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Leckmelm	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Sharpe is a large reservoir behind Big Bend Dam on the Missouri River in central South Dakota, USA.	Lake Sharpe	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oberalpstock or Piz Tgietschen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden.	Oberalpstock	Uri	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Statue of Richard Grosvenor, Second Marquess of Westminster is in Grosvenor Park, Chester, Cheshire.	Statue of Richard Grosvenor, Second Marquess of Westminster	Chester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Korycka Górna (ˈvɔla kɔˈrɨt͡ska ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trojanów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Korycka Górna	Gmina Trojanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley International Airport (IATA: HRL, ICAO: KHRL, FAA LID: HRL) (Rio Grande Valley International Airport) is a city owned airport three miles northeast of Harlingen, in Cameron County, Texas.	Valley International Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzóze Duże (ˈbʐuzɛ ˈduʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzewnie, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzóze Duże	Gmina Rzewnie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks Memorial State Park is a 700-acre (280 ha) Washington state park located in the southern Cascade Mountains near Goldendale.	Brooks Memorial State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gombazun (Persian: گمبزون‎, also Romanized as Gombazūn and Gambāzoon; also known as Do Gombazūn, Dow Gombazūn, Gambarān, and Gombazān) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gombazun	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Urzelina is a civil parish in the municipality of Velas in the Portuguese islands of the Azores.	Urzelina	Velas	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ottinge is a hamlet located NNW of Folkestone in Kent, England.	Ottinge	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yowah is a small town in outback western Queensland, Australia in the Paroo Shire local government area.	Yowah	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suszno (ˈsuʂnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włodawa, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Suszno	Gmina Włodawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pieńki-Sobótki (ˈpjɛɲki sɔˈbutki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrzejewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pieńki-Sobótki	Gmina Andrzejewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poletiči (pronounced (pɔˈleːtitʃi)) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia.	Poletiči	Koper
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gileston (Welsh: Silstwn) is a small Welsh village near West Aberthaw in Bro Morgannwg (the Vale of Glamorgan) on the coast of South Wales.	Gileston	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sommocolonia is a hilltop village in Barga, Italy.	Sommocolonia	Barga
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pinebridge Coliseum, also known as The Bridge Coliseum, is a 5,000 seat indoor arena located in Spruce Pine, North Carolina.	Pinebridge Coliseum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elstree & Borehamwood railway station is in the Hertsmere district of Hertfordshire located 12 miles 35 chains (20.0 km) north of London St Pancras.	Elstree & Borehamwood railway station	Hertsmere	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Gózd (ˈnɔvɨ ˈɡust) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Błotnica, within Białobrzegi County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Gózd	Gmina Stara Błotnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borough Green is a large village and civil parish in the Tonbridge and Malling district of Kent, England.	Borough Green	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuh Narmeh (Persian: كوه نارمه‎, also Romanized as Kūh Nārmeh) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District, Falard District, Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kuh Narmeh	Poshtkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dayton Daily News Building is a historic structure located at the corner of 4th and Ludlow Streets in Dayton, Ohio.	Dayton Daily News Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tracy House is a Frank Lloyd Wright-designed Usonian automatic home that was constructed in Normandy Park, Washington, near Seattle, in 1956.	Tracy House	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belvij (Persian: بلويج‎, also Romanized as Belvīj; also known as Belvīch) is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Belvij	Mianrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pikes Peak State Park is a state park of Iowa, US, featuring a 500-foot (150 m) bluff overlooking the Upper Mississippi River opposite the confluence of the Wisconsin River.	Pikes Peak State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłodnica Górna (kwɔdˈnit͡sa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borzechów, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kłodnica Górna	Gmina Borzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Talbragar fossil site is a paleontological site of Jurassic age in the central west of New South Wales, Australia.	Talbragar fossil site	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thalpunoor is a small village, located 12 km south west of Nagarkurnool, Gopalpet Mandal and Mahbubnagar district, India, situated in between 16.406 degrees northern longitude and 78.242° eastern latitude.	Thalpunoor	Mahbubnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve is one of the most biologically productive estuarine ecosystems in the Gulf of Mexico region, supporting several rare or endangered plant and animal species, numerous important marine fishery resources, diverse habitat types and archaeological sites, in the U.S. State of Mississippi.	Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ekhtiarabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اختيارآباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ekhtiarabad Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saft-e Sorkh (Persian: صافت سرخ‎, also Romanized as Sāft-e Sorkh) is a village in Barakuh Rural District, Jolgeh-e Mazhan District, Khusf County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Saft-e Sorkh	Barakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	George P. Cossar State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located on the shores of Enid Lake approximately 7 miles (11 km) north of Oakland off Mississippi Highway 32.	George P. Cossar State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Värmdö Municipality (Värmdö kommun) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden.	Värmdö Municipality	Stockholm County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Indian Business Museum is located in the city of Kozhikode, in the state of Kerala, India.	Indian Business Museum	Kozhikode
located in the administrative territorial entity	Xintian County (simplified Chinese: 新田县; traditional Chinese: 新田縣; pinyin: Xīntián Xiàn) is under the administration of Yongzhou, Hunan province, China.	Xintian County	Yongzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulevard Saint-Joseph is a commercial boulevard in the former city of Hull, Quebec (now Gatineau).	Boulevard Saint-Joseph	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Châlons Cathedral (Cathédrale Saint-Étienne de Châlons) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Châlons-en-Champagne, France, formerly Châlons-sur-Marne.	Châlons Cathedral	Châlons-en-Champagne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scott Point Site, also known as 20MK22 or (erroneously) as the Point Patterson Site, is an archaeological site located near the shore of Lake Michigan near Scott Point, south of Gould City, Michigan and west of Point Patterson.	Scott Point Site	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frankland Range is a mountain range that is located in the south-west region of Tasmania, Australia.	Frankland Range	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yankton College was a small liberal arts college in Yankton, South Dakota, affiliated with the Congregational Christian Churches (later the United Church of Christ).	Yankton College	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	WONB (``The Beat 94.9 FM'') is a non-commercial, educational FM radio station licensed to Ada, Ohio, operating at 94.9 MHz with a Best of the 70s,80s and 90s during the day and Best of Today format at night.	WONB	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opacz (ˈɔpat͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Opacz	Gmina Konstancin-Jeziorna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arag Khan Malek (Persian: ارگ خان ملك‎, also Romanized as Ārag Khān Malek) is a village in Margan Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Arag Khan Malek	Margan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان اله آباد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Zarach District, Yazd County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Allahabad Rural District	Zarach District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mianzu (Persian: ميانزو‎, also Romanized as Mīānzū, Mīān Zū, Meyānsū, Mīānzow, Miyan Zoo, and Mīyān Zow) is a village in Gifan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mianzu	Gifan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Euroa Secondary College is a year 7 to 12 co-educational, state-run secondary college located in the Victorian north-eastern town of Euroa, Victoria in Australia.	Euroa Secondary College	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henlow is a village and civil parish in the district of Central Bedfordshire in Bedfordshire, England.	Henlow	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1867, İzmir finally became the center of its own vilayet, still called by neighboring Aydın's name but with its own administrative area covering a large part of Turkey's present-day Aegean Region.	İzmir	Aegean Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of Saint Lawrence (Italian: Cattedrale di San Lorenzo) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Lugano, Ticino, Switzerland.	Cathedral of Saint Lawrence	Lugano	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lent Homestead and Cemetery is a historic house and cemetery at 78-03 19th Road in East Elmhurst, New York.	Lent Homestead and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martin University in Indianapolis, Indiana, was founded by Rev. Father Boniface Hardin and Sister Jane Schilling in 1977.	Martin University	Indianapolis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palangab (Persian: پلنگاب‎, also Romanized as Palangāb) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District, Qareh Chay District, Khondab County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Palangab	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gibbon River flows east of the Continental Divide in Yellowstone National Park, in northwestern Wyoming, the Northwestern United States.	Gibbon River	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galbraith Lake Airport (IATA: GBH, ICAO: PAGB, FAA LID: GBH) is a state-owned, public-use airport located at Galbraith Lake in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska.	Galbraith Lake Airport	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Ridge Hospital (ERH) is a medical facility located in Port Moody, British Columbia, on the Port Moody/Coquitlam border.	Eagle Ridge Hospital	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Barrington Public Schools are a community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through eighth grade from Barrington, in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Barrington Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castelfondo (Ladin: Cjastelfon, German: Kastelpfund) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) north of Trento.	Castelfondo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Utica Square is an upscale outdoor shopping center located in Tulsa, Oklahoma.	Utica Square	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piskivka (Ukrainian: Пісківка) is an urban-type settlement in Borodianka Raion (district) of Kiev Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Piskivka	Borodianka Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buddinni (pronounced ``bhu-dhi-nni'') (ಬುದ್ದಿನ್ನಿ in Kannada) is a village in the Raichur District of the Indian state of Karnataka.	Buddinni	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Solecka Druga (ˈvɔla sɔˈlɛt͡ska ˈdruɡa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Solecka Druga	Gmina Lipsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 3D Center of Art and Photography is an American nonprofit educational institution in Portland, Oregon that opened in 2003.	3D Center of Art and Photography	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Fe College is a state college located in Gainesville, Florida, and is a member institution of the Florida College System.	Santa Fe College	Gainesville
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Broward High School (SBHS) is a Marine Science Magnet school located in the Royal Poinciana neighborhood of Hollywood, Florida.	South Broward High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Probostwo Dolne (prɔˈbɔstfɔ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubanie, within Włocławek County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Probostwo Dolne	Gmina Lubanie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konopki-Pokrzywnica (kɔˈnɔpki pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Konopki-Pokrzywnica	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Consort Airport, (TC LID: CFG3), is located 1.5 nautical miles (2.8 km; 1.7 mi) northeast of Consort, Alberta, Canada.	Consort Airport	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 431 (or B 431) is a German federal highway running in a Northwest to Southeast direction from Meldorf to the Altona borough of Hamburg.	Bundesstraße 431	Hamburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widaczów (vʲiˈdat͡ʂuf) (Ukrainian: Видачів, Vydachiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jawornik Polski, within Przeworsk County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Widaczów	Gmina Jawornik Polski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wielebnów (vjɛˈlɛbnuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopuszno, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wielebnów	Gmina Łopuszno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ninglang Yi Autonomous County (Chinese: 宁蒗彝族自治县; pinyin: Nínglàng Yízú Zìzhìxiàn; Yi: ꆀꆿꆈꌠꊨꏦꏱꅉꑤ nip lat nuo su zyt jie jux dde xiep) is located in Lijiang City Prefecture, Yunnan, China.	Ninglang Yi Autonomous County	Lijiang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tishomingo State Park is located in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains in Tishomingo County, Mississippi, northeast of Tupelo.	Tishomingo State Park	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stawce-Kolonia (ˈstaft͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Batorz, within Janów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Stawce-Kolonia	Gmina Batorz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinoba-an (known as Asia until 1959) is a 1st class municipality in the province of Negros Occidental, Philippines.	Hinoba-an	Negros Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patrick Air Force Base (IATA: COF, ICAO: KCOF, FAA LID: COF) is a United States Air Force installation located between Satellite Beach and Cocoa Beach, in Brevard County, Florida, in the United States.	Patrick Air Force Base	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kursk Oblast (Russian: Курская область, tr. Kurskaya oblast; IPA: (ˈkurskəjə ˈobləsʲtʲ)) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast).	Kursk Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Samaria State Park is a 7,600-hectare (19,000-acre) park situated approximately 20 km north of Mansfield in the state of Victoria, Australia.	Mount Samaria State Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Homer Public Library is located at 500 Hazel Avenue in Homer, Alaska, and has five full-time and three part-time staff.	Homer Public Library	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caernarfon (/kərˈnɑːrvən/; Welsh: (kaɨrˈnarvɔn)) is a royal town, community, and port in Gwynedd, Wales, with a population of 9,615 (this figure does not include nearby Bontnewydd or Caeathro, as they are in separate communities).	Caernarfon	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences (in German: Hochschule für Forstwirschaft Rottenburg) is a Fachhochschule (university of applied sciences) in Rottenburg am Neckar, in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.	Rottenburg University of Applied Forest Sciences	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuexiushan Stadium (Chinese: 越秀山体育场) is a multi-purpose stadium in Guangzhou, China.	Yuexiushan Stadium	Guangzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Main Street Station is a historic railroad station and office building in Richmond, Virginia.	Richmond Main Street Station	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llangurig is a village in Powys, Wales, lying on the River Wye.	Llangurig	Powys
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daniel McLaughlin Therrell High School is a public high school located near I-285 and Greenbriar Mall in southwest Atlanta, Georgia.	Therrell High School	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Salt Lake 2002 Olympic Cauldron Park is a plaza located at the south end of Rice-Eccles Stadium on the campus of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, Utah.	Salt Lake 2002 Olympic Cauldron Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakian (Persian: زكيان‎, also Romanized as Zakīān, Zakeyān, and Zakīyān; also known as Bābā Kūhak, Kūrnī, and Zakīān-e Bābā Kūhak) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zakian	Banesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lower Corner Historic District encompasses a small village center in the town of Sandwich, New Hampshire.	Lower Corner Historic District	Sandwich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boca Raton Community High School is a public, coeducational high school that is part of the School District of Palm Beach County, Florida.	Boca Raton Community High School	Palm Beach County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goczałków Górny (ɡɔˈt͡ʂau̯kuf ˈɡurnɨ) (German: Kohlhöhe) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom, within Świdnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goczałków Górny	Gmina Strzegom
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gallifa is a municipality in the comarca of the Vallès Occidental in Catalonia, north-eastern Spain.	Gallifa	Vallès Occidental
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vigolo Vattaro (German: Walzburg) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of Trento.	Vigolo Vattaro	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Åkrafjord Tunnel (Norwegian: Åkrafjordtunnelen) is a road tunnel in Etne municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Åkrafjord Tunnel	Etne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Head School District is a community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through eighth grade from Bay Head, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Bay Head School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahvizan (Persian: مهويزان‎, also Romanized as Mahvīzān; also known as Mamuzān and Mavizen) is a village in Gurab Zarmikh Rural District, Mirza Kuchek Janghli District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Mahvizan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sierakowy (ɕeraˈkɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Sierakowy	Gmina Topólka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalabad (Persian: دال اباد‎, also Romanized as Dālābād; also known as Mānī Gaz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Dalabad	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panathur is a small village in the Kasaragod district, state of Kerala.	Panathur	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gortsaranain (Armenian: Գործարանային) is a Yerevan Metro station.	Gortsaranain	Yerevan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czaczki Małe (ˈt͡ʂat͡ʂki ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośń Kościelna, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Czaczki Małe	Gmina Turośń Kościelna
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Butler Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Butler, in Morris County, New Jersey, United States.	Butler Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pan-Pacific Auditorium, a landmark structure in the Fairfax District of Los Angeles, California, once stood at 7600 West Beverly Boulevard near the site of Gilmore Field, an early Los Angeles baseball venue predating Dodger Stadium.	Pan-Pacific Auditorium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fajã dos Tijolos (Portuguese for ``debris field of the bricks'') is a permanent debris field, built from the collapsing cliffs on the northern coast of the civil parish of Ribeira Seca, in the municipality of Calheta, island of São Jorge, in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Fajã dos Tijolos	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leimert Bridge is located in the Oakmore neighborhood of Oakland, California.	Leimert Bridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Groothoofdspoort is a former city gate in Dordrecht that is located at the point where three rivers meet; the Merwede, the Oude Maas, and the Noord.	Groothoofdspoort	Dordrecht
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Cambridgeport Historic District is a historic district along Cherry, Harvard and Washington Streets in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	Old Cambridgeport Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tillamook State Forest is a 364,000 acres (1,470 km2) publicly owned forest in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Tillamook State Forest	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Champ Grubbs House is a historic antebellum dog trot log cabin in rural Drew County, Arkansas.	Champ Grubbs House	Drew County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Usnarszczyzna (usnarʂˈt͡ʂɨzna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Narew, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Usnarszczyzna	Gmina Narew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gasparilla Inn Historic District is a historic district at 500 Palm Avenue in Boca Grande, Florida, United States.	Gasparilla Inn Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobyzhcha (Ukrainian: Кобижча; Russian: Кобыжча) is a village in the Bobrovytsia Raion (district) of Chernihiv Oblast (province) in northern Ukraine.	Kobyzhcha	Bobrovytsia Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pamiętowo (pamjɛnˈtɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Pamiętowo	Gmina Kęsowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The G.A.R. Hall and Museum is a historic museum at 58 Andrew Street in Lynn, Massachusetts.	G.A.R. Hall and Museum	Lynn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roter See (bei Kakeldütt) is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, Mecklenburgische Seenplatte, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	Roter See (bei Kakeldütt)	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunter Annex is a United States Air Force installation located in the North-northeast suburbs of Montgomery, Alabama.	Gunter Annex	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ángel Sandoval Province is one of the fifteen provinces of the Bolivian Santa Cruz Department and is situated in the department's eastern parts.	Ángel Sandoval Province	Santa Cruz Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qajar Mahalleh (Persian: قجرمحله‎, also Romanized as Qajar Maḩalleh) is a village in Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Qajar Mahalleh	Pain Khiyaban-e Litkuh Rural District	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadney cum Howsham is a civil parish in North Lincolnshire, England, that consists of the small villages of Cadney and Howsham, several farms, and mainly arable farmland.	Cadney cum Howsham	North Lincolnshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cochrane District, Ontario is a district and census division in Northeastern Ontario in the Canadian province of Ontario.	Cochrane District	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magarnat-e Yek (Persian: مگرنات يك‎, also Romanized as Magarnāt-e Yek; also known as Magarnād-e Yek, Magarnāt, and Mogernād) is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Magarnat-e Yek	Shoaybiyeh-ye Sharqi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The George and Neva Barbee House, also known as the Dr. G. S. Barbee House, is a historic home located at Zebulon, Wake County, North Carolina, a town near of Raleigh.	George and Neva Barbee House	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broken Hill Correctional Centre, an Australian minimum and medium security prison for males and females, is located in Broken Hill, New South Wales.	Broken Hill Correctional Centre	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurtlujeh-e Olya (Persian: قورتلوجه عليا‎, also Romanized as Qūrtlūjeh-e ``Olyā) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 606, in 117 families.	Qurtlujeh-e Olya	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baravat (Persian: بروات‎, also Romanized as Baravāt and Barvat; also known as Borūnābād and Burābād) is a city in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Baravat	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belwood (Wright Field) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CBW6), is located 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) west of Belwood, Ontario, Canada.	Belwood (Wright Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puste Łąki (ˈpustɛ ˈwɔŋki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszków, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Puste Łąki	Gmina Wyszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Col. William Henderson French House, also known as ``Legend Valley Farm,'' is a historic home located near Athens, Mercer County, West Virginia.	Col. William Henderson French House	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rud-e Khin (Persian: رودخين‎, also Romanized as Rūd-e Khīn) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Rud-e Khin	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Montlake Park is a park in the Montlake neighborhood of Seattle, Washington.	West Montlake Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Neck Cemetery is a historic cemetery off Read Street in East Providence, Rhode Island.	Little Neck Cemetery	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huisje Mostinckx (Dutch: house Mostinckx) is a farm on the village square of Sint-Martens-Bodegem, a subdivision of Dilbeek in Flemish Brabant, Belgium.	Huisje Mostinckx	Dilbeek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burnham-on-Crouch is a town and civil parish in the Maldon District of Essex in the East of England.	Burnham-on-Crouch	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Conrad Weiser High School is a public high school in Robesonia, Berks County, Pennsylvania and is part of the Conrad Weiser Area School District.	Conrad Weiser High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gonnesa is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Carbonia-Iglesias in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Cagliari and about 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Carbonia, in the Iglesiente subregion.	Gonnesa	Province of Carbonia-Iglesias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qarah Nav (Persian: قره ناو‎, also Romanized as Qarah Nāv and Qareh Nāv) is a village in Gol Tappeh Rural District, Ziviyeh District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qarah Nav	Gol Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qashqeh (Persian: قشقه‎; also known as Ghashqeh) is a village in Vizhenan Rural District, in the Central District of Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Qashqeh	Vizhenan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Dańkowska (ˈvulka daɲˈkɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wólka Dańkowska	Gmina Błędów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kochłowy (kɔˈxwɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrzeszów, within Ostrzeszów County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kochłowy	Gmina Ostrzeszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tundzha Municipality (Bulgarian: община Тунджа) is a municipality of Yambol Province, southeastern Bulgaria.	Tundzha Municipality	Yambol Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Palmerston is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 26 km (16 mi) west of Sayward and 22 km (14 mi) north of Mount Abel.	Mount Palmerston	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abrud (Latin: Abruttus; Hungarian: Abrudbánya; German: Großschlatten) is a town in the north-western part of Alba County, Transylvania, Romania, located on the river Abrud.	Abrud	Alba County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holiday Pacific and Southern Tower is a 468.7 meters tall guyed mast for FM- and TV-broadcasting located in Holiday, Florida, USA at 28°11'5``N 82°45'37''W. It was built in 1979.	Holiday Pacific and Southern Tower	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maliheh-ye Sadun (Persian: مليحه سعدون‎, also Romanized as Malīḩeh-ye Sa``dūn; also known as Malīḩeh-ye Do) is a village in Jahad Rural District, Hamidiyeh District, Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 321, in 53 families.	Maliheh-ye Sadun	Jahad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centa San Nicolò (German: Zenten) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 14 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Trento.	Centa San Nicolò	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Santa Catalina Arch is one of the distinguishable landmarks in Antigua Guatemala, Guatemala, located on 5th Avenue North.	Santa Catalina Arch	Antigua Guatemala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge-Narrows (2006 pop.: 717) is a Canadian village located in Queens County, New Brunswick.	Cambridge-Narrows	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parracombe is a rural settlement near Lynton, in Devon, England.	Parracombe	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mineral Wells Airport (IATA: MWL, ICAO: KMWL, FAA LID: MWL) is a public airport three miles southeast of Mineral Wells, Texas.	Mineral Wells Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzo Montecitorio (Italian pronunciation: (paˈlatt͡so montetʃiˈtɔːrjo)) is a palace in Rome and the seat of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.	Palazzo Montecitorio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gauniz (Persian: گاونيز‎, also Romanized as Gāūnīz; also known as Gūnīz) is a village in Fin Rural District, Fin District, Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gauniz	Fin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shilu Subdistrict (Chinese: 石路街道) is a township-level division of Gusu District, Suzhou, Jiangsu, China.	Shilu Subdistrict	Gusu District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miner Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County, Idaho, United States, located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area of Sawtooth National Forest.	Miner Lake	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mediolanum Forum (formerly known as FilaForum di Assago, DatchForum di Assago and Forum di Assago) is an indoor sports arena that is located in Assago, near Milan, Italy.	Mediolanum Forum	Assago
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hunrodeiche or, more rarely, the Hunrodseiche, in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is an oak tree over 1,000 years old near Hainfeld in the county of Mansfeld-Südharz in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Hunrodeiche	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snowmastodon site, also known as the Snowmass Village fossil site or the Ziegler Reservoir fossil site, is a fossil excavation near Snowmass Village, Colorado.	Snowmastodon site	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liplas (ˈliplas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gdów, within Wieliczka County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Liplas	Gmina Gdów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Assembly Square Marketplace is a power center and mixed-use development located in the Assembly Square neighborhood of Somerville, Massachusetts.	Assembly Square Marketplace	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Creek Dam is located at the head waters of Plane Creek west of Sarina, Queensland.	Middle Creek Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suchoręcz (suˈxɔrɛnt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Suchoręcz	Gmina Kcynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Allegheny River Turnpike Bridge carries Interstate 76 (Pennsylvania Turnpike) over the Allegheny River.	Allegheny River Turnpike Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cima dal Cantun is a mountain of the Bregaglia Range (Alps), located between the valleys of the Albigna and the Forno Glacier in Graubünden.	Cima dal Cantun	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Peregu Mare (Hungarian: Németpereg; Slovak: Veľký Pereg) is a commune in Arad County, Romania, on the Arad Plateau, at the western border of Romania.	Peregu Mare	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kafak (Persian: كفاك‎, also Romanized as Kafāk) is a village in Lafur Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kafak	Lafur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasselbroek Castle (Dutch: Kasteel van Hasselbroek), also Hasselbrouck Castle (French: Château de Hasselbrouck) is a 17th-century country house in Hasselbroek, in Jeuk, a part of the municipality of Gingelom, province of Limburg, Belgium.	Hasselbrouck Castle	Jeuk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goman Dasht (Persian: گماندشت‎, also Romanized as Gomān Dasht and Gamān Dasht; also known as Gamān, Gumbadasht, and Konbadasht) is a village in Darram Rural District, in the Central District of Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Goman Dasht	Darram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bindiganavile is a village and hobli headquarter in Nagamangala taluka of Mandya District, Karnataka, India.	Bindiganavile	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Soo River is a tributary of the Green River in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia, Canada, joining that river just north of the Resort Municipality of Whistler.	Soo River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alika or Elika or Ileka (Persian: اليكا‎, also Romanized as Ālīkā; also known as Īlīkā and Īlkā) is a village in Owzrud Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran on the road from Tehran to the Caspian Sea (Chaloos Road).	Alika	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dartmouth Park is a district of north London in the London Borough of Camden, on the slope of the hill that rises up to Highgate from Kentish Town.	Dartmouth Park	London Borough of Camden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Talbot Island State Park is a Florida State Park located on Little Talbot Island, 17 miles (27 km) northeast of Jacksonville on State Road A1A.	Little Talbot Island State Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rytomoczydła (rɨtɔmɔˈt͡ʂɨdwa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec, within Grójec County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Rytomoczydła	Gmina Jasieniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nibei is a town located in the south-central part of Xingning City, Meizhou, eastern Guangdong Province, China.	Nibei	Xingning
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLSS is a radio station serving the Sarasota, Florida area with a news/talk format.	WLSS	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Wing Regional Airport (ICAO: KRGK, FAA LID: RGK) is a city-owned public-use airport located in Pierce County, Wisconsin, three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Red Wing, a city in Goodhue County, Minnesota, United States.	Red Wing Regional Airport	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Bernard is a freshwater lake two-and-a-half hours north of Toronto in Parry Sound District, Ontario, Canada, between Huntsville and North Bay.	Lake Bernard	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Watab River, also known as Watab Creek, is a 9.8-mile-long (15.8 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in Stearns County in central Minnesota in the United States.	Watab River	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boneh-ye Dasti (Persian: بنه دستي‎, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Dastī) is a village in Shahi Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Boneh-ye Dasti	Shahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two International Place is a postmodern skyscraper in the Financial District neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	Two International Place	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Webster Theater is a music venue in the south end of Hartford, Connecticut.	Webster Theater	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sardarban (Persian: سرداربن‎, also Romanized as Sardārban) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Sardarban	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otley is a market town and civil parish in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England, by the River Wharfe.	Otley	Leeds	West Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żarki Średnie (ˈʐarki ˈɕrɛdɲɛ) (German: Kesselbach; until 1937: Sohra) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieńsk, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the German border.	Żarki Średnie	Gmina Pieńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sahneh-ye Sofla (Persian: صحنه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Şaḩneh-ye Soflá; also known as Şaḩneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Gorganbuy Rural District, in the Central District of Aqqala County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Sahneh-ye Sofla	Gorganbuy Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Deluxe Cabins is a historic motel complex located in West Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Williams Deluxe Cabins	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tushi (Persian: توشي‎, also Romanized as Tūshī) is a village in Tutaki Rural District, in the Central District of Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tushi	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dalanówko (dalaˈnufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dalanówko	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Babki Oleckie (ˈbapki ɔˈlɛt͡skʲɛ) (German: Babken (Kirchspiel Marggrabowa), from 1938-45 Legenquell) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olecko, within Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Babki Oleckie	Gmina Olecko
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Phillips Covered Bridge is southeast of Montezuma, Indiana in Parke County, Indiana and crosses Rocky Run, also known as Big Pond Creek.	Phillips Covered Bridge	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boulder Municipal Airport (IATA: WBU, ICAO: KBDU, FAA LID: BDU) is a public airport located 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast of the central business district of Boulder, a city in Boulder County, Colorado, United States.	Boulder Municipal Airport	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Église Saint-François de Molitor is a Roman Catholic parish church in the Auteuil-Molitor quarter of the 16th arrondissement of Paris.	Saint-François de Molitor	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fo Tan (Chinese: 火炭) is an area of Sha Tin District, Hong Kong.	Fo Tan	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCracken Park is a multi-purpose stadium in Gosforth, Newcastle upon Tyne, England.	McCracken Park	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zgornje Koseze (pronounced (ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ kɔˈseːzɛ); German: Oberkoses) is a village in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia.	Zgornje Koseze	Moravče
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toms River Regional Schools is a comprehensive regional public school district primarily located in the quickly growing coastal community of Toms River, located in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States, along the state's Jersey Shore.	Toms River Regional Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rankins Springs is a small town in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia in Carrathool Shire and on the Mid-Western Highway.	Rankins Springs	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toirano (Ligurian: Tuiran) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Genoa and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Savona.	Toirano	Province of Savona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sylvania High School is a high school situated in the Sutherland Shire, in the South-East region of Sydney, New South Wales.	Sylvania High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	As with most STARadio stations the studio is in Quincy, but the transmitter is in Missouri, the KZZK transmitter is located in New London, Missouri.	KZZK	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hiti, or Hiti-rau-mea, is a small atoll of the Tuamotu Archipelago in French Polynesia.	Hiti	French Polynesia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duck Samford Stadium is a stadium in Auburn, Alabama.	Duck Samford Stadium	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bergen County Line (or Bergen Line) is a commuter rail line and service owned and operated by New Jersey Transit in the U.S. state of New Jersey.	Bergen County Line	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shuttleworth Collection is an aeronautical and automotive museum located at the Old Warden Aerodrome, Old Warden in Bedfordshire, England.	Shuttleworth Collection	Old Warden
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMBI-FM is a religious broadcasting station based in Spokane, Washington, the flagship of the Moody Radio Northwest network, serving Eastern Washington, Northeastern Oregon, Northern Idaho, Western Montana and Northwestern Wyoming, owned by the Moody Bible Institute.	KMBI-FM	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hausstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps, at an elevation of 3,158 m (10,361 ft) on the border between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden.	Hausstock	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gamprin is a municipality of Liechtenstein with 1635 inhabitants.	Gamprin	Liechtenstein
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ibicuí River (Portuguese, Rio Ibicuí) (Portuguese pronunciation: (ibikuˈi)) is a river in Rio Grande do Sul state of southern Brazil.	Ibicuí River	Rio Grande do Sul
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutter am Barenberge is a market town (Flecken) located in the Goslar district of Lower Saxony, Germany.	Lutter am Barenberge	Goslar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Modabad (Persian: مداباد‎, also Romanized as Modābād, Madābād, and Mudābād; also known as Ḩamedābād and Hamūdābād) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Modabad	Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bavinger House was completed in 1955 in Norman, Oklahoma, United States.	Bavinger House	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Giorgio De Chirico House Museum (Casa Museo di Giorgio de Chirico) is a house museum in the 16th century Palazzetto del Borgognoni at Piazza di Spagna 31 in Rome.	Giorgio De Chirico House Museum	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Lake Golf Club is a private golf club located approximately 5 miles east of downtown Atlanta, Georgia.	East Lake Golf Club	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château-Salins (German: Salzburg, from 1941-44 Salzburgen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Château-Salins	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edward Searle House is an historic stone ender in Cranston, Rhode Island in the village of Oaklawn.	Edward Searle House	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Dubowska (ˈvɔla duˈbɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łomazy, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wola Dubowska	Gmina Łomazy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fremont Peak Park is a half-acre (2,023 m²) park located in Seattle, Washington, located on a bluff in the Fremont neighborhood just south of N. 45th Street at 4357 Palatine Ave. N. It was opened to the public on November 10, 2007.	Fremont Peak Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goljar (Persian: گلجار‎, also Romanized as Goljār) is a village in Mishab-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Marand County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Goljar	Mishab-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker Octagon Barn is a historic barn located in Richfield Springs in Otsego County, New York.	Baker Octagon Barn	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nickell Homestead and Mill, also known as Mont Glenn Farm, is a historic home, grist mill, and national historic district located at Secondcreek, near Ronceverte, Monroe County, West Virginia.	Nickell Homestead and Mill	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeźnica Leśna (bʐɛʑˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niedźwiada, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Brzeźnica Leśna	Gmina Niedźwiada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Historic Blakeley State Park is a park located on the site of the former town of Blakeley in Baldwin County, Alabama on the Tensaw River delta.	Historic Blakeley State Park	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strath Haven High School is a four-year public high school in Wallingford, Delaware County, Pennsylvania serving the Township of Nether Providence and the Boroughs of Rose Valley, Rutledge, and Swarthmore, as well as the communities of South Media, Garden City, and sections of Morton.	Strath Haven High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sublett Range is a mountain range in the U.S. states of Idaho (~94%) and Utah (~6%), spanning Cassia, Oneida, and Power counties, Idaho and reaching into Box Elder County, Utah.	Sublett Range	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pedro Menendez High School is a public high school in the St. Johns County School District, located in southern St. Johns County, Florida (USA).	Pedro Menendez High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Mountain is the 17th highest mountain in Washington state.	Jack Mountain	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenside Memorial Hall often abbreviated ``Glenside Hall'' is a historic meeting hall located in the Philadelphia suburb of Glenside, Cheltenham Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.	Glenside Memorial Hall	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lirsiah-e Muzarm (Persian: ليرسياه موزرم‎, also Romanized as Līrsīāh-e Mūzarm) is a village in Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lirsiah-e Muzarm	Donbaleh Rud-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lido di Classe is a seaside resort on the Romagna Riviera and a frazione of the comune of Ravenna located north of Lido di Savio.	Lido di Classe	Ravenna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koboski (kɔˈbɔski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Piekuty, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Koboski	Gmina Nowe Piekuty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elyas-e Mahmud (Persian: الياس محمود‎, also Romanized as Elyās-e Maḩmūd; also known as Elyāsī-ye Maḩmūd) is a village in Dasht-e Zahab Rural District, in the Central District of Sarpol-e Zahab County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Elyas-e Mahmud	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Veelerveen (Dutch pronunciation: (ˌveːlərˈveːn)) is a linear village in the municipality of Bellingwedde in the Netherlands.	Veelerveen	Bellingwedde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haxby is a town and civil parish in the unitary authority of City of York, on the River Foss, five miles (8 km) north of York and south of Strensall, in North Yorkshire, England.	Haxby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar-e Nar (Persian: كنارنر‎, also Romanized as Konār-e Nar) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District, Aseminun District, Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konar-e Nar	Aseminun District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beacon Field Airport was an airport located in the Groveton area of Fairfax County, Virginia, from the 1920s until its closure in 1959.	Beacon Field Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Man Seyr (Persian: منثير‎, also Romanized as Man S̱eyr; also known as Manīzh, Man Sar, Mensar, Monīr, and Munnīr) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Man Seyr	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ngukurr Airport (IATA: RPM, ICAO: YNGU) is located in Roper River, Northern Territory, Australia, adjacent to the remote Aboriginal community of Ngukurr.	Ngukurr Airport	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warkentin House is a house in Newton, Kansas, United States.	Warkentin House	Newton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huron Bay is a long, narrow fjord 12.3 miles (19.8 km) miles long, located in Baraga County, Michigan, on the northern shore of the Upper Peninsula of the State of Michigan.	Huron Bay	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Hur (Persian: سرهور‎, also Romanized as Sar Hūr; also known as Sirhur) is a village in Gowharan Rural District, Gowharan District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar Hur	Gowharan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Free Trade Hall in Peter Street, Manchester, England, was a public hall constructed in 1853--56 on St Peter's Fields, the site of the Peterloo Massacre and is now a Radisson hotel.	Free Trade Hall	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Człuchów County (Polish: powiat człuchowski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Pomeranian Voivodeship, northern Poland.	Człuchów County	Pomeranian Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basići (Cyrillic: Басићи) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Basići	Čelinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howard Peters Rawlings Conservatory and Botanic Gardens of Baltimore, often known as the Baltimore Conservatory, is a historic conservatory and botanical garden located in Druid Hill Park at 3100 Swann Drive, Baltimore, Maryland.	Howard Peters Rawlings Conservatory and Botanic Gardens of Baltimore	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Burnett Highway is an inland rural highway located in Queensland, Australia.	Burnett Highway	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Tech High North County, also known as HTHNC, is a charter school located in San Marcos, California.	High Tech High North County	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norman No. 1 Oil Well Site is the site of an abandoned oil well, located at the Northeast corner of Mill and First Streets in Neodesha, Kansas, which was drilled on November 28, 1892.	Norman No. 1 Oil Well	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	American Fork Canyon is a canyon located in the Wasatch Mountains of Utah, United States.	American Fork Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gragnano Trebbiense is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Piacenza in the Italian region, Emilia-Romagna, located about 150 kilometres (93 mi) northwest of Bologna and about 11 kilometres (7 mi) southwest of Piacenza.	Gragnano Trebbiense	Province of Piacenza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ri Vari (Persian: ري وري‎, also Romanized as Rī Varī; also known as Rūbarī) is a village in Uraman Takht Rural District, Uraman District, Sarvabad County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Ri Vari	Uraman Takht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport (IATA: AMA, ICAO: KAMA, FAA LID: AMA) is a public airport six miles (10 km) east of downtown Amarillo, in Potter and Randall Counties, Texas, United States.	Rick Husband Amarillo International Airport	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharifabad Cultural Centre (Persian: سازمان كشت وصنعت شريف اباد‎ -- Sāzmān-e Kesht Vaṣnʿat Sharīfābād) is a cultural centre and village in Sharifabad Rural District, Mohammadiyeh District, Alborz County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Sharifabad Cultural Centre	Sharifabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wagga Wagga High School (commonly known as 'Wagga High' abbreviated WWHS) is a public secondary school in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, Australia.	Wagga Wagga High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beverley is a market town, civil parish and the county town of the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Beverley	East Riding of Yorkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riparius Bridge is a two lane truss bridge that carries New York State Route 8 across the Hudson River connecting Johnsburg, New York with Chester, New York.	Riparius Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brenton Arboretum 141 acres is an arboretum and public garden established in 1997, located at 25141 260th Street, Dallas Center, Iowa, USA.	Brenton Arboretum	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yatesville Lake State Park in Kentucky is a recreational facility in the eastern part of the commonwealth, close to the town of Louisa, Kentucky in Lawrence County.	Yatesville Lake State Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panther Swamp National Wildlife Refuge is one of seven refuges in the Theodore Roosevelt National Wildlife Refuge Complex in Mississippi.	Panther Swamp National Wildlife Refuge	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocre is a comune (municipality) and town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy.	Ocre	Province of L'Aquila
located in the administrative territorial entity	Costessey (/ˈkɒsi/ KOSS-ee) is a civil parish situated 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Norwich in Norfolk, England.	Costessey	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 19-mile Pemaquid River starts at Tobias Pond in Waldoboro (Latitude: 44.134167 N Longitude: 69.439444 W) and ends at Johns Bay, Bristol, Maine.	Pemaquid River	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomohon is a city in North Sulawesi Province (Sulawesi Utara), in central Indonesia.	Tomohon	North Sulawesi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campo nell'Elba is a comune (municipality) on the island of Elba, in the Province of Livorno in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about 140 kilometres (87 mi) southwest of Florence and about 90 kilometres (56 mi) south of Livorno.	Campo nell'Elba	Province of Livorno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alurak (Persian: الورك‎, also Romanized as Ālūrak) is a village in Doab Rural District, Bazoft District, Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Alurak	Doab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tippie College of Business at the University of Iowa, established as the College of Commerce in 1921, is one of the oldest and top ranked business schools in the United States.	Tippie College of Business	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Two Arts Plaza will be an 18-story skyscraper located at Routh Street and Spur 366 (Woodall Rodgers Freeway) in the Arts District of downtown Dallas, Texas (USA).	Two Arts Plaza	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sun Valley Opera House was built in 1937 in Sun Valley, Idaho, as a movie theater.	Sun Valley Opera House	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Fairfax Park is a park in Reston, Fairfax County, Virginia, USA owned and maintained by the Fairfax County Park Authority.	Lake Fairfax Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The General Jose de San Martin Memorial is an equestrian statue memorial of Argentine general and independence leader José de San Martín in Washington, D.C., United States.	General Jose de San Martin Memorial	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	Reiger Park is a coloured township situated in Boksburg in the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality, Gauteng, South Africa.	Reiger Park	Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nilagunda (Kannada ನೀಲಗುಂದ) is a village in Bagalkot district in Karnataka.	Nilagunda	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tezenj (Persian: طزنج‎, also Romanized as Ţezenj) is a village in Miankuh Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tezenj	Miankuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raven Ridge is a starkly visible sedimentary rock exposure located in Rio Blanco County, Colorado and Uintah County, Utah, USA.	Raven Ridge	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahid Beheshti Air Base (Persian: پادگان هوايي شهيد بهشتي‎ -- Pādegān Hevāyī Shahīd Beheshtī) is a village and air force base in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shahid Beheshti Air Base	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balones (Valencian and Spanish: (baˈlones)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Balones	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loveh (Persian: لوه‎) is a village in Qaravolan Rural District, Loveh District, Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Loveh	Qaravolan Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wancheng Township (Chinese: 万城乡) is a township-level division of Gaoyi County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Wancheng Township	Gaoyi County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Richmond Hill United Church, at 10201 Yonge Street, is a designated heritage building in the Town of Richmond Hill, Ontario.	Richmond Hill United Church	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brooks Seaplane Base (FAA LID: S76) is a city-owned, public-use seaplane base located in the city of Coeur d'Alene, Kootenai County, Idaho, United States.	Brooks Seaplane Base	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fritchie Marsh is an area encompassing 6,291 acres of intermediate and brackish marsh located approximately three miles to the southeast of Slidell, Louisiana, USA.	Fritchie Marsh	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bitlis Province (Turkish: Bitlis ili and Kurdish: Parêzgeha Peniyan‎) is a province of eastern Turkey, located to the west of Lake Van.	Bitlis Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mabel Dodge Luhan House, also known as Big House and St. Teresa House, is a house in Taos, New Mexico, United States.	Mabel Dodge Luhan House	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otter Creek Reservoir is a high alpine reservoir (elevation approximately 6,372 ft or 1,940 m) located in Piute County Utah, United States.	Otter Creek Reservoir	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Moonbi Range, a mountain range that is part of the Great Dividing Range, is located in the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales, Australia.	Moonbi Range	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszonki-Wypychy (vɨˈʂɔŋki vɨˈpɨxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Klukowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wyszonki-Wypychy	Gmina Klukowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thornton Ward Estate is a historic rural estate located at 1387 U.S. Route 40 south-southeast of Toledo, Illinois.	Thornton Ward Estate	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namju (Persian: نامجو‎‎, also Romanized as Nāmjū) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Namju	Kuhdasht-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tork Amir (Persian: ترك امير‎, also Romanized as Tork Amīr) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tork Amir	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zachary Community School Board is a school district in Zachary, Louisiana, United States.	Zachary Community School Board	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talensac (Breton: Talenseg, Gallo: Talanczac) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France.	Talensac	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newburgh Mall is a regional shopping center located on NY 300 in the Town of Newburgh, New York, near where Interstate 87 (the New York State Thruway) intersects with Interstate 84.	Newburgh Mall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Abdalluhab (Persian: كلاته عبدالوهاب‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye ʿAbdāllūhāb) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Abdalluhab	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niagara Mohawk Building is an art deco classic building in Syracuse, New York.	Niagara Mohawk Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Okkalapa Township (Burmese: တောင်ဥက္ကလာပ မြို့နယ် (tàʊɴ ʔoʊʔkəlàpa̰ mjo̰nɛ̀)) is located in the eastern part of Yangon.	South Okkalapa Township	Yangon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Midland Gate Shopping Centre in Midland is located approximately 15 km north-east of the Perth, Western Australia CBD and is the most eastern regional shopping centre of the Perth metropolitan area.	Midland Gate	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paoli Peaks is an alpine ski resort located in Paoli Township, Orange County, near Paoli, Indiana.	Paoli Peaks	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devils Postpile National Monument is located near Mammoth Mountain in extreme northeastern Madera County in eastern California.	Devils Postpile National Monument	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Briceville Community Church is a nondenominational church located in Briceville, Tennessee, United States.	Briceville Community Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gillespie Dam is a concrete gravity dam located on the Gila River between the towns of Buckeye and Gila Bend, Arizona.	Gillespie Dam	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 509 North Avenue in Wakefield, Massachusetts is a small Greek Revival cottage.	House at 509 North Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sammlung für Völkerkunde (German for Ethnological Collection) at the Institute of Cultural and Social Anthropology of the University of Göttingen is one of Germany's most important ethnological collections.	Sammlung für Völkerkunde	Göttingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Birchip was a local government area located about 170 kilometres (106 mi) northwest of Bendigo in northwestern Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Birchip	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	820 Fifth Avenue is a luxury cooperative in Manhattan, New York City, USA, located on Fifth Avenue at the Northeast corner of East 63rd Street on the Upper East Side.	820 Fifth Avenue	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liouguei District (Chinese: 六龜區; Hanyu Pinyin: Liùguī Qū; Tongyong Pinyin: Liòuguei Cyu; Wade--Giles: Liu4-kuei1 Ch'ü1) is a rural district of Kaohsiung City, Taiwan.	Liouguei District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brogborough is a village and civil parish in the Central Bedfordshire district of Bedfordshire, England, by junction 13 of the M1 motorway.	Brogborough	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shirazi-ye Vosta (Persian: شيرازي وسطي‎, also Romanized as Shīrāzī-ye Vosţá; also known as Shīrāzī-ye Babrī) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shirazi-ye Vosta	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szaciłówka (ʂat͡ɕiˈwufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Szaciłówka	Gmina Korycin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Place des Quinconces, located in Bordeaux, France, is one of the largest city squares in Europe (approximately 31 acres or 126,000 m²).	Place des Quinconces	Bordeaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Cocuy (Spanish pronunciation: (el koˈkui)) is a town and municipality in the Colombian Department of Boyacá, part of the sub-region of the Gutiérrez Province.	El Cocuy	Gutiérrez Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Regis Mohawk Reservation is a Mohawk Indian reservation in Franklin County, New York, United States.	St. Regis Mohawk Reservation	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz dal Fuorn (2,906 m) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps, overlooking Il Fuorn (east of Zernez) in the canton of Graubünden.	Piz dal Fuorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gronowo Górne-Osiedle (ɡrɔˈnɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ ɔˈɕɛdlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Elbląg, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gronowo Górne-Osiedle	Gmina Elbląg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Superior State Forest is a state forest in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.	Lake Superior State Forest	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYLL 1160 is a ``Christian Talk & Teaching'' radio station located in Chicago, Illinois and owned by Salem Communications.	WYLL	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Layou is a small town located on the island of Saint Vincent, in Saint Andrew Parish.	Layou	Saint Andrew Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radoniów (raˈdɔɲuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz, within Lwówek Śląski County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Radoniów	Gmina Lubomierz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qianshan District (simplified Chinese: 千山区; traditional Chinese: 千山區; pinyin: Qiānshān Qū; literally: ``Thousand Mountain'') is a district of Anshan City, Liaoning, People's Republic of China.	Qianshan District	Anshan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kohlian is a village in Sargodha District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan.	Kohlian	Sargodha District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evansburg railway station is on the Canadian National Railway mainline in Evansburg, Alberta, located at the east end of town near range road 75.	Evansburg railway station	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salyakoti (Persian: سلياكتي‎, also Romanized as Salyākotī) is a village in Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Salyakoti	Natel Kenar-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Savannah Union Station was a train station in Savannah, Georgia.	Savannah Union Station	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Log Inn is a family-style restaurant located in southeastern Johnson Township in Gibson County, Indiana.	The Log Inn	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eureka Municipal Auditorium is a 1,600-seat indoor multipurpose arena located in Eureka, California.	Eureka Municipal Auditorium	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Knoxville is the section of Knoxville, Tennessee, USA, that lies north of the city's downtown area.	North Knoxville	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gałkówka (ɡau̯ˈkufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Gałkówka	Gmina Miastkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Izabelów Mały (izaˈbɛluf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zduńska Wola, within Zduńska Wola County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Izabelów Mały	Gmina Zduńska Wola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crown of Thorns' Church (Chinese: 荊冕堂), located at 67 Texaco Road, is an Anglican church in Hong Kong.	Crown of Thorns' Church	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gmina Strzelno, Poland, is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Gmina Strzelno	Mogilno County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonkin Street (Chinese: 東京街) is a street between Sham Shui Po and Cheung Sha Wan of New Kowloon in Hong Kong.	Tonkin Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zakrsnica (Serbian: Закрсница) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zakrsnica	Višegrad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Anafon River, or Afon Anafon, is a river in Gwynedd, Wales, that flows into the Afon Aber.	Anafon River	Gwynedd
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tuszów Mały (ˈtuʂuf ˈmawɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszów Narodowy, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Tuszów Mały	Gmina Tuszów Narodowy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vellicode is a village located in Kanyakumari District of Tamil Nadu, India on National Highway 47 approximately 47 km south of Trivandrum (Nearest AirPort).	Vellicode	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malipo County (麻栗坡县; pinyin: Málìpō Xiàn) is located in Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Malipo County	Wenshan Zhuang and Miao Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caldonazzo (German: Kalnetsch, Galnetsch or Gollnatsch) is a comune in Valsugana, in Trentino, northern Italy.	Caldonazzo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evelynton Plantation is an estate located on the north bank of the James River in Charles City County, Virginia.	Evelynton Plantation	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedham is a hamlet 4 kilometres (2½ miles) east of Petworth in the Chichester District of West Sussex, England.	Bedham	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dalhousie Memorial Arena was a 1,280 seat multi-purpose arena in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.	Dalhousie Memorial Arena	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baddiley is a scattered settlement and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England.	Baddiley	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Big Canyon is a stretch of the Quesnel River in the Cariboo Country of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, near the city of the same name.	Big Canyon	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iona Abbey is located on the Isle of Iona, just off the Isle of Mull on the West Coast of Scotland.	Iona Abbey	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The American Radiator Building (since renamed to the American Standard Building) is a landmark skyscraper located at 40 West 40th Street, in midtown Manhattan, New York City.	American Radiator Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jikalaksheteh (Persian: جيكلاكشته‎, also Romanized as Jīkalāksheteh) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jikalaksheteh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nakhatrana ( pronunciation ) is a panchayat village and headquarters for a taluka in the middle of Kutch, Gujarat, in India.	Nakhatrana	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobowicko (bɔbɔˈvit͡skɔ) (formerly German Bobelwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzecz, within Międzyrzecz County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Bobowicko	Gmina Międzyrzecz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połęczyno (pɔwɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Połęczyno	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaleh Sarab (Persian: قلعه سراب‎, also Romanized as Qal``eh Sarāb) is a village in Jey Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 30, in 6 families.	Qaleh Sarab	Jey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lenape Trail is a trail connecting Newark, New Jersey with Roseland, New Jersey.	Lenape Trail	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamberlayne College for the Arts is the main secondary school in Weston, Southampton, providing education for around 900 boys and girls aged between 11 and 16.	Chamberlayne College for the Arts	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Voy is a settlement in the Orkney Islands of the north of Scotland.	Voy	Orkney Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salhakeh (Persian: صالحكه‎, also Romanized as Sālḥakeh) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Salhakeh	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linchmere, also often spelled Lynchmere, is village and a civil parish, the northernmost parish in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England.	Linchmere	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Vrain State Park, formerly known as Barbour Ponds is a Colorado state park.	St. Vrain State Park	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Powder Horn Mountain (PMH) is a gated residential/resort community in Triplett, Watauga County, North Carolina, located in the Blue Ridge Mountains.	Powder Horn Mountain	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baba Julan (Persian: بابا جولان‎, also Romanized as Bābā Jūlān and Bābājīlān) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Baba Julan	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Idstedt (Danish: Isted) is a village in Schleswig-Flensburg district in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	Idstedt	Schleswig-Flensburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bridge in Lykens Township No. 2 is a historic single span stone arch bridge spanning a tributary of Pine Creek at Lykens Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania.	Bridge in Lykens Township No. 2	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Henlopen Conference is a high school sports conference comprising public schools in Kent County and Sussex County in lower Delaware.	Henlopen Conference	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hruszów (ˈxruʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec, within Chełm County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Hruszów	Gmina Rejowiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarzeh-ye Charkan (Persian: سرزه چاركان‎, also Romanized as Sarzeh-ye Chārkān) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarzeh-ye Charkan	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flin Flon/Bakers Narrows Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CFF8), is located on the North Arm of Lake Athapapuskow in the community of Bakers Narrows, Manitoba, Canada.	Flin Flon/Bakers Narrows Water Aerodrome	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nanoor (also spelt Nanur, called Chandidas Nanoor), is a town with a police station in Bolpur subdivision of Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Nanoor	Birbhum district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sanctuary of Minerva is a temple of the Roman era, situated at Breno, in locality Spinera.	Sanctuary of Minerva	Breno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajji Mehdi (Persian: حاجي مهدي‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjī Mehdī) is a village in Bord Khun Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Hajji Mehdi	Bord Khun Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonowo (bɔˈnɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jutrosin, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Bonowo	Gmina Jutrosin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turfway Park is an American horse racing track located just outside the city limits to the north of Florence, Kentucky, about 10 miles (16 km) south of the Ohio River at Cincinnati.	Turfway Park	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazehabad-e Maran (Persian: تازه آباد مران‎, also Romanized as Tāzehābād-e Marān; also known as Tāzehābād) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Tazehabad-e Maran	Kani Shirin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qazi Mardan (Persian: قاضي مردان‎, also Romanized as Qāẕī Mardān and Qāzī Mardān; also known as Meymardān) is a village in Darbandrud Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Qazi Mardan	Darbandrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wełecz (ˈvɛwɛt͡ʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Busko-Zdrój, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wełecz	Gmina Busko-Zdrój
located in the administrative territorial entity	French Bar Creek Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located 60 kilometres north of Lillooet, British Columbia.	French Bar Creek Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brittain Dining Hall is the primary dining hall of East Campus at the Georgia Institute of Technology.	Brittain Dining Hall	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyon Street Bridge is a highway bridge that crosses the Willamette River in Albany, Oregon, United States.	Lyon Street Bridge	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Godar-e Namak (Persian: گدارنمك‎, also Romanized as Godār-e Namaḵ) is a village in Kulkani Rural District, Majin District, Darreh Shahr County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Godar-e Namak	Kulkani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spechtshorn is a village in the municipality of Hohne in the collective municipality of Lachendorf in Celle district, in the German state of Lower Saxony.	Spechtshorn	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bastille (French pronunciation: ​(bastij)) was a fortress in Paris, known formally as the Bastille Saint-Antoine.	Bastille	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spitali (Greek: Σπιτάλι) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus, located 1 km east of Paramytha.	Spitali	Limassol District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelavan-e Rudtalkh (Persian: كلاون رودتلخ‎, also Romanized as Kelāvan-e Rūdtalkh; also known as Kelāvan) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District, Bahmai-ye Garmsiri District, Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Kelavan-e Rudtalkh	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Redstone Coke Oven Historic District is located at the intersection of State Highway 133 and Chair Mountain Stables Road outside Redstone, Colorado, United States.	Redstone Coke Oven Historic District	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galuyak-e Sofla (Persian: گلويك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Galūyak-e Soflá; also known as Galūyak and Gelūyok-e Pā’īn) is a village in Nasrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Galuyak-e Sofla	Nasrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witoszyce (vitɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Heinzendorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra, within Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Witoszyce	Gmina Góra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kushk Dar (Persian: كوشكدر‎, also Romanized as Kūshḵ Dar and Kashk Dar) is a village in Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Kushk Dar	Rudbar-e Shahrestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinchingbrooke House in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire, was built around an 11th-century nunnery.	Hinchingbrooke House	Huntingdon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Limhamns kalkbrott (Limhamn limestone quarry) or Kalkbrottet (the limestone quarry) is situated near Malmö, in the Borough of Limhamn-Bunkeflo, Malmö Municipality, Skåne County, Sweden.	Limhamns kalkbrott	Malmö Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Island Lake Wilderness is a 5,856-acre (2,370 ha) remote protected area in the Munising Ranger District of the Hiawatha National Forest in the Upper Peninsula in the state of Michigan in the United States.	Big Island Lake Wilderness	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wenatchee School District #246 is a public school district of the State of Washington serving the city of Wenatchee and surrounding communities.	Wenatchee School District	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wet'n'Wild SplashTown is a water park located north of Houston in the Spring CDP of unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States.	Wet'n'Wild SplashTown	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łęczna County (Polish: powiat łęczyński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Lublin Voivodeship, eastern Poland.	Łęczna County	Lublin Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	KUBQ (98.7 FM, ``The Rock 98.7'') is a radio station licensed to serve La Grande, Oregon, in the United States of America.	KUBQ	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phalasia is a small town in Rajasthan, India, approximately 80 kilometers from Udaipur.	Phalasia	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korabiewice (kɔrabjɛˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Korabiewice	Gmina Puszcza Mariańska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mal-e Gavdan (Persian: مل گاودان‎, also Romanized as Mal-e Gāvdān, Malegāydān, and Mal Gāv Dān) is a village in Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Mal-e Gavdan	Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Sistan (Persian: تنگسيستان‎‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Sīstān) is a village in Jelogir Rural District, in the Central District of Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tang-e Sistan	Jelogir Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Naval Lodge Elks Building, also known as Naval Lodge No. 353 BPOE Temple was first envisioned on September 28, 1896 when the city leaders of Port Angeles, Washington met with members of the Navy to found Naval Lodge No. 353 of the Benevolent and Protective Order of Elks.	Naval Lodge Elks Building	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Takestan County (Persian: شهرستان تاکستان‎‎) is a county in Qazvin Province in Iran.	Takestan County	Qazvin Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safronka (saˈfrɔnka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Safronka	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Magstadt is a town in the German Federal state of Baden-Württemberg, in the district (Landkreis) Böblingen.	Magstadt	Böblingen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Looking Glass Rock is a pluton monolith in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina.	Looking Glass Rock	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cașin Church (Romanian: Biserica Cașin), sometimes referred to as Cașin Monastery (Mănăstirea Cașin), is a Romanian Orthodox church located in Bucharest, at a large intersection a block away from Arcul de Triumf.	Cașin Church	Bucharest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stancliffe Hall is a grade II Listed building on Whitworth Road in the settlement of Darley Dale, near Matlock, Derbyshire.	Stancliffe Hall	Darley Dale
located in the administrative territorial entity	WMXJ (102.7 FM, ``102.7 The Beach'') is a classic hits formatted radio station that broadcasts from Miami Gardens, Florida.	WMXJ	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ugley is a small village and civil parish in the non-metropolitan district of Uttlesford in Essex, England.	Ugley	Uttlesford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Established in 1967 by the County of Peterborough, Lang Pioneer Village Museum is a living history museum located in the hamlet of Lang in Peterborough County, Ontario.	Lang Pioneer Village Museum	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dąbrówka Pruska (dɔmˈbrufka ˈpruska) (German: Preußisch Damerau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie, within Sztum County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Dąbrówka Pruska	Gmina Mikołajki Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shoal Tower, originally known as Victoria Tower, is a Martello tower located in the harbour (Confederation Basin) of Kingston, Ontario, Canada, directly opposite Kingston City Hall.	Shoal Tower	Kingston
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garndiffaith is a village located in Torfaen, south east Wales.	Garndiffaith	Torfaen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hethersett is a large village and electoral ward in the county of Norfolk, England, about 6 miles (10 km) south-west of Norwich.	Hethersett	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Black Hawk State Park is a state park of Iowa, USA, in the town of Lake View.	Black Hawk State Park	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Palangi (Persian: مزرعه پلنگي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Palangī) is a village in Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District, Ala-e Marvdasht District, Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 47, in 11 families.	Mazraeh-ye Palangi	Ala-e Marvdasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claremont Municipal Airport (IATA: CNH, ICAO: KCNH, FAA LID: CNH) is a public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) west of the central business district of Claremont, a city in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.	Claremont Municipal Airport	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siavosh Kandi (Persian: سياوش كندي‎, also Romanized as Sīāvosh Kandī; also known as Sīāvosh) is a village in Ojarud-e Sharqi Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Siavosh Kandi	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaz Mohammad Beyk (Persian: عوض محمدبيك‎, also Romanized as ʿAvaẕ Moḩammad Beyk; also known as ʿAvaẕ Moḩammad Beyg) is a village in Dorungar Rural District, Now Khandan District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Avaz Mohammad Beyk	Dorungar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Denmar Correctional Center (DCC) is a state prison located near Hillsboro in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, USA.	Denmar Correctional Center	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puzhai Farm is a township enterprise located south of Puzhai Town in Fengshun County, Meizhou City, Guangdong Province, China.	Puzhai Farm	Fengshun County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Verdi Range is a mountain range in Sierra County, California, that rises to 7,667 feet (2,337 m) above sea level.	Verdi Range	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziećmarów (d͡ʑɛt͡ɕˈmaruv) is a village in Opole Voivodeship, Głubczyce County, Gmina Baborów.	Dziećmarów	Gmina Baborów
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYAL-FM (97.1 FM, ``The Sports Animal'') is a radio station licensed to serve Muskogee, Oklahoma.	KYAL-FM	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Our Lady of Guadaloupe Church is a historic church at 302 S. Kendrick in Flagstaff, Arizona, United States.	Our Lady of Guadaloupe Church	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kent-Meridian High School is a high school located in Kent, Washington, USA, and part of the Kent School District.	Kent-Meridian High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukoto is a township within the city of Kampala, Uganda's capital and largest metropolitan area.	Bukoto	Kampala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Posady (pɔˈsadɨ) (German: Palten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pieniężno, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Posady	Gmina Pieniężno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naseh Anjireh (Persian: نسه انجيره‎, also Romanized as Naseh Anjīreh) is a village in Rostam-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Naseh Anjireh	Rostam-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wels (German pronunciation: (vɛls)) is a city in Upper Austria, on the Traun River near Linz.	Wels	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ward's Bridge carries NY 17K across the Wallkill River at the western end of the village of Montgomery in Orange County, New York, USA.	Ward's Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotown is a music venue and a bar-restaurant in Rotterdam, Netherlands.	Rotown	Rotterdam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Noratus cemetery, also spelled Noraduz, (Armenian: Նորատուսի գերեզմանատուն) is a medieval cemetery with a large number of early khachkars located in the village of Noratus, Gegharkunik marz near Gavar and Lake Sevan, 90 km north of Yerevan.	Noratus cemetery	Noraduz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrenjan-e Otrak (Persian: مهرنجان اتراك‎, also Romanized as Mehrenjān-e Otrak; also known as Mehranjān and Mīrājān) is a village in Oshtorjan Rural District, in the Central District of Falavarjan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Mehrenjan-e Otrak	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goski-Pełki (ˈɡɔski ˈpɛu̯ki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Goski-Pełki	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand People's Study House is the central library located in the North Korean capital, Pyongyang.	Grand People's Study House	Pyongyang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashemak (Persian: هاشمك‎, also Romanized as Hāshemak) is a village in Jamabrud Rural District, in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Hashemak	Jamabrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turka Raion (Ukrainian: Турківський район) is a raion (administrative unit) in Lviv Oblast in western Ukraine.	Turka Raion	Lviv Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Radford Army Ammunition Plant (RFAAP) is an ammunitions manufacturing complex with facilities located in Pulaski and Montgomery Counties, Virginia.	Radford Army Ammunition Plant	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapaz (Persian: كپز‎) is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Kapaz	Anguran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Central Lüß Plateau Heathland (German: Heideflächen mittleres Lüßplateau) are a nature reserve within the Südheide Nature Park with a total area of about 293 hectares (720 acres).	Central Lüß Plateau Heathland	Südheide
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabostów-Bominy (ɡraˈbɔstuf bɔˈminɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grabostów-Bominy	Gmina Zelów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vee Bar Ranch Lodge was built in 1891 as the home of Lionel C.G. Sartoris, a prominent Wyoming rancher.	Vee Bar Ranch Lodge	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rural Municipality of Cartier is part of the Central Plains Region in the province of Manitoba, Canada.	Rural Municipality of Cartier	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacCallum More and Hudgins House Historic District is a pair of historic homes and national historic district located at Chase City, Mecklenburg County, Virginia.	MacCallum More and Hudgins House Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mesznary (mɛʂˈnarɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Mesznary	Gmina Wieruszów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Bal (Persian: ميان بال‎, also Romanized as Mīān Bāl) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District, Rudbast District, Babolsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Mian Bal	Khoshk Rud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Čegrane (Macedonian: Чегране; Albanian: Çegran) is a village in the Gostivar Municipality of the Republic of Macedonia.	Čegrane	Gostivar Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dęby Wolskie (ˈdɛmbɨ ˈvɔlskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rusiec, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dęby Wolskie	Gmina Rusiec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Southwest Waterfront is a residential neighborhood in Southwest Washington, D.C..	Southwest Waterfront	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clan Alpine Mountains are a mountain range located in west-central Nevada in the United States.	Clan Alpine Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Notman Bridge is a historic concrete arch bridge over the Ausable River at Keene Valley in Essex County, New York.	Notman Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zieluń (ˈʑeluɲ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubowidz, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Zieluń	Gmina Lubowidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First Baptist Church of Fairport is a historic Baptist church located at 94 South Main Street at Church Street in Fairport, Monroe County, New York.	First Baptist Church of Fairport	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wolterdingen is a municipality near Donaueschingen in the southern Black Forest of the Baden-Württemberg federal state in Germany, the site of a post World War II British sector displaced person camp.	Wolterdingen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac Beauchamp Park in Gatineau, Quebec, Canada is a large wooded park of 172 hectares built around a small lake in the middle of the suburban sprawl of the eastern part of the city.	Lac Beauchamp Park	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Royal Gorge fire was a forest fire that began south of the Royal Gorge Bridge near Canon City, Colorado at around 1:15 PM on June 11, 2013.	Royal Gorge fire	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Macheh Bon (Persian: مچه بن‎; also known as Haft Tan) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Macheh Bon	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sukhtegan (Persian: سوختگان‎, also Romanized as Sūkhtegān) is a village in Mardehek Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sukhtegan	Mardehek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fanagmore (Scottish Gaelic: An Fheannag Mhòr) is a hamlet in Sutherland, Highland, in far northwestern Scotland.	Fanagmore	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Phillip Island Nature Park (PINP) is a conservation park located on Phillip Island, Victoria, Australia.	Phillip Island Nature Park	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Chah Payab Chah Shatt (Persian: شهركچاه پاياب چاه شط‎, also Romanized as Shahraḵ-e Chāh Chāh Pāyāb Chāh Shatṭ; also known as Chāh Pāyāb and Chakpāi Āb) is a village in Shaskuh Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Chah Payab Chah Shatt	Shaskuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singeyer Pass (62°55′01``N 064°49′50''W) is a mountain pass on southern Baffin Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Singeyer Pass	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nomudar Kola (Persian: نموداركلا‎, also Romanized as Nomūdār Kolā; also known as Nomūr Kolā) is a village in Karipey Rural District, Lalehabad District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Nomudar Kola	Karipey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambler's Texaco Gas Station, also known as Becker's Marathon Gas Station, is a historic filling station located at the intersection of Old U.S. Route 66 and Illinois Route 17 in the village of Dwight, Illinois, United States.	Ambler's Texaco Gas Station	Dwight, Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Do Ziyarati (Persian: محمداباددوزيارتي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Do Zīyāratī and Moḩammadābād-e Dozīyārtaī) is a village in Nehzatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Do Ziyarati	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vatican Museums (Italian: Musei Vaticani) are the museums of the Vatican City and are located within the city's boundaries.	Vatican Museums	Vatican City
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Erie County Holding Center in Buffalo, New York is a pre-trial, maximum security, detention facility that serves Erie County.	Erie County Holding Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Atherton High School is a public school in the Highlands district of Louisville, Kentucky and is part of the Jefferson County Public School district.	Atherton High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Steptoe Butte is a quartzite island jutting out of the silty loess of the Palouse hills in Whitman County, Washington, in the northwest United States.	Steptoe Butte	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boone Station State Historic Site is 46-acre (190,000 m2) Kentucky State Historic Site on Boone's Creek near Athens in Fayette County, Kentucky, USA.	Boone Station	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calderwood Dam is a hydroelectric dam located along the Little Tennessee River in Blount and Monroe counties, in the U. S. state of Tennessee.	Calderwood Dam	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golda Och Academy is a private Jewish day school that offers secular and religious education for Jewish children from pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade at two campuses in West Orange in Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Golda Och Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harschenhöllenklippe is a rock formation in the Harz mountains in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Harschenhöllenklippe	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qavi Dalan (Persian: قوي دلان‎, also Romanized as Qavī Dalan) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qavi Dalan	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Blakenham is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.	Little Blakenham	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beasley Mounds Site (40SM43) (also known as the Dixon Springs Mound Site) is a Mississippian culture archaeological site located at the confluence of Dixon Creek and the Cumberland River near the unincorporated community of Dixon Springs in Smith County, Tennessee.	Beasley Mounds Site	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cass-Davenport Historic District is a historic district of apartment buildings in Detroit, Michigan, roughly bounded by Cass Avenue, Davenport Street, and Martin Luther King, Jr. Boulevard.	Cass-Davenport Historic District	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Dakota Highway 26 begins at an intersection with SD 47 in Hyde County and travels east for about seven miles before entering Hand County.	South Dakota Highway 26	Hyde County	Hand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trenwheal is a hamlet in the parish of Breage, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, and southeast of Leedstown.	Trenwheal	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadzab Village is in the Markham Valley, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea on the Highlands Highway.	Nadzab	Morobe Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anjirebus-e Sofla (Persian: انجيربوس سفلي‎, also Romanized as Anjīrebūs-e Soflá; also known as Anjīrbājsī, Anjīrebūs, and Anjīrebūs-e Bālā) is a village in Dasht-e Hor Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Anjirebus-e Sofla	Dasht-e Hor Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	North Sangamon United Presbyterian Church (also known as Indian Point United Presbyterian Church) is a historic Presbyterian church building in Athens, Illinois.	North Sangamon United Presbyterian Church	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Damaghrig (Persian: دماغ ريگ‎, also Romanized as Damāghrīg) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Damaghrig	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vancouver Centre (French: Vancouver-Centre) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia, Canada, that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1917.	Vancouver Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KXXF (105.3 FM) is a radio station licensed to the city of Winnie, Texas.	KXXF	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nimakidhani (also known as Neem Ki Dhani, Neemakidhani, and Devipura) is a village located in Ramgarh Shekhawati tehsil, Sikar district, within the Jaipur division, in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Nimakidhani	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	C. Lee Kenagy Park, or just Kenagy Park as it is also known as, is a City Park located in Raytown, Missouri, USA.	C. Lee Kenagy Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wojtokiemie (vɔi̯tɔˈkʲɛmjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Lithuania.	Wojtokiemie	Gmina Puńsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Summit Ski Area is a small ski park located on Mount Hood, alongside the Mount Hood Highway (U.S. Route 26) in Government Camp, Oregon.	Summit Ski Area	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gongzhuling (simplified Chinese: 公主岭; traditional Chinese: 公主嶺; pinyin: Gōngzhǔlǐng, literally ``Princess Ridge'') is a city in western Jilin province of Northeast China located halfway between Siping City and Changchun, along the main railway line in the Northeast.	Gongzhuling	Siping
located in the administrative territorial entity	Etterbeek (French: (ɛtəʁˈbek); Dutch: (ˈɛtərˌbeːk)) is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the Brussels-Capital Region of Belgium.	Etterbeek	Brussels-Capital Region
located in the administrative territorial entity	CoolSprings Galleria is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the Cool Springs commercial and residential corridor between Franklin and Brentwood, Tennessee, 15 miles (24 km) south of Nashville.	CoolSprings Galleria	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McAlester Scottish Rite Temple, also known as Masonic Temple or the McAlestor Consistory, is a building in McAlester, Oklahoma that was built in 1907 and 1928--1930.	McAlester Scottish Rite Temple	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Indian Castle Church is a historic mission church at Indian Castle in Herkimer County, New York.	Indian Castle Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Murtle River is a river in east-central British Columbia, Canada.	Murtle River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Railway Museum, in Solano County, California is located on Highway 12 between Rio Vista and Suisun.	Western Railway Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zaliabad (Persian: زالي آباد‎, also Romanized as Zālīābād) is a village in Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zaliabad	Mirbag-e Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Katherine's Historic District is located on the east side Davenport, Iowa, United States and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	St. Katherine's Historic District	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pojoaque Valley High School is the public high school in the Census-designated place of Jaconita, New Mexico.	Pojoaque Valley High School	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Batlim (Persian: بتليم‎, also Romanized as Batlīm) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Batlim	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janesville Ice Arena is an ice arena and skating center owned by the city of Janesville, Wisconsin.	Janesville Ice Arena	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koło County (Polish: powiat kolski) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Greater Poland Voivodeship, west-central Poland.	Koło County	Greater Poland Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Fork Arikaree River is a 50.1-mile-long (80.6 km) tributary of the Arikaree River in eastern Colorado.	North Fork Arikaree River	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ocean Reef Club Airport (IATA: OCA, FAA LID: 07FA) is a private-use airport located 1.15 miles (1.85 km) northeast of the central business district of the island of Key Largo in Monroe County, Florida, United States.	Ocean Reef Club Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Johnson Hall-Deseret Mercantile Building, located at 4 W. Main St. in Grantsville, Utah is a side-by-side pair of buildings dating from c.1890 and c.1898, that were connected together in 1953.	Johnson Hall-Deseret Mercantile Building	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quamichan Lake (Raven Field) Airport, (TC LID: CML2), is located 2.7 nautical miles (5.0 km; 3.1 mi) north northeast of Quamichan Lake, British Columbia, Canada.	Quamichan Lake (Raven Field) Airport	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llumeneres (Catalan pronunciation: (ʎuməˈneɾəs), locally: (ʎumeˈneɾes)) is a village in Andorra, located in the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria.	Llumeneres	Sant Julià de Lòria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church of Christ in LaRoche Township (also known as Academy Congregational Church) is a church on SD 50 in Academy, South Dakota.	Church of Christ in LaRoche Township	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waynesville-St. Robert Regional Airport (IATA: TBN, ICAO: KTBN, FAA LID: TBN), also known as Forney Field, is a public and military use airport located at Fort Leonard Wood in Pulaski County, Missouri, United States.	Waynesville-St. Robert Regional Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ambutrix (pronounced (ɑ̃.by.t̪ʁiks)) is a French commune in the Ain department in the Rhône-Alpes region of eastern France.	Ambutrix	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campbell Army Airfield (IATA: HOP, ICAO: KHOP, FAA LID: HOP) is a military airport at Fort Campbell, which is located near Hopkinsville, a city in Christian County, Kentucky, United States.	Campbell Army Airfield	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Revesby Heights, a suburb of local government area City of Bankstown, is 23 kilometres south-west of the Sydney central business district, in the state of New South Wales, Australia.	Revesby Heights	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Kal (Persian: ده كل‎; also known as Deh-e Gol) is a village in Shalil Rural District, Miankuh District, Ardal County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Deh-e Kal	Shalil Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Matador Ranch is an historic cattle ranch in Motley County, Texas, on the South Plains.	Matador Ranch	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goleši (Serbian Cyrillic: Голеши) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Goleši	Banja Luka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Manwal is a village located in Udhampur district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Manwal	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąsior (ˈɡɔ̃ɕɔr) (German: Gonschor) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane-Nida, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gąsior	Gmina Ruciane-Nida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jannum (Dutch: Janum) is a village in Ferwerderadiel in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Jannum	Ferwerderadiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chelabad (Persian: چل اباد‎, also Romanized as Chelābād) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Chelabad	Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Peoples Buffalo Jump State Park is a Montana state park in Cascade County, Montana in the United States.	First Peoples Buffalo Jump State Park	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congregational Church of West Stockbridge is an historic Congregational church building at 45 Main Street in West Stockbridge, Massachusetts.	Congregational Church of West Stockbridge	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Vali Mohammad, Zahedan (Persian: چاه ولی محمد‎) is a village in Shuru Rural District, in the Corrin of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Vali Mohammad, Zahedan	Shuru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worcester Preparatory School is an independent coeducational preparatory school in Berlin, Worcester County, Maryland in the United States.	Worcester Preparatory School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Our Father is a historic Episcopal church in Hulls Cove, a village of Bar Harbor, Maine.	Church of Our Father	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blakehurst High School is a public, co-educational, specialist Languages high school for years 7-12 located in Blakehurst, Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Blakehurst High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biggs Army Airfield, Biggs AAF, Biggs Field, or simply ``Biggs'' (IATA: BIF, ICAO: KBIF, FAA LID: BIF) is a military airport located at Fort Bliss in El Paso, El Paso County, Texas, in the United States.	Biggs Army Airfield	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neil Simon Theatre, formerly the Alvin Theatre, is a Broadway venue built in 1927 and located at 250 West 52nd Street in midtown-Manhattan.	Neil Simon Theatre	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hardington Mandeville is a village and civil parish in Somerset, England, situated 3 miles (4.8 km) south west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district.	Hardington Mandeville	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Başkale (Armenian: Ադամակերտ Adamakert; Kurdish: Elbak) is a town and district located in south-eastern Turkey in Van Province.	Başkale	Van
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Caldwell Block is a historic block on S. Main Street in Ipswich, Massachusetts.	Caldwell Block	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puthar is a village in Israna tehsil in Panipat district in Haryana, India.	Puthar	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Backwell is a rural village and civil parish in Somerset, England.	Backwell	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thunder Bay Art Gallery is Northwestern Ontario's primary art gallery specializing in the work of contemporary First Nations artists.	Thunder Bay Art Gallery	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karizdar (Persian: كاريزدر‎, also Romanized as Kārīzdar) is a village in Bam Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karizdar	Bam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rais Yahya (Persian: رييس يحيي‎, also Romanized as Ra’īs Yaḩyá; also known as Ra’īsī and Ra’īsī Yaḩyá) is a village in Sigar Rural District, in the Central District of Lamerd County, Fars Province, Iran.	Rais Yahya	Sigar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chipping Sodbury is a market town in the unitary authority of South Gloucestershire, south-west England, founded in the 12th century by William Crassus (or le Gros).	Chipping Sodbury	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elizabethton Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 0A9) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (4 km) east of the central business district of Elizabethton, a city in Carter County, Tennessee, United States.	Elizabethton Municipal Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tour Pey Berland, named for its patron Pey Berland, is located in Bordeaux at the Place Pey Berland next to Cathédrale Saint-André.	Tour Pey Berland	Bordeaux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cempaka Putih is a subdistrict of Central Jakarta, Indonesia.	Cempaka Putih	Central Jakarta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hikkaduwa is a small town on the south coast of Sri Lanka located in the Southern Province, about 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Galle and 98 km (61 mi) south of Colombo.	Hikkaduwa	Southern Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Săpânța (Romanian pronunciation: (səˈpɨnt͡sa); Hungarian: Szaplonca; Slovak: Sapunka; Yiddish: Spinka or Shpinka) is a commune in Maramureș County in northern Romania, 15 kilometers northwest of Sighet and just south of the Tisza River.	Săpânța	Maramureș County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plattsville (Lubitz Flying Field) Aerodrome (TC LID: CLB2) is an aerodrome located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) east of Plattsville, Ontario, Canada.	Plattsville (Lubitz Flying Field) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baraver (Persian: بار آور‎, also Romanized as Bārāver) is a village in Posht-e Arbaba Rural District, Alut District, Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Baraver	Posht-e Arbaba Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przytoczki (pʂɨˈtɔt͡ʂki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zabór, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Przytoczki	Gmina Zabór
located in the administrative territorial entity	Although named after the village of Soestdijk, which is largely in the municipality of Soest, the Soestdijk Palace is just north of the border in the municipality of Baarn in the province of Utrecht.	Soestdijk Palace	Baarn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nordborg (German: Norburg), is a town with a population of 6,191 (1 January 2014) and a former municipality (Danish, kommune) in Sønderborg Municipality, Region of Southern Denmark on the northwest half of the island of Als off the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark.	Nordborg	Sønderborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palazzo Lancia (Lancia Palace), also known as Grattacielo Lancia (Lancia Skyscraper), is a high-rise building located in the northern Italian city of Turin.	Palazzo Lancia	Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Canaveral is a cruise, cargo and naval port in Brevard County, Florida, United States.	Port Canaveral	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The historic Nelson County Jail in the Bardstown Historic District in Bardstown, Kentucky is a property on the National Register of Historic Places.	Nelson County Jail	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westquarter is a village in the Falkirk council area of Scotland.	Westquarter	Falkirk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eglinton Island an uninhabited island of the Canadian Arctic Archipelago in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	Eglinton Island	Northwest Territories
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Scott National Historic Site is a historical area under the control of the United States National Park Service in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States.	Fort Scott National Historic Site	Bourbon County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newspaper Rock State Historic Monument is a Utah state monument featuring a rock panel carved with one of the largest known collections of petroglyphs.	Newspaper Rock State Historic Monument	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safaj Khani (Persian: سفج خاني‎, also Romanized as Safaj Khānī) is a village in Bala Taleqan Rural District, in the Central District of Taleqan County, Alborz Province, Iran.	Safaj Khani	Bala Taleqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KEBN 94.3 FM, Garden Grove, California, KBUE 105.5 FM, Long Beach, California and KBUA 94.3 FM, San Fernando, California are a trimulcast comprising Que Buena 105.5/94.3 FM, a Spanish language regional Mexican music station owned by Liberman Broadcasting.	KEBN	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. John and Viola Phillips House and Office, at S. 337 Spokane Ave. in Newport, Washington, is a historic house built in 1914.	Dr. John and Viola Phillips House and Office	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rangarj Mahalleh (Persian: رنگرج محله‎, also Romanized as Rangarj Maḩalleh) is a village in Khaleh Sara Rural District, Asalem District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Rangarj Mahalleh	Khaleh Sara Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Derby-West Kimberley is one of four local government areas in the Kimberley Region of northern Western Australia, covering an area of 104,080 square kilometres (40,186 sq mi), most of which is sparsely populated.	Shire of Derby-West Kimberley	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monarto Zoological Park (also known as the Monarto Zoo) is a zoo located in South Australia which is administered by the Royal Zoological Society of South Australia Incorporated (trading as Zoos SA).	Monarto Zoo	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olds-Didsbury was a provincial electoral district in central southern Alberta, Canada.	Olds-Didsbury	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blekinge County (Blekinge län) is a county or län in the south of Sweden.	Blekinge County	Sweden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kunani District (Persian: بخش کونانی‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Kunani District	Lorestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełczewice Pierwsze (kʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżewice, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kiełczewice Pierwsze	Gmina Strzyżewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ketugram I (community development block) (Bengali: কেতুগ্রাম I সমষ্টি উন্নয়ন ব্লক) is an administrative division in Katwa subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Ketugram I (community development block)	Bardhaman district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qixia District (simplified Chinese: 栖霞区; traditional Chinese: 棲霞區; pinyin: Qīxiá qū or Xīxiá qū) is one of 11 districts of Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province, China, straddling both sides of the Yangtze River.	Qixia District	Nanjing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wilma H. Schiermeier Olentangy River Wetland Research Park is an experimental wetland complex located adjacent to the campus of The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio, USA and is part of the School of Environment and Natural Resources at the university.	Olentangy River Wetland Research Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Montbarey is a fortified stronghold, built between 1777 and 1784, to the west of Brest.	Fort Montbarey	Brest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Momocicha (mɔmɔˈt͡ɕixa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radoszyce, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Momocicha	Gmina Radoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkahnan-e Davari (Persian: سركهنان داورئ‎, also Romanized as Sarkahnān-e Dāvarī) is a village in Dar Pahn Rural District, Senderk District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sarkahnan-e Davari	Dar Pahn Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ranney School is an independent coeducational, college preparatory day school for students from age 3 (Beginners) through twelfth grade located in Tinton Falls, in Monmouth County, New Jersey.	Ranney School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frywałd (ˈfrɨvau̯t) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice, within Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Frywałd	Gmina Krzeszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Monica Airport (IATA: SMO, ICAO: KSMO, FAA LID: SMO) (Santa Monica Municipal Airport) is a general aviation airport largely in Santa Monica, California.	Santa Monica Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Incheon (Hangul: 인천; hanja: 仁川; Korean pronunciation: (intɕʰʌn); formerly romanized as Inchon; literally ``kind river''), officially the Incheon Metropolitan City, is a city located in northwestern South Korea, bordering Seoul and Gyeonggi to the east.	Incheon	South Korea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Genoa River is a perennial river located in the Monaro region of New South Wales and flows into the East Gippsland region of Victoria in Australia.	Genoa River	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zion Nuclear Power Station was the third dual-reactor nuclear power plant in the Commonwealth Edison (ComEd) network and served Chicago and the northern quarter of Illinois.	Zion Nuclear Power Station	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dastgerd (Persian: دستگرد‎, also Romanized as Dastgird and Dastjerd) is a city in the Central District of Borkhar County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Dastgerd	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darqadam (Persian: درقدم‎‎, also Romanized as Dar Qadam; also known as Rowfekeh) is a village in Khavashod Rural District, Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darqadam	Khavashod Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Knight Street Bridge is a cantilever bridge which spans the North Arm of the Fraser River in British Columbia, connecting Vancouver and Richmond, and serving as a feeder route for Highways 91 and 99 to its south.	Knight Street Bridge	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aizkraukle (German: Ascheraden) is a town in Vidzeme region in Latvia, the administrative centre of Aizkraukle Municipality on the right bank of the Daugava River.	Aizkraukle	Latvia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sacramento Valley National Cemetery is a 561 acres (227 ha) United States National Cemetery located about 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Dixon, Solano County, California.	Sacramento Valley National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kruszyńska (ˈvɔla kruˈʂɨɲska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bełchatów, within Bełchatów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Kruszyńska	Gmina Bełchatów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Ja (Persian: چه جا‎, also Romanized as Chah-e Jā; also known as Chajā, Chojū, and Khajū) is a village in Estarabad Rural District, Kamalan District, Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Ja	Estarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bramham Island is an island in the Queen Charlotte Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north side of the entrance to that strait.	Bramham Island	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olivet United Methodist Church, Parsonage and School is a historic church in Riversburg, Tennessee.	Olivet United Methodist Church, Parsonage and School	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plainfaing is a commune in the Vosges department in Lorraine in northeastern France.	Plainfaing	Vosges
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pioneer Yosemite History Center is an assembled collection of historic buildings from Yosemite National Park that is located in Wawona, California.	Pioneer Yosemite History Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Panoli (Gujarati: પાનૉલી; Devnagri: पानोली) is a village in the Ankleshwar Tehsil of Bharuch district in the Indian state of Gujarat.	Panoli	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hailing District (simplified Chinese: 海陵区; traditional Chinese: 海陵區; pinyin: Hǎilíng Qū; literally: ``sea hill'') is one of three districts of Taizhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Hailing District	Taizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chenarud District (Persian: بخش چنارود‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Chadegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chenarud District	Isfahan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harkatta is a village in Nawalparasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal..	Harkatta	Nawalparasi District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scollard Formation is an Upper Cretaceous to lower Palaeocene stratigraphic unit of the Western Canada Sedimentary Basin in southwestern Alberta.	Scollard Formation	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Valley Airport (FAA LID: L94) is a privately owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (4 km) southeast of the central business district of Tehachapi, in Kern County, California, United States.	Mountain Valley Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arba Vijaya is a very old residential area in Pokhara sub-metropolitan city in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal.	Arba Vijaya	Kaski District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podolsk (Russian: Подольск; IPA: (pɐˈdolʲsk)) is an industrial city of Moscow Oblast, Russia, located on the Pakhra River (a tributary of the Moskva River).	Podolsk	Moscow Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wollner Building is a historic commercial building located at Lewistown, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania, on Monument Square across from the Mifflin County Courthouse.	Wollner Building	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalawade is a village situated in Karad Tehsil and located in the Satara District of Maharashtra.	Kalawade	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Piety Corner Historic District encompasses one of the oldest settled areas of Waltham, Massachusetts.	Piety Corner Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pierson Farm near York, North Dakota is a farm that was developed in 1923.	Pierson Farm	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDEE-FM (97.3 FM, ``Sunny 97.3'') is a radio station licensed to Reed City, Michigan, with studios in Big Rapids.	WDEE-FM	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longa Island (Gaelic: Longa) is a small uninhabited island at the mouth of Gairloch on the west coast of Scotland.	Longa Island	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXCS-LP is an independent, non-commercial radio station in Cambridge Springs, Pennsylvania.	WXCS-LP	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Boguszyn (ˈnɔvɨ bɔˈɡuʂɨn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowy Boguszyn	Gmina Czerwińsk nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	Strawberry Hill Nature Preserve and Environmental Center is a non-profit environmental education and conservation organization located on 609 acres (2.46 km2) in the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains of south-central Pennsylvania in Fairfield, Pennsylvania.	Strawberry Hill Nature Preserve	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otter Nelson River School is an elementary and high school located at Cross Lake, Manitoba, at the south end of the community.	Otter Nelson River School	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Lake Stake Tabernacle, situated on main street in Paris, Idaho, is a Romanesque red sandstone meetinghouse of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints designed by Joseph Don Carlos Young.	Bear Lake Stake Tabernacle	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gavrah Zakar (Persian: گاورزكار‎, also Romanized as Gāvrah Zaḵār) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gavrah Zakar	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hidrolina is a municipality in north-central Goiás, Brazil.	Hidrolina	Goiás
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieloborowice (vjɛlɔbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłów, within Starachowice County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Wieloborowice	Gmina Pawłów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sachigo River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.	Sachigo River	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rockefeller University is located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, between 63rd and 68th Streets along York Avenue.	Rockefeller University	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sycamore Shoals of the Watauga River, usually shortened to Sycamore Shoals, is a rocky stretch of river rapids along the Watauga River in Elizabethton, Tennessee.	Sycamore Shoals	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Włoczewo (vwɔˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Włoczewo	Gmina Stara Biała
located in the administrative territorial entity	Risplith is a village and civil parish in the Harrogate district of North Yorkshire, England.	Risplith	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Withycombe, located in Clackamas County, Oregon, United States, was originally established as Camp Benson after Governor Frank W. Benson, but was later renamed Camp Withycombe during World War I for Governor James Withycombe.	Camp Withycombe	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	WAIF (88.3 FM) is a community radio station licensed to Cincinnati, Ohio.	WAIF	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Katul Rural District (Persian: دهستان كتول‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Aliabad County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Katul Rural District	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodham Ferrers is a small village about 7.5 miles (12 km) southeast of Chelmsford, located between South Woodham Ferrers and Bicknacre in the county of Essex, England.	Woodham Ferrers	Essex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Presque Isle (also Fort de la Presqu'île) was a fort built by French soldiers in summer 1753 along Presque Isle Bay at present-day Erie, Pennsylvania, to protect the northern terminus of the Venango Path.	Fort Presque Isle	Erie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Waychinicup National Park is in Western Australia, 404 kilometres (251 mi) southeast of Perth and 65 kilometres (40 mi) east of Albany.	Waychinicup National Park	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Officer railway station is located on the Pakenham line in Victoria, Australia.	Officer railway station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pulsze (ˈpulʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Pulsze	Gmina Wyszki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Villa District, also known as Villa Historic District, (Polish: Polskie Wille) is a historic district in Chicago, Illinois, USA.	Villa District	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Saints, Camden Town, is a church in the Camden Town area of London, England.	All Saints, Camden Town	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	City Honors School at Fosdick-Masten Park, known colloquially as City Honors, or CHS, is a college preparatory school in Buffalo, New York.	City Honors School	Buffalo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Timbarra Gold Mine was a highly controversial gold mine located on the Timbarra Plateau, at the head waters of the Clarence River, near Tenterfield, New South Wales, Australia.	Timbarra Gold Mine	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borza-Strumiany (ˈbɔʐa struˈmjanɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gzy, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Borza-Strumiany	Gmina Gzy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khavashod Rural District (Persian: دهستان خواشد‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Rud Ab District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khavashod Rural District	Rud Ab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KNBU (89.7 FM) is a non-profit educational radio station licensed to Baldwin City, Kansas, USA.	KNBU	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angelroda is a municipality in the district Ilm-Kreis, in Thuringia, Germany founded in 958.	Angelroda	Ilm-Kreis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolenji Suhadol (pronounced (dɔˈleːnji suxaˈdoːu̯) or (dɔˈleːnji suˈxaːdɔu̯)) is a settlement in the hills east of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenji Suhadol	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wirkowice Pierwsze (virkɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Izbica, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wirkowice Pierwsze	Gmina Izbica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falciano del Massico is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania.	Falciano del Massico	Province of Caserta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukówki (buˈkufki) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Studzienice, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bukówki	Gmina Studzienice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Birkrigg stone circle (also known as the Druid's Temple or Druids' Circle) is a Bronze Age stone circle two miles south of Ulverston in the English county of Cumbria.	Birkrigg stone circle	Ulverston
located in the administrative territorial entity	World College West was an undergraduate liberal arts college in Marin County, California.	World College West	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Béning-lès-Saint-Avold (German: Beningen (bei Sankt Avold)) is a commune in the Moselle department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Béning-lès-Saint-Avold	Moselle
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cluster Islands are islands on the Ohio River in Hancock County, West Virginia.	Cluster Islands	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białogarda (bjawɔˈɡarda) (Kashubian: Biôłogarda, German: Belgard an der Leba) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko, within Lębork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Białogarda	Gmina Wicko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elkins Milling Company, also known as Darden's Mill, is a historic grist mill located at Elkins, Randolph County, West Virginia.	Elkins Milling Company	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yeylaqi-ye Darestan (Persian: ييلاقي دارستان‎, also Romanized as Yeylāqī-ye Dārestān; also known as Darastan, Dārestān, and Yeylāq-e Darestān) is a village in Rostamabad-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Yeylaqi-ye Darestan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bryan Whitfield Herring Farm is a historic plantation house located near Calypso, Duplin County, North Carolina.	Bryan Whitfield Herring Farm	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyadovtsi (Bulgarian: Дядовци) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.	Dyadovtsi	Ardino Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meerhoven is a city quarter in the Dutch city of Eindhoven.	Meerhoven	Eindhoven
located in the administrative territorial entity	Antarashat (Armenian: Անտառաշատ, also Romanized as Antarrashat; formerly, Tort’in, Tort’n, Tortni, Dort’ni, and Torini) is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Antarashat	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sans Souci Ferry is a cable ferry located on the Cashie River in Bertie County, North Carolina.	Sans Souci Ferry	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chersaneh (Persian: چرسانه‎, also Romanized as Chersāneh) is a village in Zhavehrud Rural District, in the Central District of Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Chersaneh	Zhavehrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornelia Fort Airpark (FAA LID: M88) was a privately owned, public-use airport located five nautical miles (9 km) northeast of the central business district of Nashville, in Davidson County, Tennessee, United States.	Cornelia Fort Airpark	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Endbach is the westernmost municipality in Marburg-Biedenkopf district of the state of Hesse in Germany, and borders on the Lahn-Dill district.	Bad Endbach	Marburg-Biedenkopf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Valentine Theatre is located in the downtown district of Toledo, Ohio at the corner of Superior and Adams Streets.	Valentine Theatre	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The County of Grande Prairie No. 1 is a municipal district in northwestern Alberta, Canada in Census Division No. 19.	County of Grande Prairie No. 1	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williams Arena at Minges Coliseum is multi-purpose arena in Greenville, North Carolina, USA.	Williams Arena at Minges Coliseum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The M&T Bank Building, also known as the First Maryland Building and formerly the First National Bank Of Maryland, is a commercial high-rise in Baltimore, Maryland.	M&T Bank Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	High Point Christian Academy (HPCA) is a private school in High Point, North Carolina, United States serving students in preschool (2-, 3-, and 4-year olds) through twelfth grade.	High Point Christian Academy	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohev Sholom Temple, now known as B'Nai Sholom Congregation, is an historic synagogue located at 949 10th Avenue in Huntington, Cabell County, West Virginia.	Ohev Sholom Temple	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szlachecki Las (ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ˈlas) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przyłęk, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Szlachecki Las	Gmina Przyłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge is a 2,088-acre (8.45 km2) National Wildlife Refuge situated along the banks of the Rio Grande, south of Alamo in the Lower Rio Grande Valley, in Hidalgo County, South Texas.	Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oak Hill School (OHS) is a K-12 independent school in Eugene, Oregon, United States.	Oak Hill School	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pirámide de Mayo (Spanish pronunciation: (piˈɾamiðe ðe ˈmaʝo); English: May Pyramid), located at the hub of the Plaza de Mayo, is the oldest national monument in the City of Buenos Aires.	Pirámide de Mayo	Buenos Aires
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Gatos Creek Park is a county park in Campbell, California, a town that is bisected by the Los Gatos Creek.	Los Gatos Creek Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Jolla Country Day School (known informally as ``Country Day'' or ``LJCDS'') is an independent school La Jolla, a community of San Diego, California.	La Jolla Country Day School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oratorio dei Filippini (Oratory of Saint Phillip Neri) is a building located in Rome and erected between 1637 and 1650 under the supervision of architect Francesco Borromini.	Oratorio dei Filippini	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	W. H. 'Bud' Barron Airport (IATA: DBN, ICAO: KDBN, FAA LID: DBN) is a county-owned public-use airport in Laurens County, Georgia, United States.	W. H. 'Bud' Barron Airport	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lysets (Ukrainian: Лисець; Polish: Łysiec) is an urban-type settlement in (Tysmenytsia Raion)) of Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast, located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the oblast capital Ivano-Frankivsk.	Lysets	Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boiska (ˈbɔiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec nad Wisłą, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Boiska	Gmina Solec nad Wisłą
located in the administrative territorial entity	The YWCA Youngstown, located at 25 West Rayen Avenue in Youngstown, Ohio, is an historic building built in 1911 for members of the Young Women's Christian Association.	YWCA Youngstown	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stradomia Wierzchnia (straˈdɔmʲa ˈvʲɛʂxɲa) (German: Ober Stradam) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Syców, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Stradomia Wierzchnia	Gmina Syców
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cache Creek landfill is a landfill in British Columbia, Canada.	Cache Creek landfill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutrów (ˈdutruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Telatyn, within Tomaszów Lubelski County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dutrów	Gmina Telatyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kagasht is a village in Mangalwedha Taluka in Solapur District of Maharashtra State, in India.	Kagasht	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rollway Lake (also, Murphey Lake, Murphy Lake, and Stony Lake) is a lake located in Beaver Township and Denver Township in Newaygo County, Michigan.	Rollway Lake	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kidd Brewer Stadium is located in Boone in the U.S. state of North Carolina and is Appalachian State University's (ASU) 24,050-seat multi-purpose stadium.	Kidd Brewer Stadium	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przedświt (ˈpʂɛtɕfit) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsewo, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Przedświt	Gmina Wąsewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aija District is one of 5 districts in Aija Province, Ancash Region, Peru.	Aija District	Aija Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holtville High School in Elmore County, Alabama serves grades 9-12 and is part of the Elmore County School System.	Holtville High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The King Leopold Ranges are a range of hills in the western Kimberley region of Western Australia.	King Leopold Ranges	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Robert E. Lee Boyhood Home is an historic house at 607 Oronoco Street, Alexandria, Virginia.	Robert E. Lee Boyhood Home	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bagby Stationhouse, Water Tanks and Turntable are associated with the Yosemite Valley Railroad (YVRR), which ran from Merced, California to El Portal at the entrance to Yosemite National Park.	Bagby Stationhouse, Water Tanks and Turntable	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Do Ab (Persian: بالادواب‎, also Romanized as Bālā Do Āb; also known as Do Āb, Dow Āb, Duab, Lā Do Āb, and Rovāt Sar) is a village in Rastupey Rural District, in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Do Ab	Rastupey Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haibei Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture (Chinese: 海北藏族自治州; Tibetan: མཚོ་བྱང་བོད་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་) is an autonomous prefecture of northeastern Qinghai province, People's Republic of China.	Haibei Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture	Qinghai
located in the administrative territorial entity	The James Baxter House is a historic residence in the village of Amberley, Ohio, United States, near Cincinnati.	James Baxter House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seh Kahur (Persian: سه كهور‎, also Romanized as Seh Kahūr) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Seh Kahur	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rančířov (Czech pronunciation: (ˈraɲtʃiːr̝of)) is a village and municipality (obec) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Rančířov	Jihlava District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurmik (Persian: قورميك‎, also Romanized as Qūrmīk) is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qurmik	Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tavastia Proper (Finnish: Kanta-Häme; Swedish: Egentliga Tavastland) is a region (maakunta / landskap) of Finland.	Tavastia Proper	Finland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clare Town Hall, also known as Town of Clare Museum, is a historic town hall building located at Clare in St. Lawrence County, New York.	Clare Town Hall	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanarkshire, also called the County of Lanark (Scottish Gaelic: Siorrachd Lannraig, Scots: Lanrikshire) is a historic county in the central Lowlands of Scotland.	Lanarkshire	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oatlands Railway was a short branch of the Main Line from Launceston to Hobart in Tasmania, which was built to give rail access to the town of Oatlands.	Oatlands Railway	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srebrniki (srɛbrˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie, within Golub-Dobrzyń County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Srebrniki	Gmina Kowalewo Pomorskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Page-Gilbert House is a historic home in the Hyde Park Historic District in Austin, Texas.	Page-Gilbert House	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dagenham Dock is a place in the London Borough of Barking and Dagenham in London, England.	Dagenham Dock	London Borough of Barking and Dagenham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cole's Hill is a National Historic Landmark containing the first cemetery used by the Mayflower Pilgrims in Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1620.	Cole's Hill	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saipeta is the biggest village in Kondapuram mandal in Sri Potti Sriramulu Nellore district on the East Coast of India in the state of Andhra Pradesh on NH 5 (Highway).	Saipeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gasunie Building is one of the most famous buildings in Groningen.	Gasunie Building	Groningen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osowiec-Twierdza (ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, in Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Osowiec-Twierdza	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sajar (Persian: سجار‎, also Romanized as Sajār) is a village in Zanus Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sajar	Zanus Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minidoka National Forest was established in Idaho and Utah on July 1, 1908 with 736,407 acres (2,980.13 km2) from consolidation of Cassia National Forest and Raft River National Forest, primarily in Idaho.	Minidoka National Forest	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buzza Company Building in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States, is a building listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2012.	Buzza Company Building	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchill Airport (IATA: YYQ, ICAO: CYYQ) is located 3 nautical miles (5.6 km; 3.5 mi) east southeast of Churchill, Manitoba, Canada.	Churchill Airport	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shadmehr (Persian: شادمهر‎; also Romanized as Shādmehr; also known as Shādmir and Shalimar) is a city in and capital of Shadmehr District, in Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shadmehr	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahnuj-e Damaneh (Persian: كهنوج دامنه‎, also Romanized as Kahnūj-e Dāmaneh; also known as Kahnūj) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahnuj-e Damaneh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qujur-e Olya (Persian: قوجورعليا‎, also Romanized as Qūjūr-e ``Olyā) is a village in Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 14 families.	Qujur-e Olya	Charuymaq-e Markazi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mar de Ajó is a coastal city in Buenos Aires Province, Argentina, and is located in the southern end of the seaside La Costa Partido (district).	Mar de Ajó	La Costa Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neysa Chah (Persian: نيساچاه‎, also Romanized as Neysā Chāh; also known as Nesā Chāh) is a village in Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District, Khoshk-e Bijar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Neysa Chah	Nowsher-e Koshk-e Bijar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frosses (Irish: Na Frosa) is a small village in County Donegal, Ireland.	Frosses	County Donegal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pelt-e Kalleh Sar (Persian: پلطكله سر‎, also Romanized as Pelţ-e Kalleh Sar; also known as Pelt-e Kalleh Sarā) is a village in Siahkalrud Rural District, Chaboksar District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Pelt-e Kalleh Sar	Siahkalrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siah Larz (Persian: سياه لرز‎, also Romanized as Sīāh Larz) is a village in Yeylaqi-ye Ardeh Rural District, Pareh Sar District, Rezvanshahr County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Siah Larz	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoylake is a seaside town within the Metropolitan Borough of Wirral, Merseyside, England.	Hoylake	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Zehi (Persian: محمدزهي‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Zehī; also known as Moḩammad Zā’ī and Moḩammadzī) is a village in Polan Rural District, Polan District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Mohammad Zehi	Polan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum located on the shore of Lake Erie in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States.	Rock and Roll Hall of Fame	Cleveland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Budy-Strzyże (ˈbudɨ ˈstʂɨʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Budy-Strzyże	Gmina Mszczonów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Oshawa Civic Auditorium was a 3,625--seat (4,025 standing) multi-purpose arena in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada.	Oshawa Civic Auditorium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Bar (Persian: بربر‎) is a village in Hakimabad Rural District, in the Central District of Zarandieh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Bar Bar	Hakimabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naravoor Para, is a small village near Kuthuparamba in the Kannur District of Kerala, India.	Naravoor Para	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sredna is a former village in Gotse Delchev Municipality, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.	Sredna	Gotse Delchev Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jambi City is the most populated city in Jambi Province, with 17% of the province's population living in this city.	Jambi City	Jambi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skewen (Welsh: Sgiwen) is a village within the county borough of Neath Port Talbot, in Wales.	Skewen	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jack Kerouac House is a national historic site located at 1418 Clouser Avenue, Orlando, Florida in Orange County.	Jack Kerouac House	Orlando
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hinton Martell (also known as Hinton Martel) is a village in the county of Dorset in southern England.	Hinton Martell	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Khasi (Persian: دره خصي‎, also Romanized as Darreh Khasī) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Khasi	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stark Museum of Art, in Orange, Texas, houses one of the nation's most significant collections of American Western art. The Western Art collection conveys the artistic interpretation of the western region over two centuries.	Stark Museum of Art	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Comedy Cellar is a comedy club in Manhattan, where many top New York comedians perform.	Comedy Cellar	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Broughton House is an 18th-century town house standing at No 12, the High Street, Kirkcudbright, Scotland.	Broughton House	Kirkcudbright
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Nansemond National Wildlife Refuge is a National Wildlife Refuge of the United States located along the Nansemond River in Suffolk, Virginia.	Nansemond National Wildlife Refuge	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lamar Boulevard Bridge is a historic bridge carrying Texas State Highway Loop 343 (Lamar Boulevard) over Lady Bird Lake in downtown Austin, Texas, United States.	Lamar Boulevard Bridge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	NASA Crows Landing Airport (IATA: NRC, ICAO: KNRC, FAA LID: NRC) is a private use airport that is owned by the NASA Ames Research Center, 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) northeast of the central business district of Crows Landing, in Stanislaus County, California.	NASA Crows Landing Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Shomali (Persian: شهرك شمالي‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Shomālī) is a village in Efzar Rural District, Efzar District, Qir and Karzin County, Fars Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Shomali	Efzar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brewster Gardens (aka Elder Brewster Gardens) is a park in Plymouth, Massachusetts, located in the center of town.	Brewster Gardens	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paluchów (paˈluxuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Paluchów	Gmina Kurów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Korabina (kɔraˈbina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bojanów, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Korabina	Gmina Bojanów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montfort-sur-Meu (Breton: Moñforzh) is a commune in the department of Ille-et-Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France.	Montfort-sur-Meu	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borgone Susa is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located in the Val di Susa about 35 kilometres (22 mi) west of Turin.	Borgone Susa	Province of Turin
located in the administrative territorial entity	KSKA (91.1 FM) is a non-commercial radio station in Anchorage, Alaska, United States.	KSKA	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feniton is a village and civil parish in East Devon the English county of Devon.	Feniton	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raciąż-Piaski (ˈrat͡ɕɔ̃ʂ ˈpjaski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuchola, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Raciąż-Piaski	Gmina Tuchola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chopra (Vidhan Sabha constituency) is part of No. 4 Darjeeling (Lok Sabha constituency).	Chopra (Vidhan Sabha constituency)	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Ran (Persian: تازه ران‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Rān, Tāzehrān, and Tāzīrān; also known as Tārzan) is a village in Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Japelaq District, Azna County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Ran	Japelaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Aulatsivik Island is a Canadian island in northeastern part of Labrador in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador.	South Aulatsivik Island	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bisheh Khoshku (Persian: بيشه خشكو‎, also Romanized as Bīsheh Khoshkū) is a village in Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Bahmai County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Bisheh Khoshku	Bahmai-ye Garmsiri-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golujeh-ye Ghami (Persian: گلوجه غمي‎, also Romanized as Golūjeh-ye Ghamī; also known as Kolūjeh-ye Ghamī) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Torkamanchay District, Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Golujeh-ye Ghami	Owch Tappeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barton Creek Bridge is an early example of a cable stayed bridge; it spans Barton Creek in Huckabay, Texas.	Barton Creek Bridge	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Mourne Plantation is a former Southern plantation and historic house located in Mount Mourne, Iredell County, North Carolina.	Mount Mourne Plantation	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The St. Paul's German Presbyterian Church and Cemetery is a historic place in Elmont, New York.	St. Paul's German Presbyterian Church and Cemetery	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Halltown Union Colored Sunday School, also known as the Halltown Memorial Chapel, in Halltown, West Virginia, was built in 1901 in the Gothic Revival style.	Halltown Union Colored Sunday School	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Club/Lake Gaston Resort is a private, camping and recreational vehicle resort, located on the shores of Lake Gaston in South Central Virginia.	Lake Gaston Resort	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Third Gulf Breeze, (8SR8), is an Santa Rosa-Swift Creek culture archaeological site near Gulf Breeze, Florida.	Third Gulf Breeze	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBNQ (101.5 FM) is the most powerful FM radio station in McLean County, Illinois: 50,000 watts effective radiated power on 101.5 MHz. It has had a contemporary hit radio music format since 1975.	WBNQ	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Newton and Noss is a civil parish in the South Hams district of Devon, England comprising the villages of Newton Ferrers and Noss Mayo.The population of the parish taken at the 2011 census was 1,814.	Newton and Noss	South Hams
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hjo Municipality (Hjo kommun) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden.	Hjo Municipality	Västra Götaland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	83 and 85 Sullivan Street are on Sullivan Street between Broome Street and Spring Street in Manhattan, New York.	83 and 85 Sullivan Street	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	1100 Superior (formerly known as the Diamond Shamrock Building, the Diamond Building, and Oswald Centre) is a skyscraper in downtown Cleveland, Ohio's emerging Nine-Twelve District.	1100 Superior	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Poygan, located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin near the village of Winneconne, is an expansive widening of the Wolf River totaling over 14,000 acres (57 km²).	Lake Poygan	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richard Sheppard Arnold United States Post Office and Courthouse is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas in Little Rock, Arkansas.	Richard Sheppard Arnold United States Post Office and Courthouse	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base (Suffolk County Army Air Field in World War II) is a former air defense military installation collocated to use runways with the Westhampton, New York, municipal airport.	Francis S. Gabreski Air National Guard Base	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norwood Hospital is a hospital in Norwood, Massachusetts founded as Willett Cottage Hospital in 1902.	Norwood Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dutch Reformed Church of Gansevoort is a historic Dutch Reformed church at 10 Catherine Street in Gansevoort, Saratoga County, New York.	Dutch Reformed Church of Gansevoort	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Silver Valley's Old Mission State Park is a state park and National Historic Landmark in North Idaho, USA.	Old Mission State Park	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fay Street Historic District a small residential historic district encompassing two related triple decker houses at 4 and 6 Fay Street in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Fay Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fishermen's Memorial State Park is a 91-acre (37 ha) Rhode Island state park and campground on Point Judith in the town of Narragansett.	Fishermen's Memorial State Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malakh Darreh-ye Sofla (Persian: ملخدره سفلي‎, also Romanized as Malakh Darreh-ye Soflá; also known as Malakh Darreh) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzeh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Malakh Darreh-ye Sofla	Firuzeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEFX (100.7 FM, ``100.7 The Eagle'') is a country music-format radio station in Henderson, New York.	WEFX	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Głuszyn (ˈɡwuʂɨn), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Głuszyn	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Padawan municipality is a collective name given to a subset of the Kuching District area which is not administered locally by the Kuching South City Council and the Kuching North City Hall.	Padawan municipality	Kuching District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballyfermot (Irish: Baile Formaid) is a suburb in the city of Dublin, Ireland.	Ballyfermot	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hals Pass (el. 662 m.) is a low mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.	Hals Pass	Lower Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karlsøy (Northern Sami: Gálssa suohkan) is an island municipality in Troms county, Norway.	Karlsøy	Troms
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Breakfast Creek Hotel is a heritage-listed hotel (pub) located at 2 Kingsford Smith Drive, Breakfast Creek, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Breakfast Creek Hotel	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vennerbrunnen (Banner Carrier or Vexillum Fountain) is a fountain on Rathausplatz in the Old City of Bern, Switzerland.	Vennerbrunnen	Bern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Station Calumet Harbor is a United States Coast Guard station located on Lake Michigan in Chicago, Illinois.	Coast Guard Station Calumet Harbor	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Irvine Spectrum Center is an outdoor shopping center developed by the Irvine Company, located on the southeast edge of Irvine, California, US.	Irvine Spectrum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karmowstaj (Persian: ك رموستج‎‎; also known as Karmastaj, Karmostaj, Kermsīj, and Kermsīj) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Karmowstaj	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Srikalahasti is a holy town in Chittoor district of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Srikalahasti	Chittoor district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gemini Observatory is an astronomical observatory consisting of two 8.19-metre (26.9 ft) telescopes, the Gemini North and Gemini South at different sites in Hawaii and Chile, respectively.	Gemini Observatory	Hawaii	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pitt Lake is the second-largest lake in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia, being about 53.5 square kilometres in area.	Pitt Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Island Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington.	Rock Island Dam	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kallakurichi is a municipality of Viluppuram district, Tamil Nadu, India and a Parliamentary consistency in Tamil Nadu.	Kallakurichi	Viluppuram
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chirunomula is a small village located in Bonakal Mandal of Khammam district, Telangana, India.	Chirunomula	Khammam district	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arreh Kamar (Persian: اره كمر‎) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District, Qalandarabad District, Fariman County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Arreh Kamar	Qalandarabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab-e Mosla (Persian: اب مصلي‎, also Romanized as Āb-e Moslà) is a village in Rudbar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Ab-e Mosla	Rudbar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Sasan Mohimi (Persian: تلمبه ساسان مهيمي‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Sāsān Mohīmī) is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Sasan Mohimi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Andrew O. Anderson House, also known as the A. O. Anderson House, is a Prairie style house in the city of DeKalb, Illinois, United States.	Andrew O. Anderson House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Camelsfoot Range is a sub-range of the Chilcotin Ranges subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia.	Camelsfoot Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearsted in elections every four years elects one representative to Kent County Council, this is currently:	Bearsted	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poshteh Rizeh-ye Olya (Persian: پشته ريزه عليا‎, also Romanized as Poshteh Rīzeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Poshteh Rizeh-ye Olya	Sar Firuzabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Bocage bourbonnais is a small French natural region, west of the Allier department in Auvergne.	Bocage bourbonnais	Allier
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kah Rural District (Persian: دهستان كاه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Davarzan District, Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kah Rural District	Davarzan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The State Law Building, at 50 Ann Street, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia, contains offices of the Attorney-General of Queensland and other government organisations.	State Law Building	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Floyd and Glenora Dycus House is a historic house located at 305 S. Second St. in Brownstown, Illinois.	Floyd and Glenora Dycus House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bongosso (or Bougounso) is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Koromo in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.	Bongosso	Koromo
located in the administrative territorial entity	York Memorial Collegiate Institute (York Memorial CI, YMCI, York Memorial, or Memo) is a public secondary school that is part of the Toronto District School Board in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, and is located at 2690 Eglinton Avenue West, at the corner of Eglinton Ave. W. and Trethewey Drive.	York Memorial Collegiate Institute	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neebish Island is located in the U.S. state of Michigan, in the St. Marys River that connects Lake Superior and Lake Huron at the easternmost point of Michigan's upper peninsula.	Neebish Island	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klekotowo (klɛkɔˈtɔvɔ) (Ukrainian: Клекотово, Klekotovo) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze, within Siemiatycze County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Klekotowo	Gmina Siemiatycze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenbrook North High School, or GBN, is a public four-year high school located in Northbrook, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	Glenbrook North High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Excideuil (Occitan: Eissiduelh) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Aquitaine, southwestern France.	Excideuil	Dordogne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Port Macquarie High School is a comprehensive regional public school in New South Wales, Australia.	Port Macquarie High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bumpstead Archeological Site is an archeological site located near Elkton, Cecil County, Maryland.	Bumpstead Archeological Site	Cecil County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brandeis University President's House, also known as the Leland Powers House, is an historic house on 66 Beaumont Avenue in Newton, Massachusetts.	Brandeis University President's House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Angkor Chey District (Khmer: ស្រុកអង្គរជ័យ) is a district located in Kampot Province, in southern Cambodia.	Angkor Chey District	Kampot Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Part of the famous Hotel Gellért in Buda, the Gellért Thermal Baths and Swimming Pool (also known as the Gellért Baths or in Hungarian as the Gellért fürdő) is a bath complex in Budapest, Hungary.	Gellért Baths	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grabowie (ɡraˈbɔvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielgomłyny, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Grabowie	Gmina Wielgomłyny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Martin Hussingtree is a small village situated between Droitwich Spa and Worcester in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Martin Hussingtree	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krzekotówek (kʂɛkɔˈtuvɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotla, within Głogów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Krzekotówek	Gmina Kotla
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Sanan (Persian: دهسنان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Sanān) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Sanan	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmewood is a village in the North East Derbyshire district of Derbyshire, being a former coal mining village with close links to the villages of Heath, North Wingfield and Temple Normanton.	Holmewood	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Dayton (UD) is an American private Roman Catholic national research university in Ohio's sixth-largest city, Dayton.	University of Dayton	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shanting District is a district of Zaozhuang in the Chinese province of Shandong.	Shanting District	Zaozhuang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Devudala is village located in Regidi Amadalavalasa mandal in Srikakulam district, Andhra Pradesh, India.	Devudala	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beech Grove Shops is a railway maintenance facility in Beech Grove, Indiana, outside Indianapolis.	Beech Grove Shops	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auchentoul is a small village, located in Kinbrace, in the north west of Sutherland, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Auchentoul	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baborówko (babɔˈrufkɔ) (German: Hartschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szamotuły, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Baborówko	Gmina Szamotuły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targanice (tarɡaˈɲit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Andrychów, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Targanice	Gmina Andrychów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Roesch House is a historic U.S. home located at 1320 Highland Avenue, Melbourne, Florida.	Roesch House	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Seminole Inn , also known as the Seminole Country Inn, is an Mission Revival style historic hotel located at 15885 Southeast Warfield Boulevard in Indiantown, Florida.	Seminole Inn	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Livery Stable is a historic stable in Fountain, Colorado.	Old Livery Stable	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenwyn (Cornish: Keynwynn) is a settlement and civil parish in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Kenwyn	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Shelbyville is a reservoir located in Shelby County, Illinois and Moultrie County, Illinois created by damming the Kaskaskia River at Shelbyville, Illinois.	Lake Shelbyville	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bresimo (Ladin: Brésem, German: Brissen) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Trento.	Bresimo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zhijiang Dong Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 芷江侗族自治县; traditional Chinese: 芷江侗族自治縣; pinyin: Zhǐjiāng Dòngzú Zìzhìxiàn) is under the administration of Huaihua, Hunan province, China, bordering Guizhou to the west.	Zhijiang Dong Autonomous County	Huaihua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mapo District (Mapo-gu) is a gu, or district, within Seoul, South Korea.	Mapo District	Seoul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shalom Al Yisrael Synagogue, (lit. ``Peace Upon Israel Synagogue''), dates to the late 6th or early 7th century CE and was discovered in Jericho in 1936.	Shalom Al Yisrael Synagogue	Jericho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaqi (Persian: رضاقلي قشلاقي‎, also Romanized as Reẕāqolī-ye Qeshlāqī; also known as Reẕāqolī Qeshlāq) is a village in Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaq Rural District, in the Central District of Nir County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Rezaqoli-ye Qeshlaqi	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haji Baran (Persian: حاجی باران ‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Haji Baran	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the seat of the Nazacara Canton in the San Andrés de Machaca Municipality which is the fifth municipal section of the Ingavi Province.	Nazacara	San Andrés de Machaca Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virgin Valley Heritage Museum, originally known as the Desert Valley Museum, is located in Mesquite, Nevada and is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places.	Virgin Valley Heritage Museum	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	United States Oval Historic District is a national historic district located on Plattsburgh Air Force Base at Plattsburgh in Clinton County, New York.	United States Oval Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Central High School (LCHS) is a high school in St. John, Indiana, for students in grades nine through twelve.	Lake Central High School	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 307 Lexington Street in Newton, Massachusetts, is a well preserved small scale Greek Revival house.	House at 307 Lexington Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	WEGC (branded as ``Mix 107'') is a radio station serving Albany, Georgia and surrounding cities with a light adult contemporary format.	WEGC	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bågø is a small Danish island located in the Little Belt 5 km north-west of Assens on the island of Funen belonging to Assens Municipality.	Bågø	Assens Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Engelmann Woods Natural Area consists of 149 acres (0.60 km2) in northeastern Franklin County, Missouri.	Engelmann Woods Natural Area	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krawcowizna (kraft͡sɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strachówka, within Wołomin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Krawcowizna	Gmina Strachówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajj Yadollah Mahalleh (Persian: حاج يداله محله‎, also Romanized as Ḩājj Yadollāh Maḩalleh; also known as Ḩājj Yadollāh Maḩalleh-ye Chūbar and Ḩāj Yadollāh Maḩalleh-ye Chūbar) is a village in Chubar Rural District, Haviq District, Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Hajj Yadollah Mahalleh	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palazzetto dello Sport is an indoor arena located in Piazza Apollodoro in Rome, Italy.	Palazzetto dello Sport	Italy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Tejon Pass (originally Tejon Pass), is a mountain pass in the Tehachapi Mountains linking Southern and Central California.	Old Tejon Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Steuben Memorial State Historic Site is a historic location and state park in the eastern part of Steuben, Oneida County, New York, that honors Baron von Steuben, the ``Drillmaster of the American Revolution.''	Steuben Memorial State Historic Site	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqa Hasan Beyglu (Persian: اقاحسن بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Āqā Ḩasan Beyglū) is a village in Azadlu Rural District, Muran District, Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Aqa Hasan Beyglu	Ardabil Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lirharan (Persian: ليرهاران‎, also Romanized as Līrhārān; also known as Līrhārun) is a village in Dehdez Rural District, Dehdez District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Lirharan	Dehdez Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chełmica (xɛu̯ˈmit͡sa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuplice, within Żary County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Chełmica	Gmina Tuplice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gold Belt Byway is a National Scenic Byway and Bureau of Land Management Back Country Byway located entirely within the US state of Colorado.	Gold Belt Byway	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpine Airstrip (ICAO: PALP, FAA LID: AK15) is a private-use airport located 53 nautical miles (98 km) west of the central business district of Deadhorse, in North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska.	Alpine Airstrip	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Batavia Club building, built originally as the Bank of Genesee, is located on the corner of East Main (New York state routes 5 and 33) and Bank streets in Batavia, New York, United States.	Batavia Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Hook graving dock, initially known as ``Graving Dock One'', was a 730-foot-long (220 m) graving dock located at the Vigor Shipyards in Red Hook, Brooklyn in New York City.	Red Hook graving dock	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Endori (also known as Endouri) is a census village in Bhind district, Madhya Pradesh, India.	Endori	Bhind district	Madhya Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kosowice (kɔsɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzechów, within Ostrowiec County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Kosowice	Gmina Bodzechów
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boston Edison Power Station is a historic power station at 374 Homer Street in Newton, Massachusetts.	Boston Edison Power Station	Newton
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John W. Lederle Graduate Research Center, also known as Lederle Tower or LGRT, is a building in Amherst, Massachusetts.	John W. Lederle Graduate Research Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Schwarzwaldhochstraße begins in Baden-Baden and rises quickly to the main ridge of the northern Black Forest, reaching the top at the Bühlerhöhe.	Schwarzwaldhochstraße	Baden-Baden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Denis-Perron Dam (French: Barrage Denis-Perron) is a rockfill embankment dam spanning the Sainte-Marguerite River, a tributary of the lower Saint Lawrence River, in eastern Quebec, Canada.	Denis-Perron Dam	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	One Woodward Avenue, formerly known as the Michigan Consolidated Gas Company Building, is a class-A office skyscraper in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	One Woodward Avenue	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gal Gah (Persian: گل گاه‎, also Romanized as Gal Gāh; also known as Kal Gāh) is a village in Javid-e Mahuri Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Gal Gah	Javid-e Mahuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luszkówko (luʂˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pruszcz, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Luszkówko	Gmina Pruszcz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crestwood Preparatory College is a co-ed, non-semestered, high school in Toronto, Ontario.	Crestwood Preparatory College	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chorążówka (xɔrɔ̃ˈʐufka) (German: Junkertroyl) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stegna, within Nowy Dwór Gdański County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Chorążówka	Gmina Stegna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hualien was established as a county named Hualien County of Taiwan Province on 25 December 1945.	Hualien County	Taiwan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fernald Hall is the primary lecture hall and laboratory used by the entomology program of the University of Massachusetts Amherst.	Fernald Hall	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tezu is a census town and the headquarters of Lohit district in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.	Tezu	Lohit district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dzięcioły-Kolonia (d͡ʑenˈt͡ɕɔwɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sterdyń, within Sokołów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Dzięcioły-Kolonia	Gmina Sterdyń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonakdeh (Persian: بنكده‎; also known as Benekde) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Bonakdeh	Eslamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skopów (ˈskɔpuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza, within Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Skopów	Gmina Krzywcza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duzanan (Persian: دوزنان‎, also Romanized as Dūzanān) is a village in Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Duzanan	Kolah Boz-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint-Antoine-des-Champs Abbey was a convent in what is now the 12th arrondissement of Paris.	Saint-Antoine-des-Champs	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajjiabad Darvish (Persian: حاجي اباددرويش‎, also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād Darvīsh; also known as Ḩājjīābād, Ḩājīābād, and Haji Abad Japlogh) is a village in Khomeh Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Hajjiabad Darvish	Khomeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Balcó del Pirineu (Pyrenees Balcony in English) is a residential area in Montferrer i Castellbò (Catalonia).	El Balcó del Pirineu	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachhawadeeh is a village in Mirzapur, Uttar Pradesh, India.	Kachhawadeeh	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valias Agricultural Cooperative (Persian: شركت تعاوني كشاورزي دامپروري ولي عص‎ -- Sherḵat-e Tʿāūnī Kehāvarzī Dāmparūrī Valīʿaṣ) is an agricultural cooperative and village in Shusef Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Valias Agricultural Cooperative	Shusef Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tut-e Khvoshadul (Persian: توتخوشادول‎, also Romanized as Tūt-e Khvoshādūl and Tūt-e Khowshādūl; also known as Tūt Shūhān) is a village in Shuhan Rural District, in the Central District of Malekshahi County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Tut-e Khvoshadul	Shuhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Searby cum Owmby is a civil parish situated to the north of the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England.	Searby cum Owmby	West Lindsey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saints Medical Center is a hospital, located at One Hospital Drive in Lowell, Massachusetts.	Saints Medical Center	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ahmadabad-e Sar Tang (Persian: احمدابادسرتنگ‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Sar Tang; also known as Sar Tang-e Dūlāb) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Ahmadabad-e Sar Tang	Abezhdan Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oostflakkee (ˌoːstflɑˈkeː) is a former municipality on the island of Goeree-Overflakkee in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	Oostflakkee	Goeree-Overflakkee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Couple's Retreat Garden (Chinese: 耦园; pinyin: Ŏu Yuán) located in Suzhou city, Jiangsu province, China is a famous classical Chinese garden.	Couple's Retreat Garden	Suzhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Heyford is a village and civil parish beside the River Cherwell in Oxfordshire, about 6 miles (10 km) west of Bicester.	Lower Heyford	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuczewskie (kuˈt͡ʂɛfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jedwabne, within Łomża County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kuczewskie	Gmina Jedwabne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gur-e Khosrow (Persian: گورخسرو‎, also Romanized as Gūr-e Khosrow and Gūr Khosrow) is a village in Dehsard Rural District, in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gur-e Khosrow	Dehsard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pickering Operations Complex is a 177 m (581 ft) skyscraper at 20 Pickering Street, in Raffles Place in the central business district of Singapore.	Pickering Operations Complex	Singapore
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Freud Museum in London is a museum dedicated to Sigmund Freud, who lived there with his family during the last year of his life.	Freud Museum	London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sockburn is a village and civil parish to the south of Darlington in County Durham, England.	Sockburn	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ribeirão das Neves (Stream of Snow) is a Brazilian municipality located in the state of Minas Gerais.	Ribeirão das Neves	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chak Kola (Persian: چاك كلا‎, also Romanized as Chāk Kolā) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Chak Kola	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toranlu (Persian: ترانلو‎, also Romanized as Torānlū, Tarānlū, and Terānlū) is a village in Sivkanlu Rural District, in the Central District of Shirvan County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Toranlu	Sivkanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Municipality of Leichhardt is a local government area in the inner-west region of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Municipality of Leichhardt	Sydney	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słuchacz (ˈswuxat͡ʂ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Smętowo Graniczne, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Słuchacz	Gmina Smętowo Graniczne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gijarod is a mid-sized village located in the district of Jhajjar in the Indian state of Haryana.	Gijarod	Haryana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annigeri (Kannada: ಅಣ್ಣಿಗೇರಿ ) is a town in Navalagund taluk of Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka, India, located 20 km west of Gadag en route to Hubli and 35 km from Hubli.	Annigeri	Dharwad district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dimabon (Persian: ديمابن‎, also Romanized as Dīmābon) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Dimabon	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Otepää Parish (Estonian: Otepää vald) is a rural municipality in Valga County, southern Estonia.	Otepää Parish	Valga County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Garrett Memorial Chapel is a small Church in the Norman Gothic Style located on Bluff Point in the town of Jerusalem, in Yates County, New York.	Garrett Memorial Chapel	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kelbrook and Sough is a civil parish in the Pendle district of Lancashire, England.	Kelbrook and Sough	Lancashire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pakington Street is a boutique shopping strip in Geelong, Victoria, Australia.	Pakington Street	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvor-e Sofla (Persian: خورسفلي‎, also Romanized as Khvor-e Soflá) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvor-e Sofla	Tabadkan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swardeston is a village four miles (6 km) south of Norwich in Norfolk, England, on high ground above the Tas valley.	Swardeston	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Basukinath is a city and a notified area in Dumka district in the Indian state of Jharkhand.	Basukinath	Dumka district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kathryn Abbey Hanna Park is a 1.5-mile (2.4 km) public beach and city park in Jacksonville, Florida.	Hanna Park	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mom Rinker's Rock is a scenic outlook in Fairmount Park along the Wissahickon Creek in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.	Mom Rinker's Rock	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rahim-e Kuzhiag (Persian: رحيم كژياگ‎, also Romanized as Raḩīm-e Kūzhīāg; also known as Raḩīm-e Kūzhīā) is a village in Obatu Rural District, Karaftu District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Rahim-e Kuzhiag	Obatu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maureillas-las-Illas (Catalan: Morellàs i les Illes) is a rural commune in the Vallespir, Pyrénées-Orientales in the south of France.	Maureillas-las-Illas	Vallespir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upton with Fishley is a civil parish in the English county of Norfolk, consisting of the former parishes of Upton and Fishley.	Upton with Fishley	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Snowhill, as it is spelt by the developers, is a mixed-use development in the Colmore business district, known historically as Snow Hill, in Birmingham, England.	Snowhill	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goździówka (ɡɔʑˈd͡ʑufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stanisławów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Goździówka	Gmina Stanisławów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Azarbon-e Olya (Persian: ازاربن عليا‎, also Romanized as Āzārbon-e ``Olyā; also known as Āzarbon and Āzārbon) is a village in Shabkhus Lat Rural District, Rankuh District, Amlash County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 376, in 103 families.	Azarbon-e Olya	Shabkhus Lat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KYTY is a Christian radio station based in San Antonio, Texas and broadcast on 810 AM.	KYTY	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orton Rigg is a hamlet in the City of Carlisle district of Cumbria, England.	Orton Rigg	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Inner Port Shelter or Sai Kung Hoi (Chinese: 西貢海) is a harbour off the shore of Sai Kung Town, south of Sai Kung Peninsula, Hong Kong.	Inner Port Shelter	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lotus Isle Amusement Park was an amusement park that opened on June 28, 1930, in Portland, Oregon, just off the east tip of Hayden Island on the Columbia River.	Lotus Isle	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Darani (Persian: حسين اباددراني‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Darānī; also known as Ḩoseynābād) is a village in Horjand Rural District, Kuhsaran District, Ravar County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Darani	Kuhsaran District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fred C. Nelles Youth Correctional Facility was in essence a prison for youth located on Whittier Boulevard, in Whittier, California.	Fred C. Nelles Youth Correctional Facility	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Terenzo is a village (frazione) in the comune of Lerici in the province of La Spezia.	San Terenzo	Lerici
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klępie Dolne (ˈklɛmpjɛ ˈdɔlnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stopnica, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Klępie Dolne	Gmina Stopnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miftaahul Uloom Academy (translated: ``The Key to Knowledge'') is a private Islamic school in Union City, New Jersey.	Miftaahul Uloom Academy	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carruthers Peak, formerly Curruthers Peak, a mountain in the Main Range of the Great Dividing Range, is located in Snowy Mountains region in southeast New South Wales, Australia.	Carruthers Peak	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whalley Range High School is girls' school in Whalley Range, Manchester, England.	Whalley Range High School	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	Treator is a hamlet west of Padstow, Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	Treator	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mildred E. Mathias Botanical Garden is a 7-acre (2.8 ha) botanical garden located on the southeastern corner of the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) campus, California, United States.	Mildred E. Mathias Botanical Garden	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qabar Hoseyn (Persian: قبر حسين‎, also Romanized as Qabar Ḩoseyn) is a village in Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qabar Hoseyn	Mangur-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holy Cross Inns Court Vicarage (grid reference ST587691) is in the Knowle West area of Bristol, England.	Holy Cross Inns Court Vicarage	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntingtower School is an independent, co-educational, non-denominational, day school and boarding school, located in the eastern Melbourne suburb of Mount Waverley, Victoria, Australia.	Huntingtower School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Great Smoky Mountain Council is a local council of the Boy Scouts of America in Tennessee, with headquarters in Knoxville.	Great Smoky Mountain Council	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kenarshahr Rural District (Persian: دهستان كنارشهر‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bardaskan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kenarshahr Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dołhołęka (dɔu̯xɔˈwɛŋka) (Ukrainian: Довголука, Dovholuka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dołhołęka	Gmina Międzyrzec Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Watendlath is a hamlet and tarn (a small lake) in Cumbria in England.	Watendlath	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bockmer End is a hamlet in the civil parish of Medmenham to the west of Marlow in Buckinghamshire, England.	Bockmer End	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilenko (viˈlɛnkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczaniec, within Świebodzin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Wilenko	Gmina Szczaniec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jaboatão dos Guararapes (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʒabwaˈtɐ̃w duz ɡwaɾaˈɾapis)) is a municipality in the state of Pernambuco, Brazil.	Jaboatão dos Guararapes	Pernambuco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niszczyce-Pieńki (niʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ˈpjɛɲki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Niszczyce-Pieńki	Gmina Bielsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gran Madre di Dio (Great Mother of God) is a cardinal's titular church in Rome.	Gran Madre di Dio	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet is a school of classical ballet in Saint Petersburg, Russia.	Vaganova Academy of Russian Ballet	Saint Petersburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bukówko (buˈkufkɔ) (German: 'Neu Buckow') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bukówko	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Trębska (ˈvɔla ˈtrɛmpska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Wola Trębska	Gmina Szczawin Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sofeyreh (Persian: صفيره‎, also Romanized as Şofeyreh; also known as Safareh and Safera) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sofeyreh	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Heineken House (German: Haus Heineken) is a historic building in Bremen, Germany.	Heineken House	Bremen
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of St. Joseph's College was a university in Memramcook, New Brunswick that closed in 1966.	University of St. Joseph's College	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Interstate 495 (I-495) is the unsigned designation for the Falmouth Spur, a short freeway connecting I-95 with I-295 and U.S. Route 1 (US 1) north of Portland, Maine, in the United States.	Falmouth Spur	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torch Bay is a freshwater bay connecting Torch Lake with Portage Lake in Houghton County on the Keweenaw Peninsula, which juts into Lake Superior from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.	Torch Bay	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nazareth Speedway was an auto racing facility in Lehigh Valley, Pennsylvania which operated from 1910 to 2004 in two distinct course configurations.	Nazareth Speedway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widmoor is a hamlet in the parishes of Hedsor and Wooburn and Bourne End, in Buckinghamshire, England.	Widmoor	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Simpson Park Mountains, also known as the Simpson Park Range, are located in Lander and Eureka counties, in central Nevada in the western United States.	Simpson Park Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kam-e Sorkh (Persian: كم سرخ‎, also Romanized as Kamsorkh) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kam-e Sorkh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qiaotun Subdistrict (Chinese: 乔屯街道) is a township-level division of Lubei District, Tangshan, Hebei, China.	Qiaotun Subdistrict	Lubei District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shivalya of Downtown Chicago (SDC) is the Hindu temple and cultural center in heart of downtown Chicago, Illinois.	Shivalya of Downtown Chicago	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Station, Philadelphia -- also known as B&O Station, Chestnut Street Station, and 24th St. Station -- was the main passenger station for the Baltimore & Ohio Railroad in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Station, Philadelphia	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lutobory (lutɔˈbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sadkowice, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Lutobory	Gmina Sadkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kirby Jail and Town Hall is a historic building located at 120 E. 4th St. in Kirby, Wyoming.	Kirby Jail and Town Hall	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mavis Manor is a Queen Anne style, Victorian manor house located in Flat Top, West Virginia in Mercer County on 33 acres (13 ha) of Flat Top Mountain.	Mavis Manor	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude (ˌɦaːrlɛmərˈlidə ɛn ˌspaːrnˈʋʌu̯.də) is a municipality in the Netherlands, in the province of North Holland.	Haarlemmerliede en Spaarnwoude	North Holland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolpit Heath is a hamlet in Suffolk, England near the village of Woolpit.	Woolpit Heath	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darudbakht (Persian: درودبخت‎, also Romanized as Darūdbakht) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District, Zeberkhan District, Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Darudbakht	Zeberkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinai-Grace Hospital was the first hospital in Michigan to offer Blue Light Cystoscopies.	Sinai-Grace Hospital	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalateh-ye Esmail Beyk (Persian: كلاته اسماعيل بيك‎, also Romanized as Kalāteh-ye Esmāʿīl Beyḵ) is a village in Pasakuh Rural District, Zavin District, Kalat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kalateh-ye Esmail Beyk	Pasakuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westray is one of the Orkney Islands in Scotland, with a usual resident population of just under 600 people.	Westray	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jir Kal (Persian: جيركُل‎‎, also Romanized as Jīr Kol) is a village in Eshkevar-e Sofla Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jir Kal	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cuyahoga County Courthouse stretches along Lakeside Boulevard at the north end of the Cleveland Mall in downtown Cleveland, Ohio.	Cuyahoga County Courthouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Adventure Sports Center International is an Olympic standard white water rafting and canoe/kayak slalom center located on the mountaintop above the Wisp Ski Resort at Deep Creek Lake, McHenry, Maryland, USA.	Adventure Sports Center International	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The West River Drive Bridge is a steel girder bridge built in 1966 over the Schuylkill River on West River Drive (since renamed Martin Luther King, Jr. Drive) in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	West River Drive Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Harwick Mine disaster was a mining accident on January 25, 1904 in Cheswick, Pennsylvania, some sixteen miles north of Pittsburgh in the western part of the state.	Harwick Mine disaster	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jesse Viertel Memorial Airport (ICAO: KVER, FAA LID: VER), also known as Jesse P. Viertel Airport, is a city-owned public-use airport located three miles (5 km) southeast of the central business district of Boonville, a city in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.	Jesse Viertel Memorial Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Canon Bridge is a truss footbridge spanning the Colorado River near Glenwood Springs, Colorado.	South Canon Bridge	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bay Circuit Trail and Greenway or Bay Circuit is a Massachusetts recreational trail and greenway connecting the outlying suburbs of Boston from Plum Island in Newburyport to Kingston Bay in Duxbury, a distance of 200 miles (320 km).	Bay Circuit Trail	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rock Hill High School (RHHS) was the first of the three high schools in Rock Hill, South Carolina.	Rock Hill High School	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marscholhorn (also known as Piz Moesola) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps, overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden.	Marscholhorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chmiele-Pogorzele (ˈxmjɛlɛ pɔɡɔˈʐɛlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zambrów, within Zambrów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Chmiele-Pogorzele	Gmina Zambrów
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Cathedral Street is a pedestrianised retail street in Manchester city centre, England.	New Cathedral Street	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Werner Company Building in Akron, Ohio was built in 1895 by Frank Meade; it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12, 1976.	Werner Company Building	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	KHVH (830 AM) is a news radio station licensed to Honolulu, Hawaii, and owned by iHeartMedia, Inc..	KHVH	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Julian M. Carroll Purchase Parkway is a controlled-access highway in the US state of Kentucky running from Fulton to Calvert City, near Kentucky Dam, for a length of 52 miles (84 km).	Purchase Parkway	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The East Rutherford Operations Center (EROC) at 100 Orchard Street, East Rutherford, New Jersey, is the regional office for cash handling and processing of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.	East Rutherford Operations Center	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lowell is an historic triple decker apartment house on 33 Lexington Avenue in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	The Lowell	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blokktinden or Blokktind is a mountain in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county, Norway.	Blokktinden	Rødøy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kariz-e Geli (Persian: كاريزگلي‎, also Romanized as Kārīz-e Gelī) is a village in Safaiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Kariz-e Geli	Safaiyeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz Bles is a mountain in the Oberhalbstein Alps, located on the border between Italy (Lombardy) and Switzerland (Graubünden).	Piz Bles	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Derczewo (dɛrˈt͡ʂɛvɔ) (German: Dertzow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Derczewo	Gmina Myślibórz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arazi Tari (Hindi: अरजी तारी) is a village in Pindra Tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.	Arazi Tari	Uttar Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First National Bank of Adams is a historic commercial building located on Main Street in Adams, Minnesota, United States.	First National Bank of Adams	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rural Municipality of Sifton is a rural municipality in the southwest portion of the Canadian province of Manitoba.	Rural Municipality of Sifton	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House of Hungarian Wines (Hungarian: Magyar Borok Háza) is a wine shop in Budapest, near the Buda Castle.	House of Hungarian Wines	Budapest
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gørlev is a town with a population of 2,441 (1 January 2015) on the west coast of the island of Zealand (Sjælland) in Denmark, belonging to Kalundborg Municipality in Region Sjælland.	Gørlev	Kalundborg Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coalinga Municipal Airport (Old) is a closed airport located 1 mile north of Coalinga, California.	Coalinga Municipal Airport (Old)	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant Antoni de Portmany (Catalan pronunciation: (ˈsant ənˈtɔni ðə purˈmaɲ), Spanish: San Antonio Abad) or San Antonio is a town on the western coast of Ibiza.	Sant Antoni de Portmany	Ibiza
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crosby Ravensworth is a village, civil parish and fell in the Eden District of Cumbria, England.	Crosby Ravensworth	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hessian Powder Magazine, also known as the Hessian Guardhouse Museum, is a historic guardhouse and gunpowder magazine located on the grounds of Carlisle Barracks at Carlisle, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania.	Hessian Powder Magazine	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Francisco Recreation & Parks Department is the city agency responsible for governing and maintaining all city owned parks and recreational facilities in San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Recreation & Parks Department	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ashe County Courthouse in Jefferson, North Carolina is a Beaux Arts style building built in 1904.	Ashe County Courthouse	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yau Ma Tei Theatre (Chinese: 油麻地戲院; Jyutping: jau4 maa4 dei6 fu1 jyun2, sometimes transliterated as ``Yaumati Theatre''), once the largest theatre in Kowloon, is located at the junction of Waterloo Road and Reclamation Street, in Yau Ma Tei, Hong Kong.	Yau Ma Tei Theatre	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kızılören is a rural town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey, 26 km from the towns of Sandıklı and Dinar, near the road to Ankara.	Kızılören	Afyonkarahisar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mzurów (ˈmzuruf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niegowa, within Myszków County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Mzurów	Gmina Niegowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elkhorn City Railroad Museum is a railroad museum located in Elkhorn City, Kentucky, United States.	Elkhorn City Railroad Museum	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	İzmir Province (Turkish: İzmir ili) is a province of Turkey in western Anatolia on the Aegean coast, whose capital is the city of İzmir.	İzmir Province	Turkey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sherman Army Airfield (IATA: FLV, ICAO: KFLV) is an airport located at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, in Leavenworth County, Kansas.	Sherman Army Airfield	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasighat is the headquarters of East Siang district in the Indian state of Arunachal Pradesh.	Pasighat	East Siang district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarchamps (Luxembourgish: Iischpelt, German: Ischpelt) is a small town in the commune of Lac de la Haute-Sûre, in north-western Luxembourg.	Tarchamps	Lac de la Haute-Sûre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Galaxyland, previously known as Fantasyland, is the world's second largest indoor amusement park, situated in the West Edmonton Mall in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Galaxyland	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hotel Berry on W. Central Ave. in Velva, North Dakota, United States, was built in 1906.	Hotel Berry	North Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betsy Layne High School (BLHS) is a secondary school located in Betsy Layne, Floyd County, Kentucky, U.S.A., and is one of five public high schools in the Floyd County School system.	Betsy Layne High School	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Suleh Bedar (Persian: سوله بدر‎, also Romanized as Sūleh Bedar) is a village in Mishan Rural District, Mahvarmilani District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Suleh Bedar	Mishan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mount Morgans Gold Mine is a gold mine located 37 km west-south-west of Laverton, Western Australia.	Mount Morgans Gold Mine	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nossa Senhora do Perpétuo Socorro (``Our Lady of Perpetual Help'') is a bairro in the District of Sede in the municipality of Santa Maria, in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul.	Nossa Senhora do Perpétuo Socorro	Santa Maria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Topaz Mountain is a summit in the Thomas Range of Utah, east of the Thomas caldera.	Topaz Mountain	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aghagallon (from Irish: Achadh Gallan, meaning ``field of the standing stone'') is a small village and civil parish in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Aghagallon	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valley Airport (TC LID: CDA3) is located adjacent to the Trans-Canada Highway (Highway 104) in Valley, Nova Scotia, Canada, several kilometres northeast of Truro.	Valley Airport	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	São Thomé das Letras is a municipality in the south of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil, 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Três Corações city.	São Thomé das Letras	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Sadri (Persian: علي ابادصدري‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Şadrī) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66, in 28 families.	Aliabad-e Sadri	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dorudzan District (Persian: بخش درودزن‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Dorudzan District	Fars Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stonybrook Estate Historic District is a historic district at 501-521 Indian Ave. and 75 Vaucluse Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island.	Stonybrook Estate Historic District	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirisah (Persian: ميريسه‎, also Romanized as Mīrīsah; also known as Marīshe, Merīsah, and Meriseh) is a village in Farmeshkhan Rural District, in the Central District of Kavar County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mirisah	Farmeshkhan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace St. Paul's Episcopal Church commonly referred to as GraSP or Grace St. Paul's is an Episcopal Church (in the Anglican Communion) located in Mercerville-Hamilton Square, New Jersey.	Grace St. Paul's Episcopal Church	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles Herbert Flowers High School is a comprehensive science and technology magnet school located in Springdale, Prince George's County, Maryland.	Charles Herbert Flowers High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cockpen is a parish in Midlothian, Scotland, situted at about N55:51:36 W3:04:48; 332500 663500.	Cockpen	Midlothian	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goszcz (ɡɔʂt͡ʂ) (German: Goschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Twardogóra, within Oleśnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Goszcz	Gmina Twardogóra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ecotat Gardens and Arboretum (37 ha / 91 acres) is a non-profit gardens and arboretum located on Route 2 in Hermon, Maine, USA.	Ecotat Gardens and Arboretum	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mother Mosque of America, once known as The Rose of Fraternity Lodge and also known as Moslem Temple, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, United States, is the longest standing mosque in North America.	Mother Mosque of America	Cedar Rapids
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Struve Railroad Bridge (Russian: Железнодорожный мост Струве), was the first all-metal railroad bridge over the Dnieper that existed from 1855 to 1920 in Kiev.	Struve Railroad Bridge	Kiev
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Kent Railroad Station is a historic railroad station at Main and Market Streets in Fort Kent, Maine.	Fort Kent Railroad Station	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sibdon Carwood is a hamlet and small parish in Shropshire, England.	Sibdon Carwood	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Andrew's-by-the-Sea is a historic Episcopal chapel on Church Road, southeast of the junction with South Road and Route 1A in Rye, New Hampshire.	St. Andrew's-by-the-Sea	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oceanside Municipal Airport (IATA: OCN, ICAO: KOKB, FAA LID: OKB) is a public airport located two miles (3 km) northeast of the central business district of Oceanside, a city in San Diego County, California.	Oceanside Municipal Airport	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kansas City International Raceway was a drag-racing track in Kansas City, Missouri.	Kansas City International Raceway	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William H. Berg House is a historic house located at the intersection of Mariposa and Davis Streets in Round Mountain, Nevada, United States.	William H. Berg House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The New Durham Meetinghouse and Pound are a historic colonial meeting house and town pound on Old Bay Road in New Durham, New Hampshire.	New Durham Meetinghouse and Pound	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tscheischhorn is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps, overlooking Juf in Graubünden, Switzerland.	Tscheischhorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Għallis Tower (Maltese: Torri tal-Għallis), originally known as Torre delle Saline, is a small watchtower in Salina, limits of Naxxar, Malta.	Għallis Tower	Naxxar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nathuakhan is a village in the Ramgarh block of the Nainital district in the state of Uttarakhand.	Nathuakhan	Nainital district	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beaver and Erie Canal, also known as the Erie Extension Canal, was part of the Pennsylvania Canal system and consisted of three sections: the Beaver Division, the Shenango Division, and the Conneaut Division.	Beaver and Erie Canal	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilson Eyre House is a historic residence located in the Washington Square West neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Wilson Eyre House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rancho Los Alamos y Agua Caliente was a 26,626-acre (107.75 km2) Mexican land grant in present day Kern County, California given in 1846 by Governor Pio Pico to Francisco Lopes, Luis Jordan and Vicente Botiller.	Rancho Los Alamos y Agua Caliente	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malekabad-e Chah Rigan (Persian: ملك ابادچاه ريگان‎, also Romanized as Malekābād-e Chāh Rīgān; also known as Malekābād-e Chahār Rīgān) is a village in Chahdegal Rural District, Negin Kavir District, Fahraj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Malekabad-e Chah Rigan	Negin Kavir District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilan (Persian: كيلان‎‎, or more properly, Kailan, also Romanized as Kīlān; also known as Kilun) is a city in the Central District of Damavand County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kilan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siedlęcin (ɕɛdˈlɛnt͡ɕin) (German: Boberröhrsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów Sudecki, within Jelenia Góra County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Siedlęcin	Gmina Jeżów Sudecki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ponte Nova is a municipality in central-eastern Minas Gerais state, Brazil.	Ponte Nova	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mian Kalahun (Persian: ميان كلاهون‎, also Romanized as Mīān Kalāhūn) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mian Kalahun	Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wellington-Harrington, also known as Area 3, is a neighborhood in Cambridge, Massachusetts, bounded by Hampshire Street and Broadway on the southwest, the Grand Junction railroad tracks on the east, and the Somerville town line on the north.	Wellington-Harrington	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowy Maciejów (ˈnɔvɨ maˈt͡ɕejuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Nowy Maciejów	Gmina Wysokie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Evagoras Gymnastic Association Stadium (GSE Stadium) (Gymnastikos Syllogos Evagoras, Greek: Γυμναστικός Σύλλογος Ευαγόρας) is a football stadium located in Famagusta, Cyprus and was the home ground of Anorthosis and Nea Salamina.	GSE Stadium	Famagusta
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Downtown is a historic neighborhood of Downtown Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	South Downtown	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Bar (2001) is a bar and live music venue on the premises of 74--76 Johnston St, between Brunswick and Nicholson streets, in Fitzroy, an inner city suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	The Old Bar	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bobrowska Wola (bɔˈbrɔfska ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczewsko, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Bobrowska Wola	Gmina Kluczewsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shibaneh (Persian: شيبانه‎, also Romanized as Shībāneh) is a village in Baryaji Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Shibaneh	Baryaji Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villefranche-sur-Mer (French: (vilfʁɑ̃ʃ syʁ mɛːʁ); Niçard: Vilafranca de Mar, Italian: Villafranca Marittima, pronounced (vilːaˈfraŋka maˈritːima)) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region on the French Riviera.	Villefranche-sur-Mer	Alpes-Maritimes
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leszczynka Mała (lɛʂˈt͡ʂɨnka ˈmawa) (German: Linkenau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Leszczynka Mała	Gmina Małdyty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangonera la Verde is a village located in the Garden of Murcia (Spain).	Sangonera la Verde	Murcia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Runk Bridge, also known as Huntingdon County Bridge No. 9, is a historic Pratt truss bridge spanning Aughwick Creek and located at Shirley Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	Runk Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of the Holy Ascension is a prominent landmark in Unalaska, the major community of the western Aleutian Islands in southwestern Alaska.	Church of the Holy Ascension	Unalaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Forest Retreat is a historic home of Kentucky governor (during 1828--1832) and United States Senator Thomas Metcalfe, located in Nicholas County, Kentucky.	Forest Retreat	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hashcheh-ye Makineh (Persian: هشچه مكينه‎, also Romanized as Hashcheh-ye Makīneh) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hashcheh-ye Makineh	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Chakabad (Persian: عباس ابادچك اباد‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e Chakābād) is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Abbasabad-e Chakabad	Deyhuk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lyell Highway (Route A10) is a highway in Tasmania, running from Hobart to Queenstown.	Lyell Highway	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	SanGimignano1300 is an artistic and historical museum located in the old city of San Gimignano.	SanGimignano1300	San Gimignano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Whitmer High School is a public high school in Toledo, Ohio, USA, named for John Wallace Whitmer, an educator who helped organize high school classes for the area.	Whitmer High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brooks Building in Chicago was built in 1909--1910 in the Chicago School architectural style.	Brooks Building	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cache Hill is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Cache Hill	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Canopus Hill Observatory is an optical astronomy observatory belonging to the University of Tasmania (UTAS), It is located approximately 12 km from Hobart in Tasmania, Australia.	Canopus Hill Observatory	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rigan County (Persian: شهرستان ریگان‎‎) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran.	Rigan County	Kerman Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alvin Sherman Library, Research, and Information Technology Center, is the largest library building in the state of Florida.	Alvin Sherman Library	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beehive Science and Technology Academy (BSTA), is a college preparatory charter school located in Sandy, Utah.	Beehive Science and Technology Academy	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qurt Darreh (Persian: قورت دره‎, also Romanized as Qūrt Darreh) is a village in Taghamin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qurt Darreh	Taghamin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Øya is a location in Trondheim, Norway that is a peninsula in the river Nidelva, with Elgeseter to the east.	Øya	Trondheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kożuchówka (kɔʐuˈxufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kożuchówka	Gmina Krzywda
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edgar County Courthouse, located in Paris, Illinois, is the county courthouse of Edgar County.	Edgar County Courthouse	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Jose River is a river in the Cariboo region of the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada.	San Jose River	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostrytsia (Ukrainian: Остриця; Romanian: Ostrița) is a commune (selsoviet) in Hertsa Raion, Chernivtsi Oblast, Ukraine.	Ostrytsia	Hertsa Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lulsley is a village and civil parish in the Malvern Hills District of the county of Worcestershire, England, UK.	Lulsley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Søreide Church (Norwegian: Søreide kirke) is a parish church in Bergen municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Søreide Church	Bergen
located in the administrative territorial entity	KDUC is a commercial radio station in Barstow, California, serving the immediate Barstow area, the Victor Valley area, and along the I-15 to Baker area on 94.3 FM.	KDUC	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Habaru (Persian: هبرو‎, also Romanized as Habarū) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Habaru	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bourtreehill is a large housing estate built by the Irvine Development Corporation (IDC) in the late 1970s which forms part of the Irvine New Town in North Ayrshire, Scotland.	Bourtreehill	North Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	CFEX-FM is an alternative rock station serving Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	CFEX-FM	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moczydłów (mɔˈt͡ʂɨdwuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Moczydłów	Gmina Góra Kalwaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hendiz (Persian: هنديز‎, also Romanized as Hendīz) is a village in Pariz Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hendiz	Pariz District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dos Cabezas Mountains are a mountain range in southeasternmost Arizona, USA.	Dos Cabezas Mountains	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Periyakurichi is one of the municipal town in Neyveli Virudhachalam taluk of Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu, India.	Periyakurichi	Cuddalore district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahartai (Persian: چهار تايي‎, also Romanized as Chahārtā’ī) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District, Chah Dadkhoda District, Qaleh Ganj County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Chahartai	Chah Dadkhoda District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Maison du Chamarier, also known as Hôtel d'Estaing, is a house at 37 rue Saint-Jean in the 5th arrondissement of Lyon, at the corner of Rue de la Bombarde.	Maison du Chamarier	5th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas Tower (in German Thomasturm) is a former watchtower in the ancient city walls of Basel, Switzerland, just across the Gate of Saint John.	Thomas Tower	Basel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Bashi (Persian: داش باشي‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Bāshī and Dāshbāshī; also known as Dāsh Bāsh, Dashbash, and Sar Sang) is a village in Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Bashi	Minjavan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntsville/Bella Lake Water Aerodrome, (TC LID: CPY7), is located 11.5 nautical miles (21.3 km; 13.2 mi) northeast of Huntsville, Ontario, Canada.	Huntsville/Bella Lake Water Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sing Sing Correctional Facility is a maximum security prison operated by the New York State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision in the village of Ossining, in the U.S. state of New York.	Sing Sing	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Wishford is a village and civil parish in the Wylye Valley in Wiltshire, England, 3 miles north of Wilton and approximately 5 miles northwest of Salisbury.	Great Wishford	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rabbit Mountain is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field, Yukon Territory, Canada, located 30 km southwest of Koidern and 4 km northwest of Canyon Mountain.	Rabbit Mountain	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kristianstad Municipality (Kristianstads kommun) is a municipality in Skåne County in southernmost Sweden.	Kristianstad Municipality	Skåne County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fore River Club House is a historic club house at Follett and Beechwood Streets in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Fore River Club House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaurmeh Darreh (Persian: قاورمه دره‎, also Romanized as Qāūrmeh Darreh; also known as Qūrmeh Darreh) is a village in Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District, Chaharduli District, Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qaurmeh Darreh	Chaharduli-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasasaneh-ye Bala (Persian: حساسنه بالا‎, also Romanized as Ḩasāsaneh-ye Bālā; also known as Ḩasāsaneh-ye Yek) is a village in Bani Saleh Rural District, Neysan District, Hoveyzeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Hasasaneh-ye Bala	Bani Saleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Redwanki (rɛdˈvanki) (German: Rettfang) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Redwanki	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plesse Castle is situated to the north of Göttingen in Germany, close to the village of Bovenden.	Plesse Castle	Bovenden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pehčevo Municipality (Macedonian: Општина Пехчево (ˈpɛxtʃɛvɔ)) is a municipality in eastern part of Republic of Macedonia.	Pehčevo Municipality	Macedonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seated Lincoln is a memorial sculpture by Gutzon Borglum located next to the Essex County Courthouse in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States.	Seated Lincoln	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nora's Fish Creek Inn is in Wilson, Wyoming.	Nora's Fish Creek Inn	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykhiabad-e Sofla (Persian: شيخي ابادسفلي‎, also Romanized as Sheykhīābād-e Soflá; also known as Shaikabad, Shaikhābād, Sheykhābād-e Soflá, Sheykhīābād, and Sheykhīābād-e Pā’īn) is a village in Hojr Rural District, in the Central District of Sahneh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sheykhiabad-e Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vicksburg Campaign was a series of maneuvers and battles in the Western Theater of the American Civil War directed against Vicksburg, Mississippi, a fortress city that dominated the last Confederate-controlled section of the Mississippi River.	Vicksburg Campaign	Mississippi
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alphonsian Academy is a pontifical institution of higher education in Rome, Italy.	Alphonsian Academy	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Colman's Roman Catholic Church and Cemetery (also known as The Little Catholic Church on Irish Mountain) is a historic church located in Dillon, West Virginia which is also called Irish Mountain.	St. Colman's Roman Catholic Church and Cemetery	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	El Dorado Lake is a reservoir on the Walnut River 0.5 miles (0.80 km) northeast of El Dorado in the Flint Hills region of Kansas.	El Dorado Lake	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Churchman Brook Dam is an earthfill embankment dam approximately 30 kilometres (20 mi) south east of Perth, Western Australia in the City of Armadale.	Churchman Brook Dam	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mankrai is one of the 44 union councils of Pakistan, an administrative subdivision of Haripur District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.	Mankrai	Haripur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The town and its infrastructure are administered as the Mangakino Pouakani ward by the Taupo District Council	Mangakino	Taupo District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Truman Parkway is a historic parkway in Milton and southern Boston, Massachusetts.	Truman Parkway	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spelman College is a four-year liberal arts women's college located in Atlanta, Georgia, United States.	Spelman College	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estunabad (Persian: استون اباد‎, also Romanized as Estūnābād; also known as Estīnavā and Estīnovā) is a village in Banafsh Tappeh Rural District, Now Kandeh District, Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Estunabad	Banafsh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bear Lake County Courthouse, located at 7 E. Center St. in Paris, is the county courthouse serving Bear Lake County, Idaho.	Bear Lake County Courthouse	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge is a rail truss bridge across the Missouri River connecting Council Bluffs, Iowa with Omaha, Nebraska.	Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zrębice (zrɛmˈbit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztyn, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zrębice	Gmina Olsztyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patriot Bible University (PBU), formerly known as Patriot University, is an unaccredited Independent Baptist correspondence school located in Del Norte, Colorado which issues religious degrees only.	Patriot Bible University	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valfara (Persian: ولفرا‎, also Romanized as Valfarā) is a village in Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Gaz County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Valfara	Anzan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory, originally named Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, is a United States Department of Energy National Laboratory operated by Stanford University under the programmatic direction of the U.S. Department of Energy Office of Science and located in Menlo Park, California.	SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aughertree (/ˈæfərtriː/ AF-ər-tree) is a village in northern Cumbria, England.	Aughertree	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abdarlar (Persian: ابدارلار‎, also Romanized as Ābdārlār; also known as Ābdālār) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Abdarlar	Charuymaq-e Jonubegharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenczynek (pronounce: (tɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɛk)) is a small village in southern Poland, situated in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in Gmina Krzeszowice, about 25 km west of the city of Kraków.	Tenczynek	Gmina Krzeszowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hartsville Nuclear Plant is a canceled nuclear power plant project located near Hartsville, Tennessee.	Hartsville Nuclear Plant	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wivenhoe Dam is a rock and earth-fill embankment dam with a concrete spillway across the Brisbane River in South East Queensland, Australia.	Wivenhoe Dam	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cranford Township Public Schools is a comprehensive public school system serving students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade in Cranford Township in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Cranford Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sidi Bouzid Governorate (Tunisian Arabic: ولاية سيدي بوزيد‎), sometimes spelt Sidi Bou Zid, is one of the 24 governorates (provinces) of Tunisia.	Sidi Bouzid Governorate	Tunisia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chhiahtlang is an independent village level administration within Serchhip Town, in the Mizoram State of India.	Chhiahtlang	Serchhip	Mizoram
located in the administrative territorial entity	The German Leather Museum (Deutsches Ledermuseum), located in Offenbach, Hesse, Germany, is one of the largest leather museums in the world.	German Leather Museum	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zheleznovodsk (Russian: Железново́дск) is a town in Stavropol Krai, Russia.	Zheleznovodsk	Stavropol Krai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Doi Hang (Thai: ดอยฮาง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.	Doi Hang	Mueang Chiang Rai
located in the administrative territorial entity	WYDR (94.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Hits music format, licensed to both Neenah and Menasha (giving it and sister station WNCY-FM a rare dual cities of license situation) and transmitting from High Cliff State Park in Northwestern Calumet County, Wisconsin.	WYDR	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bruce Mines is a town in the Canadian province of Ontario, located on the north shore of Lake Huron in the Algoma District along Highway 17.	Bruce Mines	Algoma District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wall Township Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Wall Township, in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Wall Township Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Foster Memorial Home is a historic sanatorium located at Huntington, Cabell County, West Virginia.	Foster Memorial Home	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dunipace is a village in the west of the Falkirk council area of Scotland.	Dunipace	Falkirk
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Lincoln High School (WLHS) is located in Lincoln County, North Carolina, outside Vale, North Carolina.	West Lincoln High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Liveh (Persian: مزرعه ليوه‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Līveh; also known as Līveh) is a village in Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District, Ilkhchi District, Osku County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 27, in 10 families.	Mazraeh-ye Liveh	Shurakat-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurtekah (Persian: هورتكه‎, also Romanized as Hūrtekah; also known as Hartekah) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Hurtekah	Poshtdarband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valkenburg aan de Geul ( pronunciation ) (Limburgish: Valkeberg) is a municipality situated in the southeastern Dutch province of Limburg.	Valkenburg aan de Geul	Limburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopczany (kɔpˈt͡ʂanɨ), (Lithuanian: Kapčionys), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsk, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Kopczany	Gmina Lipsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahawalpur District (Punjabi,Urdu: ضلع بہاول پور‎) is one of the districts of Punjab, Pakistan.	Bahawalpur District	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarkuraki-ye Sefidar (Persian: سركوركي سفيدار‎, also Romanized as Sarkūrakī-ye Sefīdār; also known as Sarkūrakī) is a village in Sepidar Rural District, in the Central District of Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarkuraki-ye Sefidar	Sepidar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Czapski Palace (Polish: Pałac Czapskich, IPA: (ˈpawat͡s ˈt͡ʂapskʲix)), also called the Krasiński, Sieniawski or Raczyński Palace, is a substantial palace in the center of Warsaw, at 5 Krakowskie Przedmieście.	Czapski Palace	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostov (Russian: Ростов; IPA: (rɐˈstof); Old Norse: Rostofa) is a town in Yaroslavl Oblast, Russia, one of the oldest in the country and a tourist center of the Golden Ring.	Rostov	Yaroslavl Oblast
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borysówka (bɔrɨˈsufka) (Ukrainian: Борисівка, Borysivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hajnówka, within Hajnówka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Borysówka	Gmina Hajnówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lammenschans refers to a former fort located in Leiden along the Vliet.	Lammenschans	Leiden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Overlake School is a private, non-sectarian, co-ed, college preparatory school located in Redmond, Washington, USA.	The Overlake School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iveagh (/ˈaɪveɪ/; from Irish: Uíbh Eachach, meaning ``descendants of Echu'') is the name of several different historical territorial divisions located in modern-day County Down, Northern Ireland.	Iveagh	County Down
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baptist University of the Américas (BUA) is a private Baptist university in San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas.	Baptist University of the Américas	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moheydar (Persian: محيدر‎, also Romanized as Moḩeydar) is a village in Jarahi Rural District, in the Central District of Mahshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Moheydar	Jarahi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail State Park is a recreational trail that follows abandoned railroad lines in Summit County, Utah, United States.	Historic Union Pacific Rail Trail State Park	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Joe State Park is a Missouri state park located in Park Hills on the flanks of the Saint Francois Mountains.	St. Joe State Park	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huffman High School (HHS) is a four-year public high school in Birmingham, Alabama.	Huffman High School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Petchey Academy is located in the London Borough of Hackney where its LEA is The Learning Trust.	Petchey Academy	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Lake Estates Historic District is a U.S. historic district (designated as such on August 26, 1993), located north of Lake Wales, Florida, off the US 27A Scenic Highway.	Mountain Lake Estates Historic District	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beer Hackett is a small village and civil parish in west Dorset, England, situated 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Sherborne and 5 miles (8.0 km) southeast of Yeovil.	Beer Hackett	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Millwoods Christian School, located in southeast Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, is an alternative school in the Edmonton Public School System.	Millwoods Christian School	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anna Nagar West (Tamil: அண்ணா நகர் மேற்கு) is a township in Chennai, India.	Anna Nagar West	Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ihlamur Palace (Turkish: Ihlamur Kasrı), is a former imperial Ottoman summer palace located in Istanbul, Turkey.	Ihlamur Palace	Istanbul
located in the administrative territorial entity	The WWII/Korea LVT Museum is located in a Quonset hut style building at Camp Del Mar, Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, California, near the Assault Amphibian School Battalion Training Command.	WWII/Korea LVT Museum	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyatt Center is an American office tower in Chicago completed in 2005.	Hyatt Center	Chicago
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaj-e Mohammad Gavabor (Persian: كج محمدگوابر‎, also Romanized as Kāj-e Moḩammad Gavābor; also known as Kaj-e Moḩammad) is a village in Rahimabad Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kaj-e Mohammad Gavabor	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quatro Ribeiras is a civil parish in the municipality of Praia da Vitoria on the northern coast of the Portuguese island of Terceira in the Azores.	Quatro Ribeiras	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaykhontohur (also spelled Shayxontohur) is one of 11 districts (tuman) of Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan.	Shaykhontohur	Tashkent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woolstanwood (also Woolstan Wood) is a village (at SJ680556) and civil parish in the unitary authority of Cheshire East and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England, which lies immediately to the west of Crewe, 1½ miles from the centre.	Woolstanwood	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oka National Park (Parc national d'Oka) is a small provincially administered park, located between the village of Oka and Pointe-Calumet on the north shore of Lac des Deux Montagnes in Quebec, Canada.	Oka National Park	Pointe-Calumet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gare du Grand-Jardin is the second station of Lisieux.	Gare du Grand-Jardin	Lisieux
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bemmel is a village in Gelderland in the municipality of Lingewaard.	Bemmel	Lingewaard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bun Abhainn Eadarra or Bunavoneadar is a hamlet adjacent to the Loch Bun Abhainn Eadarra,on the south shore of North Harris, in the Outer Hebrides, Scotland.	Bun Abhainn Eadarra	Outer Hebrides
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library is an exuberant Shingle Style building at 30 Martin Street in Essex, Massachusetts in the United States.	Essex Town Hall and TOHP Burnham Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iowa State University of Science and Technology, more commonly known as Iowa State University, Iowa State, or ISU, is a public land-grant and space-grant research university located in Ames, Iowa, United States.	Iowa State University	Ames, Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamutskoye (Russian: Ламутское) is a rural locality (a selo) in Anadyrsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located northwest of Markovo and 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) northeast of Chuvanskoye on the middle reaches of the Anadyr River.	Lamutskoye	Anadyrsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCUI (89.1 FM) was a radio station that serves the Pella, Iowa area.	KCUI	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockland Road Bridge is a historic stone and brick arch bridge located at Piermont in Rockland County, New York.	Rockland Road Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Deer Public School District No. 104 or the Red Deer Public School District is responsible for public education in the city of Red Deer, Alberta.	Red Deer Public School District	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sprouts of the Mohawk River are the multiple channels of the Mohawk River as it flows into the Hudson River creating a delta in the US state of New York.	Sprouts of the Mohawk River	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Firehouse Gallery of Bordentown, New Jersey was built in 1886 and is currently the exclusive studio of its owner, Eric Gibbons.	Firehouse Gallery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bi Abr-e Choqamaran (Persian: بي ابرچقاماران‎, also Romanized as Bī Abr-e Choqāmārān; also known as Bī Abr) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Bi Abr-e Choqamaran	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Villa Las Estrellas (English: ``The Stars Town'') is a Chilean town and research station in Antártica Commune, Antártica Chilena Province, Magallanes and Antártica Chilena Region.	Villa Las Estrellas	Antártica Chilena Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tioga Pass (el. 9,943 ft. / 3,031 m.) is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California.	Tioga Pass	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFLN is a commercial radio station in Arcadia, Florida, broadcasting on 1480 AM with a News/Talk format.	WFLN	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clemens Center is a concert and theater center in Elmira, New York.	Clemens Center	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prominent finds from Yavne-Yam and its vicinity are on display at Beit-Miriam, the museum of nearby Kibbutz Palmachim.	Yavne-Yam	Palmachim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Messnerin (German: Meßnerin) is a mountain in the Hochschwab range in Styria with a height of 1835 m above sea level.	Messnerin	Styria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cedarcrest High School is a four-year public secondary school located in Duvall, Washington.	Cedarcrest High School	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nikolassee is a locality (Ortsteil) of Berlin in the borough (Bezirk) of Steglitz-Zehlendorf.	Nikolassee	Steglitz-Zehlendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Twelfth Night Theatre is an established Australian entertainment venue located in Bowen Hills, in Brisbane, Queensland.	Twelfth Night Theatre	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baran district is a district in the Indian state of Rajasthan.	Baran district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oakmont Memorial Park is a cemetery, crematorium and funeral home in Lafayette, Contra Costa County, California.	Oakmont Memorial Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rison High School (RHS) is a comprehensive public high school serving students in grades 7 through 12 in the rural community of Rison, Arkansas, United States.	Rison High School	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aminjikarai hosts the following schools St.Vincent's School St. George's School, Chennai Chennai Corporation school	Aminjikarai	Chennai Chennai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruckton is a small village in Shropshire, England (grid reference SJ430103).	Cruckton	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoxton Park High School is a state high school in the suburb of Hinchinbrook, New South Wales in the City of Liverpool local government area, approximately 39 km south west of the city centre of Sydney.	Hoxton Park High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gorji Kola (Persian: گرجي كلا‎, also Romanized as Gorjī Kolā) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gorji Kola	Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weeks Cemetery is a historic cemetery at the corner of Sudbury Street and Concord Road in Marlborough, Massachusetts.	Weeks Cemetery	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cisewie (t͡ɕiˈsɛvjɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karsin, within Kościerzyna County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Cisewie	Gmina Karsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Digital Harbor High School (formerly known as Southern High School) is a magnet high school located in Baltimore, Maryland.	Digital Harbor High School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rotunda Hospital (Ospidéal an Rotunda in Irish) is one of the three main maternity hospitals in the city of Dublin, the others being the Coombe and the National Maternity Hospital.	Rotunda Hospital	Dublin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naduiyeh-ye Sofla (Persian: ندوئيه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Nadū’īyeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Rezvan Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Naduiyeh-ye Sofla	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Ury (or River Urie) (Scottish Gaelic: Uaraidh / Ùraidh) is a small river in northeastern Scotland situated in the Garioch area of Aberdeenshire.	River Ury	Aberdeenshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ardcroney, officially Ardcrony (Irish: Ard Cróine, meaning ``Cronia's height''), is a village and townland on the N52 National secondary road 10 km (6.2 mi) north of Nenagh in County Tipperary, Ireland.	Ardcroney	County Tipperary
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLBM (1450 AM, ``Supertalk 1450'') is a radio station in La Grande, Oregon' broadcasting on a frequency of 1450 kHz.	KLBM	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gari Sarab (Persian: گري سراب‎‎, also Romanized as Garī Sarāb) is a village in Kakasharaf Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Gari Sarab	Kakasharaf Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seton Lake is a freshwater fjord draining east via the Seton River into the Fraser River at the town of Lillooet, British Columbia, about 22 km long and 243 m in elevation and 26.2 square kilometres in area.	Seton Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrosin (Serbian Cyrillic: Добросин, Albanian: Dobrosini) is a village in the municipality of Bujanovac, in southern Serbia.	Dobrosin	Bujanovac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowtavaram is a village in Racherla mandal, in the Prakasam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in southern India.	Gowtavaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stadionul Silviu Ploeșteanu, previously known as Stadionul Tineretului, is a multi-purpose stadium in Brașov, Romania.	Stadionul Silviu Ploeșteanu	Brașov
located in the administrative territorial entity	Currituck County Regional Airport (ICAO: KONX, FAA LID: ONX, formerly 9W7) is a county owned, public use airport in Currituck County, North Carolina, United States.	Currituck County Regional Airport	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Tamaqua Railroad Station is a historic railroad station located at Tamaqua, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania.	Tamaqua Railroad Station	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chahar Farizeh Rural District (Persian: دهستان چهارفريضه‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chahar Farizeh Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saryarka Velodrome (Kazakh: Сарыарқа велотрегі; Russian: Велотрек Сарыарка) is an indoor cycle-racing track or velodrome that is located in Astana, Kazakhstan.	Saryarka Velodrome	Astana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Belmont Park Racecourse is one of the two major horse racing venues within the Perth, Western Australia metropolitan area, the other being Ascot Racecourse.	Belmont Park Racecourse	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pierson College is a residential college at Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut.	Pierson College	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trump National Doral Miami is a golf resort in the southeastern United States, located in Doral, Florida.	Trump National Doral Miami	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tatlatui Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located at the southern end of the Spatsizi Plateau and around the headwaters of the Firesteel River, part of the Finlay-Peace River basin and therefore in the Arctic drainage.	Tatlatui Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Eastern Shore Hospital Center is an 76-bed psychiatric facility that is located in Cambridge, Maryland.	Eastern Shore Hospital Center	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	KQBT (93.7 FM, ``93.7 The Beat'') is a Urban Contemporary radio station in Houston, Texas.	KQBT	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Väkra is an uninhabited village in Valjala Parish, Saare County, Estonia, on the island of Saaremaa.	Väkra	Valjala Parish
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ťahanovce (Hungarian: Hernádtihany, pronounced (ˈhɛrnaːtːihɒɲ)) is a city part of Košice, Slovakia.	Ťahanovce	Košice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Yirkie Lake is a small lake in eastern Ontario, Canada.	Big Yirkie Lake	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyl Gah (Persian: سيل گاه‎, also Romanized as Seyl Gāh, Seil Gah, and Seyl-e Gāh; also known as Shīlgāh) is a village in Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District, in the Central District of Kuhrang County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Seyl Gah	Dasht-e Zarrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery is a federal military cemetery in the city of San Diego, California.	Fort Rosecrans National Cemetery	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	La Belle Iron Works, also known as La Belle Cut Nail Works, is a historic factory complex and national historic district located at Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	La Belle Iron Works	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maasdriel ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the province of Gelderland, in the eastern Netherlands.	Maasdriel	Gelderland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osborn Airfield (FAA LID: 02FA) is a private airport located 3 miles southwest of Groveland, Florida.	Osborn Airfield	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Hilda's School is an independent, Anglican, day and boarding school for girls, located in Southport, a central suburb of the Gold Coast, Queensland, Australia.	St Hilda's School	Southport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuen Long Park (Chinese: 元朗公園) is one of the parks in Hong Kong.	Yuen Long Park	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The National Navy UDT-SEAL Museum, also known as the Navy SEAL Museum, is located in St. Lucie County, just outside Fort Pierce, Florida.	National Navy UDT-SEAL Museum	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starfish Hill Wind Farm is a wind power station spread over two hills near Cape Jervis, South Australia.	Starfish Hill Wind Farm	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erottaja (Swedish: Skillnaden), meaning ``the separator'', is a public square near the centre of Helsinki, Finland.	Erottaja	Helsinki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Komishan (Persian: كميشان‎, also Romanized as Komīshān) is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Komishan	Mehravan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Ghost Seminary was a Roman Catholic Christian seminary in Ypsilanti, Michigan run by the Holy Ghost Fathers.	Holy Ghost Seminary	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hamadan Garrison (Persian: پادگان همدان‎ -- Pādegān-e Hamadān) is a military installation and village in Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Hamadan County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Hamadan Garrison	Alvandkuh-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Apponegansett Meeting House or ``Apponagansett Meeting House'' is a historic Quaker (Friends) meeting house on Russells Mills Road east of Fresh River Valley Road in Dartmouth, Massachusetts.	Apponegansett Meeting House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere Maresciallo Cadorna is a stretch of the Lungotevere, a boulevard that runs along the Tiber River in the Della Vittoria quarter of Rome, Italy.	Lungotevere Maresciallo Cadorna	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marungaz (Persian: مارونگز‎, also Romanized as Mārūngaz; also known as Mārāngaz and Mārangāz) is a village in Talang Rural District, Talang District, Qasr-e Qand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Marungaz	Qasr-e Qand County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Château du Geisberg is a 17th/18th century residential chateau at Wissembourg, at the northern tip of Alsace.	Château du Geisberg	Wissembourg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Snapper Creek is a creek in the U.S. state of Florida that drains out of the Everglades into Biscayne Bay at Biscayne National Park.	Snapper Creek	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mann Creek Dam (National ID # ID00285) is a dam in Washington County, Idaho, in the western part of the state, a few miles north-northeast of the town of Weiser.	Mann Creek Dam	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Brown was a military post of the United States Army in Texas during the later half of 19th century and the early part of the 20th century.	Fort Brown	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zelenodolsky District (Russian: Зеленодо́льский райо́н; Tatar: Cyrillic Зеленодол районы, Latin Zelenodol rayonı) is an administrative and municipal district (raion), one of the forty-three in the Republic of Tatarstan, Russia.	Zelenodolsky District	Republic of Tatarstan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The high rise 2643 Park Avenue, the Park Avenue Hotel, was a hotel in the Cass Corridor of Detroit, Michigan.	2643 Park Avenue	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portmeirion is a tourist village in Gwynedd, North Wales.	Portmeirion	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gen. George Godfrey House is a historic colonial American house located at 125 County Street in Taunton, Massachusetts.	Gen. George Godfrey House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	``Los Ruiles National Reserve'' is a small nature reserve located in easternmost Municipality of Pelluhue, Province of Cauquenes, Maule Region, Chile.	Los Ruiles National Reserve	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monticello Hotel of Norfolk, Virginia was a historic hotel built in 1898.	The Monticello Hotel	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	WPFT is a country music radio station licensed to Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.	WPFT	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auerbach Castle is one of several fortresses along the Bergstrasse in southern Hesse, Germany.	Auerbach Castle	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koleybi (Persian: كليبي‎, also Romanized as Koleybī and Kalibi) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Koleybi	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Trevor Barker Oval, formerly known as the Beach Oval or Hampton Oval is an Australian rules football ground in Beach Road, on the border between Hampton and Sandringham, Victoria.	Trevor Barker Oval	Sandringham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boomer Lake is located in the city of Stillwater, Oklahoma and was completed in 1925.	Boomer Lake	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hazel Hall House is in northwest Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hazel Hall House	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sedam or Seram is a town in Gulbarga district in the Indian state of Karnataka.	Sedam	Gulbarga district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cooper University Hospital is a teaching hospital and biomedical research facility located in Camden, New Jersey.	Cooper University Hospital	Camden	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hekematabad (Persian: حكمت اباد‎, also Romanized as Ḩeḵematābād) is a village in Gevar Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hekematabad	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aqcheh Mazar (Persian: اقچه مزار‎, also Romanized as Āqcheh Mazār, Āghcheh Mazār, Āghjeh Mazār; also known as Aqa Mazār) is a village in Zahray-ye Pain Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Aqcheh Mazar	Zahray-ye Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wasserflue is a mountain of the Jura, located north of Erlinsbach in the canton of Aargau.	Wasserflue	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fugong County (福贡县; pinyin: Fúgòng Xiàn) is a county located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, Yunnan province, China.	Fugong County	Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammad Zeyna (Persian: محمدزينا‎, also Romanized as Moḩammad Zeynā) is a village in Beyram Rural District, Beyram District, Larestan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mohammad Zeyna	Beyram Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mostad or Måstad is an abandoned village on the southern part of the island of Værøy at the southern end of the Lofoten archipelago.	Mostad	Lofoten
located in the administrative territorial entity	Michnowce (mixˈnɔft͡sɛ), is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasnopol, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Michnowce	Gmina Krasnopol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kuchkineh (Persian: كوچكينه‎, also Romanized as Kūchkīneh and Kūchakīneh; also known as Kūsh Ganeh and Kūshkīneh) is a village in Ab Barik Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kuchkineh	Ab Barik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nobgan (Persian: نبگان‎, also Romanized as Nobgān and Nabgan; also known as Nobakān, Now Bagān, and Nowbegān) is a village in Gazin Rural District, Raghiveh District, Haftgel County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nobgan	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valkumey (Russian: Валькумей, Chukchi: Вылкынэй, lit. ``Coal Mountain'') is an inhabited locality (an urban-type settlement) in Chaunsky District of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug, Russia, located on the shores of Chaunskaya Bay (part of the East Siberian Sea).	Valkumey	Chaunsky District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Court Road is a state- and county-maintained highway in the U.S. state of Maryland.	Old Court Road	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Busbie Castle was situated in what is now known as Knockentiber (Scottish Gaelic: Cnoc an Tobair, hill of the well), a village in East Ayrshire, Parish of Kilmaurs, Scotland.	Busbie Castle	East Ayrshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lava Lakes are a group of small lakes at the head of Lava Fork in the Boundary Ranges of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.	Lava Lakes	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poinciana Plaza is a neighborhood within the City of Key West in Monroe County, Florida, United States.	Poinciana Plaza	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The William Brydone Jack Observatory is a small astronomical observatory on the campus of the University of New Brunswick in Fredericton, New Brunswick.	William Brydone Jack Observatory	Fredericton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Airlie Gardens (67 acres) is a public garden in Wilmington, North Carolina.	Airlie Gardens	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malibu Lagoon State Beach is a state protected beach of California, United States, and a unit of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area.	Malibu Lagoon State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Combe Martin is a village, civil parish and former manor on the North Devon coast about 4 miles (6.4 km) east of Ilfracombe.	Combe Martin	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomeshtar-e Olya (Persian: گمشترعليا‎, also Romanized as Gomeshtar-e ``Olyā) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 190, in 41 families.	Gomeshtar-e Olya	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab Deraz (Persian: باب دراز‎, also Romanized as Bāb Derāz) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District, Sarduiyeh District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab Deraz	Sarduiyeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Szmokotówka (ʂmɔkɔˈtufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Brus, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Szmokotówka	Gmina Stary Brus
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunów-Wilków (ˈɡunuf ˈvilkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka, within Kazimierza County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Gunów-Wilków	Gmina Kazimierza Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gruzy (ˈɡruzɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gruzy	Gmina Biała Piska
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boardman is a series of rowhouses at 39-53 Montana Street, occupying an entire city block between Hoosac and Blackinton Streets in North Adams, Massachusetts.	The Boardman	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cilrhedyn is a hamlet and parish in the counties of Carmarthenshire and Pembrokeshire, Wales, in the hill country to the south of the Teifi valley.	Cilrhedyn	Carmarthenshire	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lanrick Castle was a late 18th-century country house near Doune in central Scotland.	Lanrick Castle	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Homestead Dairy Barns, also known as Miller Mill and Inn at Gristmill Square, is a historic dairy barn complex and national historic district located at Warm Springs, Bath County, Virginia.	Homestead Dairy Barns	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Strossmayer Gallery of Old Masters (Croatian: Strossmayerova galerija starih majstora) is a fine art museum in Zagreb, Croatia exhibiting the collection donated to the city by Bishop Josip Juraj Strossmayer in 1884.	Strossmayer Gallery of Old Masters	Zagreb
located in the administrative territorial entity	The BC Cancer Research Centre (also known as the BCCRC, BC Cancer Agency Research Centre, or BCCA Cancer Research Centre) is located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.	BC Cancer Research Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imer Molla Sari (Persian: ايمرملاساري‎, also Romanized as Īmer Mollā Sārī, Eymar Mollā Sārī, and Yamar Mollā Sārī; also known as Eymar) is a village in Bagheli-ye Marama Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Imer Molla Sari	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowbandian-e Baluchi (Persian: نوبنديان بلوچي‎, also Romanized as Nowbandīān-e Balūchī; also known as Balūchī) is a village in Negur Rural District, Dashtiari District, Chabahar County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Nowbandian-e Baluchi	Negur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Khalaj (Persian: نهرخلج‎, also Romanized as Nahr Khalaj; also known as Nahr Kalāch) is a village in Varzaq Rural District, in the Central District of Faridan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Khalaj	Varzaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Chiltington Common is a large settlement in the Horsham District of West Sussex, England.	West Chiltington Common	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castletown Geoghegan (Irish: Baile Chaisleáin Mag Eochagán) in County Westmeath, Ireland, lies south west of Lough Ennell near the county town of Mullingar.	Castletown Geoghegan	County Westmeath
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rhön Biosphere Reserve includes the entire central area of the Rhön Mountains, a low mountain range in the German states of Hesse, Bavaria and Thuringia.	Rhön Biosphere Reserve	Hesse	Bavaria	Thuringia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Les Abymes (French pronunciation: ​(lɛz‿a.bim)) is the most populated commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe, in the Lesser Antilles.	Les Abymes	Guadeloupe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boston Trinity Academy (BTA) is a private Christian school in Hyde Park, Boston, Massachusetts, United States.	Boston Trinity Academy	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gila Bend Municipal Airport (FAA LID: E63), is a public use airport located two nm east of the CBD of Gila Bend, in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States.	Gila Bend Municipal Airport	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Auburndale High School is a four-year public high school located in Auburndale, Florida, a city of 14,033 (2012 U.S. Census estimate).	Auburndale High School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyain Seikgyi Township (Burmese: ကြာအင်းဆိပ်ကြီးမြို့နယ်) is a township of Kawkareik District in the Karen State of Burma (Myanmar).	Kyain Seikgyi Township	Kawkareik District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WNPL (1460 AM) is a radio station simulcasting WJUA, a Spanish language station broadcasting out of Ft. Myers, Florida.	WNPL	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowa Jastrzębia (ˈnɔva jasˈtʂɛmbja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostynin, within Gostynin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Nowa Jastrzębia	Gmina Gostynin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bob Carpenter Center is a 5,000-seat multi-purpose arena, in Newark, Delaware, named in honor of benefactor and trustee, R. R. M. Carpenter, Jr. (1915--1990).	Bob Carpenter Center	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pay-ye Tom (Persian: پاي تم‎, also Romanized as Pāy-ye Tom) is a village in Gavkan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Pay-ye Tom	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District (Persian: دهستان مه ولات شمالي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Shadmehr District, Mahvelat County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Mahvelat-e Shomali Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Governor Robert McClelland House is a private residence located at 47 East Elm Avenue in the city of Monroe in Monroe County, Michigan.	Governor Robert McClelland House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Richmond Professional Institute (RPI) was an educational institution established in 1917 which merged with the Medical College of Virginia to form Virginia Commonwealth University.	Richmond Professional Institute	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guss Island is a small island in the San Juan Islands of the U.S. state of Washington.	Guss Island	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hochtaunuskreis is a Kreis (district) in the middle of Hesse, Germany and is part of the Frankfurt/Rhine-Main Metropolitan Region.	Hochtaunuskreis	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gussage All Saints is a village and parish in the county of Dorset in southern England.	Gussage All Saints	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Agordo (Venetian: Agort, Ladin: Égort) is a town and comune (municipality) sited in the Province of Belluno, in the Veneto region in Italy.	Agordo	Province of Belluno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearbandh is one of the most agriculturally prosperous village in Rohtas district, Bihar, India.	Bearbandh	Rohtas district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fort Smith Trolley Museum is a streetcar and railroad museum in Fort Smith, in the U.S. state of Arkansas, which includes an operating heritage streetcar line.	Fort Smith Trolley Museum	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The J. W. and Rachel Newman House and Bunkhouse near Jerome, Idaho was built in 1920 by sheep rancher and stonemason Bill Darrah.	J. W. and Rachel Newman House and Bunkhouse	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meymuneh (Persian: ميمونه‎, also Romanized as Meymūneh and Meimooneh; also known as Eslāmābād, Maimanen, Maimūn, and Meymūn) is a village in Rostaq Rural District, in the Central District of Saduq County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Meymuneh	Rostaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The penal colony of Cayenne (French: Bagne de Cayenne), commonly known as Devil's Island (Île du Diable), was a famous prison of the 19th and 20th century.	Devil's Island	Cayenne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deerhurst Resort in Huntsville, Ontario, is two hours north of Toronto in Ontario's Muskoka region, bordering the Algonquin Provincial Park.	Deerhurst Resort	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ockley is a rural village in Surrey.	Ockley	Surrey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagby is a village and civil parish in the Hambleton district of North Yorkshire, England, 3 miles (5 km) south-east of Thirsk.	Bagby	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bachorze (baˈxɔʐɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice, within Chojnice County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bachorze	Gmina Chojnice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fluvià (Catalan pronunciation: (fɫuβiˈa)) is a river in Catalonia.	Fluvià	Catalonia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hampton National Historic Site, in the Hampton area north of Towson, Baltimore County, Maryland, USA, preserves a remnant of a vast 18th-century estate, including a Georgian manor house, gardens, grounds, and the original stone slave quarters.	Hampton National Historic Site	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rudbaxton is a parish and a local government community in the county of Pembrokeshire, Wales, and is 81 miles (130 km) from Cardiff and 208 miles (330 km) from London.	Rudbaxton	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Prince Edward Theatre is a West End theatre situated on Old Compton Street, just north of Leicester Square, in the City of Westminster, London	Prince Edward Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pashupatinath Temple (Nepali: पशुपतिनाथ मन्दिर) is a famous, sacred Hindu temple dedicated to Pashupatinath and is located on the banks of the Bagmati River 5 kilometres north-east of Kathmandu Valley in the eastern city of Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal.	Pashupatinath Temple	Kathmandu	Nepal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brightwood Beach Cottage is an historic octagonal building on the southern shore of Lake Ripley in Litchfield, Minnesota that once was a part of the Brightwood Beach Resort of the late nineteenth century.	Brightwood Beach Cottage	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is the capital of Pagėgiai municipality, and as such it is part of Tauragė County.	Pagėgiai	Tauragė County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koshtaran (Persian: كشتاران‎, also Romanized as Koshtārān; also known as Koshtāvān) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Koshtaran	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gozgestan (Persian: گزگستان‎, also Romanized as Gozgestān; also known as Bozestān) is a village in Madvarat Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gozgestan	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sadat-e Gharbi (Persian: سادات غربي‎, also Romanized as Sādāt-e Gharbī) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Sadat-e Gharbi	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Novoshychi (Ukrainian: Новошичі, Polish: Nowoszyce) is a village (selo) in Drohobych Raion, Lviv Oblast, in south-west Ukraine.	Novoshychi	Drohobych Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skumros (ˈskumrɔs) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarnów, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Skumros	Gmina Żarnów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kłodzisko (kwɔˈd͡ʑiskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wronki, within Szamotuły County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kłodzisko	Gmina Wronki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mulsoo is a village located in Anantnag Tehsil of Anantnag district in Jammu and Kashmir, India.	Mulsoo	Jammu and Kashmir
located in the administrative territorial entity	Elk Lick Lodge, also known as the Remann Cabin, was built in 1926 by local settler and builder Grant Humes for Frederick Remann as a personal fishing retreat in what became Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington.	Elk Lick Lodge	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Scantic River (pronounced SKAN-tik) is a river that flows through the states of Massachusetts and Connecticut and is tributary to the Connecticut River.	Scantic River	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rakoszyce (rakɔˈʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Rackschütz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Śląska, within Środa Śląska County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Rakoszyce	Gmina Środa Śląska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llansannor (Welsh: Llansanwyr) is a small hamlet in the Vale of Glamorgan, Wales, United Kingdom.	Llansannor	Vale of Glamorgan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuka Island is an island in the northern Gulf of Alaska in Kenai Peninsula Borough, Alaska, USA.	Nuka Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonora High School (SOHS) is a public high school located at 401 S. Palm Street in La Habra, north Orange County, California.	Sonora High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Virginia Mason Athletic Center (VMAC) is a privately funded sporting facility situated on 19 acres (77,000 m2) of industrial property along the shores of Lake Washington in Renton, Washington.	Virginia Mason Athletic Center	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tall Changi-ye Sofla (Persian: تل چنگي سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tall Changī-ye Soflá; also known as Tal Jangalī, Tall Changī, and Tall Jangī) is a village in Vardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Semirom County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Tall Changi-ye Sofla	Vardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 230 (FM 230) is a farm to market road in Houston, Walker, and Trinity Counties in Texas.	Farm to Market Road 230	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wharncliffe and Kynoch is a local services board in the Canadian province of Ontario, consisting of the unincorporated communities of Wharncliffe and Kynoch in the Algoma District.	Wharncliffe and Kynoch	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ottilienberg is a mountain near Eppingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	Ottilienberg	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nou Barris is one of the ten districts into which Barcelona has been officially divided since 1984.	Nou Barris	Barcelona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cables Wynd House, better known as the Leith Banana Flats or as the Banana Block because of its curved shape, is a 9-storey local authority housing block in Leith, Edinburgh.	Cables Wynd House	Edinburgh
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Dunstan-in-the-East was a Church of England parish church on St Dunstan's Hill, half way between London Bridge and the Tower of London in the City of London.	St Dunstan-in-the-East	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	Welkin Mill, Lower Bredbury is a cotton spinning mill in Lower Bredbury/Portwood, Stockport, Greater Manchester.	Welkin Mill, Lower Bredbury	Stockport
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kurzejewo (kuʐɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warlubie, within Świecie County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Kurzejewo	Gmina Warlubie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Markiny (marˈkʲinɨ) (German: Markienen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Markiny	Gmina Bartoszyce
located in the administrative territorial entity	David Harvard House, also known as the Former Quarters of Lee and Bradford, is a historic home located in Tredyffrin Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	David Harvard House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sunrise Comfort Station is an example of the National Park Service Rustic style, located in the Sunrise Historic District of Mount Rainier National Park, Washington, USA.	Sunrise Comfort Station	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bonar Bridge (Scottish Gaelic: Drochaid a' Bhanna, pronounced (d̪̊ɾɔxɪd̊ʲ ə van̴̪ə)) is a town on the north bank of the Kyle of Sutherland, in the Parish of Creich in the Highland council area of Scotland.	Bonar Bridge	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Borculo is a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the municipality of Berkelland, Gelderland.	Borculo	Berkelland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Debert Airport (TC LID: CCQ3) is located near Debert, Nova Scotia, Canada and has three runways.	Debert Airport	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Chabowo (ˈstarɛ xaˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawidz, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Chabowo	Gmina Zawidz
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Falls Generating Station is a hydroelectric dam built on the Saint John River in Grand Falls in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and is operated by NB Power corporation.	Grand Falls Generating Station	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swallowfield is a village and civil parish in Berkshire, England, about 5 miles (8 km) south of Reading, and 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the county boundary with Hampshire.	Swallowfield	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Berkshire Botanical Garden, is a 15 acre (6.1 hectares) botanical garden in Stockbridge, Massachusetts, USA.	Berkshire Botanical Garden	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kavijan (Persian: كويجان‎, also Romanized as Kavījān and Kevījān; also known as Kabīgūn) is a village in Banestan Rural District, in the Central District of Behabad County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Kavijan	Banestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunstock Mountain is the second highest peak in the Belknap Mountains of central New Hampshire with an elevation greater than 2240 feet (683 m).	Gunstock Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allandale Farm, also known as the John Harris House and Farm, and once as Faulkner Farm, is an historic farm at 284 Newton Street in Brookline and Boston, Massachusetts.	Allandale Farm	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krymławki (krɨmˈwafki) (German Krimlack) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barciany, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Krymławki	Gmina Barciany
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baker Creek State Park is located adjacent to Lake Thurmond, near the town of McCormick in the county of McCormick, South Carolina.	Baker Creek State Park	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	S-chanf ( (ʃtɕaɱf) ; German: Scanfs; Italian: Scanevo) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	S-chanf	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chay Bijar (Persian: چاي بيجار‎, also Romanized as Chāy Bījār; also known as Bāzār, Chāh Bījā, Chāh Bījār, Chāy Bejār, and Chay-Bidzhar) is a village in Chahar Farizeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar-e Anzali County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Chay Bijar	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coker Arboretum (5.3 acres) is an arboretum within the North Carolina Botanical Garden on the campus of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	Coker Arboretum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Chelborough is a small village and civil parish 7 miles (11 km) north-east of Beaminster in Dorset, England.	East Chelborough	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	WLOL-FM is a Catholic Religious broadcast radio station licensed to Star City, West Virginia and serving the Morgantown/Star City/Westover area.	WLOL-FM	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cadillac Place, formerly the General Motors Building, is a landmark high-rise office complex located at 3044 West Grand Boulevard in the New Center area of Detroit, Michigan.	Cadillac Place	Detroit
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tolombeh-ye Nosrat (Persian: تلمبه نصرت‎, also Romanized as Tolombeh-ye Noṣrat) is a village in Bandan Rural District, in the Central District of Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Tolombeh-ye Nosrat	Bandan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kouvola, Kuusankoski, Elimäki, Anjalankoski, Valkeala and Jaala -- were consolidated, accounting for the new municipality of Kouvola with a population of over 80,000, being the 10th largest city in Finland.	Anjalankoski	Kouvola
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sistan Rural District (Persian: دهستان سيستان‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Kuhpayeh District, Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Sistan Rural District	Kuhpayeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fittja is a part of Botkyrka Municipality and the name of the Stockholm metro station in the area.	Fittja	Botkyrka Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Carlen House, also known as the Carlen House Museum, is a historic house museum in Mobile, Alabama, United States.	Carlen House	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sentinel Plain volcanic field, also known as the Sentinel-Arlington volcanic field, is a monogenetic volcanic field in Arizona.	Sentinel Plain volcanic field	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kramkówka Mała (kramˈkufka ˈmawa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goniądz, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kramkówka Mała	Gmina Goniądz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowe Grabowo (ˈnɔvɛ ɡraˈbɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Nowe Grabowo	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germania Club Building, located at 108 W. Germania Place in the Near North Side community area of Chicago, Illinois, is the historic headquarters of the Germania Club, the oldest German-American organization in the city.	Germania Club Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue d'Austerlitz is a street in the 4th arrondissement of Lyon, in La Croix-Rousse quarter.	Rue d'Austerlitz	4th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drzymałowo (dʐɨmaˈwɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Drzymałowo	Gmina Rakoniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bab-e Shamil (Persian: باب شميل‎, also Romanized as Bāb-e Shamīl, Bāb-i-Shamīl, and Bāb Shamīl; also known as Bāb-i-Shamī) is a village in Golzar Rural District, in the Central District of Bardsir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Bab-e Shamil	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Second Leiter Building, also known as Leiter II Building and the Sears Building, is located at the northeast corner of South State Street and East Congress Parkway in Chicago, Illinois.	Second Leiter Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Howson Range is a north-south trending subrange of the Bulkley Ranges of the Hazelton Mountains in northern British Columbia, Canada.	Howson Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Daniel McCook House is a historic antebellum house in Carrollton, Ohio, that was home to several of the ``Fighting McCooks'', who rose to fame during the American Civil War.	Daniel McCook House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białotul (bjaˈwɔtul) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno, within Mogilno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Białotul	Gmina Mogilno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shakheh-ye Jadid (Persian: شاخه جديد‎, also Romanized as Shākheh-ye Jadīd) is a village in Hoseyni Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Shakheh-ye Jadid	Hoseyni Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arjeplog Municipality (Swedish: Arjeplogs kommun, Northern Sami: Arjepluovvi gielda) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden.	Arjeplog Municipality	Norrbotten County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Esjil (Persian: اسجيل‎, also Romanized as Esjīl) is a village in Golmakan Rural District, Golbajar District, Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Esjil	Golmakan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eurexpo is a convention center and exhibition hall in the commune of Chassieu, south-east of Lyon.	Eurexpo	Chassieu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Francis Winspear Centre for Music is a performing arts centre located in downtown Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	Francis Winspear Centre for Music	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sveti Rok is a small village in the Lovinac municipality, in Lika--	Sveti Rok	Lovinac
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hedon is a small town and civil parish in Holderness in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	Hedon	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Heights Military Academy was a private military academy in Lebanon, Tennessee, USA.	Castle Heights Military Academy	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kreki (ˈkrɛki) (German Kröken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kreki	Gmina Małdyty
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDRR also known as ``93.9 Bob FM'', is an adult hits radio station located in Augusta, Georgia.	WDRR	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holmdel Horn Antenna is a large microwave horn antenna that was used as a radio telescope during the 1960s at Bell Telephone Laboratories in Holmdel Township, Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Holmdel Horn Antenna	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shenendehowa High School, often shortened to Shen High School, is a public high school located in Clifton Park, New York, part of New York's Capital Region.	Shenendehowa High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alpes-Maritimes (French pronunciation: ​(alp.ma.ʁi.tim); Occitan: Aups Maritims) is a department of the Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region in the extreme southeast corner of France.	Alpes-Maritimes	Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur
located in the administrative territorial entity	All Souls, St Margarets is a Church of England church on Northcote Road in St Margarets in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames.	All Souls, St Margarets	London Borough of Richmond upon Thames
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug (Russian: Яма́ло-Не́нецкий автоно́мный о́круг, Yamalo-Nenetsky Avtonomny Okrug; Nenets: Ямалы-Ненёцие автономной ӈокрук) is a federal subject of Russia (an autonomous okrug of Tyumen Oblast).	Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Groton Monument, sometimes called the Fort Griswold Monument, is a granite monument in Groton, Connecticut.	Groton Monument	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shijingshan Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 石景山体育场) is a multi-use stadium in Beijing, China.	Shijingshan Stadium	Beijing
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheldon Concert Hall in St. Louis, Missouri was designed by noted 1904 World's Fair architect Louis C. Spiering and built in 1912 as the home of the Ethical Society of St. Louis.	The Sheldon	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Midland Cogeneration Venture (MCV) is a natural gas-fired electrical and steam co-generation plant in Midland, Michigan owned by Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership.	Midland Cogeneration Venture	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Concourse (simplified Chinese: 鸿福中心; traditional Chinese: 鴻福中心; pinyin: Hóngfú zhōngxīn) is a post-modern high-rise commercial and residential building on Beach Road in Kallang, Singapore.	The Concourse	Singapore
located in the administrative territorial entity	Christ Church, Lavender Bay is an Anglican church in the Sydney suburb of Lavender Bay, New South Wales, Australia, just north of the Sydney Harbour Bridge.	Christ Church, Lavender Bay	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang Rud Zizi (Persian: تنگ رودزيزي‎, also Romanized as Tang Rūd Zīzī; also known as Tang Rūd) is a village in Ludab Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Tang Rud Zizi	Ludab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zofingen District is a district in the Swiss canton of Aargau.	Zofingen District	Aargau
located in the administrative territorial entity	Przewięź (ˈpʂɛvjɛ̃ɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płaska, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Przewięź	Gmina Płaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBUE 105.5 FM, Long Beach, California, KBUA 94.3 FM, San Fernando, California, and KEBN 94.3 FM, Garden Grove, California, are a trimulcast comprising Que Buena 105.5/94.3 FM, a Spanish language regional Mexican music station owned by Liberman Broadcasting.	KBUE	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper Saranac Lake is one of three connected lakes, part of the Saranac River, in the towns of Santa Clara and Harrietstown, near the village of Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks in northern New York.	Upper Saranac Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	French Lick Municipal Airport (IATA: FRH, ICAO: KFRH, FAA LID: FRH) is a city-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) southwest of the central business district of French Lick, a town in Orange County, Indiana, United States.	French Lick Municipal Airport	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCSF (88.7 FM) is a radio station based in Joliet, Illinois broadcasting an eclectic college radio music format.	WCSF	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cruïlles, Monells i Sant Sadurní de l'Heura is a Spanish municipality of the Province of Girona, situated in the comarca (county) of Baix Empordà (Catalonia), formed in 1973 by merging the municipalities of Cruïlles, Monells, and Sant Sadurní de l'Heura.	Cruïlles, Monells i Sant Sadurní de l'Heura	Baix Empordà
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Teatro Capranica is a theatre situated at 101 Piazza Capranica in the Colonna district of Rome.	Teatro Capranica	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murray Hill Theatre is a Christian music venue and cafe located in Jacksonville, Florida.	Murray Hill Theatre	Jacksonville
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaz-e Lang (Persian: گزلنگ‎) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Gaz-e Lang	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nowruz-e Ali (Persian: نوروزعلي‎, also Romanized as Nowrūz-e ʿAlī) is a village in Holayjan Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nowruz-e Ali	Holayjan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad Minooyi (Persian: الله‌آباد مینوئی ‎) is a village in Corrin Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Allahabad Minooyi	Corrin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	WHUS is the commercial-free college radio station of the University of Connecticut.	WHUS	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Muir of Ord (Scottish Gaelic: Am Blàr Dubh) is a village in Highland, Scotland.	Muir of Ord	Highland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Centreville Layton School is a private Delaware school for children who learn differently.	Centreville Layton School	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	WDJO is an AM radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio that airs an oldies format.	WDJO	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunting Creek Railroad Bridge is a historic stone railroad bridge located at Morganton, Burke County, North Carolina.	Hunting Creek Railroad Bridge	Morganton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łysomiczki (wɨsɔˈmit͡ʂki) (German: Loitzerbrücke) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Łysomiczki	Gmina Dębnica Kaszubska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Güira de Melena is a municipality and town in the Artemisa Province since January 1.	Güira de Melena	Artemisa Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Almora is a municipal board and a cantonment town in the Almora district in the state of Uttarakhand, India.	Almora	Uttarakhand
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aaqbe, Akbeh, Aqbe, Akbe, Aaqabet, el-Aaqbe, Akraba, Aaqabet Rashaya or Akabe is a village and municipality situated 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Rashaya in the Rashaya District of the Beqaa Governorate in Lebanon.	Aaqbe	Rashaya
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Mary's Church of Lappee (Finnish: Lappeen Marian kirkko) is a wooden Evangelical Lutheran church in the center of Lappeenranta, Finland.	St. Mary's Church of Lappee	Lappeenranta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berglern is a municipality in the district of Erding in Bavaria,	Berglern	Erding
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Opernpassage (opera passage) in the Inner City of Vienna is a Grade II listed pedestrian underpass under the ring road (Ringstraße).	Opernpassage	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Penn State Fayette, The Eberly Campus is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University.	Penn State Fayette, The Eberly Campus	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anqing (simplified Chinese: 安庆; traditional Chinese: 安慶; pinyin: Ānqìng; literally: ``Peaceful Celebration'', also Anking, formerly Hwaining) is a prefecture-level city in the southwest of Anhui province, People's Republic of China.	Anqing	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Omobono Terme (previously Sant'Omobono Imagna) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Bergamo.	Sant'Omobono Terme	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mioduńskie (mjɔˈduɲskʲɛ) (German: Miodunsken; 1929-45:Immenhagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryn, within Giżycko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Mioduńskie	Gmina Ryn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nicola Lake is a glacially formed narrow, deep lake located in the South-Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada approximately ten kilometres northeast of the city of Merritt.	Nicola Lake	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowrand (Persian: گوراند‎, also Romanized as Gowrānd and Goorand; also known as Gerand and Kūrānd) is a village in Dizmar-e Markazi Rural District, Kharvana District, Varzaqan County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Gowrand	Kharvana District
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Catherine's Down is a chalk down on the Isle of Wight.	St. Catherine's Down	Isle of Wight
located in the administrative territorial entity	Escondido Adventist Academy (EAA) is a Seventh-day Adventist-governed private school in Escondido, California, serving students in grades K-12.	Escondido Adventist Academy	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ahmadsargurab District (Persian: بخش احمدسرگوراب‎) is a district (bakhsh) in Shaft County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Ahmadsargurab District	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zbory (ˈzbɔrɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Popów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Zbory	Gmina Popów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madewood Plantation House, also known as Madewood, is a former sugarcane plantation house on the Bayou Lafourche south of Napoleonville, Louisiana, USA.	Madewood Plantation House	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Grand Rapids Swing Bridge is a four span Pratt truss railroad swing bridge in Grand Rapids, Michigan.	Grand Rapids Swing Bridge	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Graceway Sports Complex is a multi-use sporting facilities in Providenciales, Turks and Caicos Islands.	Graceway Sports Complex	Providenciales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Los Medanos College (LMC) is a two-year community college in Pittsburg in Contra Costa County, California.	Los Medanos College	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alimorad Khan (Persian: عليمرادخان‎, also Romanized as ``Alīmorād Khān) is a village in Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 31, in 5 families.	Alimorad Khan	Itivand-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laurel Hill Tunnel is one of three original Pennsylvania Turnpike tunnels which were abandoned (this one in 1964) after two massive realignment projects.	Laurel Hill Tunnel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Choghukabad (Persian: چغوك اباد‎, also Romanized as 'Choghūkābād; also known as Joghūkābād) is a village in Azizabad Rural District, in the Central District of Narmashir County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Choghukabad	Azizabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrutyunjaya Nagaram is a panchayat in Parvathipuram mandal of Vizianagaram district in Andhra Pradesh, India.	Mrutyunjaya Nagaram	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Armenian Library and Museum of America (ALMA), located in Watertown, Massachusetts, United States, is an institution that has the largest collection of Armenian artifacts in North America.	Armenian Library and Museum of America	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvoabad (Persian: خواباد‎, also Romanized as Khvoābād) is a village in Shirvan Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Khvoabad	Shirvan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Warzenko (vaˈʐɛnkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przodkowo, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Warzenko	Gmina Przodkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maes Tegid is a community playing field in Bala, Wales.	Maes Tegid	Bala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parcele Łomskie (parˈt͡sɛlɛ ˈwɔmskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny, within Mława County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Parcele Łomskie	Gmina Lipowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	WJUC (``The Juice'') is a commercial Urban contemporary music radio station in Swanton, Ohio, broadcasting to the Swanton, Ohio-Toledo, Ohio area on 107.3 FM.	WJUC	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Northport High School is a four-year secondary school in East Northport, New York, that serves as the high school for the Northport-East Northport Union Free School District which is composed of Northport, Eatons Neck, Asharoken and much of East Northport, all located in the Town of Huntington.	Northport High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Bethesda Trail, previously known as the ``Bethesda Trolley Trail,'' is a 4.0-mile (6.4 km) long rail trail from the city of Rockville to Bethesda, Maryland.	North Bethesda Trail	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The building which housed Bikur Cholim Synagogue on Iranistan Avenue in Bridgeport, Connecticut, was built in 1894 as the home of South Congregational Church Mission, and was used by that church until 1907.	Bikur Cholim Synagogue	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oxbow Dam is a hydroelectric run-of-the-river rockfill dam on the Snake River on the Idaho-Oregon border, in Hells Canyon (river mile 273).	Oxbow Dam	Idaho	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Caddo Mounds State Historic Site (41CE19) (also known as the George C. Davis Site) is an archaeological site in Cherokee County, Texas used by peoples of the Caddoan Mississippian culture and is composed of a prehistoric village and ceremonial center.	Caddo Mounds State Historic Site	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Located in the heart of downtown Vancouver on 918 Granville Street, the Vogue Theatre has been one of the defining architectural achievements in Vancouver since its opening in 1941.	Vogue Theatre	Vancouver
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Buhl Building is a skyscraper and class-A office center in Downtown Detroit, Michigan.	Buhl Building	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Medina Masonic Temple and Medina Theater in Medina, Ohio is a building from 1924.	Medina Masonic Temple and Medina Theater	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Donnells Dam (National ID # CA00264) is a concrete arch dam located on the Middle Fork of the Stanislaus River in Tuolumne County, California.	Donnells Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Catlin Court Historic District, established in 1914, is significant for its historic association with an important period in the development of the city of Glendale, Arizona.	Catlin Court Historic District	Glendale
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake George State Forest is a designated protected area and state forest in the U.S. state of Florida.	Lake George State Forest	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biadeh (Persian: بياده‎, also Romanized as Bīādeh and Biyādeh) is a village in Hashivar Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Biadeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarfaryab Rural District (Persian: دهستان سرفارياب‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Sarfaryab Rural District	Sarfaryab District
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Alqueria d'Asnar (Valencian pronunciation: (laɫkeˈɾi.a ðaznaɾ), Spanish: Alquería de Aznar (alkeˈɾi.a ðe aθnar)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	L'Alqueria d'Asnar	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karghond Rural District (Persian: دهستان كرغند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Nimbeluk District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Karghond Rural District	Nimbeluk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arba Sar (Persian: ارباسر‎, also Romanized as Arbā Sar; also known as Jowlandān) is a village in Tula Rud Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Arba Sar	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dadukou District (simplified Chinese: 大渡口区; traditional Chinese: 大渡口區; pinyin: Dàdùkǒu Qū) a district of Chongqing municipality.	Dadukou District	Chongqing
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blue Ridge Reservoir is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona.	Blue Ridge Reservoir	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Widow Haviland's Tavern, also known as Square House Museum, is a historic inn and tavern building located at Rye, Westchester County, New York.	Widow Haviland's Tavern	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harsha Chhina is a village in the state of Punjab, India, three kilometers from Sri Guru Ram Dass Jee International Airport, Amritsar, on Ajnala Road.	Harsha Chhina	Punjab
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Goff Homestead is a historic colonial American house at 40 Maple Lane in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.	Goff Homestead	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prešeren Square (Slovene: Prešernov trg) is the central square in Ljubljana, the capital of Slovenia.	Prešeren Square	Ljubljana
located in the administrative territorial entity	WRRW-LP was a broadcast radio station formerly licensed to and serving Williamsburg, Virginia.	WRRW-LP	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kandis Kola (Persian: كنديس كلا‎, also Romanized as Kandīs Kolā; also known as Gondes Kolā and Kondes Kolā) is a village in Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District, Kojur District, Nowshahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Kandis Kola	Panjak-e Rastaq Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maffra is a town in Victoria, Australia, 220 kilometres (140 mi) east of Melbourne.	Maffra	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bethlehem Area Vocational-Technical School is a career & technical school located in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania in the Lehigh Valley region of Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Bethlehem Area Vocational-Technical School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilshire Branch is a branch library of the Los Angeles Public Library located in the Mid-Wilshire section of Los Angeles, California.	Wilshire Branch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shurab-e Nusazi (Persian: شوراب نوسازي‎, also Romanized as Shūrāb-e Nūsāzī; also known as Shūr Āb) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Shurab-e Nusazi	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Klavdia (Greek: Κλαυδιά; Turkish: Klavya or Alaniçi) is a village in the Larnaca District of Cyprus, located 10 km (6.2 mi) west of Larnaca.	Klavdia	Larnaca District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crap Mats is a mountain of the Glarus Alps, overlooking the Rhine valley near Bonaduz in the canton of Graubünden.	Crap Mats	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whilldin Building is the former office of Alabama architect David Oliver Whilldin.	Whilldin Building	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stephens-Black House is a 19th-century house featured in Historic Richmond Town on Staten Island, New York City.	The Stephens-Black House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Willingham St Mary is a village and civil parish in the English county of Suffolk located about 3.5 miles (6 km) south of Beccles along the A145 in the District of Waveney.	Willingham St Mary	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Churchill Theatre-Community Building is a historic movie theater located at Church Hill, Queen Anne's County, Maryland, United States.	Churchill Theatre-Community Building	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krucemburk (German: Kreuzberg), formerly Křížová (1949-1993), is a small town (městys) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Krucemburk	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alshus is a village in the municipality of Fredrikstad, Norway, situated on the island and former municipality of Kråkerøy.	Alshus	Fredrikstad
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Red Ghost Cave Archeological District in Cimarron County, Oklahoma near Kenton is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) archeological site that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.	Red Ghost Cave Archeological District	Cimarron County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gomdar Gewog (Dzongkha: སྒམ་དར་) is a gewog (village block) of Samdrup Jongkhar District, Bhutan.	Gomdar Gewog	Samdrup Jongkhar District
located in the administrative territorial entity	KWWK (96.5 FM, ``Quick Country 96.5'') is a radio station located in Rochester, Minnesota, with a country music format.	KWWK	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roccabella is a condominium complex under construction in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, located next to the Bell Centre in downtown Montreal, at Mountain Street and René-Lévesque Blvd. The project consists of two 40-floor towers containing 552 condominium units.	Roccabella	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Owosso Community Airport (ICAO: KRNP, FAA LID: RNP), is a public-use airport located in Caledonia Charter Township, two miles (3 km) east of Owosso, between the cities of Owosso and Corunna, in Shiawassee County, Michigan, United States.	Owosso Community Airport	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stoney Point (Trepanier) Aerodrome, (TC LID: CRJ2), is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southwest of Stoney Point in the township of Lakeshore Ontario, Canada.	Stoney Point (Trepanier) Aerodrome	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Bag-e Juzuiyeh (Persian: سربگجوزوييه‎, also Romanized as Sar Bag-e Jūzūīyeh) is a village in Deh Bakri Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Sar Bag-e Juzuiyeh	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dabu County (Chinese: 大埔县) is a county of Meizhou City, Guangdong Province, China, and a center of Hakka culture.	Dabu County	Meizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parque Explora is an interactive science museum in Medellín, Colombia, loosely modeled after San Francisco's Exploratorium.	Parque Explora	Medellín
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mahakuta group of temples is located in Mahakuta, a village in the Bagalkot district of Karnataka state, India.	Mahakuta group of temples	Bagalkot district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingdon Airpark is a general aviation airport located 4 miles southwest of Lodi, California.	Kingdon Airpark	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sannanallur (Tamil :சன்னாநல்லூர்) is a village in Tiruvarur district, Tamil Nadu and part of Nannilam Taluk.	Sannanallur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biała Górna (ˈbjawa ˈɡurna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kłobuck, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Biała Górna	Gmina Kłobuck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imionek (iˈmjɔnɛk) (German: Faulbruch) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Imionek	Gmina Pisz
located in the administrative territorial entity	St. Luzisteig Pass (el. 713 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps between the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland and Liechtenstein.	St. Luzisteig Pass	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Remte Manor (Latvian: Remtes muižas pils) is a manor house in the historical region of Zemgale, in Latvia.	Remte Manor	Zemgale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Banehha (Persian: دره بنه ها‎, also Romanized as Darreh Banehhā) is a village in Susan-e Sharqi Rural District, Susan District, Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Banehha	Susan-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dolenje Karteljevo (pronounced (dɔˈleːnjɛ kaɾtɛˈljeːʋɔ)) is a settlement in the hills north of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia.	Dolenje Karteljevo	Novo Mesto
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ta Meun (Khmer: ឃុំតាម៉ឺន) is a khum (commune) of Thma Koul District in Battambang Province in north-western Cambodia.	Ta Meun	Thma Koul District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bauneg Beg Mountain is a mountain summit located in the town of North Berwick, in York County in the state of Maine.	Bauneg Beg Mountain	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Węglowice (vɛnɡlɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wręczyca Wielka, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Węglowice	Gmina Wręczyca Wielka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gippsland Lakes Discovery Trail is a 25 km rail trail in East Gippsland, Victoria, Australia, sometimes known as the Mississippi Creek Trail.	Gippsland Lakes Discovery Trail	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cunninghame (Scottish Gaelic: Coineagan) is a former comital district of Scotland and also a district of the Strathclyde Region from 1975--1996.	Cunninghame	Strathclyde
located in the administrative territorial entity	Errancis Cemetery or Cimetière des Errancis is a former cemetery in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and was one of the four cemeteries (the others being Madeleine Cemetery, Picpus Cemetery and the Cemetery of Saint Margaret) used to dispose of the corpses of guillotine victims during the French Revolution.	Errancis Cemetery	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasiri (Persian: دسيري‎, also Romanized as Dasīrī) is a village in Chin Rural District, Ludab District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Dasiri	Chin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mullaghbrack, Mullabrack or Mullaghbrac (from Irish: Mullach Breac, meaning ``speckled hilltop'') is a small village, townland and civil parish in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Mullaghbrack	County Armagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	WCCK (95.7 FM, ``K95.7'') is a radio station licensed to serve Calvert City, Kentucky, USA.	WCCK	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Deym (Persian: تازه كندديم‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Deym) is a village in Hasanlu Rural District, Mohammadyar District, Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Deym	Hasanlu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tit-e Sofla (Persian: تيت سفلي‎, also Romanized as Tīt-e Soflá; also known as Tīt-e Pā'īn) is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tit-e Sofla	Alan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rifaina (Portuguese pronunciation: (ʁiˈfɐ̃jnɐ)) is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil.	Rifaina	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bomê County (Tibetan: སྤོ་མེས་རྫོང།སྤོ་སྨད་རྫོང་, Wylie: sPo mes rDzong, Chinese: 波密县; Pinyin: Bōmì Xiàn) is a county of the Nyingchi Prefecture in the south-east of the Tibet Autonomous Region.	Bomê County	Nyingchi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bad Liebenwerda is a spa town in the Elbe-Elster district, in southwestern Brandenburg, Germany.	Bad Liebenwerda	Elbe-Elster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sameakki Mean Chey District (Khmer: ស្រុកសាមគ្គីមានជ័យ) is a district (srok) in the south of Kampong Chhnang Province, in central Cambodia.	Sameakki Mean Chey District	Kampong Chhnang Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	St Breock (Cornish: Nanssans) is a village and a civil parish in north Cornwall, England, United Kingdom.	St Breock	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszonowice (vɨʂɔnɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów, within Strzelin County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Wyszonowice	Gmina Wiązów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allan A. Lamport Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium on King Street West in the Liberty Village neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Lamport Stadium	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Huntington State Beach is a protected beach in Southern California, located in the City of Huntington Beach in Orange County.	Huntington State Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alta Mesa Memorial Park is a non-denominational burial ground located in Palo Alto, Santa Clara County, California.	Alta Mesa Memorial Park	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blinek (ˈblinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rakoniewice, within Grodzisk Wielkopolski County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Blinek	Gmina Rakoniewice
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Toronto, Ontario (Incorporated 1888, annexed by Toronto in 1908) was an incorporated community in what is today a part of the city of Toronto, Canada.	East Toronto	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toano is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) west of Bologna and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Reggio Emilia.	Toano	Province of Reggio Emilia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aliabad-e Kuchak (Persian: علي ابادكوچك‎, also Romanized as ``Alīābād-e Kūchak) is a village in Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District, Zarrinabad District, Dehloran County, Ilam Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 35 families.	Aliabad-e Kuchak	Seyyed Nasereddin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Via Cassia was an important Roman road striking out of the Via Flaminia near the Milvian Bridge in the immediate vicinity of Rome and, passing not far from Veii traversed Etruria.	Via Cassia	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cobquecura is a town and commune (Spanish: comuna) in the Ñuble Province of Chile's eighth region of Biobío (VIII Región de Biobío).	Cobquecura	Ñuble Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandford Orcas is a village and parish in northwest Dorset, England, 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Sherborne.	Sandford Orcas	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beleni (Serbian Cyrillic: Белени) is a village in the municipality of Foča, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Beleni	Foča
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khvancheh (Persian: خوانچه‎, also Romanized as Khvāncheh and Khāncheh) is a village in Takab Rural District, in the Central District of Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Khvancheh	Takab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaniapuram is a municipality in Madurai district on the state of Tamil Nadu, India.	Avaniapuram	Madurai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weston Ranch is a subdivision of modest tract homes located in the southwestern corner of Stockton, California.	Weston Ranch	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benimarfull (Valencian: (benimaɾˈfuʎ), Spanish: (benimarˈful)) is a municipality in the comarca of Comtat in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Benimarfull	Comtat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aglish (Irish: An Eaglais, meaning ``the church'') is a village in west County Waterford, Ireland.	Aglish	County Waterford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Kamocka (ˈvɔla kaˈmɔt͡ska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Wola Kamocka	Gmina Grabica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Webb Mountain Park is a municipal park that offers hiking trails and campsites, located in Monroe, Connecticut.	Webb Mountain Park	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Castle of Losenstein is a castle ruin in Upper Austria.	Castle of Losenstein	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pumping Station Number Two (Persian: ايستگاه پمپاژشماره 2‎ -- Īstgāh-e Pampāzeh Shomāreh-ye Do) is a village and company town in Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Marvdasht County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pumping Station Number Two	Ramjerd-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dryandra Woodland is a nature conservation area in Western Australia within the Shires of Cuballing, Williams and Wandering, about 164 kilometres (102 mi) south-east of Perth and 22 kilometres (14 mi) north-west of the town of Narrogin.	Dryandra Woodland	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pluscarden Abbey is a Roman Catholic Benedictine monastery located in the glen of the Black Burn about 10 kilometres south-west of Elgin, in Moray, Scotland.	Pluscarden Abbey	Moray	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sandanski (Bulgarian: Сандански, formerly known as Sveti Vrach, Bulgarian: Свети Врач, until 1949) is a town and a recreation centre in south-western Bulgaria, part of Blagoevgrad Province.	Sandanski	Blagoevgrad Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luna Lounge was a bar at 171 Ludlow Street, on the west side of Ludlow Street on Manhattan's Lower East Side.	Luna Lounge	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diqing Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture (simplified Chinese: 迪庆藏族自治州; traditional Chinese: 迪慶藏族自治州; pinyin: Díqìng Zàngzú Zìzhìzhōu; Tibetan: བདེ་ཆེན་བོད་རིགས་རང་སྐྱོང་ཁུལ་, Wylie: Bde-chen Bod-rigs rang-skyong khul) is an autonomous prefecture in northwestern Yunnan province, China.	Diqing Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture	Yunnan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarrie Hall Dam is a minor ungated concrete faced rockfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled concrete-lined chute spillway across the Doon Doon Creek, located upstream of the small town of Uki, in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales, Australia.	Clarrie Hall Dam	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahrak-e Tavanir (Persian: شهرك توانير‎, also Romanized as Shahrak-e Tavānīr) is a village in Gachin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shahrak-e Tavanir	Gachin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old High St Stephen's Church (Scottish Gaelic: Seann Eaglais Ard) is a parish church of the Church of Scotland in Inverness, the capital city of the Highlands of Scotland.	Old High St Stephen's	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dziewkowice (d͡ʑɛfkɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German Schewkowitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie, within Strzelce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Dziewkowice	Gmina Strzelce Opolskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lamèque (2011 population: 1,432) is a Canadian town in Gloucester County, New Brunswick.	Lamèque	Gloucester County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain View Grand Resort & Spa -- formerly called the Mountain View House -- is a historic grand hotel at 101 Mountain View Road in Whitefield, New Hampshire, United States.	Mountain View House	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aluva West is a village in Aluva, Kochi in the state of Kerala, India.	Aluva West	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merchant Hall (grid reference ST565735) is a historic building on The Promenade, Clifton Down, Bristol, England.	Merchant Hall	Bristol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quail Mountains are located southwest of Death Valley National Park in eastern California, USA.	Quail Mountains	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deyang (simplified Chinese: 德阳; traditional Chinese: 德陽; pinyin: Déyáng) is a prefecture-level city of Sichuan province, People's Republic of China.	Deyang	Sichuan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Potrerillos, Cortés Department, Honduras, is growing into a city.	Potrerillos, Cortés	Cortés Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coffee Creek Correctional Facility is a women's prison and prisoner intake center in Wilsonville, Oregon, United States.	Coffee Creek Correctional Facility	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syosset High School, located on Southwoods Road in Syosset, New York, United States is the only public high school for residents of the Syosset Central School District.	Syosset High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eram Sadat (Persian: ارم سادات‎, also Romanized as Eram Sādāt) is a village in Ziabar Rural District, in the Central District of Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Eram Sadat	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District (Persian: دهستان اقبال غربي‎‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Eqbal-e Gharbi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 242 Summer Avenue in Reading, Massachusetts is a well preserved Shingle style house.	House at 242 Summer Avenue	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kangirsuk (in Inuktitut: ᑲᖏᕐᓱᖅ/Kangirsuq, meaning ``the bay'') is an Inuit village in northern Nunavik, Quebec, Canada.	Kangirsuk	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Albury Botanic Gardens are a botanical garden located in the city of Albury, New South Wales, Australia.	Albury Botanic Gardens	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mossbourne Community Academy is a coeducational secondary school and sixth form with academy status, located near Hackney Downs off the A104 road, in the Lower Clapton area of the London Borough of Hackney in England.	Mossbourne Community Academy	London Borough of Hackney
located in the administrative territorial entity	Campione d'Italia is an Italian comune (municipality) of the Province of Como in the Lombardy region, and an Italian exclave within the Swiss canton of Ticino, separated from the rest of Italy by mountains.	Campione d'Italia	Province of Como
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torre San Patrizio is a commune or municipality in the Province of Fermo in the Italian region Marche, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Ancona and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) north of Ascoli Piceno.	Torre San Patrizio	Province of Fermo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The San Francisco Marriott Marquis is a 133 m (436 ft) 39-story skyscraper in the Financial District of San Francisco, California.	San Francisco Marriott Marquis	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sumner Elementary School in Topeka, Kansas was involved in the Brown v. Board of Education case of Topeka in 1954.	Sumner Elementary School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 1994 Deir al-Balah was the first city to officially come under the control of the Palestinian National Authority as a result of the Gaza--	Deir al-Balah	Palestinian National Authority
located in the administrative territorial entity	The McIntosh Building is a historic commercial building at the corner of Chestnut and Worthington Streets in downtown Springfield, Massachusetts.	McIntosh Building	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falbogi Wielkie (falˈbɔɡi ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Falbogi Wielkie	Gmina Załuski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Top of the Park is a community of historic townhouse condominia located in Silver Spring, Maryland.	Top of the Park	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ornasowo (ɔrnaˈsɔvɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin, within Tczew County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Ornasowo	Gmina Pelplin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church and Mount Zion Cemetery is a historic church at 172 Garwin Road in Woolwich Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States.	Mount Zion African Methodist Episcopal Church and Mount Zion Cemetery	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Atchafalaya Basin Bridge, also known as the Louisiana Airborne Memorial Bridge, is a pair of parallel bridges in the U.S. state of Louisiana between Baton Rouge and Lafayette which carries Interstate 10 over the Atchafalaya Basin.	Atchafalaya Basin Bridge	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutch district (also spelled as Kachchh) is a district of Gujarat state in western India.	Kutch district	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arilje (Serbian Cyrillic: Ариље, pronounced (ǎriːʎɛ)) is a town and municipality in western Serbia, in the Zlatibor District.	Arilje	Zlatibor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1100 (FM 1100) is a 8.3-mile (13.36 km) state-maintained farm to market road located in Travis and Bastrop counties of the U.S. state of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1100	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daedeok District (Daedeok-gu) is a district in Daejeon, a metropolitan city in South Korea.	Daedeok District	Daejeon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Farmersville Times building is a historic Italianate building located in Farmersville, Texas.	Farmersville Times building	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Callaway Plantation is an open-air museum featuring several historic houses and other structures that is located in Washington, Georgia, U.S.A. The site was formerly a working plantation, owned by a family named Callaway since at least 1785.	Callaway Plantation	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chagha Sorkhak (Persian: چغاسرخك‎, also Romanized as Chaghā Sorkhak; also known as Chaghā Sorkheh) is a village in Haparu Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Chagha Sorkhak	Haparu Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fifth and Main Historic District is a collection of adjoining structures located on the northeast corner of the intersection of Main and Fifth streets in Jasper County in Joplin, Missouri, United States.	Fifth and Main Historic District	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mario Morales Coliseum (Spanish: Coliseo Mario Morales) is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Guaynabo, Puerto Rico.	Mario Morales Coliseum	Guaynabo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deer Creek Marsh Wildlife Management Area is an 1,195-acre (484 ha) New York State Wildlife Management Area (WMA) with a 4,500-foot (1,400 m) sandy beach on the eastern shore of Lake Ontario; it is in the Town of Richland in Oswego County, New York.	Deer Creek Marsh Wildlife Management Area	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rossarden is an old mining town in central Tasmania, located 19 km from Avoca and within sight of Ben Lomond.	Rossarden	Tasmania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bude Sea Pool is a partially man-made tidal swimming pool or lido in the rocks at Summerleaze Beach, Bude, Cornwall.	Bude Sea Pool	Cornwall
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kachholi is a village in Gujarat, India and lies near to the banks of the Ambika River.	Kachholi	Gujarat
located in the administrative territorial entity	T. R. Pugh Memorial Park (or The Old Mill) is a re-creation of an 1880s era water-powered grist mill located in North Little Rock, Arkansas.	T. R. Pugh Memorial Park	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greene Town Center, (also known as The Greene), is a mixed-use development located in Beavercreek, Ohio (an eastern suburb of Dayton in Greene County).	The Greene Town Center	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barf Chalasi (Persian: برف چالسي‎, also Romanized as Barf Chālasī) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Barf Chalasi	Sajjadrud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gibson Marine Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia, Canada, located on the southeast end of Flores Island in the central Clayoquot Sound region of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Gibson Marine Provincial Park	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khoda Karam (Persian: خداكرم‎, also Romanized as Khodā Karam) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Khoda Karam	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagnity (baɡˈnitɨ) (German: Bagnitten) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małdyty, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Bagnity	Gmina Małdyty
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gashnuiyeh-ye Pain (Persian: گشنوئيه پائين‎, also Romanized as Gashnū’īyeh-ye Pā’īn and Goshnū’īyeh-ye Pā’īn; also known as Gashnoo’eyeh, Gashnū’īyeh, and Gūshnūyeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Gashnuiyeh-ye Pain	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Al-Mastumah or Al Mastoume (Arabic: المسطومة‎) is a village in northern Syria, administratively part of Idlib Governorate, located 7 kilometers south of Idlib and 60 kilometers southwest of Aleppo.	Al-Mastumah	Idlib
located in the administrative territorial entity	Houseknecht Farm is a historic house and farm located at Moreland Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania.	Houseknecht Farm	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Salem County Courthouse is a courthouse located in Salem, Salem County, New Jersey.	Old Salem County Courthouse	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palacherla is a village situated in East Godavari district in Visakhapatnam region, in Andhra Pradesh State, India.	Palacherla	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sokolniki Suche (sɔkɔlˈniki ˈsuxɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieniawa, within Przysucha County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Sokolniki Suche	Gmina Wieniawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hamilton-Holly House located at 4 St. Mark's Place in the East Village section of Manhattan is a Federal style townhouse constructed in 1831.	Hamilton-Holly House	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dr. Henry Jacob Bigelow House at 72-80 Ober Road in Newton, Massachusetts is one of the last private residences designed by noted American architect Henry Hobson Richardson.	Dr. Henry Jacob Bigelow House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weiss Lake is a lake in northeastern Alabama that is owned and operated by the Alabama Power Company.	Weiss Lake	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirchakak (Persian: ميرچكك‎, also Romanized as Mīrchakak) is a village in Famur Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mirchakak	Jereh and Baladeh District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dowleta (Persian: دولتا‎, Sorani Kurdish: دەوڵەتا, also Romanized as Dowletā) is a village in Kalashi Rural District, Kalashi District, Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Dowleta	Kalashi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niederrœdern (German: Niederrödern) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in north-eastern France.	Niederrœdern	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beckington is a village and civil parish in the Mendip district of Somerset, England, across the River Frome from Lullington about three miles north of Frome.	Beckington	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brachówko (braˈxufkɔ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Choczewo, within Wejherowo County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Brachówko	Gmina Choczewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Baker Peters House is an antebellum house located on the south side of Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee, near the intersection of Peters Road and Kingston Pike.	Baker Peters House	Knoxville
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation is a United States reservation in northwestern Nevada ~approximately 35 miles (56 km) northeast of Reno, in Washoe, Storey, and Lyon Counties.	Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Ouiatenon, built in 1717, was the first fortified European settlement in what is now called Indiana.	Fort Ouiatenon	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kian (Persian: كيان‎‎, also Romanized as Kīān; also known as Shahr-e Kīān (Persian: شهر کیان), Shahrak and Sharar) is a city in the Central District of Shahrekord County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Kian	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dashu District (Chinese: 大樹區; pinyin: Dàshù Qū; Wade--Giles: Ta4-shu4 Ch'ü1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Toā-chhiū-khu) is a suburban district located in Kaohsiung City, Taiwan and shoring Kaoping River.	Dashu District	Kaohsiung City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ankerville (Scottish Gaelic: Cinn Dèis Bhig) is a village, located in Nigg, Ross-shire, Scotland, within the Scottish council area of Highland.	Ankerville	Scotland	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	WWHN is a radio station licensed in Joliet, Illinois serving the Chicago metropolitan area with an urban contemporary gospel format.	WWHN	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Mayo Free Press Building, built in 1888 to house the Mayo Free Press newspaper, is an historic 20x40-foot wooden frame building located at 124 Fletcher Street, North (State Road 51) in Mayo, Florida.	Old Mayo Free Press Building	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Champions Golf Club is a golf club located in Houston, Texas.	Champions Golf Club	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Miami (informally referred to as UM, U of M, or The U) is a private, nonsectarian research university located in Coral Gables, Florida, United States.	University of Miami	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krystynki (krɨsˈtɨnki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawicz, within Rawicz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Krystynki	Gmina Rawicz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharm Kola (Persian: شرم كلا‎, also Romanized as Sharm Kolā) is a village in Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Amol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sharm Kola	Harazpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Omaha Bolt, Nut and Screw Building is a warehouse building at 1316 Jones Street in Omaha, Nebraska, that was built in 1889.	Omaha Bolt, Nut and Screw Building	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khomeyniabad-e Darshahi (Persian: خميني اباددارشاهي‎, also Romanized as Khomeynīābād-e Dārshāhī; also known as Khomeynīābād) is a village in Dana Rural District, in the Central District of Dana County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Khomeyniabad-e Darshahi	Dana Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burton Hardware Store, also known as Burton Brothers Hardware Store, was a historic commercial building located at Seaford, Sussex County, Delaware.	Burton Hardware Store	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emamzadegan-e Jafar va Hashem (Persian: امامزادگان جعفروهاشم‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādegān-e Jaʿfar va Hāshem) is a village in Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Golpayegan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Emamzadegan-e Jafar va Hashem	Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biaj (Persian: بياج‎, also Romanized as Bīāj, Bayāj, and Beyāj; also known as Beyāch) is a village in Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Biaj	Seyyed Jamal ol Din Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abadeh Tashk Rural District (Persian: دهستان آباده طشك‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Abadeh Tashk District, Neyriz County, Fars Province, Iran.	Abadeh Tashk Rural District	Abadeh Tashk District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rhosneigr is a village in the south-west of Anglesey, North Wales.	Rhosneigr	Anglesey	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Front Range Community College (FRCC) is a two-year institution of higher learning with campuses in Westminster, Colorado;	Front Range Community College	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Høybråten Station (Norwegian: Høybråten stasjon) is a railway station located at Høybråten in Oslo, Norway, on the Trunk Line.	Høybråten Station	Oslo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hardyville Cemetery, also known as the Hardyville Pioneer Cemetery, at 1776 Arizona State Route 95 in Bullhead City, Arizona, is a historic 2.5-acre (1.0 ha) cemetery that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Hardyville Cemetery	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montcalm Community College (MCC), founded in 1965, is a two-year community college located in Sidney, Michigan.	Montcalm Community College	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Southampton Center Historic District encompasses the densely built center of the otherwise predominantly rural town of Southampton, Massachusetts.	Southampton Center Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 170 Otis Street in Newton, Massachusetts is a rare local work of the nationally known Boston architect Hammatt Billings.	House at 170 Otis Street	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite Belt is an area of the Great Dividing Range in the Darling Downs region of Queensland, Australia.	Granite Belt	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miami Valley Golf Club is a golf club located on both sides of the border between Fort McKinley (in Harrison Township, Montgomery County) and Dayton, Ohio, USA.	Miami Valley Golf Club	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fantasy Springs Resort Casino is a casino and hotel located south and east of Palm Springs, California near I-10 in Indio, California.	Fantasy Springs Resort Casino	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Portmahomack (Scottish Gaelic: Port Mo Chalmaig; 'Haven of My (i.e. 'Saint') Colmóc') is a small fishing village in Easter Ross, Scotland.	Portmahomack	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mall at Rockingham Park is the largest shopping mall in the state of New Hampshire, with 1,020,000 square feet (95,000 m2) of floor space.	Mall at Rockingham Park	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marataízes is the a municipality located by the Atlantic Ocean in southern Espírito Santo, Brazil.	Marataízes	Espírito Santo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seedamm-Center is a subsidiary of the Swiss Vögele Group which runs the shopping mall in the locality Pfäffikon of the municipality of Freienbach in the Canton of Schwyz.	Seedamm-Center	Canton of Schwyz
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mauriti (Portuguese pronunciation: (mawɾiˈtʃi)) is a municipality in the state of Ceará in the Northeast region of Brazil.	Mauriti	Ceará
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Licking Heights School District is a local, public school district mainly located in Pataskala, Ohio in Licking County, Ohio with a school in Blacklick, Ohio.	Licking Heights School District	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ohio Street Methodist Episcopal Church Complex, also known as Third Avenue Methodist Church and St. Ann Maronite Catholic Church, is a historic Methodist Episcopal church at 1921 Third Avenue in Watervliet, Albany County, New York.	Ohio Street Methodist Episcopal Church Complex	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Safra-ye Moqaddam (Persian: صفرامقدم‎, also Romanized as Şafrā-ye Moqaddam and Şafrā-e Maqadam; also known as Şafrā) is a village in Buzi Rural District, in the Central District of Shadegan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Safra-ye Moqaddam	Buzi Rural District	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bloomingdale School of Music (BSM) is a nonprofit community music school on the Upper West Side of New York City.	Bloomingdale School of Music	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alangan (Persian: الانگان‎, also Romanized as Ālāngān) is a village in Alamut-e Pain Rural District, Rudbar-e Alamut District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Alangan	Alamut-e Pain Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crotched Mountain is a small, isolated mountain in western Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, in the United States.	Crotched Mountain	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeshmeh Baneh (Persian: جشمه بنه‎; also known as Cheshmehbaneh) is a village in Nargesan Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Jeshmeh Baneh	Nargesan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Morteza Qoli Kandi (Persian: مرتضي قلي كندي‎, also Romanized as Morteẕá Qolī Kandī) is a village in Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Morteza Qoli Kandi	Charuymaq-e Jonubesharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Casas Grandes Municipality is located in the northern Mexican state of Chihuahua.	Casas Grandes Municipality	Chihuahua
located in the administrative territorial entity	Allahabad-e Jahangir Khan (Persian: الله اباد جهانگير خان‎, also Romanized as Allāhābād-e Jahāngīr Khān; also known as Allāhābād) is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Allahabad-e Jahangir Khan	Aliabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodenow Grove Nature Preserve is a unit of the Forest Preserve District of Will County located in Crete Township in Will County, Illinois.	Goodenow Grove Nature Preserve	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanharan (Welsh: Llanharan) is a village and community in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales.	Llanharan	Rhondda Cynon Taf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melavard (Persian: ملاورد‎, also Romanized as Melāvard) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Melavard	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamsek (Persian: شمسك‎) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Shamsek	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ruins of the former Splügen Castle (German: Burg Splügen) lie east of the village of Splügen in the Rheinwald forest in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Splügen Castle	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Archer Memorial Field (FAA LID: 2S3, formerly 95G) is a privately owned public-use airport located seven nautical miles (8 mi, 13 km) southeast of the central business district of St. Johns, in Clinton County, Michigan, United States.	Archer Memorial Field	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	KTSU (90.9 FM), known as ``The Choice'', is a college radio jazz-formatted radio station based out of the campus of Texas Southern University in Houston, Texas.	KTSU	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coreen is a locality in the Riverina region of New South Wales, Australia.	Coreen	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Patriot's Park (originally referred to as Brookside Park) is located on U.S. Route 9 along the boundary between Tarrytown and Sleepy Hollow in Westchester County, New York, United States.	Patriot's Park	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tenafly High School is a four-year comprehensive community public high school in Tenafly in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades as the lone secondary school of the Tenafly Public Schools.	Tenafly High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frazer United Methodist Church (Frazer UMC) is a United Methodist megachurch located at 6000 Atlanta Highway, Montgomery, Alabama.	Frazer United Methodist Church	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Międzyrzec Podlaski (mʲɛnˈd͡zɨʐɛt͡s pɔdˈlaskʲi) is a city in Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, Poland, with the population of 17,162 inhabitants as of 2006.	Międzyrzec Podlaski	Biała Podlaska County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wrightstown Octagonal Schoolhouse, also known as Wrightstown Eight Square School and Penns Park Octagonal School, is a historic one-room school located at Wrightstown, Wrightstown Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Wrightstown Octagonal Schoolhouse	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dibiyapur is an industrial town and a nagar panchayat in Auraiya district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.	Dibiyapur	Auraiya district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chance Cove Provincial Park, is a provincial park located approximately 20 km south of Renews-Cappahayden, Newfoundland and Labrador.	Chance Cove Provincial Park	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grouseland is a large, two-story red brick home built for William Henry Harrison in Vincennes, Indiana, during his term as Governor of the Indiana Territory.	Grouseland	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rotenburg an der Fulda (officially Rotenburg a.d. Fulda) is a town in Hersfeld-Rotenburg district in northeastern Hesse, Germany lying, as the name says, on the river Fulda.	Rotenburg an der Fulda	Hersfeld-Rotenburg	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canale Arena (formerly De La Salle Gymnasium) is the on-campus athletic facility for Christian Brothers University in Memphis, Tennessee.	Canale Arena	Memphis
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Bar Ahuyi (Persian: ده براهويي‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Bar Āhūyī) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Deh-e Bar Ahuyi	Sistan and Baluchestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ward Congregational Church, at 41 Modoc in Ward, Colorado, was built in 1894-95 and is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Ward Congregational Church	Ward, Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coast Guard Station Michigan City is a United States Coast Guard station located in Michigan City, Indiana.	Coast Guard Station Michigan City	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Minya Governorate (Arabic: محافظة المنيا‎‎) is one of the governorates of Upper Egypt.	Minya Governorate	Egypt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ołownik (ɔˈwɔvnik) (German: Launingken, from 1938-45 Sanden) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budry, within Węgorzewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.	Ołownik	Gmina Budry
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Little Ski Hill is a modest ski area in the western United States, located in west central Idaho, two miles (3 km) west of McCall.	Little Ski Hill	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shokrabad-e Kavir (Persian: شكرابادكوير‎, also Romanized as Shokrābād-e Kavīr; also known as Shokrābād and Salārābād) is a village in Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District, Javadabad District, Varamin County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Shokrabad-e Kavir	Behnamarab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boksburg is part of the Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality, that forms the local government of most of the East Rand.	Boksburg	Ekurhuleni Metropolitan Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahnsen Theological Seminary was a Reformed Calvinist theological training institution, based in Placentia, California.	Bahnsen Theological Seminary	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Lake Hodges Bridge is a component of Interstate 15 that spans Lake Hodges, just south of Escondido, California.	Lake Hodges Bridge	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poor Mountain is a ridge of high peaks located in Roanoke County, Virginia and Montgomery County, Virginia.	Poor Mountain	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąskowo (ɡɔ̃sˈkɔvɔ) (German: Ganzkow) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dygowo, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Gąskowo	Gmina Dygowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sant'Ambrogio della Massima (also Sant'Ambrogio alla Massima) is a Roman Catholic church in rione Sant'Angelo, Rome, Italy, that perhaps dates to the 4th century.	Sant'Ambrogio della Massima	Sant'Angelo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duran Darreh (Persian: دوراندره‎, also Romanized as Dūrān Darreh, Darrān Darreh, Darān Darreh, Darun Darreh, and Dowrān Darreh) is a village in Hemmatabad Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Duran Darreh	Hemmatabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	S. S. Seward Institute is the secondary school in the Florida Union Free School District in Orange County, New York, USA.	S. S. Seward Institute	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gültlingen is a small village in Baden-Württemberg, Germany and is considered a part (a Stadtteil) of the larger Wildberg.	Gültlingen	Baden-Württemberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Old Thames Shipyard is a historic shipyard on the Thames River at the end of Farnsworth Street in New London, Connecticut.	Old Thames Shipyard	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cecil Airport (IATA: VQQ, ICAO: KVQQ, FAA LID: VQQ) is a public joint civil-military airport and spaceport located in Jacksonville, Florida.	Cecil Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmil (Persian: سرميل‎, also Romanized as Sarmīl, Sar-e Mīl, and Sar-i-Mil; also known as Sar-e Mīl-e Soflá and Shīrīnābād) is a village in Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District, in the Central District of Dalahu County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sarmil	Howmeh-ye Kerend Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoyt Sherman Place is the home of Hoyt Sherman, built in 1877 and located in Des Moines, Iowa.	Hoyt Sherman Place	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kharnal is the village in Nagaur district of Rajasthan, India.	Kharnal	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Adelaide is an Australian electoral division in South Australia and is named for the city of Adelaide, South Australia's capital.	Division of Adelaide	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Multnomah County Sheriff's Office (MCSO) serves the close to 700,000 residents of Multnomah County, Oregon, United States.	Multnomah County Sheriff's Office	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drummoyne Boys' High School (abbreviation:DBHS) is a former high school in the inner western Sydney suburb of Drummoyne, New South Wales, Australia.	Drummoyne Boys' High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bunlap is a village in the south-east of Pentecost Island in the Pacific archipelago of Vanuatu.	Bunlap	Pentecost Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Estadio Municipal de Pasarón is an all-seater football stadium located in Pontevedra.	Estadio Municipal de Pasarón	Pontevedra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hartwood Airport is a former airport located in Hartwood, Virginia.	Hartwood Airport	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mairwa is a town and a notified area in Siwan district in the Indian state of Bihar.	Mairwa	Siwan district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plymouth North High School, known informally as Plymouth North or PNHS, is a public high school located in Plymouth, Massachusetts.	Plymouth North High School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles H. Patten House is a Chateauesque and Queen Anne style home located at 17 N. Benton Street in Palatine, Illinois.	Charles H. Patten House	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tiranny (from Irish: Tuath Threana, meaning ``territory of Trena'') is a barony in County Armagh, Northern Ireland.	Tiranny	County Armagh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hôtel Biron is an hôtel particulier in the rue de Varenne, in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, that was built from 1727 to 1732 to the designs of the architect Jean Aubert.	Hôtel Biron	7th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siemens Arena, located in Šeškinė elderate of Vilnius, is the second largest arena in Lithuania.	Siemens Arena	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Longformacus (Scottish Gaelic: Longphort Mhacais) is a small village in Berwickshire in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	Longformacus	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ozumchi (Persian: ازومچي‎, also Romanized as Ozūmchī; also known as Owzūmchī and Ūzūmchī) is a village in Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Ozumchi	Abbas-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biegonity (bjɛɡɔˈnitɨ) (German: Begnitten) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bisztynek, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Biegonity	Gmina Bisztynek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crystal Springs Dam is a gravity dam constructed across the San Mateo Creek, impounding water to form the Lower Crystal Springs Reservoir in San Mateo County, California.	Crystal Springs Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kopomá Municipality (Yucatec Maya: ``low or sunken water'') is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing (260.59 km2) of land and is located roughly 50 kilometres (31 mi) sourhwest of the city of Mérida.	Kopomá Municipality	Yucatán
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lolol (Mapudungun: ``land of crabs and holes''; Spanish pronunciation: (loˈlol)) is a Chilean commune and town in Colchagua Province, O'Higgins Region.	Lolol	Colchagua Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gattubhoothkur is a village in Karimnagar district, in the Indian state of Telangana.	Gattubhoothkur	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sheeprock Mountains are a 24-mile (39 km) long mountain range located in extreme southeast Tooele County, Utah, and part of northeast Juab County.	Sheeprock Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tubac Presidio State Historic Park, located in Tubac, Arizona, USA, preserves the ruins of the Presidio San Ignacio de Tubac and various other buildings, thereby presenting a timeline of human settlement in this Southern Arizona town.	Tubac Presidio State Historic Park	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Çobanlar (Ancient Greek: Αναβωρα, Anabora or Anabura) is a town and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in the Aegean region of Turkey, a plain 25 km east of the city of Afyon.	Çobanlar	Afyonkarahisar Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	McLean Park is a sports ground in Napier, New Zealand.	McLean Park	Napier
located in the administrative territorial entity	CJRQ-FM is a Canadian radio station, which broadcasts in Sudbury, Ontario.	CJRQ-FM	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Echo Dam is a dam in Summit County, Utah, standing about six miles north of Coalville and creating Echo Reservoir.	Echo Dam	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kisom Jukol (Persian: كيسم جوكل‎, also Romanized as Kīsom Jūkol; also known as Kīsom Jūykol) is a village in Kisom Rural District, in the Central District of Astaneh-ye Ashrafiyeh County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kisom Jukol	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Ospenke is a left tributary of the Söse near Osterode in the Harz Mountains of central Germany in the state of Lower Saxony.	Ospenke	Lower Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kur Molla (Persian: كورملا‎, also Romanized as Kūr Mollā) is a village in Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District, Tekmeh Dash District, Bostanabad County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kur Molla	Abbas-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Comanche National Grassland is a National Grassland located in southeastern Colorado, United States.	Comanche National Grassland	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fundata (German: Fundatten; Hungarian: Fundáta) is a commune in Braşov County, Romania, in the historic region of Transylvania.	Fundata	Braşov County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaqelestan (Persian: قاقلستان‎, also Romanized as Qāqelestān and Qāqlestān; also known as Qal``eh-ye Qāqelestān) is a village in Miyan Darband Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 181, in 33 families.	Qaqelestan	Miyan Darband Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Betts Park is a public park in Penge, London Borough of Bromley, in London, England.	Betts Park	London Borough of Bromley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taleqan Tappeh (Persian: طالقان تپه‎, also Romanized as Ţāleqān Tappeh; also known as Ţāleqānī Tappeh and Shāh Tappeh) is a village in Fajr Rural District, in the Central District of Gonbad-e Qabus County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Taleqan Tappeh	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Entiat Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington, on the northeast slopes of Mount Maude.	Entiat Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kluane Lake is located in the southwest area of the Yukon.	Kluane Lake	Yukon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guvas (Persian: گووس‎, also Romanized as Gūvās; also known as Govās, Govos, and Gūās) is a village in Hudian Rural District, in the Central District of Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Guvas	Hudian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Battalion Park is a geoglyph site in south west Calgary, Alberta, Canada.	Battalion Park	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Turks and Caicos Islands (/ˈtɜːrks/ and /ˈkeɪkəs/ / /ˈkeɪkoʊs/ / /ˈkeɪkɒs/), or TCI for short, are a British Overseas Territory consisting of the larger Caicos Islands and smaller Turks Islands, two groups of tropical islands in the Lucayan Archipelago, north of the larger Antilles island grouping.	Turks and Caicos Islands	British Overseas Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Embracing the Lake Chao, from which the city was named, Chaohu borders the provincial capital of Hefei to the northwest, Lu'an to the west, Anqing to the southwest, Tongling to the south, Wuhu to the southeast, and Ma'anshan and the province of Jiangsu to the east.	Chaohu	Hefei
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melbury Abbas is a village and civil parish in north Dorset, England, situated between Shaftesbury and Blandford Forum on the edge of Cranborne Chase, close to Melbury Down.	Melbury Abbas	Dorset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Circle C Ranch (also known as Circle C) is a large master-planned community in southwest Austin, Texas, USA.	Circle C Ranch	Austin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tullahoma Regional Airport (IATA: THA, ICAO: KTHA, FAA LID: THA), also known as William Northern Field, is a public use airport in Coffee County, Tennessee, United States.	Tullahoma Regional Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Back Bay Cemetery, the original cemetery in Yellowknife, Northwest Territories, Canada, is located on Back Bay, a section of Yellowknife Bay on Great Slave Lake.	Back Bay Cemetery	Yellowknife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sheykh Jabrail (Persian: شيخ جبرئيل‎, also Romanized as Sheykh Jabra’īl and Sheykh Jabr’īl; also known as Chekān-e Mansūrī, Shaikh Jarwāil, and Sheykh Jarvā’īl) is a village in Gowavar Rural District, Govar District, Gilan-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Sheykh Jabrail	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plymouth County Correctional Facility is a maximum-security prison located in Plymouth, Massachusetts Operated by the Plymouth County Sheriff's Department.	Plymouth County Correctional Facility	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sulmierzyce (sulmʲɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ) (German: Sulmierschütz) is a town in Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, Poland, located southeast of Poznań, at 51°36′N 17°32′E. It is the birthplace of famous Polish poet Sebastian Klonowic.	Sulmierzyce	Krotoszyn County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrigtwohill, officially Carrigtohill /ˌkærɪɡˈtuːhɪl/ (Irish: Carraig Thuathail, meaning ``Tuathal's rock''), is a town in County Cork, Ireland with a population of 6,665 (2011).	Carrigtwohill	County Cork
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lungotevere delle Navi is the stretch of lungotevere linking Ponte Giacomo Matteotti to Piazzale delle Belle Arti in Rome, in the Flaminio district.	Lungotevere delle Navi	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pollegio is a municipality in the district of Leventina in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland, located in the lower Leventina (valley crossed by the river Ticino).	Pollegio	Ticino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzóstownia (bʐusˈtɔvɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Brzóstownia	Gmina Książ Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Ashwood is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, located 11 km (7 mi) north of Woss.	Mount Ashwood	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	George R. Martin Elementary School is an elementary school in Seekonk, Massachusetts.	George R. Martin Elementary School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turkey Run Wildlife Management Area, is located immediately north of Ravenswood, West Virginia in Jackson County.	Turkey Run Wildlife Management Area	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Girraween High School is an academically selective, Public, co-educational high school, located in Girraween, in the Greater Western Suburbs of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	Girraween High School	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmera (Valencian pronunciation: (paɫˈmeɾa)) is a municipality in the comarca of Safor in the Valencian Community, Spain.	Palmera	Safor
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalte Bode is the left-hand headstream of the River Bode in the High Harz Mountains in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.	Kalte Bode	Saxony-Anhalt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khijadiya Bird Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary located in Jamnagar district of Gujarat, India.	Khijadiya Bird Sanctuary	Jamnagar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	WOWK Television Tower is a 338.94 metre (1,112 ft) tall guyed TV mast at Huntington, West Virginia, United States.	WOWK Television Tower	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Mango Cilento is an Italian hamlet (frazione) of the municipality of Sessa Cilento in the province of Salerno, Campania region.	San Mango Cilento	Sessa Cilento
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cache Valley is an agricultural valley of northern Utah and southeast Idaho that includes the Logan metropolitan area.	Cache Valley	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bubel-Łukowiska (ˈbubɛl wukɔˈvʲiska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów Podlaski, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.	Bubel-Łukowiska	Gmina Janów Podlaski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skolimowo (skɔliˈmɔvɔ) (German: Skollmen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Skolimowo	Gmina Pasłęk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niespusza-Wieś (ɲɛsˈpuʂa ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chąśno, within Łowicz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Niespusza-Wieś	Gmina Chąśno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chalunak (Persian: چلونك‎, also Romanized as Chalūnak and Chilūnak) is a village in Afriz Rural District, Sedeh District, Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chalunak	Afriz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vermilion Cliffs are the second ``step'' up in the five-step Grand Staircase of the Colorado Plateau, in northern Arizona and southern Utah.	Vermilion Cliffs	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Key West Butterfly and Nature Conservatory located at 1316 Duval Street, Key West, Florida, USA is a butterfly park that houses from 50-60 different species of live butterflies from around the world in a climate controlled, glass enclosed habitat.	Key West Butterfly and Nature Conservatory	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wormit (from Scots: Wirmit, meaning ``wormwood'') is a small town on the banks of the Firth of Tay in north-east Fife, Scotland.	Wormit	Fife
located in the administrative territorial entity	Święta Lipka (ˈɕfjɛnta ˈlipka) (German: Heiligelinde) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Święta Lipka	Gmina Reszel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barzul (Persian: برزول‎, also Romanized as Barzūl) is a city in and capital of Zarrin Dasht District, in Nahavand County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Barzul	Hamadan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis (German for district of Lower Silesian Upper Lusatia) was the easternmost Kreis (district) of the Free State of Saxony and Germany.	Niederschlesischer Oberlausitzkreis	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Throgmorton Street is a minor road in the City of London between Lothbury in the west and Old Broad Street to the east.	Throgmorton Street	City of London
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Art Gallery of Peterborough is a free admission, non-profit public art gallery in Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, a registered charity that depends on the support of its members.	Art Gallery of Peterborough	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowville Halt is an intermediate stopping place on the northerly section of the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man.	Crowville Halt	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pat Rud Pey (Persian: پطرودپي‎, also Romanized as Paţ Rūd Pey) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Bandpey-ye Gharbi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Pat Rud Pey	Shahidabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Borough of Sebastopol was a local government area about 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of the regional city of Ballarat, Victoria, Australia.	Borough of Sebastopol	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Taixing (simplified Chinese: 泰兴; traditional Chinese: 泰興; pinyin: Tàixīng) is a county-level city under the administration of Taizhou, Jiangsu province, China.	Taixing	Taizhou
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barbin (Persian: باربين‎, also Romanized as Bārbīn) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barbin	Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Biederbick is the highest mountain of the Conger Range on Ellesmere Island, Nunavut, Canada.	Mount Biederbick	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Syedpally is a village and panchayat in Ranga Reddy district, TS, India.	Syedpally	Ranga Reddy district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mehrabad-e Mazidi (Persian: مهرابادمزيدي‎, also Romanized as Mehrābād-e Mazīdī; also known as Mehrābād) is a village in Fasarud Rural District, in the Central District of Darab County, Fars Province, Iran.	Mehrabad-e Mazidi	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chycza-Brzóstki (ˈxɨt͡ʂa ˈbʐustki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nagłowice, within Jędrzejów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Chycza-Brzóstki	Gmina Nagłowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janephal is a village in Mehkar tehsil in Buldhana district, Maharashtra, India.	Janephal	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	Low Lake (or Lac Low) is a lake in western Quebec, Canada.	Low Lake	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamaki (Persian: چمكي‎, also Romanized as Chamakī) is a village in Tala Tappeh Rural District, Nazlu District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chamaki	Tala Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sartakeh (Persian: سارتكه‎, also Romanized as Sārtakeh and Sār Tekeh) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Sartakeh	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	South Canaan Congregational Church is a historic Congregational church building at CT 63 and Barnes Road in the town of Canaan, Connecticut.	South Canaan Congregational Church	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kermaran (Persian: كرمران‎, also Romanized as Kermarān and Kermerān; also known as Kerīmnūn and Kirimun) is a village in Ruydar Rural District, Ruydar District, Khamir County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kermaran	Ruydar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	York University Heights, also known as Northwood Park, is one of the northernmost neighbourhoods in the city of Toronto, Ontario.	York University Heights	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tadvai is a village and mandal headquarters in Warangal district, Telangana, India.	Tadvai	Telangana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Disappointment, or Kumpupirntily in the indigenous language, is an endorheic salt lake located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.	Lake Disappointment	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mongu is the capital of Western Province in Zambia and was the capital of the formerly-named province and historic state, Barotseland.	Mongu	Western Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Bonnie Brae Tract Historic District is a historic district of Victorian houses in Los Angeles, California, along the 1000 block of South Bonnie Brae Street and the 1800 block of West 11th Street in the Pico Union section of the city.	South Bonnie Brae Tract Historic District	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Formula One United States Grand Prix was held on the Phoenix street circuit in Phoenix, Arizona, between 1989 and 1991.	Phoenix street circuit	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	French Lake Reservoir (National ID # CA00247) is a reservoir in Nevada County, California.	French Lake Reservoir	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gushik (Persian: گوشيك‎, also Romanized as Gūshīk and Gūshīg; also known as Kūchek) is a village in Qaen Rural District, in the Central District of Qaen County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gushik	Qaen Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohiabad (Persian: محي آباد‎, also Romanized as Moḩīābād, Mohīābād, and Mohyābād; formerly, Muhyiddinabad (Persian: محي آباد), also Romanized as Muhyiddin Abad) is a city in Mahan District, Kerman County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohiabad	Mahan District
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Hanover County Extension Service Arboretum (7 acres) is a new arboretum being established on the grounds of the New Hanover County Cooperative Extension Service, 6206 Oleander Drive, Wilmington, North Carolina.	New Hanover County Extension Service Arboretum	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockway Mennonite Collegiate (RMC) is an independent Mennonite high school located in Kitchener, Ontario.	Rockway Mennonite Collegiate	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	In 2007 municipality of Ruukki joined together with Siikajoki.	Ruukki	Siikajoki
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mid-America Science Museum is a science museum located in Hot Springs, Arkansas.	Mid-America Science Museum	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassio Road, also known as the West Herts Sport Ground, is a sports ground in Watford in England.	Cassio Road	Watford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miles Law School is a state accredited law school located in Birmingham, Alabama.	Miles Law School	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Village is a rural community of approximately 500 people located along Trunk 2 and the north shore of Cobequid Bay in Colchester County, Nova Scotia.	Great Village	Nova Scotia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swallowfield Park is a Grade II* listed stately home and estate in the English county of Berkshire.	Swallowfield Park	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Theresienhöhe is a newly created district of Munich.	Theresienhöhe	Munich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qardashabad (Persian: قرداش اباد‎, also Romanized as Qardashābād) is a village in Nujin Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Qardashabad	Nujin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Olympic Club Hotel is a historic hotel owned by McMenamins Pubs & Breweries in Centralia, Washington, United States.	Olympic Club Hotel	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Waldo Covered Bridge, also known as the Riddle Mill Covered Bridge, is a privately owned wood & metal combination style covered bridge that spans Talladega Creek in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.	Waldo Covered Bridge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freeman Academy is a private, Christian elementary school and high school in Freeman, South Dakota, that serves students in grades 1-12.	Freeman Academy	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Loring Air Force Base Arch Hangar is an arch hangar located at Loring International Airport in Limestone, Maine.	Loring Air Force Base Arch Hangar	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Meysam (Persian: محمدابادميثم‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Meys̱am) is a village in Kabutar Khan Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Meysam	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishop Alexander Carter Catholic Secondary School is a Roman Catholic high school in Greater Sudbury, Ontario, Canada, located on Francis Street in the community of Hanmer.	Bishop Alexander Carter Catholic Secondary School	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roskosz (ˈrɔskɔʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Roskosz	Gmina Biała Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Knapwell is a hamlet in Cambridgeshire situated about 10 miles (16 km) west of Cambridge.	Knapwell	Cambridgeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bishops Cap (9,127 feet (2,782 m)) is located in the Lewis Range, Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.	Bishops Cap	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orange Board of Education is a comprehensive community public school district that is headquartered in the city of Orange, New Jersey, United States, and serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade.	Orange Board of Education	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tukamjan (Persian: توكامجان‎, also Romanized as Tūkāmjān; also known as Takām Chān and Takāmjān) is a village in Siyarastaq Yeylaq Rural District, Rahimabad District, Rudsar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Tukamjan	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Gingera is a mountain with an elevation of 1,857 metres (6,093 ft) AHD located within the Brindabella Ranges on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales in Australia.	Mount Gingera	Australian Capital Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Berrimah Road is a major arterial road in the outer eastern suburbs of Darwin, Northern Territory Australia.	Berrimah Road	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neale Junction is an isolated location in the Great Victoria Desert of Western Australia, where the Anne Beadell and Connie Sue Highways intersect.	Neale Junction	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Młodzikówko (mwɔd͡ʑiˈkufkɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Młodzikówko	Gmina Krzykosy
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monash Institute of Medical Research (MIMR), was an Australian medical research institute located in the Melbourne suburb of Clayton, Victoria, consisting of 400 scientists and students belonging to the Faculty of Medicine, Nursing and Health Sciences at Monash University.	Monash Institute of Medical Research	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Meyvanah (Persian: ميونه‎) is a village in Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Meyvanah	Gavork-e Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pokrzywnica Wielka (pɔkʂɨvˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛlka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Pokrzywnica Wielka	Gmina Janowiec Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Simeon B. Robbins House, or The Miner's Cabin, is a historic home located at Franklinville in Cattaraugus County, New York.	Simeon B. Robbins House	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kabutardarreh (Persian: كبوتردره‎, also Romanized as Kabūtardarreh) is a village in Hablerud Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Kabutardarreh	Hablerud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Europa Point Stadium is a proposed UEFA Category 4 multi-function stadium to be built in Gibraltar.	Europa Point Stadium	Gibraltar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bullock's Pasadena, located at 401 S. Lake Ave. in Pasadena, California, is a 240,000-square foot (21 368 m²) Streamline Moderne Art Deco architectural style building now in use as a Macy's department store.	Bullock's Pasadena	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Augusta State Airport (IATA: AUG, ICAO: KAUG, FAA LID: AUG) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of the state capital of Augusta, a city in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.	Augusta State Airport	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Que Pasa Radio was a network of radio stations in North Carolina broadcasting music and news in Spanish.	Que Pasa Radio	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bogucice (German: Bogutschütz) is a district of Katowice, in Poland.	Bogucice	Katowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rostamabad-e Dehvast (Persian: رستم آباد دهوست‎, also Romanized as Rostamābād-e Dehvast; also known as Rostamābād) is a village in Gafr and Parmon Rural District, Gafr and Parmon District, Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Rostamabad-e Dehvast	Gafr and Parmon Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bis Koti (Persian: بيس كتي‎, also Romanized as Bīs Kotī) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District, Bandpey-ye Sharqi District, Babol County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bis Koti	Firuzjah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tai Po Kau (Chinese: 大埔滘) is an area south of the town of Tai Po in Hong Kong, which was the site of the former Tai Po Kau Station on the Kowloon-Canton Railway.	Tai Po Kau	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarffe's Crossing is a diminutive and little-used request stop on the Manx Electric Railway on the Isle of Man	Scarffe's Crossing	Isle of Man
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rastupey Rural District (Persian: دهستان راستوپي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Rastupey Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seaman High School is a public secondary school in Topeka, Kansas, USA for students from grades 9 to 12.	Seaman High School	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jonesborough Historic District is a historic district in Jonesborough, Tennessee, that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Jonesboro Historic District (reflecting the spelling of the town name at the time) in 1969.	Jonesborough Historic District	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spodnja Branica (pronounced (ˈspoːdnja bɾaˈniːtsa)) is a village in western Slovenia in the municipality of Nova Gorica.	Spodnja Branica	Nova Gorica
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shoshone Mountains, in west central Nevada, make up one of the longest mountain ranges in the state.	Shoshone Mountains	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The River Box is a small river, 11 miles (18 km) in length, that flows through Suffolk, England.	River Box	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Spinone al Lago is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Milan and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Bergamo, on the left bank of the Lake Endine.	Spinone al Lago	Province of Bergamo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Château Villette, located 40 minutes away from Paris in Condécourt, France, is a manor house hotel containing 18 bedrooms.	Château Villette	Condécourt
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hale is an area and ward within the London Borough of Barnet.	The Hale	London Borough of Barnet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nuthampstead is a small village and civil parish in North East Hertfordshire located a few miles south of the town of Royston.	Nuthampstead	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Institut et Musée Voltaire is a museum in Geneva dedicated to the life and works of Voltaire.	Institut et Musée Voltaire	Geneva
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crowdecote (sometimes spelled Crowdicote) is a small village on the border between Derbyshire and Staffordshire about 6 miles (9.7 km) south of Buxton.	Crowdecote	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Feza Gürsey Science Center (Turkish: Feza Gürsey Bilim Merkezi, FGBM) is a science museum in Ankara, Turkey.	Feza Gürsey Science Center	Ankara
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murščak (pronounced (ˈmuːɾʃtʃak)) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Murščak	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howard's Inheritance is a historic home near Annapolis, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.	Howard's Inheritance	Anne Arundel County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karkevand Rural District (Persian: دهستان كركوند‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Mobarakeh County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Karkevand Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Washington County Museum is a history museum located in downtown Hillsboro, Oregon, United States.	Washington County Museum	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annablu (Persian: عنابلو‎, also Romanized as ``Annāblū) is a village in Garamduz Rural District, Garamduz District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 283, in 54 families.	Annablu	Garamduz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hole in the Mountain Peak is the highest mountain in the East Humboldt Range of mountains in Elko County, Nevada, United States.	Hole in the Mountain Peak	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cumberland County Vocational School District is a vocational public school district based in Bridgeton, serving the vocational and training needs of high school students in ninth through twelfth grades and adults from Cumberland County, New Jersey, United States.	Cumberland County Vocational School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Biddenham is a large village and a civil parish in Bedfordshire, England, located to the west of Bedford near the A428 road.	Biddenham	Bedfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitman Glacier is a medium-sized glacier on the eastern flank of Little Tahoma Peak, a sub-peak of Mount Rainier in Washington.	Whitman Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Catcleugh Reservoir is a reservoir in Northumberland, England adjacent to the A68 road; just north of Byrness; and to the south of the border with Scotland.	Catcleugh Reservoir	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	L'Aventure, or Stephan Vineyards, is a California wine estate producing signature red wine blends utilizing what are traditionally Bordeaux and Rhône grape varietals.	L'Aventure	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Crawley Baths was a public swimming facility, in Matilda Bay, near Crawley, Western Australia along Mounts Bay Road.	Crawley Baths	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Granite School District spreads across central Salt Lake County, Utah, serving West Valley City, Taylorsville, South Salt Lake, and Holladay;	Granite School District	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Air Station North Island or NAS North Island (IATA: NZY, ICAO: KNZY, FAA LID: NZY) is located at the north end of the Coronado peninsula on San Diego Bay and is the home port of several aircraft carriers of the United States Navy.	Naval Air Station North Island	Coronado
located in the administrative territorial entity	WZAZ (1400 AM, ``Gospel 1400, The Light'') is a Gospel music formatted radio station in Jacksonville, Florida.	WZAZ	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luohe (Chinese: 漯河; pinyin: Luòhé; postal: Loho) is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province, China.	Luohe	Henan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lewaszówka (lɛvaˈʂufka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lewaszówka	Gmina Jastrzębia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Massacre Rocks State Park is a state park of Idaho, USA, featuring the Massacre Rocks, a famous spot along the Oregon Trail and California Trail during the middle 19th century.	Massacre Rocks State Park	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thomaston High School is a public school for grades 7 through 12 in Thomaston, Connecticut.	Thomaston High School	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jarm Afshar (Persian: جرم افشار‎, also Romanized as Jarm Afshār; also known as Garmafshār) is a village in Dasht Rural District, in the Central District of Shahreza County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Jarm Afshar	Dasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hills Creek Reservoir, also known as Hills Creek Lake, is an artificial impoundment behind Hills Creek Dam on the Middle Fork Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Hills Creek Reservoir	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Franków (ˈfrankuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Franków	Gmina Policzna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ginkgo Petrified Forest State Park/Wanapum Recreational Area is a 7,470-acre (3,020 ha) Washington state park at Vantage, Washington that includes 27,000 feet (8,200 m) of shoreline on the Wanapum Reservoir on the Columbia River.	Ginkgo Petrified Forest State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Varnaq (Persian: ورنق‎, also Romanized as Varanagh and Verana) is a village in Sard-e Sahra Rural District, in the Central District of Tabriz County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Varnaq	Sard-e Sahra Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marcella Sembrich Opera Museum, also known as The Sembrich and the Marcella Sembrich Memorial Studio, is a historic teaching studio located at Bolton Landing, Warren County, New York.	Marcella Sembrich Opera Museum	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gąbino-Kolonia (ɡɔmˈbinɔ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Gąbino-Kolonia	Gmina Ustka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miles Platting railway station served the district of Miles Platting in Manchester from 1844 until closure on 27 May 1995.	Miles Platting railway station	Manchester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pocahontas State Correctional Center is a medium-security prison located on 35 acres (140,000 m2) in Tazewell County, just west of the town of Pocahontas, Virginia.	Pocahontas State Correctional Center	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohammadabad-e Tezerj (Persian: محمدابادتزرج‎, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Tezerj; also known as Moḩammadābād, Moḩammadābād-e Tazerch, Moḩammadābād Tazerch, and Muhammadābād) is a village in Balvard Rural District, in the Central District of Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mohammadabad-e Tezerj	Balvard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Division of Swan is an Australian electoral division located in Western Australia.	Division of Swan	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trumland is a Category B listed house and associated estate on Rousay, in Orkney, Scotland, built in its present form in 1875.	Trumland	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rocky Creek State Scenic Viewpoint is a state park in Lincoln County, northwestern Oregon.	Rocky Creek State Scenic Viewpoint	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Event Center Arena is a complex consisting of an indoor arena and a fitness club on the main campus of San Jose State University in downtown San Jose, California.	Event Center Arena	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodbury University is a private, non-profit, coeducational, nonsectarian university located in Burbank, Los Angeles County; and a satellite campus in San Diego, both in southern California.	Woodbury University	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Lafayette is a prairie lake located in the coastal lowland in eastern Tallahassee, Leon County, Florida with US 27 / State Road 20 running close on its south side.	Lake Lafayette	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aldbrough St John is a village and civil parish (called Aldbrough) in the Richmondshire district in North Yorkshire, England.	Aldbrough St John	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lac-Sainte-Thérèse is a Dispersed Rural Community and unincorporated area in geographic Casgrain Township, Cochrane District in Northeastern Ontario, Canada.	Lac-Sainte-Thérèse	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry Post Army Airfield (IATA: FSI, ICAO: KFSI, FAA LID: FSI) is a military use airport located at Fort Sill in Comanche County, Oklahoma, United States.	Henry Post Army Airfield	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khamesan (Persian: خامسان‎, also Romanized as Khāmesān and Khamsān) is a village in Sursur Rural District, Muchesh District, Kamyaran County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Khamesan	Sursur Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cosme Velho is a traditional neighborhood in the South Zone of Rio de Janeiro, adjacent to Laranjeiras.	Cosme Velho	Rio de Janeiro
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Azhdar (Persian: گوداژدر‎; also known as Qowd-e Azhdar) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District, in the Central District of Bagh-e Malek County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Azhdar	Rud Zard Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arlington Ridge Park, also known as the Nevius Tract, is a historic park property located in Arlington, Virginia.	Arlington Ridge Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sharifabad-e Gavkhuni (Persian: شريف ابادگاوخوني‎, also Romanized as Sharīfābād-e Gāvkhūnī; also known as Sharīfābād) is a village in Jafarabad Rural District, Jafarabad District, Qom County, Qom Province, Iran.	Sharifabad-e Gavkhuni	Jafarabad Rural District	Qom Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hosenabad-e Pain (Persian: حصن ابادپائين‎, also Romanized as Ḩoşenābād-e Pā’īn; also known as Ḩoseynābād, Ḩoseynābād-e Jahāngīrkhān, Ḩoseynābād Jahāngīr Khān, and Husainābād) is a village in Yazdanabad Rural District, Yazdanabad District, Zarand County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hosenabad-e Pain	Yazdanabad District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amorbach is a town in the Miltenberg district in the Regierungsbezirk of Lower Franconia (Unterfranken) in Bavaria, Germany, with some 4,000 inhabitants.	Amorbach	Miltenberg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kościanka (kɔɕˈt͡ɕanka) (German Hansfelde) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo, within Białogard County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Kościanka	Gmina Tychowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigus South is a small fishing community on the Avalon Peninsula in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.	Brigus South	Newfoundland and Labrador
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rodovia Jornalista Francisco Aguirre Proença (SP-101) is a state highway in the State of São Paulo which connects the cities of Campinas, Hortolândia, Monte Mor, Elias Fausto and Capivari.	Rodovia Jornalista Francisco Aguirre Proença	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emolinek (ɛmɔˈlinɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakroczym, within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Emolinek	Gmina Zakroczym
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canelli (Piedmontese: Canèj) is a comune (municipality) of 10,440 inhabitants in the Province of Asti in the Italian region of Piedmont.	Canelli	Province of Asti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ledo Pizza is a pizzeria restaurant chain in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States, with the heaviest concentration in Maryland and Virginia.	Ledo Pizza	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robsart Art Works (RAW) was an art studio and museum featuring local and regional artist from Southwest Saskatchewan and region.	Robsart Art Works	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jazgarzew (jazˈɡaʐɛf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Jazgarzew	Gmina Piaseczno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bassetlaw is the northernmost district of Nottinghamshire, England, with a population according to the 2001 UK census of 107,713.	Bassetlaw	Nottinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	John F. Kennedy International Airport (IATA: JFK, ICAO: KJFK, FAA LID: JFK) is a major international airport located in Queens, New York City, United States, 12 miles (20 km) southeast of Lower Manhattan.	John F. Kennedy International Airport	New York City
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hebron Valley Grange No. 1103, also known as West Hebron Methodist Church, is a historic grange building located in the hamlet of West Hebron, in the town of Hebron in Washington County, New York.	Hebron Valley Grange No. 1103	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Congtai District (simplified Chinese: 丛台区; traditional Chinese: 叢台區; pinyin: Cóngtái Qū) is a district of the city of Handan, Hebei, People's Republic of China, with a population of 330,000 residing in an area of just 28 km2 (11 sq mi).	Congtai District	Handan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Trickett, a mountain on the Great Dividing Range, is located approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Jenolan Caves, in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales, Australia.	Mount Trickett	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapada Gaúcha is a municipality in the northern region of Minas Gerais, Brazil.	Chapada Gaúcha	Minas Gerais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konardang (Persian: كناردنگ‎, also Romanized as Konārdang) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Konardang	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Karandeh Chal (Persian: كارنده چال‎, also Romanized as Kārandeh Chāl; also known as Kārand Chāl and Randeh Chāl) is a village in Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District, Alamut-e Gharbi District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Karandeh Chal	Rudbar-e Mohammad-e Zamani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fintry Provincial Park and Protected Area, also known as Fintry Estate, is a provincial park located in the town of Fintry, British Columbia, Canada.	Fintry Provincial Park and Protected Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Giovo (German: Jaufen) is a comune (municipality) in Trentino, located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of Trento in northern Italy.	Giovo	Trentino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burtholme refers to any of a civil parish in Cumbria, a hamlet within that parish or a family name originally linked to the place.	Burtholme	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stoney Littleton Long Barrow (also known as the Bath Tumulus and the Wellow Tumulus) is a Neolithic chambered tomb with multiple burial chambers, located near the village of Wellow in the English county of Somerset.	Stoney Littleton Long Barrow	Wellow
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Landing State Park (formerly Seashore State Park) offers recreational opportunities at Cape Henry in the independent city of Virginia Beach, Virginia.	First Landing State Park	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	WKZL (``107.5 KZL'') is a Top 40 Mainstream station licensed to Winston-Salem, North Carolina and serves the Piedmont Triad area, which also includes Greensboro and High Point.	WKZL	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wiener Riesenrad (German for Vienna Giant Wheel), or Riesenrad, is a 64.75-metre (212 ft) tall Ferris wheel at the entrance of the Prater amusement park in Leopoldstadt, the 2nd district of Austria's capital Vienna.	Wiener Riesenrad	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guam National Football Stadium is a multi-use stadium in the village of Hagåtña in the United States territory of Guam.	Guam National Football Stadium	Hagåtña
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Provo City Library is a public library serving residents of Provo in the U.S. state of Utah.	Provo City Library	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melamadai is 30th ward of Madurai corporation in Madurai district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Melamadai	Madurai district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Thiruvidaimarudur (also spelt as Thiruvidaimaradur or Tiruvidaimarudur) is a panchayat town in Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Thiruvidaimarudur	Thanjavur district
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Unaka Range is a mountain range on the border of Tennessee and North Carolina, in the southeastern United States.	Unaka Range	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rose Hill Plantation House is an historic Carpenter Gothic house located on US 278 in Bluffton, South Carolina.	Rose Hill Plantation House	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mill City Museum is a Minnesota Historical Society museum in Minneapolis.	Mill City Museum	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nijelamer (West Frisian: Nijlemmer) is a village in Weststellingwerf in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Nijelamer	Weststellingwerf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang-e Gahrab (Persian: سرتنگ گهراب‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Gahrāb; also known as Jehrāb-e Sar Lang and Tang Gahrāb) is a village in Sardasht Rural District, in the Central District of Lordegan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Gahrab	Sardasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Imperial Crypt (German: Kaisergruft) in Vienna, Austria, also called the Capuchin Crypt (Kapuzinergruft), is a burial chamber beneath the Capuchin Church and monastery, founded in 1618 and dedicated in 1632, and located on the Neuer Markt square of the Innere Stadt, near the Hofburg Palace.	Imperial Crypt	Vienna	Innere Stadt
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yuci District (simplified Chinese: 榆次区; traditional Chinese: 榆次區; pinyin: Yúcì Qū) is a district in Jinzhong, Shanxi, China.	Yuci District	Jinzhong
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mountain Waters Scenic Byway is a 64.5-mile (103.8 km) National Forest Scenic Byway that traverses through the Nantahala National Forest, in Western North Carolina.	Mountain Waters Scenic Byway	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vogelberg is a 3,218 metres high mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden.	Vogelberg	Ticino	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dughayi Rural District (Persian: دهستان دوغائي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Dughayi Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	First Trust Company Building is a historic commercial building located at Broadway and State Street in Albany, New York, United States.	First Trust Company Building	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Academy for the Arts, Science and Technology (AAST) or The Academy is a branch school of the Horry County Schools system in Horry County, South Carolina, USA.	Academy for the Arts, Science and Technology	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Rusinowska (ˈvɔla ruɕiˈnɔfska) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Wola Rusinowska	Gmina Majdan Królewski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Toorourrong Reservoir is a small water supply reservoir located on the southern slopes of the Great Dividing Range approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Toorourrong Reservoir	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reading Municipal Light and Power Station is a historic municipal power station building at 226 Ash Street in Reading, Massachusetts.	Reading Municipal Light and Power Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hurghada (/hərˈɡædə, -ˈɡɑː-/; Arabic: الغردقة‎ el-Ġardaqa Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: (el ɣæɾˈdæʔæ)) is a city in the Red Sea Governorate of Egypt.	Hurghada	Red Sea Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piz de Groven is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, located between Selma and Lostallo in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Piz de Groven	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wieszowa (vjɛˈʂɔva) (German: Wieschowa, 1935-45 Randsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbrosławice, within Tarnowskie Góry County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wieszowa	Gmina Zbrosławice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shahniya (Persian: شهنيا‎, also Romanized as Shahnīyā; also known as Shahīnā, Shah Nīā, and Tahnā) is a village in Abkosh Rural District, Bord Khun District, Deyr County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Shahniya	Abkosh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ithaca Presbyterian Church is a heritage-listed church, located at 100 Enoggera Terrace, in the inner city suburb of Paddington, Brisbane, Queensland, Australia..	Ithaca Presbyterian Church	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ni Barim (Persian: ني بريم‎, also Romanized as Nī Barīm) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Ni Barim	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dr. Susan LaFlesche Picotte Memorial Hospital, also known as Walthill Hospital or Dr. Susan Picotte Memorial Hospital, is a hospital in Walthill, Nebraska, on the Omaha Indian Reservation.	Dr. Susan LaFlesche Picotte Memorial Hospital	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Williamnagar(IPA: ˌwɪljəmˈnʌgə) is the headquarters of East Garo Hills district in the state of Meghalaya in India.	Williamnagar	East Garo Hills district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kobilščak (pronounced (kɔˈbiːlʃtʃak)) is a small settlement in the hills south of Radenci in northeastern Slovenia.	Kobilščak	Radenci
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chatham Hall is an all-girls college-preparatory boarding school located in Chatham, Virginia, United States.	Chatham Hall	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deh-e Janjan (Persian: ده جان جان‎, also Romanized as Deh-e Jānjān; also known as Jānjān) is a village in Zalu Ab Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Deh-e Janjan	Zalu Ab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yi'an District (simplified Chinese: 义安区; traditional Chinese: 義安區; pinyin: Yì'ān Qū) formerly Tongling County, is a district in Anhui province, China.	Yi'an District	Tongling
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Amboy Public Schools are a comprehensive community public school district that serve students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from South Amboy, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	South Amboy Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orchardton Tower, is a ruined tower house in Kirkcudbrightshire, Dumfries and Galloway, south west Scotland.	Orchardton Tower	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Castle Crags is a dramatic and well-known rock formation in Northern California.	Castle Crags	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Viriyur is a village Sankarapuram taluk, Villupuram District, Tamil Nadu, India, with a 2001 population of 5,019.	Viriyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vegayammapeta is a village in the municipality of Ramachandrapuram, East Godavari, in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.	Vegayammapeta	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harmoniny (xarmɔˈninɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn, within Busko County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Harmoniny	Gmina Nowy Korczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Monument in Louisville is located in Cave Hill Cemetery in Louisville, Kentucky.	Union Monument in Louisville	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wabamun Lake (sometimes spelled Wabumun) is one of the most heavily used lakes in Alberta, Canada.	Wabamun Lake	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beachborough is a hamlet WNW of Folkestone in Kent, England.	Beachborough	Kent
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shawme-Crowell State Forest is a Massachusetts state forest located in the town of Sandwich in Barnstable County.	Shawme-Crowell State Forest	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Musée national de la Marine (National Navy Museum) is a maritime museum located in the Palais de Chaillot, Trocadéro, in the 16th arrondissement of Paris.	Musée national de la Marine	Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Calderbank is a village outside the town of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, Scotland.	Calderbank	North Lanarkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagoa das Sete Cidades (Portuguese: (lɐˈɡo.ɐ dɐs ˈsɛt(ɨ) siˈdadɨʃ), ``Lagoon of the Seven Cities'') is a twin lake situated in the crater of a dormant volcano on the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Lagoa das Sete Cidades	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	KLXK is a commercial radio station located in Breckenridge, Texas, broadcasting to the areas northeast of Abilene, Texas.	KLXK	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahoe Donner is located in California, five miles from Donner Lake and less than 20 miles from Lake Tahoe in the Sierra Nevada.	Tahoe Donner	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lambourn railway station was a railway station in Lambourn, Berkshire, UK, on the Lambourn Valley Railway.	Lambourn railway station	Berkshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Papeži (pronounced (ˈpaːpɛʒi); German: Papesch) is a small village in the Municipality of Osilnica in southern Slovenia.	Papeži	Osilnica
located in the administrative territorial entity	Weddington High School (WHS) is a public high school located in Matthews, North Carolina as part of Union County Public Schools.	Weddington High School	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sight & Sound Millennium Theatre is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, the largest Christian live theatre in the United States, and one of the most popular live theatres in the Eastern US.	Sight & Sound Millennium Theatre	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nureci is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Oristano.	Nureci	Province of Oristano
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wheeler-Sack Army Airfield (ICAO: KGTB, FAA LID: GTB) is a military use airport located at Fort Drum, in Jefferson County, New York, United States.	Wheeler-Sack Army Airfield	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tudor House and Garden is a historic building, museum, tourist attraction, and Grade I listed building in Southampton, England.	Tudor House and Garden	Southampton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alt-Treptow (German pronunciation: (ˌʔaltˈtʁeːptoː), Old Treptow) is a German locality in the borough of Treptow-Köpenick in Berlin.	Alt-Treptow	Treptow-Köpenick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Eagle Hill School is a private co-educational college preparatory boarding school for students with learning disabilities and Attention Deficit Disorder in Hardwick, Massachusetts, established in 1967.	Eagle Hill School	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kirby's Mill is a historic grist mill in Medford, Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.	Kirby's Mill	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qeshlaq Pol (Persian: قشلاق پل‎, also Romanized as Qeshlāq Pol) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Qeshlaq Pol	Zu ol Faqr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lagoa Nova (lit. ``New Pond'') is a municipality of Rio Grande do Norte state in the Northeast of Brazil.	Lagoa Nova	Rio Grande do Norte
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bergeggi (Ligurian: Berzezzi) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Savona in the Italian region Liguria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Genoa and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest of Savona.	Bergeggi	Province of Savona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sinava Cheshmeh (Persian: سينواچشمه‎, also Romanized as Sīnavā Cheshmeh; also known as Lāt) is a village in Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Chalus County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Sinava Cheshmeh	Kelarestaq-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ludwig Field (officially Kehoe Track at Ludwig Field) is a multi-purpose facility located on the campus of the University of Maryland (UMD) in College Park, Maryland.	Ludwig Field	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clarbeston (Welsh: Treglarbes) is a village and parish in Pembrokeshire, Wales, 11 km (6.8 mi) east of Haverfordwest.	Clarbeston	Pembrokeshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Heiligensee is a locality within Reinickendorf, a borough of the German capital, Berlin.	Heiligensee	Reinickendorf
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trojan Nuclear Power Plant was a pressurized water reactor nuclear power plant located southeast of Rainier, Oregon, United States, and the only commercial nuclear power plant to be built in Oregon.	Trojan Nuclear Power Plant	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Museo Nacional de Costa Rica is the national museum of Costa Rica, located in the capital of San José.	Museo Nacional de Costa Rica	San José
located in the administrative territorial entity	KCSF (``Xtra Sports 1300'') is a radio station serving the Colorado Springs area with a sports format.	KCSF	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Czerno (ˈt͡ʂɛrnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzkowice, within Piotrków County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Czerno	Gmina Gorzkowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lusashogh (Armenian: Լուսաշող; formerly, Garaxach) is a village in the Ararat Province of Armenia.	Lusashogh	Ararat Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kühlung is a forested ridge, up to 129.8 m above sea level (NHN), in the north German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Kühlung	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	The North Avenue Rural Historic District is a rural historic district in northern Mendon, Massachusetts.	North Avenue Rural Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	It is located adjacent to the United States Golf Association's headquarters in Far Hills, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States.	United States Golf Association	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kawkhali is a small town in Pirojpur District in the Barisal Division of southwestern Bangladesh.	Kawkhali	Pirojpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cowlitz Glacier is on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington.	Cowlitz Glacier	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salford Civic Centre (formerly Swinton and Pendlebury Town Hall) is located in Swinton in the City of Salford, Greater Manchester, England.	Salford Civic Centre	Swinton
located in the administrative territorial entity	Havnegade is a waterfront promenade in Copenhagen, Denmark, which runs between Børs Brisge and the mouth of the Nyhavn canal.	Havnegade	Denmark
located in the administrative territorial entity	555 17th Street, formerly known as the Anaconda Tower and the Qwest Tower, is a skyscraper in Denver, Colorado.	555 17th Street	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mobile International Speedway is a 1/2 mile paved oval North American Auto racing track located in the Mobile County, Alabama community of Irvington, Alabama.	Mobile International Speedway	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hajiabad-e Dovom (Persian: حاجی‌آباد دوم‎) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District, in the Central District of Zahedan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Hajiabad-e Dovom	Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palkil (Persian: پلكيل‎, also Romanized as Palḵīl; also known as Pol Kal) is a village in Helilan Rural District, Helilan District, Chardaval County, Ilam Province, Iran.	Palkil	Helilan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Celej (ˈt͡sɛlɛi̯) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Celej	Gmina Stoczek Łukowski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Targonie-Krytuły (tarˈɡɔɲe krɨˈtuwɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Targonie-Krytuły	Gmina Zawady
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dash Qez Qapan (Persian: داش قزقاپان‎, also Romanized as Dāsh Qez Qāpān; also known as Dāsh Qīz Qāpān and Dāsh Qīzqāppān) is a village in Saruq Rural District, Takht-e Soleyman District, Takab County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Dash Qez Qapan	Takht-e Soleyman District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alibak (Persian: عالي باك‎, also Romanized as ``Ālībāk; also known as ``Ālīvāk) is a village in Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 39 families.	Alibak	Rudpey-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH, ``The Brigham'') is the largest hospital of the Longwood Medical and Academic Area in Boston, Massachusetts, US.	Brigham and Women's Hospital	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dow Diamond is a Minor League baseball stadium located in Midland, Michigan.	Dow Diamond	Midland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melkridge is a village and civil parish in Northumberland, England, on the river South Tyne.	Melkridge	Northumberland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gerstle Cove State Marine Reserve (SMR) is a marine protected area that lies onshore from Salt Point State Park, within the Salt Point State Marine Conservation Area, in Sonoma County on California's north central coast.	Gerstle Cove State Marine Reserve	Sonoma County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banha (also spelled Benha ; Egyptian Arabic: بنها pronounced (ˈbænhæ), Coptic: Ⲡⲁⲛⲁϩⲟ) is the capital of the Qalyubia Governorate in north-eastern Egypt.	Banha	Qalyubia Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qelij Chi (Persian: قليج چي‎, also Romanized as Qelīj Chī; also known as Qelīch Chī) is a village in Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qelij Chi	Owch Tappeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Buena Vista University is a private four-year college located in Storm Lake, Iowa.	Buena Vista University	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Thomas J. Hatem Memorial Bridge is a road bridge in northeast Maryland that crosses the Susquehanna River between Havre de Grace and Perryville via Garrett Island.	Thomas J. Hatem Memorial Bridge	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anderson Preparatory Academy (APA) is a public charter school in Anderson, Indiana, United States, authorized by Ball State University.	Anderson Preparatory Academy	Indiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qaraval Khaneh (Persian: قراول‌خانه‎‎, also Romanized as Qarāval Khāneh and Qarāvolkhāneh) is a village in Dalaki Rural District, in the Central District of Dashtestan County, Bushehr Province, Iran.	Qaraval Khaneh	Dalaki Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gogolina (ɡɔɡɔˈlina) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilczyn, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Gogolina	Gmina Wilczyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pain Jovin Rural District (Persian: دهستان پائين جوين‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in Helali District, Joghatai County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Pain Jovin Rural District	Joghatai County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonada (Bengali: সোনাদা) is a small town in the Darjeeling District of West Bengal, India.	Sonada	Darjeeling
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horseheads High School is a public institution for secondary education (grades 9--12) in the rural town of Horseheads, New York.	Horseheads High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kühren-Burkartshain is a former municipality in the former district Muldentalkreis, Saxony.	Kühren-Burkartshain	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scugog is a township in the Regional Municipality of Durham, south-central Ontario, Canada.	Scugog	Durham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Turtle Mountain Provincial Park is a provincial park located in the southwestern portion of the Canadian province of Manitoba.	Turtle Mountain Provincial Park	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini, or Our Lady of the Conception of the Capuchins, is a church in Rome, Italy, commissioned in 1626 by Pope Urban VIII, whose brother, Antonio Barberini, was a Capuchin friar.	Santa Maria della Concezione dei Cappuccini	Rome
located in the administrative territorial entity	Słępy (ˈswɛmpɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korsze, within Kętrzyn County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Słępy	Gmina Korsze
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koceljeva (Serbian: Коцељева) is a small town and municipality located in the Mačva District of Serbia.	Koceljeva	Mačva District
located in the administrative territorial entity	West Babylon High School is a high school at 500 Great East Neck Road, West Babylon, New York in Babylon in Suffolk County on Long Island, New York.	West Babylon High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	WXMT is a commercially licensed FM radio station licensed to Smethport, Pennsylvania, the seat of McKean County.	WXMT	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzeziny County (Polish: powiat brzeziński) is a unit of territorial administration and local government (powiat) in Łódź Voivodeship, central Poland.	Brzeziny County	Łódź Voivodeship
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leeward Passage is a channel between Hans Lollik Island and northern St. Thomas Island in the United States Virgin Islands in the West Indies.	Leeward Passage	United States Virgin Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hafjell is a village and a ski resort in Norway, in the Øyer municipality in the county of Oppland.	Hafjell	Øyer
located in the administrative territorial entity	Frazier Lake Airpark (FAA LID: 1C9) is a small non-towered airport located near Hollister, in San Benito County, California, USA.	Frazier Lake Airpark	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Arts and Industrial Design Linz (common short form University of Arts Linz) is one of four universities in Linz, Upper Austria.	University of Arts and Industrial Design Linz	Upper Austria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunili (Persian: گونيلي‎, also Romanized as Gūnīlī; also known as Goneylī and Guney) is a village in Aq Su Rural District, in the Central District of Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Gunili	Aq Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barazlu (Persian: بارازلو‎, also Romanized as Bārāzlū; also known as Bāzār and Bārāz) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Qaleh Chay District, Ajab Shir County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Barazlu	East Azerbaijan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Westminster Rose Center is a performing arts and entertainment complex located in Westminster, California.	Westminster Rose Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Newark Fire Department provides fire protection and first responder emergency medical services to the city of Newark, New Jersey.	Newark Fire Department	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riparian Plaza is a 53-storey skyscraper located in the central business district of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Riparian Plaza	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Freepsum is a village in the municipality of Krummhörn in the district of Aurich in East Frisia in North Germany.	Freepsum	Krummhörn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koziejówka (kɔʑeˈjufka) (Ukrainian: Козіївка, Koziyivka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stary Dzików, within Lubaczów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Koziejówka	Gmina Stary Dzików
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bankside is a district of London, England, and part of the London Borough of Southwark.	Bankside	London Borough of Southwark
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bertrée (Walloon: Bietrêye) is a small village that belongs to the Walloon municipality Hannut, located in the province of Liége of Belgium.	Bertrée	Hannut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Witney is a town on the River Windrush, 12 miles (19 km) west of Oxford in Oxfordshire, England.	Witney	Oxfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garage at 219 Main Street in Farmington, Maine, was once a Free Will Baptist Meetinghouse.	Garage at 219 Main Street	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yukon Public Schools is a public school district located in the city of Yukon, in Canadian County, Oklahoma.	Yukon Public Schools	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sailing Hawks is a rock climbing area in Durango, Colorado considered to be one of the area's best bouldering locations.	Sailing Hawks	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tollard Royal is a village and civil parish on Cranborne Chase, Wiltshire, England.	Tollard Royal	Wiltshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Al-Serkal Mosque is the main mosque in Phnom Penh, the capital of Cambodia.	Al-Serkal Mosque	Phnom Penh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cary Memorial Library (est.1869) is the main branch of the public library in Lexington, Massachusetts.	Cary Memorial Library	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Windsor Road Historic District is a residential historic district just north of the village of Waban in Newton, Massachusetts.	Windsor Road Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kotunia (kɔˈtuɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca, within Słupca County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kotunia	Gmina Słupca
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Hoopes School is a historic one-room school building located in Derry Township, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania.	Old Hoopes School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Holzleiten Saddle (German: Holzleitensattel, 1,119 m above sea level (AA)) is a mountain pass between Nassereith and Obsteig in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Holzleiten Saddle	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Marin-Bolinas Botanical Gardens (14 acres) are botanical gardens specializing in succulents, located in Bolinas, California, USA.	Marin-Bolinas Botanical Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasavand (Persian: كساوند‎, also Romanized as Kasāvand and Kesāvand) is a village in Kamazan-e Olya Rural District, Zand District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	Kasavand	Kamazan-e Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The ruins of the Huis ter Kleef castle are located in the city gardens of Haarlem.	Huis ter Kleef	Haarlem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dranouter (Dutch, locally known as Nouter) is a village and a deelgemeente in the municipality of Heuvelland in West Flanders, Belgium.	Dranouter	Heuvelland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pasztowa Wola (paʂˈtɔva ˈvɔla) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów, within Lipsko County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Pasztowa Wola	Gmina Rzeczniów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Glenmere Lake is a colonial mill pond or reservoir located in Orange County, New York, USA.	Glenmere Lake	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Long Tail Point Light, also known as the Tail Point Light, was a lighthouse in Green Bay, Wisconsin, USA.	Long Tail Point Light	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gilliam and Bisbee Building is an historic commercial structure in Heppner in the U.S. state of Oregon.	Gilliam and Bisbee Building	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bahlul Kandi (Persian: بهلول كندي‎, also Romanized as Bahlūl Kandī) is a village in Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Poldasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Bahlul Kandi	Chaybasar-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kramerspitz (or The Kramer) is a mountain overlooking the Garmisch side of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria, Germany.	Kramerspitz	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabol Qaleh (Persian: زابل قلعه‎, also Romanized as Zābol Qal``eh; also known as Jānābād and Jahānābād) is a village in Qara Bashlu Rural District, Chapeshlu District, Dargaz County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 60, in 14 families.	Zabol Qaleh	Qara Bashlu Rural District	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rochester, Nevada, was a silver-mining town in Pershing County, Nevada, USA, approximately 110 mi (180 km) east of Reno.	Rochester, Nevada	Pershing County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lahardane (Irish: Leathardán) is a small village in the parish of Addergoole, County Mayo, Ireland, adjacent to Lough Conn and to Nephin, and close to the towns of Crossmolina, Castlebar and Ballina.	Lahardane	County Mayo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Santiago Metropolitan Region or simply Metropolitan Region (Spanish: Región Metropolitana de Santiago) is one of Chile's 15 first-order administrative divisions.	Santiago Metropolitan Region	Chile
located in the administrative territorial entity	Isla Gibraleón is a small, uninhabited Panamanian island that is part of the Pearl Islands archipelago (Spanish: Archipielago de las Perlas) in the Gulf of Panama.	Isla Gibraleón	Panama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Le Perreux-sur-Marne is a commune in the Val-de-Marne department in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France.	Le Perreux-sur-Marne	Val-de-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Su'ao Township (Chinese: 蘇澳鎮; pinyin: Sū'ào Zhèn; Wade--Giles: Su1-ao4 Chen4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: So͘-ò), located in southern Yilan County, Taiwan, is an urban township that is famous for its seafood restaurants and cold springs.	Su'ao	Yilan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aniq (Persian: انيق‎‎, also Romanized as Anīq and Annīq; also known as Anekh, Aneq, Anigh, Anīkh, Kochev’ye Anekho, and Maḩall-e-Chādor Neshīnī) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District, Siah Rud District, Jolfa County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Aniq	Nowjeh Mehr Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Exit Glacier is a glacier derived from the Harding Icefield in the Kenai Mountains of Alaska and one of Kenai Fjords National Park's major attractions.	Exit Glacier	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir Dezgah (Persian: پيردزگاه‎, also Romanized as Pīr Dezgāh; also known as Dezgāh) is a village in Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Pir Dezgah	Borborud-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frog and the Peach is a renowned restaurant in New Brunswick, New Jersey.	Frog and the Peach	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Falkner Square is a square in Canning on the border of Liverpool city centre and Toxteth.	Falkner Square	Liverpool
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hovanleh (Persian: هوانله‎, also Romanized as Hovānleh; also known as Hūollāh) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Hovanleh	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bedford County Airport (ICAO: KHMZ, FAA LID: HMZ) is a public airport in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.	Bedford County Airport	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zav-e Bala (Persian: زاوبالا‎, also Romanized as Zāv-e Bālā; also known as Zāv) is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Zav-e Bala	Zavkuh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The original Fish and Fur Club building is at Main (NY 301) and Pearl Streets in Nelsonville, New York, United States.	Fish and Fur Club	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tang-e Adhaneh (Persian: تنگادهانه‎, also Romanized as Tang-e Ādhāneh) is a village in Dehshir Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Tang-e Adhaneh	Dehshir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Germantown Cricket Club is a cricket club in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.	Germantown Cricket Club	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand Canyon High School is a public high school located near the Grand Canyon in Grand Canyon Village, Arizona.	Grand Canyon High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tagalak Island (Aleut: Tagalax̂) is an island located in the central area of the Andreanof Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.	Tagalak Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Janbeh (Persian: جنبه‎, also Romanized as Jonbeh) is a village in Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Janbeh	Olya Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wantagh State Parkway is a 13.33-mile (21 km) long state parkway on Long Island, New York, in the United States.	Wantagh State Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horn Island Airport (IATA: HID, ICAO: YHID) is an airport in Horn Island, Queensland, Australia.	Horn Island Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Riverside and Great Northern Railway (R&GN) is a 15 in (381 mm) gauge miniature railway and heritage railroad in Wisconsin Dells.	Riverside and Great Northern Railway	Wisconsin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Curwensville Dam is located on the West Branch Susquehanna River about 0.6 miles (1 km) upstream from Curwensville in Clearfield County, Pennsylvania.	Curwensville Dam	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lubińsk (ˈlubiɲsk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cekcyn, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Lubińsk	Gmina Cekcyn
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madison Creek Falls is located within the Olympic National Park near the Elwha River, west of Port Angeles, Washington.	Madison Creek Falls	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chester Community Charter School (CCCS), also known as Chester Community Charter, is a not-for-profit public charter school in Chester, Pennsylvania, serving the Chester-Upland School District.	Chester Community Charter School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Floor of the Valley Road, also known as the Zion Canyon Scenic Drive, follows the canyon of the North Fork of the Virgin River, also known as Zion Canyon, through Zion National Park, Utah.	Floor of the Valley Road	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nădlac (Hungarian: Nagylak, Slovak: Nadlak) is a town in western Romania, Arad County.	Nădlac	Arad County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Albert was a local government area in Queensland, located south of the capital, Brisbane, and taking in areas to the north and west of the Gold Coast.	Shire of Albert	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Talustan (Persian: تلوستان‎, also Romanized as Talūstān; also known as Taldastān) is a village in Yanqaq Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Talustan	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sun Lakes-Dry Falls State Park (formerly Sun Lakes State Park) is a 4,027-acre (1,630 ha) Washington state park located near Coulee City at the foot of Dry Falls.	Sun Lakes-Dry Falls State Park	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cwm y Glo is a small village in Wales, some 4 miles to the east of Caernarfon, between Llanberis and Llanrug.	Cwm y Glo	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort San Carlos, known later as Fort Carlos, was the name given to a series of at least two simple stockade forts built during the Spanish ownership of Arkansas Post (1763-1789) with the purpose of protecting the trading post from attack.	Fort Carlos	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Croome D'Abitot is a village and civil parish, which shares a joint parish council with Severn Stoke, in the Malvern Hills District in the county of Worcestershire, England.	Croome D'Abitot	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vedal, pronounced as Vaedaal (also known as Chozha Kerala Charurvedi mangalam or Neelasathurvedimangalam or Veera Chozha Sathurvedimangalam) is a village in the Cheyyur taluk, Kanchipuram district of Tamil Nadu, India.	Vedal	Kanchipuram district	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bolzano (Italian pronunciation: (bolˈtsaːno) listen or (bolˈdzaːno); German: Bozen, historically also Botzen; Ladin: Balsan or Bulsan; Latin: Bauzanum) is the capital city of the province of South Tyrol in northern Italy.	Bolzano	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swilland is a village and a civil parish in the ancient hundred of Bosmere-and-Claydon, in the Suffolk Coastal District, in the English county of Suffolk.	Swilland	Suffolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Blicks River, a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment, is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales, Australia.	Blicks River	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Arthur Municipal Airport (FAA LID: 38V) is a city-owned public-use airport located one nautical mile (1.15 mi, 1.85 km) southwest of the central business district of Arthur, in Arthur County, Nebraska, United States.	Arthur Municipal Airport	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hesar-e Khuni (Persian: حصارخوني‎, also Romanized as Ḩeşār-e Khūnī; also known as Ḩeşār-e Gol) is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Hesar-e Khuni	Mazul Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Magenta Nature Reserve is a 1080 km2 nature reserve, making it one of the largest such reserves in the Avon Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.	Lake Magenta Nature Reserve	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vioño (officially: Santiago de Ambiedes) is one of thirteen parishes (administrative divisions) in the Gozón municipality, within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Vioño	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Katan (Persian: اب كتان‎, also Romanized as Āb Katān) is a village in Rahgan Rural District, Khafr District, Jahrom County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Katan	Khafr District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Crane Hill Masonic Lodge is a historic building in Crane Hill, Alabama, which was built in 1904.	Crane Hill Masonic Lodge	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lincoln County Airport (FAA LID: 1L1) is a county owned, public use airport in Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.	Lincoln County Airport	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Joaquin Memorial High School is a private Roman Catholic high school located in Fresno, California.	San Joaquin Memorial High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Ramah in the Berkshires in Wingdale, New York, is one of nine overnight summer camps and three day camps affiliated with the Conservative Movement of Judaism and the National Ramah Commission.	Camp Ramah in the Berkshires	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center Methodist Church or Center Methodist Episcopal Church is located in Provincetown, Massachusetts at 356 Commercial Street.	Center Methodist Church	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brandywine Building and Loan Assoc. Rowhouses is a set of six historic rowhouses located in East Fallowfield Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania.	Brandywine Building and Loan Assoc. Rowhouses	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wanacja (vaˈnat͡sja) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turośl, within Kolno County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Wanacja	Gmina Turośl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountain Park Dam (National ID # OK20502) is located just upstream of Snyder Dam, on Otter Creek near Mountain Park, Oklahoma.	Mountain Park Dam	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	District D is a historic worker housing district located in Manchester, New Hampshire, near the former Amoskeag Manufacturing Company millyard.	District D	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Krawce (ˈkraft͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębów, within Tarnobrzeg County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Krawce	Gmina Grębów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mountrath (Irish: Maighean Rátha) is a small town in County Laois, Ireland.	Mountrath	County Laois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golubka (ɡɔˈlupka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalinowo, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Golubka	Gmina Kalinowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balutestan (Persian: بلوطستان‎, also Romanized as Balūţestān; also known as Balūjestān, Brusana, and Brusāneh) is a village in Sarab Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Balutestan	Sarab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podole-Górowa (pɔˈdɔlɛ ˈɡurɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Podole-Górowa	Gmina Gródek nad Dunajcem
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ligota Toszecka (liˈɡɔta tɔˈʂɛt͡ska) (formerly German Ellguth-Tost) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Toszek, within Gliwice County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Ligota Toszecka	Gmina Toszek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Melrose House is a stately mansion and museum located on Burgers Park in Pretoria, South Africa.	Melrose House	Pretoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tupelo Honey Cafe is a restaurant located in downtown Asheville, North Carolina, specializing in Southern cooking.	Tupelo Honey Cafe	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chamalapura is a village situated in H D Kote Taluk (HD Kote), Mysore district, Karnataka, India.	Chamalapura	Mysore	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of Warracknabeal was a local government area about 200 kilometres (124 mi) west-northwest of Bendigo and 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Horsham in western Victoria, Australia.	Shire of Warracknabeal	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wright State University is a public research university located near Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Fairborn, Ohio, United States, a suburb of Dayton.	Wright State University	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Armadale Reptile Centre is a zoological garden in Armadale, Western Australia that focuses on herpetology and wildlife endemic to Western Australia.	Armadale Reptile Centre	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Abbey of Saint-Roman (Abbaye de Saint-Roman), is a cave monastery located in the communes of Beaucaire and Comps, in the Gard département of France.	Abbey of Saint-Roman	Beaucaire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Pisgah Benevolence Cemetery is an African-American cemetery in Romney, West Virginia, United States.	Mount Pisgah Benevolence Cemetery	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Emmett High School is a four-year public secondary school in Emmett, Idaho, the only traditional high school in the Emmett School District #221.	Emmett High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coconino High School (CHS) is a public secondary school located in Flagstaff, Arizona (USA).	Coconino High School	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Roosevelt Street, in the New York City borough of Manhattan, was a street which existed from the colonial period to the early 1950s, running from Pearl Street at Park Row southeast to South Street.	Roosevelt Street	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law (also known as Campbell Law School or Campbell University School of Law) is a private law school in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Norman Adrian Wiggins School of Law	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Korean War Veterans Parkway is a parkway that traverses the South Shore of Staten Island, New York, in the United States.	Korean War Veterans Parkway	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District is a regional public high school district in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.	Greater Egg Harbor Regional High School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Poozhithode is a picturesque village located at the easternmost end of Calicut, Kerala, India.	Poozhithode	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Osipy-Lepertowizna (ɔˈɕipɨ lɛpɛrtɔˈvizna) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Osipy-Lepertowizna	Gmina Wysokie Mazowieckie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Parwark (ˈparvark) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Parwark	Gmina Stare Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalashem-e Pain (Persian: كلاشم پائين‎, also Romanized as Kalāshem-e Pā’īn; also known as Kal Hāshem) is a village in Tulem Rural District, Tulem District, Sowme'eh Sara County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Kalashem-e Pain	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Humphreys County Airport (FAA LID: 0M5) is a county-owned public-use airport located three nautical miles (6 km) northeast of the central business district of Waverly, a city in Humphreys County, Tennessee, United States.	Humphreys County Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tullynakill (from Irish: Tulaigh na Cille, meaning ``knoll of the church'') is a civil parish and townland (of 317 acres) in County Down, Northern Ireland.	Tullynakill	County Down
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stanisław Dolny (staˈniswaf ˈdɔlnɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalwaria Zebrzydowska, within Wadowice County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Stanisław Dolny	Gmina Kalwaria Zebrzydowska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brońsko (ˈbrɔɲskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śmigiel, within Kościan County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Brońsko	Gmina Śmigiel
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lansdowne Centre (formerly Lansdowne Park Shopping Centre) is a shopping mall in Richmond, British Columbia.	Lansdowne Centre	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Church and 30th Street is a station on the San Francisco Municipal Railway light rail network's J Church line in the city of San Francisco, California.	Church and 30th Street	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Derazy (Persian: باردرازئ‎, also Romanized as Bār Derāzy) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bar Derazy	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Paragon Park was an amusement park located on Nantasket Beach in Hull, Massachusetts.	Paragon Park	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lone Peak High School (LPHS) is a public high school in Highland, Utah, in northern Utah County.	Lone Peak High School	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Medicine Hat College is a public, board governed, comprehensive community college serving southeastern Alberta and southwestern Saskatchewan, Canada.	Medicine Hat College	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Canal Room was a music venue located at 285 West Broadway between Canal Street and Lispenard Street in the TriBeCa neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.	Canal Room	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vinland Estate was built at Ochre Point, Newport, Rhode Island, United States, in 1882 for tobacco heiress Catharine Lorillard Wolfe by Peabody & Stearns.	Vinland Estate	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Garden of Ninfa is a landscape garden in the territory of Cisterna di Latina, in the province of Latina, central Italy.	Garden of Ninfa	Cisterna di Latina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khowshgizu (Persian: خوش گيزو‎, also Romanized as Khowshgīzū; also known as Khowshgīrū) is a village in Jask Rural District, in the Central District of Jask County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Khowshgizu	Jask Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kiełczynek (kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Książ Wielkopolski, within Śrem County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Kiełczynek	Gmina Książ Wielkopolski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh-ye Abdal Karim (Persian: چشمه عبدالكريم‎, also Romanized as Cheshmeh-ye ʿAbdāl Karīm) is a village in Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District, Salehabad District, Torbat-e Jam County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh-ye Abdal Karim	Bagh-e Keshmir Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leadbetter Beach (also Ledbetter Beach) is a popular beach in Santa Barbara, California, situated below Leadbetter Hill.	Leadbetter Beach	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2017 will take place in Lahti, Finland.	FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2017	Lahti
located in the administrative territorial entity	Oswego Municipal Airport (IATA: K67, ICAO: K67) is a city-owned public-use airport located in Cherokee County, Kansas, three miles (5 km) east of the central business district of Oswego, a city in Labette County, Kansas, United States.	Oswego Municipal Airport	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Salisbury, New Brunswick is a village located in Westmorland County, New Brunswick, Canada.	Salisbury, New Brunswick	Westmorland County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Boschpoort is a neighbourhood of Maastricht in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Boschpoort	Maastricht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cleobury Mortimer is a market town and civil parish in Shropshire, England, which had a population of 3,036 at the 2011 census.	Cleobury Mortimer	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Taft Homes are a public housing project located off the Illinois River in Peoria, Illinois.	Taft Homes	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisewo Małe (liˈsɛvɔ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gozdowo, within Sierpc County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Lisewo Małe	Gmina Gozdowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Peekskill Presbyterian Church is a historic Greek Revival-style church located in Peekskill, New York, United States.	Peekskill Presbyterian Church	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lucky Landing Marina and Seaplane Base (FAA LID: 06B) is a privately owned, public-use seaplane base located seven nautical miles (13 km) north of the central business district of Bangor, a city in Penobscot County, Maine, United States.	Lucky Landing Marina and Seaplane Base	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The municipalities Tespe, Marschacht and Drage together form the Samtgemeinde Elbmarsch.	Tespe	Elbmarsch
located in the administrative territorial entity	Diversified Communications Tower is a 2000-foot guyed mast for TV transmission in Floyd Dale, South Carolina, USA.	Diversified Communications Tower	South Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	George Douglass House is a historic home and store building located in Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania.	George Douglass House	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Manix is a former lake fed by the Mojave River in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County, California.	Lake Manix	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Australian Reptile Park is located at Somersby on the Central Coast, New South Wales in Australia.	Australian Reptile Park	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	WFPS is a FM radio station in Freeport, Illinois, operating on an assigned frequency of 92.1 megahertz as authorized by the Federal Communications Commission.	WFPS	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Orchowiec (ɔrˈxɔvʲɛt͡s) (Ukrainian: Орхівець, Orkhivets'') is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzków, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Orchowiec	Gmina Gorzków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balkur (Persian: بالكور‎‎, also Romanized as Bālkūr) is a village in Maraveh Tappeh Rural District, in the Central District of Maraveh Tappeh County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Balkur	Maraveh Tappeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rippavilla Plantation is an historic site and museum located in Spring Hill, Tennessee.	Rippavilla Plantation	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alawalpur (Punjabi: ਅਲਾਵਲਪੁਰ, Hindi: अलावलपुर) is a city and a municipal council in Jalandhar district in the state of Punjab, India.	Alawalpur	Jalandhar district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dyszów (ˈdɨʂuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Końskie, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Dyszów	Gmina Końskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darłowiec (darˈwɔvjɛt͡s) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Darłowiec	Gmina Darłowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mohave County Hospital is between Grand View and First Street on Beale Street, in Kingman, Mohave County, western Arizona.	Mohave County Hospital	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cogne (Italian pronunciation: (ˈkɔɲɲe), French pronunciation: ​(kɔɲ)) is a town and comune in Aosta Valley, northern Italy, with 1439 inhabitants, as of 2012.	Cogne	Aosta Valley
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namaiyur is a small village part of Kunnam Taluk, Perambalur, Tamil Nadu, India.	Namaiyur	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Iwany (iˈvanɨ) (German: Hannedorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rypin, within Rypin County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Iwany	Gmina Rypin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drążkowo (drɔ̃ʂˈkɔvɔ) (German Neuhof) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Drążkowo	Gmina Czarna Dąbrówka
located in the administrative territorial entity	River Street Firehouse is an historic firehouse at 176 River Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts.	River Street Firehouse	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rasen-Antholz (Italian: Rasun-Anterselva) is a municipality in South Tyrol in northern Italy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of the city of Bolzano, on the border with Austria.	Rasen-Antholz	South Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lake Las Vegas in Henderson, Nevada, refers to a 320-acre (130 ha) artificial lake and the 3,592-acre (1,454 ha) developed area around the lake.	Lake Las Vegas	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	Joseph Dean & Son Woolen Mill, also known as NVF Company, Newark Fibre Plant, is a historic woolen mill located at Newark in New Castle County, Delaware.	Joseph Dean & Son Woolen Mill	Delaware
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yasbolagh (Persian: ياسبلاغ‎, also Romanized as Yāsbolāgh; also known as Ās Būlāq) is a village in Esfandan Rural District, in the Central District of Komijan County, Markazi Province, Iran.	Yasbolagh	Markazi Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wędzice (vɛnˈd͡ʑit͡sɛ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Siemyśl, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Wędzice	Gmina Siemyśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Hackensack Plank Road, also known as Bergen Turnpike, was a major artery which connected the cities of Hoboken and Hackensack, New Jersey.	Hackensack Plank Road	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hunnesrück is a suburb of Dassel, district Northeim, Lower Saxony.	Hunnesrück	Dassel
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Isabella Breckinridge House also known as River House, and formerly the Breckinridge Public Affairs Center of Bowdoin College, is an historic house at 201 US Route 1 in York, Maine, United States.	Isabella Breckinridge House	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	North 24 Parganas district (Pron: pɔrɡɔnɔs) is a district in southern West Bengal, of eastern India.	North 24 Parganas district	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tazeh Kand-e Anhar (Persian: تازه كندانهر‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Anhar; also known as Sheshmāl and Tāzeh Kand) is a village in Rowzeh Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Tazeh Kand-e Anhar	Rowzeh Chay Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Presbyterian Rest for Convalescents, also known as the Y.W.C.A. of White Plains and Central Westchester, is a historic convalescent home located at White Plains, Westchester County, New York.	Presbyterian Rest for Convalescents	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Reiss Engelhorn Museum, or Reiss-Engelhorn-Museen (rem for short), is a museum in Mannheim, Germany.	Reiss Engelhorn Museum	Mannheim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skelsmergh is a small village and civil parish in rural Cumbria, situated about 4 miles (6.4 km) north of Kendal, on the A6 road.	Skelsmergh	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Darreh Buri (Persian: دره بوري‎, also Romanized as Darreh Būrī) is a village in Sadat Rural District, in the Central District of Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Darreh Buri	Sadat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Disappointment Mountain, also sometimes called Disappointment Hill, is a peak in northeastern Minnesota.	Disappointment Mountain	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiernowo (vjɛrˈnɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Wiernowo	Gmina Wyrzysk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daly's Theatre was a theatre in the City of Westminster.	Daly's Theatre	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elgin Theater was an American movie theatre, located on the corner of 19th Street and Eighth Avenue in the Chelsea neighborhood of the Manhattan borough of New York City, New York.	Elgin Theater	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Beckum Hills (German: Beckumer Berge), named after the town of Beckum, are a range of low hills, up to 174.4 m above sea level (NN), in the region of Münsterland in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany).	Beckum Hills	North Rhine-Westphalia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zadobrova (pronounced (zaˈdoːbɾɔʋa)) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	Zadobrova	City Municipality of Celje
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leonard E. Merrell Center (commonly known as the Merrell Center) is a 7,200-seat multi-purpose arena in Katy, Texas.	Merrell Center	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bischholtz (German: Bischholz) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace-Champagne-Ardenne-Lorraine in northeastern France.	Bischholtz	Bas-Rhin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Old Trinity Church, also known as Trinity Church, Oxford, is a historic Episcopal church founded around the turn of the 18th century in Oxford Township, Pennsylvania, which is now part of Philadelphia.	Old Trinity Church	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chai Chumphon (Thai: ชัยจุมพล) is a village and tambon (subdistrict) of Laplae District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.	Chai Chumphon	Laplae
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fathabad-e Gorgha (Persian: فتح ابادگرگها‎, also Romanized as Fatḩābād-e Gorghā; also known as Kalāteh-ye Gorghā, Kalāteh Gorghā, and Kalāteh-ye Gorg hā Fatḩābād) is a village in Miyan Velayat Rural District, in the Central District of Mashhad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Fathabad-e Gorgha	Miyan Velayat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goodale Park is a public park in the Victorian Village area of Columbus, Ohio.	Goodale Park	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarom County (Persian: شهرستان طارم‎‎) is a county in Zanjan Province in Iran.	Tarom County	Zanjan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qingyang District (simplified Chinese: 青羊区; traditional Chinese: 青羊區; pinyin: Jǐnjiāng qū) is one of nine districts of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, China.	Qingyang District	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Gerard Community Council is a small, aboriginally controlled local government area located in The Riverland, South Australia.	Gerard Community Council	South Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chemmanathukara is a small place in Vaikom Village, Kottayam District, Kerala, India.	Chemmanathukara	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Edsel and Eleanor Ford House is a mansion located at 1100 Lake Shore Drive in Grosse Pointe Shores, northeast of Detroit, Michigan; it stands on the site known as ``Gaukler Point'', on the shore of Lake St. Clair.	Edsel and Eleanor Ford House	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kasepalli is a village in the Peddavadugur mandal in Anantapur District of Andhra Pradesh, India.	Kasepalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	The First National Bank Tower is a 634 ft (193 m), 45-story skyscraper at 1601 Dodge Street in downtown Omaha, Nebraska.	First National Bank Tower	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kattuthalaivasal is located in Karaikudi municipality in the Sivaganga District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.	Kattuthalaivasal	Sivaganga	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gisel (Persian: گيسل‎, also Romanized as Gīsel and Gisal; also known as Kīseh and Kīsel) is a village in Deylaman Rural District, Deylaman District, Siahkal County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Gisel	Gilan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piplantri a village located in Rajsamand district in Rajasthan State, India.	Piplantri	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaveh-ye Khalseh (Persian: گوه خالصه‎, also Romanized as Gaveh-ye Khālṣeh; also known as Gaveh) is a village in Chenaran Rural District, in the Central District of Chenaran County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gaveh-ye Khalseh	Chenaran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pato Branco (``White Duck'' in English) is a city in the southwest part of the Brazilian state Paraná.	Pato Branco	Paraná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Serenjianeh Sofla (Persian: سرنجيانه سفلي‎, also Romanized as Serenjīāneh Soflá; also known as Serenjīāneh Pā’īn, Serīnjīāneh-ye Pā'īn, and Sīrīnjīāneh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Naran Rural District, in the Central District of Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Serenjianeh Sofla	Naran Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pashkaleh-ye Sofla (Persian: پشكله سفلي‎, also Romanized as Pashkaleh-ye Soflá; also known as Pashgaleh-ye Soflá) is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Pashkaleh-ye Sofla	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarnów Grodkowski (ˈtarnuf ɡrɔtˈkɔfski) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodków, within Brzeg County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Tarnów Grodkowski	Gmina Grodków
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Pinzgau Hut (German: Pinzgauer Hütte) is a mountain hut at 1,700 m (5,577 ft) above sea level in the Kitzbühel Alps in Salzburg, Austria, somewhat west of the Zellersee and Zell am See's local mountain, the Schmittenhöhe (1,965 m).	Pinzgau Hut	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Leonia Public Schools is a comprehensive community public school district that serves students in pre-Kindergarten through twelfth grade from Leonia, in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.	Leonia Public Schools	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blackwell Inn is an upscale hotel located on-campus at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio.	Blackwell Inn	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jorabat is a village, suburban fringe and a junction which covers area under both Ri-Bhoi district, Meghalaya, India and Kamrup Metropolitan district, Assam, India, with greater parts in Kamrup Metropolitan district of Assam in the Northeastern part of India.	Jorabat	Ri-Bhoi district	Meghalaya	Assam
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tonghai County (通海县; pinyin: Tōnghǎi Xiàn) is located in Yuxi, Yunnan Province, China.	Tonghai County	Yuxi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rosmalen Noord is a borough in the municipality of 's-Hertogenbosch, the capital of Noord-Brabant.	Rosmalen Noord	's-Hertogenbosch
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bruschghorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps, overlooking Thalkirch (Safien) in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.	Bruschghorn	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Singarpur is a village in the Kishanganj block of Madhepura District in Bihar, India.	Singarpur	Bihar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brisbane Arcade is a heritage-listed shopping arcade located at 160 Queen Street and runs from Queen Street (now part of Queen Street Mall) and Adelaide Street in the city of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.	Brisbane Arcade	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Evanston Township High School (ETHS) District 202, is a four-year (9--12), comprehensive high school occupying a 65-acre (260,000 m2) campus in Evanston, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago along the Lake Michigan shore.	Evanston Township High School	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ghuzeh Zan (Persian: غوزه زن‎, also Romanized as Ghūzeh Zan and Qūzeh Zan; also known as Geyūeh Jān) is a village in Bam Rural District, Bam and Safiabad District, Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran.	Ghuzeh Zan	Bam Rural District	North Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haystack Dam (National ID # OR00287) is a dam in central Oregon, about ten miles south of Madras.	Haystack Dam	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Miodne-Gajówka (ˈmjɔdnɛ ɡaˈjufka) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń, within Zwoleń County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Miodne-Gajówka	Gmina Zwoleń
located in the administrative territorial entity	Settur is a village and a mandal in Anantapur district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.	Settur	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bauru (Portuguese pronunciation: (bɐʊ̯ˈɾu)) is a Brazilian municipality in midwestern region of the state of São Paulo.	Bauru	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sugarloaf Mills, formerly Discover Mills, is a 1,200,000-square-foot (110,000 m2) single story shopping mall in Lawrenceville, Georgia with over 180 specialty retailers.	Sugarloaf Mills	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sint Pieter (Saint Peter) is a neighbourhood in the city of Maastricht, in the Dutch province of Limburg.	Sint Pieter	Maastricht
located in the administrative territorial entity	Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport (IATA: MKC, ICAO: KMKC, FAA LID: MKC) is a city owned, public use airport serving Kansas City, Missouri, United States.	Charles B. Wheeler Downtown Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Murfreesboro Municipal Airport (ICAO: KMBT, FAA LID: MBT) is a city-owned, public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) north of the central business district of Murfreesboro, a city in Rutherford County, Tennessee, United States.	Murfreesboro Municipal Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Farm to Market Road 1495 is a state highway in the U.S. state of Texas.	Farm to Market Road 1495	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Norbulingka (Standard Tibetan: ནོར་བུ་གླིང་ཀ་; Wylie: Nor-bu-gling-ka; simplified Chinese: 罗布林卡; traditional Chinese: 羅布林卡; literally ``The Jewelled Park'') is a palace and surrounding park in Lhasa, Tibet, China, built from 1755.	Norbulingka	Lhasa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobrosławów (dɔbrɔˈswavuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puławy, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Dobrosławów	Gmina Puławy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Niedereschach is a town, with 6000 inhabitants, in the district of Schwarzwald-Baar in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.	Niedereschach	Schwarzwald-Baar
located in the administrative territorial entity	Amapá (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐmɐˈpa)) is a state located in the northern region of Brazil.	Amapá	Brazil
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kokoszkowy (kɔkɔʂˈkɔvɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Kokoszkowy	Gmina Starogard Gdański
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah-e Namak (Persian: چاه نمك‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Namaḵ) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Chah-e Namak	Pas Kalut Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jam Khaneh (Persian: جامخانه‎, also Romanized as Jām Khāneh) is a village in Kuhdasht-e Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Miandorud County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jam Khaneh	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine (UNECOM) is a private, non-profit osteopathic medical school, located Biddeford, Maine.	University of New England College of Osteopathic Medicine	Maine
located in the administrative territorial entity	John Bowne High School is a public high school located in Flushing, New York, and has an enrollment of nearly four thousand students.	John Bowne High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gushti Kola (Persian: گوشتي كلا‎, also Romanized as Gūshtī Kolā) is a village in Talarpey Rural District, in the Central District of Simorgh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Gushti Kola	Mazandaran Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	333 North Michigan is an Art Deco skyscraper located in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois in the United States.	333 North Michigan	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llanuwchllyn is a village and community in Gwynedd, Wales, near the southern end of Bala Lake (Llyn Tegid).	Llanuwchllyn	Gwynedd	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Åkrene is a village in the municipality of Fet, Norway, located between Lillestrøm and Fetsund.	Åkrene	Fet
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cheshmeh Qareh (Persian: چشمه قره‎) is a village in Bavaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Sonqor County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Cheshmeh Qareh	Bavaleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banlarini (Persian: بانلريني‎, also Romanized as Bānlarīnī; also known as Bānlīrnī) is a village in Mahidasht Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Banlarini	Mahidasht Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Podłaźnie (pɔdˈwaʑɲe) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Podłaźnie	Gmina Supraśl
located in the administrative territorial entity	Namadmal (Persian: نمدمال‎, also Romanized as Namadmāl) is a village in Kharqan Rural District, Bastam District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran.	Namadmal	Kharqan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The House at 152 Suffolk Road in the Chestnut Hill area of Newton, Massachusetts is a rare local example of the Spanish Mediterranean style of Colonial Revival architecture.	House at 152 Suffolk Road	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Park Row Building is a building on Park Row in the Financial District of the New York City borough of Manhattan also known as 15 Park Row.	Park Row Building	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vatra Dornei (Romanian pronunciation: (ˌvatra ˈdornej); German: Dorna-Watra; Hungarian: Dornavátra) is a city in Suceava County, north-eastern Romania.	Vatra Dornei	Suceava County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zumwalt Prairie is a grassland area located in Wallowa County in northeast Oregon, United States.	Zumwalt Prairie	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hertford North railway station is one of two stations serving the town of Hertford in Hertfordshire, England with the other being Hertford East railway station.	Hertford North railway station	Hertfordshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Warrenton Woolen Mill is a historic textile mill at 839 Main Street in Torrington, Connecticut.	Warrenton Woolen Mill	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qanshar Bolagh (Persian: قانشاربلاغ‎, also Romanized as Qānshār Bolāgh) is a village in Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District, Kuhin District, Qazvin County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	Qanshar Bolagh	Ilat-e Qaqazan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lae Airfield is a former World War II airfield and later, civilian airport located at Lae, Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.	Lae Airfield	Morobe Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kahur Lut (Persian: كهورلوت‎, also Romanized as Kahūr Lūt) is a village in Geshmiran Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Kahur Lut	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vicoforte is a comune in the Province of Cuneo in Italy.	Vicoforte	Province of Cuneo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Davudi (Persian: داوودي‎, also Romanized as Dāvūdī, Davodi, and Davoodi) is a village in Isin Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Davudi	Isin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pype Hayes Park is one of the larger parks in Birmingham, England.	Pype Hayes Park	Birmingham
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dasherjangal (Bengali: দাসেরজংগল) is a mouza as well as village of Idilpur Union of Gosairhat Upazila under Shariatpur District in the Dhaka Division, located at southern-central Bangladesh beside the west bank of Jayanti river.	Dasherjangal	Shariatpur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Diamond Run Viaduct is a steel girder bridge that carries the Pennsylvania Turnpike across the Schuylkill River.	Diamond Run Viaduct	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Popów-Parcela (ˈpɔpuf parˈt͡sɛla) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Popów, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Popów-Parcela	Gmina Popów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lower Peover is a village in the civil parish of Nether Peover in the unitary authority of Cheshire West and Chester and the ceremonial county of Cheshire, England, approximately 6 miles east of Northwich and 4 miles south of Knutsford.	Lower Peover	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Faramarz Kola (Persian: فرامرزكلا‎, also Romanized as Farāmarz Kolā) is a village in Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District, Shirgah District, Savadkuh County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Faramarz Kola	Sharq va Gharb-e Shirgah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clatsop Community College (CCC) is a comprehensive, 2-year community college with facilities in Astoria and Seaside, Oregon.	Clatsop Community College	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cieniawa (t͡ɕeˈɲava) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grybów, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Cieniawa	Gmina Grybów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harbor Drive is a short roadway in Portland, Oregon, functioning mainly as a ramp to/from Interstate 5.	Harbor Drive	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bryn Mawr Hospital, founded in 1893, is a Pennsylvania hospital in the western suburbs of Philadelphia that is part of Main Line Health, a community-based not-for-profit health system, comprising Lankenau Medical Center, Paoli Hospital, Riddle Hospital and Bryn Mawr Rehab Hospital.	Bryn Mawr Hospital	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gladstone Airport (IATA: GLT, ICAO: YGLA) is an airport serving Gladstone, a city in the Australian state of Queensland.	Gladstone Airport	Queensland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tahneh (Persian: طهنه‎, also Romanized as Ţahneh) is a village in Doboluk Rural District, Arjomand District, Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Tahneh	Doboluk Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John Hill Ranch-Keltomaki near Brownsville, South Dakota, United States, includes work from 1925.	John Hill Ranch-Keltomaki	South Dakota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howngeh-ye Pain (Persian: هونگه پايين‎, also Romanized as Howngeh-ye Pā’īn) is a village in Darreh Kayad Rural District, Sardasht District, Dezful County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Howngeh-ye Pain	Darreh Kayad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palmer Island Light Station is a historic lighthouse in New Bedford Harbor in New Bedford, Massachusetts, USA.	Palmer Island Light	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cathedral of Vasily the Blessed (Russian: Собор Василия Блаженного), commonly known as Saint Basil's Cathedral, is a church in Red Square in Moscow, Russia.	Saint Basil's Cathedral	Moscow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyfollah (Persian: سيف اله‎, also Romanized as Seyfollāh and Saifullah; also known as Kalāteh-ye Seyfollāh) is a village in Momenabad Rural District, in the Central District of Sarbisheh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Seyfollah	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chupadero is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Fe County, New Mexico, United States.	Chupadero	Santa Fe County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Triyuga (Nepali: त्रियुगा), also known as Gaighat, is a city and municipality in the Udayapur District in the Sagarmatha zone of south-eastern Nepal.	Triyuga	Udayapur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bradley Airport Connector (also the Bradley Field Connector) is a 4.6-mile (7.4 km) expressway built to connect Bradley International Airport to Interstate 91 in Windsor, Connecticut.	Bradley Airport Connector	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Woodford Court was the source of controversy in 2008 when a London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham councillor, Lucy Ivimy, apologised for apparently accusing Indian immigrants of throwing rubbish from windows.	Woodford Court	London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Blue Shield of California Building is a 328 ft (100 m), 23-floor high-rise office building in the Financial District of San Francisco, California, located at 50 Beale Street between Market Street and Mission Street.	Blue Shield of California Building	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	KaNyamazane Stadium, formerly also named Lekazi Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in the KaNyamazane village, situated 2.5km from Mthethomusha Game Reserve -also referred to as the SouthWestern corner of Kruger National Park; which is roughly 25km East of Nelspruit, in the Mpumalanga province of South Africa.	KaNyamazane Stadium	Nelspruit
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mac.Robertson Girls' High School (also known simply as Mac.Rob or MGHS) is an academically selective, public high school for gifted students, located in the city of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Mac.Robertson Girls' High School	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Laurentian Mountains (French: Laurentides) are a mountain range in southern Quebec, Canada, north of the St. Lawrence River and Ottawa River, rising to a highest point of 1,166 metres (3,825 ft) at Mont Raoul Blanchard, northeast of Quebec City in the Reserve Faunique des Laurentides.	Laurentian Mountains	Quebec
located in the administrative territorial entity	Claude Smith Field is a 500-seat baseball stadium on the campus of Mercer University in Macon, Georgia, United States.	Claude Smith Field	Macon
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Falmouth Village Green Historic District is a historic district encompassing the historic village center of Falmouth, Massachusetts.	Falmouth Village Green Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Shuli (Persian: چاه شولي‎, also Romanized as Chāh Shūlī and Chāhshūlī) is a village in Aviz Rural District, in the Central District of Farashband County, Fars Province, Iran.	Chah Shuli	Aviz Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate strait, the one-mile-wide (1.6 km), three-mile-long (4.8 km) channel between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean.	Golden Gate Bridge	San Francisco
located in the administrative territorial entity	Siciarz (ˈɕit͡ɕaʂ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Siciarz	Gmina Siemiątkowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svenstorp Castle (Swedish: Svenstorps slott) is a castle in Lund Municipality, Scania, in southern Sweden.	Svenstorp Castle	Lund Municipality
located in the administrative territorial entity	Worthington State Forest is a state forest located within the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, just above the water gap, in Warren County, New Jersey.	Worthington State Forest	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Aerodynamic Park (Aerodynamischer Park) of the Humboldt University in Berlin-Adlershof was once part of the German Johannisthal Air Field.	Aerodynamic Park	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Anqiu (Chinese: 安丘; pinyin: Ānqiū) is a county-level city under the jurisdiction of Weifang in the Chinese province of Shandong.	Anqiu	Weifang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central United Church is a historic congregation of the United Church of Canada located in the community of Weston, now a neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Central United Church	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Istgah-e Khosravi (Persian: ايستگاه خسروي‎, also Romanized as Īstgāh-e Khosravī; also known as Khosravī, Khosrovi, and Khusrovīeh) is a village in Mosharrahat Rural District, in the Central District of Ahvaz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Istgah-e Khosravi	Mosharrahat Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The village of High Littleton and its hamlets of Hallatrow and Amesbury form a civil parish and are located in the county of Somerset and straddle both the A39 and A37, 8 miles (13 km) from Bath, 12 miles (19 km) from Wells and 10 miles (16 km) from Bristol.	High Littleton	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaleń Pierwszy (ˈkalɛɲ ˈpjɛrfʂɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobolew, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kaleń Pierwszy	Gmina Sobolew
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gartnavel Royal Hospital is a mental health facility based in the west end of Glasgow, Scotland.	Gartnavel Royal Hospital	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kensaleyre (Scottish Gaelic: Ceann Sàil Eighre) is scattered crofting township, part of a group of settlements clustered around the A87 road on the shore of Loch Snizort Beag on the Trotternish peninsula of the island of Skye in the Highlands and Islands of Scotland.	Kensaleyre	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Saxon Mining Office (German: Sächsisches Oberbergamt) is the executive authority for mining rights in the German state of Saxony.	Saxon Mining Office	Saxony
located in the administrative territorial entity	Annapolis Area Christian School (AACS) is a private, non-denominational Christian school located in Annapolis and Severn, Maryland.	Annapolis Area Christian School	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisses (French pronunciation: ​(lis)) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	Lisses	Essonne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shire of York is a local government area in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia, covering an area of 2,133 square kilometres (824 sq mi) just beyond the eastern fringe of Perth's metropolitan area.	Shire of York	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sonoma Mountain High School is one of three alternative schools in Petaluma, California.	Sonoma Mountain High School	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wiesbaden (German pronunciation: (ˈviːsˌbaːdn̩)) is a city in central western Germany and the capital of the federal state of Hesse.	Wiesbaden	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fincham is a civil parish in North West Norfolk, England, with a population of approximately 500.	Fincham	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ab Bid-e Doshman Ziari (Persian: اببيددشمن زياري‎, also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Doshman Zīārī; also known as Āb Bīd and Darreh Āb Bīd) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District, Doshman Ziari District, Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Ab Bid-e Doshman Ziari	Doshman Ziari District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rue Dumenge is a street located in the 4th arrondissement of Lyon, in the quarter of La Croix-Rousse.	Rue Dumenge	4th arrondissement of Lyon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abeh-ye Sabzvariha (Persian: ابه سبزواريها‎, also Romanized as Ābeh-ye Sabzvārīhā; also known as Sabzevārī) is a village in Nezamabad Rural District, in the Central District of Azadshahr County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Abeh-ye Sabzvariha	Nezamabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kootstertille (West Frisian: Koatstertille) is a village in Achtkarspelen in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands.	Kootstertille	Achtkarspelen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lenningsen is a local part in the South of Bönen and belongs to the district of Unna in North Rhine-Westphalia.	Lenningsen	Bönen
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pardanjan (Persian: پردنجان‎, also Romanized as Pardanjān, Pardenjān, and Pordanjān; also known as Vardanjān) is a village in Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	Pardanjan	Mizdej-e Sofla Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Cesario sul Panaro is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Modena in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna, located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Bologna and about 12 kilometres (7 mi) southeast of Modena.	San Cesario sul Panaro	Province of Modena
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Colonial Brookwood Center is a 9-story Class A office building located in the Birmingham, Alabama suburb of Homewood.	Colonial Brookwood Center	Alabama
located in the administrative territorial entity	FC Winterthur is a Swiss football club based in Winterthur, Canton of Zürich.	FC Winterthur	Canton of Zürich
located in the administrative territorial entity	Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory (PPPL) is a United States Department of Energy national laboratory for plasma physics and nuclear fusion science located on Princeton University's Forrestal Campus in Plainsboro Township, Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States, though with a Princeton address.	Princeton Plasma Physics Laboratory	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Johnston Atoll is an uninhabited 1,300 ha (3,200 acres) atoll in the North Pacific Ocean located about 750 nmi (860 mi; 1,390 km) southwest of the island of Hawai'i and is grouped as one of the United States Minor Outlying Islands.	Johnston Atoll	United States Minor Outlying Islands
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saint Brother Albert Chmielowski Polish Mission (Polish: Polska Misja Katolicka Św. Brata Alberta Chmielowskiego w San Jose) is the parish church of a Polish mission located in San Jose, California.	Saint Brother Albert Chmielowski Polish Mission	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rekowo Górne (rɛˈkɔvɔ ˈɡurnɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck, within Puck County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Rekowo Górne	Gmina Puck
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flint Children's Museum in Flint, Michigan was inspired by a visit to a Washington D.C. children's museum in 1979.	Flint Children's Museum	Michigan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Le Roy House and Union Free School are located on East Main Street (New York State Route 5) in Le Roy, New York, United States.	Le Roy House and Union Free School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baziani (Persian: بازياني‎, also Romanized as Bāzīānī) is a village in Haft Ashiyan Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baziani	Haft Ashiyan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Goręczyno (ɡɔrɛnˈt͡ʂɨnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Somonino, within Kartuzy County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Goręczyno	Gmina Somonino
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bédarieux, (Occitan: Bedarius) is a commune in the Hérault department in the region of Languedoc-Roussillon in southern France.	Bédarieux	Hérault
located in the administrative territorial entity	Benton Field (IATA: BZF, FAA LID: O85), also known as Benton Airpark, is a city-owned public-use airport located one mile (1.6 km) west of the central business district of Redding, a city in Shasta County, California, United States.	Benton Field	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Helin is a lake which lies in the municipalities of Vestre Slidre and Vang in Oppland county, Norway.	Helin	Vestre Slidre	Vang
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Girard Avenue Bridge is an automobile and trolley bridge in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that carries Girard Avenue (U.S. Route 13) over the Schuylkill River.	Girard Avenue Bridge	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elgin Tower Building, originally the Home Banks Building, is a historic office building in downtown Elgin, Illinois.	Elgin Tower Building	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bear Lake High School is a public secondary school in Montpelier, Idaho, the only traditional high school of Bear Lake School District #33 and Bear Lake County.	Bear Lake High School	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mizerov (Polish: Mizerów, German: Miserau) is a district of the city of Karviná in Karviná District, Moravian-Silesian Region, Czech Republic.	Mizerov	Karviná
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bouck's Falls is located in the town of Fulton in Schoharie County, New York.	Bouck's Falls	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Puszno Skokowskie (ˈpuʂnɔ skɔˈkɔfskʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie, within Opole Lubelskie County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Puszno Skokowskie	Gmina Opole Lubelskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms, also known as the McCauley Lodging House and now known as the St. Patrick's House, is a former rooming house in Missoula, Montana.	Mrs. Lydia McCaffery's Furnished Rooms	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tomb-e Gowhar (Persian: تمب گوهر‎; also known as Towm-e Gowhar) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Tomb-e Gowhar	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grace-St. Luke's Episcopal Church is an historic church in Midtown Memphis, Tennessee.	Grace-St. Luke's Episcopal Church	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cassinelle is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont, about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southeast of Turin and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) south of Alessandria.	Cassinelle	Province of Alessandria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Fonda Theatre (formerly Music Box Theatre, Guild Theatre, Fox Theatre, and Pix Theatre) is a concert venue located on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles, California.	The Fonda Theatre	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Stade Océane (or Grand Stade du Havre) is a football stadium in Le Havre, France.	Stade Océane	Le Havre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kyrgyz National Agrarian University is a university in Bishkek, the capital of the former Soviet republic of Kyrgyzstan.	Kyrgyz National Agrarian University	Bishkek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mared (Persian: مارد‎‎, also Romanized as Māred, Mārad, Mārd, and Mārid) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Khorramshahr County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Mared	Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Balgay (Gaelic: Baile (na) Gaoithe) is a suburb in the west end of Dundee, Scotland.	Balgay	Dundee
located in the administrative territorial entity	City National Plaza is a twin tower skyscraper complex on South Flower Street in western Downtown Los Angeles, California.	City National Plaza	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pikes Peak International Raceway (PPIR) is a racetrack in a Colorado Springs annexed area of the Fountain, Colorado, postal zone that by October 12, 1997, was ``the fastest 1-mile paved oval anywhere''.	Pikes Peak International Raceway	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Black Horse Pike Regional School District (BHPRSD) is a regional public high school district serving students in ninth through twelfth grades from Bellmawr Borough, Gloucester Township and Runnemede Borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	Black Horse Pike Regional School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyszowatka (vɨʂɔˈvatka) (Ukrainian: Вишоватка, Vyshovatka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krempna, within Jasło County, Podkarpackie Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia.	Wyszowatka	Gmina Krempna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lisson Grove is a district and a street of the City of Westminster, London, just to the north of the city ring road.	Lisson Grove	City of Westminster
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasan Beyglu (Persian: حسن بيگلو‎, also Romanized as Ḩasan Beyglū) is a village in Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District, Minjavan District, Khoda Afarin County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Hasan Beyglu	Minjavan-e Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cincinnati State Technical and Community College (abbreviated CSTCC) is a technical and community college located in the Clifton neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio, United States.	Cincinnati State Technical and Community College	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Westernville, New York is a hamlet in Oneida County, located west of Adirondack Park and north of Utica.	Westernville, New York	Oneida County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wantmuri is a village in Hukeri taluk of Belgaum district in the southern state of Karnataka, India.	Wantmuri	Belgaum district	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khandas is a small village in Maharashtra India approximately 34 km from Karjat station.	Khandas	Maharashtra
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Center Wheeling Market is a historic public market located along Market Street between 22nd and 23rd Streets in Wheeling, Ohio County, West Virginia.	Center Wheeling Market	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jabłonowo-Kąty (jabwɔˈnɔvɔ ˈkɔntɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Jabłonowo-Kąty	Gmina Sokoły
located in the administrative territorial entity	Special Area No. 3 is a special area in southern Alberta, Canada.	Special Area No. 3	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Alexander Stewart Provincial Park is a nature reserve in McNab/Braeside, Renfrew, Ontario, Canada, about 11 kilometres (7 mi) west of the centre of Arnprior.	Alexander Stewart Provincial Park	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rockwood Chocolate Factory Historic District is a historic industrial complex and national historic district in Fort Greene, Brooklyn, New York, New York.	Rockwood Chocolate Factory Historic District	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Târgoviște (alternative spelling: Tîrgoviște; Romanian pronunciation: (tɨr.ˈɡo.viʃ.te)) is a city in Romania, being the county seat of the Dâmbovița County.	Târgoviște	Dâmbovița County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Palestra Itália Stadium (Portuguese: Estádio Palestra Itália), was a football stadium located in Barra Funda, São Paulo, standing on the site now occupied by the Allianz Parque stadium.	Estádio Palestra Itália	São Paulo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monett Municipal Airport (ICAO: KHFJ, FAA LID: HFJ, formerly M58) is a public-use airport located in Barry County, Missouri, United States.	Monett Municipal Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sarmargan Naleyn (Persian: سرمرگان نعلين‎, also Romanized as Sarmargān Na``leyn; also known as Sepīdār Na``leyn) is a village in Gavork-e Nalin Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 97, in 13 families.	Sarmargan Naleyn	Gavork-e Nalin Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gemmrigheim is a German village in the district of Ludwigsburg, in the administrative region of Stuttgart, in Baden-Württemberg.	Gemmrigheim	Ludwigsburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Starlight Station, New York, Ontario, and Western Railway, also known as Buckingham Township Municipal Building, is a historic railway station located at Buckingham Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania.	Starlight Station, New York, Ontario, and Western Railway	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzostowa Góra (bʐɔsˈtuba ˈɡurá) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Majdan Królewski, within Kolbuszowa County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Brzostowa Góra	Gmina Majdan Królewski
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagicz (ˈbaɡit͡ʂ) (formerly German Bodenhagen) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Bagicz	Gmina Ustronie Morskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Brookside Historic District of Westford, Massachusetts encompasses surviving elements of the 19th century Brookside mill village, the smallest of the town's three 19th-century industrial villages.	Brookside Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slushko Palace (Lithuanian: Sluškų rūmai, Polish: Pałac Słuszków) in Vilnius, Lithuania is a Baroque palace situated on the left bank of Neris River in the Old Town elderate, former Antakalnis suburb of the city.	Slushko Palace	Vilnius
located in the administrative territorial entity	Valdina (Sicilian: Vaddina) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily, located about 180 kilometres (110 mi) east of Palermo and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west of Messina.	Valdina	Province of Messina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Logan Pass (elevation 6,646 ft (2,026 m)) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park, in the U.S. state of Montana.	Logan Pass	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yaroslavl Oblast (Russian: Яросла́вская о́бласть, Yaroslavskaya oblast) is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast), which is located in the Central Federal District, surrounded by Tver, Moscow, Ivanovo, Vladimir, Kostroma, and Vologda Oblasts.	Yaroslavl Oblast	Russia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Loxwood is a small village and civil parish with several outlying settlements, including those at Alfold Bars, Gunshot Common, Flitchfold, Roundstreet Common, Drungewick Lane and Manor, and Wephurst Park, in the Chichester district of West Sussex, England, within the Low Weald.	Loxwood	West Sussex
located in the administrative territorial entity	Łabętnik (waˈbɛntnik) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bargłów Kościelny, within Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Łabętnik	Gmina Bargłów Kościelny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shamardi (Persian: شامردي‎, also Romanized as Shāmardī; also known as Shāh Mardī) is a village in Bemani Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Shamardi	Bemani Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Golaneh (Persian: گلا نه‎, also Romanized as Golāneh and Galāneh) is a village in Kowleh Rural District, Saral District, Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Golaneh	Kowleh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stouffville GO Station is a railway station in the GO Transit network located in Stouffville, Ontario in Canada.	Stouffville GO Station	Ontario
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great Hollow Lake is approximately 16 acres (65,000 m2) in size and is a part of William E. Wolfe Park, located in Monroe, Connecticut.	Great Hollow Lake	Connecticut
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fine Creek Mills Historic District is a property on the National Register of Historic Places in Powhatan County, Virginia, United States.	Fine Creek Mills Historic District	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mevani is a village lying on the bank of the Bhavani River, near Gobichettipalayam (15 km), Erode District, Tamil Nadu.	Mevani	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	The White Mountain Central Railroad is the short heritage railway at Clark's Trading Post in Lincoln, New Hampshire.	White Mountain Central Railroad	New Hampshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Česká Bělá (Czech pronunciation: (ˈtʃɛskaː ˈbjɛlaː)) is a small town (městys) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	Česká Bělá	Havlíčkův Brod District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Greenknowe Tower is a 16th-century tower house, located just west of the village of Gordon, in the Scottish Borders.	Greenknowe Tower	Scottish Borders
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chetab-e Sofla (Persian: چتاب سفلي‎, also Romanized as Chetāb-e Soflá; also known as Chetāb-e Āqākarīm and Chetāb-e Āqā Karīm) is a village in Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Meyaneh County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Chetab-e Sofla	Garmeh-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakadu National Park is a protected area in the Northern Territory of Australia, 171 km southeast of Darwin.	Kakadu National Park	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Torkeh-ye Olya (Persian: تركه عليا‎, also Romanized as Torkeh-ye ``Olyā) is a village in Palanganeh Rural District, in the Central District of Javanrud County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 5 families.	Torkeh-ye Olya	Kermanshah Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Shif (Persian: سرشيف‎, also Romanized as Sar Shīf) is a village in Band-e Zarak Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar Shif	Band-e Zarak Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeeralang Power Station is a gas turbine power station near Morwell, Victoria, Australia.	Jeeralang Power Station	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott Community College is a community college in Bettendorf, Iowa and is part of the Eastern Iowa Community Colleges that also includes Clinton Community College and Muscatine Community College.	Scott Community College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	McCormick Tribune Plaza & Ice Rink or McCormick Tribune Plaza is a multi-purpose venue within Millennium Park in the Loop community area of Chicago, Illinois, in the United States.	McCormick Tribune Plaza & Ice Rink	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stavernsodden Lighthouse (Norwegian: Stavernsodden fyr) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Larvik in Vestfold, Norway.	Stavernsodden Lighthouse	Larvik
located in the administrative territorial entity	Psary-Kolonia (ˈpsarɨ kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Secemin, within Włoszczowa County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Psary-Kolonia	Gmina Secemin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Saqqavan (Persian: سقوان‎, also Romanized as Şaqqavān) is a village in Banesh Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran.	Saqqavan	Banesh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ferdows County (Persian: شهرستان فردوس‎) is a county in the northwest of South Khorasan Province in Iran.	Ferdows County	South Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tamfourhill is a working-class residential suburb of Falkirk within the Falkirk (council area), Scotland.	Tamfourhill	Falkirk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pehun (Persian: پهون‎, also Romanized as Pehūn) is a village in Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District, Sorna District, Rostam County, Fars Province, Iran.	Pehun	Poshtkuh-e Rostam Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Stare Koziminy (ˈstarɛ kɔʑiˈminɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płońsk, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Stare Koziminy	Gmina Płońsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dobieszków (dɔˈbjɛʂkuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stryków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Dobieszków	Gmina Stryków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bircham Newton is the smallest of the three villages that make up the civil parish of Bircham, in the west of the English county of Norfolk.	Bircham Newton	Norfolk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rusowo (ruˈsɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustronie Morskie, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Rusowo	Gmina Ustronie Morskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Perryman Ranch Headquarters is located in the current Jackson County, Oklahoma.	Perryman Ranch Headquarters	Oklahoma
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fairfax Community Church (Fairfax.cc) is an evangelical congregation located in Fairfax County, Virginia.	Fairfax Community Church	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jir-e Balan (Persian: جيربالان‎, also Romanized as Jīr-e Bālān) is a village in Seh Hezar Rural District, Khorramabad District, Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Jir-e Balan	Seh Hezar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laiyang city (Chinese: 莱阳) is a county-level city within Yantai bordering Qingdao, located at the middle of Shandong peninsula, China.	Laiyang	Yantai
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sangzhi County (simplified Chinese: 桑植县; traditional Chinese: 桑植縣; pinyin: Sāngzhí Xiàn) is under the administration of Zhangjiajie, Hunan province, China.	Sangzhi County	Zhangjiajie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mission Santa Inés (sometimes spelled Santa Ynez) is a Spanish mission in the present-day city of Solvang, California, and named after St. Agnes of Rome.	Mission Santa Inés	Solvang
located in the administrative territorial entity	Samprangan, also spelt Samplangan, is a historical site on Bali, Indonesia.	Samprangan	Bali
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaynardzha Municipality (Bulgarian: Община Кайнарджа) is a municipality (obshtina) in Silistra Province, Northeastern Bulgaria, located in the Danubian Plain, in the area of the South Dobrudzha geographical region, bounded on the north with Romania.	Kaynardzha Municipality	Silistra Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Union Bay Post Office in the community of Union Bay, Comox Valley Regional District, British Columbia, Canada, was built in 1913 and is one of only two old wooden post offices left in Canada.	Union Bay Post Office	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naval Support Activity Mid-South (NSA Mid-South, NAVSUPPACT Mid-South, NSAMS), in Millington, Tennessee, is a base of the United States Navy.	Naval Support Activity Mid-South	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Coe College is a private, four-year, liberal arts college in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.	Coe College	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tung Choi Street (Chinese: 通菜街; pinyin: Tōngcài Jiē; Cantonese Yale: tung1 choi3 gaai1) is a street situated between south of Sai Yeung Choi Street and Fa Yuen Street in Mong Kok, Kowloon, Hong Kong.	Tung Choi Street	Hong Kong
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dandirhat (Bengali: দন্ডিরহাট) is a village of the sub-divisional town Basirhat, West Bengal, India, and is a part of the Basirhat municipality.	Dandirhat	West Bengal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Country Club Mall is a shopping mall located in La Vale, Maryland, a suburb of Cumberland, Maryland in Allegany County, Maryland.	Country Club Mall	Allegany County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bracondale Hill, also known as Hillcrest, is an upper-middle-class neighbourhood located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	Bracondale Hill	Toronto
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bugey (Arpitan: Bugê) is a historical region in the department of Ain in eastern France between Lyon and Geneva.	Bugey	Ain
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Biblioteca Comunale degli Intronati is the public library located via della Sapienza #3 of the comune of Siena, in Tuscany, Italy.	Biblioteca Comunale degli Intronati	Siena
located in the administrative territorial entity	Intermountain Power Plant is a large coal-fired power plant at Delta, Utah, USA.	Intermountain Power Plant	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Neendoor is a very small town in the Kottayam district in Kerala, India.	Neendoor	Kottayam district
located in the administrative territorial entity	Drosophila Genetic Reference Panel (DGRP) is a suite of Drosophila melanogaster lines derived from an out-crossed population in Raleigh, North Carolina.	Drosophila Genetic Reference Panel	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	The John and Maria Adams House is a historic structure near the city of Olmsted Falls, Ohio, United States.	John and Maria Adams House	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Frantz Round Barn was located near Grand Junction in rural Greene County, Iowa.	Frantz Round Barn	Iowa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Deobahal also known as Debahal and Debabahal is a village situated in Nuapada District (Khariar Block), Odisha, India.Deobahal the word consist of two parts, one is Deo which mean Deva or God and another one is Bahal which means Land.	Deobahal	Odisha
located in the administrative territorial entity	Camp Porter, Montana Territory, was established as a single-year camp in the Department of Dakota by the U.S. Army, to provided protection to Northern Pacific Railway construction crews during the Indian Wars.	Camp Porter	Montana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pier 63 was the name for a former Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad railroad barge on the Hudson River in New York City, in the Chelsea neighborhood of the borough of Manhattan.	Pier 63	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paris France Temple is a temple of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) currently being constructed in Le Chesnay, a suburb of Paris, France.	Paris France Temple	Le Chesnay
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Morses Creek, a perennial stream of the North-East Murray catchment of the Murray-Darling basin, is located in the alpine region of Victoria, Australia.	Morses Creek	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Issaquah Depot is a former railway station located in Issaquah, Washington, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Issaquah Depot	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Imogene Pass (el. 3997 m./13,114 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains in the southwest part of the US state of Colorado.	Imogene Pass	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Luisetaines is a French commune located in the Seine-et-Marne département, in the Île-de-France région.	Luisetaines	Seine-et-Marne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abadia de Goiás is a municipality in central Goiás state, Brazil, located on the western edge of the Goiânia metropolitan area.	Abadia de Goiás	Goiânia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bioul is a village which, following local government boundary reforms in 1977, has been part of the municipality of Anhée, in the Belgian province of Namur.	Bioul	Anhée
located in the administrative territorial entity	Koskowice (kɔskɔˈvit͡sɛ) (German: Koischwitz) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Legnickie Pole, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Koskowice	Gmina Legnickie Pole
located in the administrative territorial entity	Laundos or Laúndos is one of the seven civil parishes of Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.	Laundos	Póvoa de Varzim
located in the administrative territorial entity	Montgomery Stadium was a multi-use stadium in Phoenix, Arizona on the campus of the now-closed Phoenix Union High School.	Montgomery Stadium	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mahansar is a village in the Shekhawati region in Rajasthan, India.	Mahansar	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Duży Potok (ˈduʐɨ ˈpɔtɔk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Duży Potok	Gmina Mniszków
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cornelius Island is a small uninhabited island in Wickford Harbor, Narragansett Bay, Wickford, Rhode Island.	Cornelius Island	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Trail Ridge Road is the name for a stretch of U.S. Highway 34 that traverses Rocky Mountain National Park from Estes Park, Colorado in the east to Grand Lake, Colorado in the west.	Trail Ridge Road	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Classroom, Laboratory & Administration Building, commonly known simply as the CLA Building, is a building on the campus of California State Polytechnic University, Pomona (Cal Poly Pomona).	CLA Building	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Quercianella is a frazione of the comune of Livorno, in the province of Livorno, Tuscany, Italy.	Quercianella	Livorno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Konar Dun-e Sofla (Persian: كناردون سفلي‎, also Romanized as Konār Dūn-e Soflá; also known as Konār Dūn-e) is a village in Margha Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Konar Dun-e Sofla	Margha Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scott Municipal Airport (ICAO: KSCX, FAA LID: SCX) is a public-use airport located four nautical miles (7 km) southwest of the central business district of Oneida, a city in Scott County, Tennessee, United States.	Scott Municipal Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pico da Pedra (Portuguese: peak of the rock) is a civil parish in the municipality of Ribeira Grande in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores.	Pico da Pedra	Azores
located in the administrative territorial entity	The final county that the Will Rogers Turnpike serves is Ottawa County.	Will Rogers Turnpike	Ottawa County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robecco Pavese is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy, located in the Oltrepò Pavese about 45 km south of Milan and about 15 km south of Pavia.	Robecco Pavese	Province of Pavia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białe-Szczepanowice (ˈbjawɛ ʂt͡ʂɛpanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty-Pianki, within Ostrów Mazowiecka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Białe-Szczepanowice	Gmina Boguty-Pianki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grand View Point Hotel, also known as the Ship of the Alleghenies, was a historic hotel and roadside attraction located at Juniata Township in Bedford County, Pennsylvania.	Grand View Point Hotel	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zeynali (Persian: زينعلي‎, also Romanized as Zeyn``alī) is a village in Valanjerd Rural District, in the Central District of Borujerd County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 106, in 27 families.	Zeynali	Valanjerd Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rye Town Park-Bathing Complex and Oakland Beach is a historic park and public beach located on Long Island Sound at Rye, Westchester County, New York.	Rye Town Park-Bathing Complex and Oakland Beach	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Piątkowisko (pjɔntkɔˈviskɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pabianice, within Pabianice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Piątkowisko	Gmina Pabianice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Parc de la Marseillaise is a public arboretum and botantical garden in the center of the town of Guebwiller, in the department of Haut-Rhin, in the Alsace Region of France.	Parc de la Marseillaise	Guebwiller
located in the administrative territorial entity	Red Bank Regional High School (often abbreviated RBR) is a comprehensive regional four-year public high school and school district that serves students in ninth through twelfth grades from the boroughs of Little Silver, Red Bank and Shrewsbury, three municipalities in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States.	Red Bank Regional High School	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	MacEwan University is a post-secondary educational institution located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	MacEwan University	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Mendocino Coast Botanical Gardens are located on 47 acres (19 hectares) in Fort Bragg, California, USA between California's Highway One and the Pacific Ocean.	Mendocino Coast Botanical Gardens	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Masha-ye 7 Gazabad (Persian: مشاع 7گزاباد‎, also Romanized as Mashāʿ-ye 7 Gazābād) is a village in Garmsar Rural District, Jebalbarez-e Jonubi District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Masha-ye 7 Gazabad	Garmsar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Spruce Lake Protected Area, was a 71,347-hectare Protected Area in the British Columbia provincial parks system 200 km north of Vancouver.	Spruce Lake Protected Area	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The David Sears House is a historic house at 42-43 Beacon Street in the Beacon Hill neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.	David Sears House	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Białawy Małe (bjaˈwavɨ ˈmawɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wińsko, within Wołów County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Białawy Małe	Gmina Wińsko
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zighan (Persian: زيغان‎, also Romanized as Zīghān; also known as Zīqān) is a village in Arudan Rural District, in the Central District of Mohr County, Fars Province, Iran.	Zighan	Arudan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapaqli (Persian: چاپاقلي‎, also Romanized as Chāpāqlī; also known as Chafqolī) is a village in Jafarbay-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Torkaman County, Golestan Province, Iran.	Chapaqli	Golestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kingda Ka is a steel accelerator roller coaster located at Six Flags Great Adventure in Jackson, New Jersey, United States.	Kingda Ka	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kordowo (kɔrˈdɔvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo-Borki, within Ostrołęka County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Kordowo	Gmina Olszewo-Borki
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prior Lake High School (PLHS) is located in Savage, Minnesota, covering grades 9-12.	Prior Lake High School	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mierzanowice (mjɛʐanɔˈvit͡sɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojciechowice, within Opatów County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland.	Mierzanowice	Gmina Wojciechowice
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Whitechapel Gallery is a public art gallery on the north side of Whitechapel High Street, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.	Whitechapel Gallery	London Borough of Tower Hamlets
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holy Name of Jesus Catholic School (HNJ) is a Catholic private day school in Indialantic, Florida.	Holy Name of Jesus Catholic School	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Avaseh Amid Ali (Persian: اوسه اميدعلي‎, also Romanized as Āvaseh Āmīd ʿAlī) is a village in Tang-e Haft Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Avaseh Amid Ali	Tang-e Haft Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nash-McDonald House is a Gothic Revival house in Anchorage, Kentucky that was built in 1869.	Nash-McDonald House	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cape Lookout National Seashore preserves a 56-mile (90-km) long section of the Southern Outer Banks, or Crystal Coast, of North Carolina, USA, running from Ocracoke Inlet on the northeast to Beaufort Inlet on the southeast.	Cape Lookout National Seashore	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bar Aftab-e Ghazal (Persian: برافتاب غزال‎, also Romanized as Bar Āftāb-e Ghazāl; also known as Bakhshvand-e Barāftāb) is a village in Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District, Mamulan District, Pol-e Dokhtar County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bar Aftab-e Ghazal	Miyankuh-e Sharqi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mandikal is a village located in present KOLAR district in Karnataka, India.It is a small village of a population more than 5000 .	Mandikal	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	Teleport (Amsterdam) is a neighborhood of Amsterdam in the ``stadsdeel,'' or borough, of Westpoort in the province of North Holland in the Netherlands.	Teleport (Amsterdam)	Westpoort
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Amazing Pizza Machine is a family entertainment center located in the Millard area of Omaha, Nebraska.	The Amazing Pizza Machine	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malechy (maˈlɛxɨ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo, within Maków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Malechy	Gmina Karniewo
located in the administrative territorial entity	Achnaconeran is a remote crofting settlement in the Inverness committee area of Highland and is in the Scottish council area of Highland.	Achnaconeran	Highland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Moose Jaw City was a provincial electoral district in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan.	Moose Jaw City	Saskatchewan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wyrazów (vɨˈrazuf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Blachownia, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Wyrazów	Gmina Blachownia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shengli North Subdistrict (Chinese: 胜利北街道) is a township-level division of Qiaodong District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Shengli North Subdistrict	Qiaodong District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Lehmal (Persian: لهمال‎, also Romanized as Lehmāl) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Lehmal	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ralph and Debbie Taylor Stadium at Simmons Field (also Taylor Stadium at Simmons Field) is a baseball stadium in Columbia, Missouri.	Taylor Stadium	Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Swan Pond, also known as ``Folkland'' and the Dr. Edward O. Williams House, is a historic home located near Martinsburg, Berkeley County, West Virginia.	Swan Pond	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Guda Endla is a village is located in Pali District of Rajasthan in Northern India.	Guda Endla	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tarraby is a hamlet in the City of Carlisle district, in the county of Cumbria, England.	Tarraby	Cumbria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Dylan Thomas Centre is an arts centre located in the Maritime Quarter in Swansea, Wales.	Dylan Thomas Centre	Swansea
located in the administrative territorial entity	Clear Falls High School is a public high school located in League City, Texas and is part of the Clear Creek Independent School District.	Clear Falls High School	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chapaqan (Persian: چپقان‎, also Romanized as Chapaqān; also known as Chayaqān) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District, Meshgin-e Sharqi District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran.	Chapaqan	Qarah Su Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wellsville Mountains are located in northern Utah and are often considered part of the Wasatch Mountains.	Wellsville Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Riddlesdown Common or Riddlesdown is a 43 hectare area of green space in Kenley, towards the northern end of the North Downs in the London Borough of Croydon.	Riddlesdown Common	London Borough of Croydon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bala Jelu (Persian: بالاجلو‎, also Romanized as Bālā Jelū) is a village in Chehel Shahid Rural District, in the Central District of Ramsar County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Bala Jelu	Chehel Shahid Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vivian Airport (FAA LID: 3F4) is a town-owned public-use airport located two nautical miles (3.7 km) southwest of the central business district of Vivian, a town in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.	Vivian Airport	Louisiana
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brixen im Thale lies in Kitzbühel District about 10 km west of the district town of Kitzbühel at the head of the Brixental at 794 m above sea level, nestling amongst the grass-covered mountains of the Kitzbühel Alps.	Brixen im Thale	Kitzbühel District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Senjahopen or Senjehopen is a village in the municipality of Berg in Troms county, Norway.	Senjahopen	Berg
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum was a museum in Madison, Georgia, United States that held a large collection of microcars.	The Bruce Weiner Microcar Museum	Georgia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Svarants (Armenian: Սվարանց, also Romanized as Svarants'') is a village and rural community (municipality) in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	Svarants	Syunik Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kashanbeh-ye Chahardangi (Persian: كاشنبه چهاردانگي‎, also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Chahārdāngī and Kāshanbeh-ye Chahār Dāngī) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Kashanbeh-ye Chahardangi	Chaqa Narges Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sjenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Сјеница; pronounced (sjɛ̌nitsa)), is a town and municipality in the Zlatibor District of Serbia .	Sjenica	Zlatibor District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pir-e Gavgol (Persian: پيرگاوگل‎, also Romanized as Pīr-e Gāvgol and Pirgāvgol; also known as Pargāvgol, Parkāgol, and Pīrgojil) is a village in Khararud Rural District, in the Central District of Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	Pir-e Gavgol	Khararud Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northwest Railway Museum is a railroad museum in Snoqualmie, King County, Washington.	Northwest Railway Museum	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żmuda (ˈʐmuda) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Żmuda	Gmina Lututów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Horyszów-Stara Kolonia (xɔˈrɨʂuf ˈstara kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sitno, within Zamość County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Horyszów-Stara Kolonia	Gmina Sitno
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gopinatham is a rural village located in Karnataka state, India, in the border area of Tamil Nadu.	Gopinatham	Karnataka
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Von Trotha-Firestien Farm is a historic farm near Bracewell in Weld County, Colorado, United States.	Von Trotha-Firestien Farm	Weld County
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grzeczna Panna (ˈɡʐɛt͡ʂna ˈpanna) (translation: Polite Miss, German: Schönmädel) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szubin, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Grzeczna Panna	Gmina Szubin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middlezoy is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett as it crosses the Somerset Levels in the Sedgemoor district of Somerset, England.	Middlezoy	Somerset
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bailing Sport Park (Chinese: 百齡運動公園; pinyin: Bǎilíng Yùndòng Gōngyuán) is a multi-use sport venue located in Shilin District, Taipei, Taiwan.	Bailing Sport Park	Taipei
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMXL (95.1 FM) is an American radio station serving the Joplin, Missouri metropolitan area and is one of the top rated Adult Hits stations in the nation.	KMXL	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Cushing Hotel is a historic hotel in Afton, Minnesota, United States, established in 1867 to cater to railroad workers, lumbermen, and travelers.	Cushing Hotel	Minnesota
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Müritz National Park (German: Müritz-Nationalpark) is a national park situated roughly in the middle between Berlin and Rostock, in the south of the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.	Müritz National Park	Mecklenburg-Vorpommern
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fayetteville National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery located on the southern side of the city of Fayetteville in Washington County, Arkansas.	Fayetteville National Cemetery	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Satyun (सात्यूं ) (Satyu) is a village of Taranagar tehsil in Churu district in Rajasthan, India.	Satyun	Churu district	Rajasthan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Formerly known as the Hôtel Concorde La Fayette, the Hyatt Regency Paris Étoile is a skyscraper hotel located near the Porte Maillot in the 17th arrondissement of Paris, France.	Hyatt Regency Paris Étoile	17th arrondissement of Paris
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tina Weedon Smith Memorial Hall, located at 805 S. Mathews Avenue in Urbana, Illinois, is an historic building on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.	Tina Weedon Smith Memorial Hall	Illinois
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Souders Historical Museum is located 1/2 mile southwest of Cheney, Kansas, United States on MacArthur Road (39th St. S.) and depicts what life was like in Cheney and rural Kansas in the late 1880s and early 1900s.	Souders Historical Museum	Kansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	KPTX (98.3 FM, 98x FM West Texas Best) is a radio station broadcasting an Adult Contemporary music format.	KPTX	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sępolno Wielkie (sɛmˈpɔlnɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biały Bór, within Szczecinek County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sępolno Wielkie	Gmina Biały Bór
located in the administrative territorial entity	Big Cottonwood Canyon is a canyon in the Wasatch Range 12 miles (19 km) southeast of Salt Lake City in the U.S. state of Utah.	Big Cottonwood Canyon	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cottonwood Peak is a mountain in northwestern British Columbia, Canada, located in the Iverson Creek area.	Cottonwood Peak	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Razianeh Kari (Persian: رازيانه كاري‎, also Romanized as Rāzīāneh Kārī; also known as Rāyjānkārī and Rāzīān-e Kārī) is a village in Bakesh-e Yek Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	Razianeh Kari	Bakesh-e Yek Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Olszowiec-Kolonia (ɔlˈʂɔvjɛt͡s kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa, within Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Olszowiec-Kolonia	Gmina Bychawa
located in the administrative territorial entity	General DeWitt Spain Airport (FAA LID: M01) is a civil, public airport located five miles (8 km) northwest of the central business district of Memphis, a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States.	General DeWitt Spain Airport	Tennessee
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Egg Harbor Friends Meeting House is a historic Quaker meeting house at 21 E. Main Street in Tuckerton, Ocean County, New Jersey, United States.	Little Egg Harbor Friends Meeting House	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nadavapalli is a village, located in East Godavari district in Katrenikona, in Andhra Pradesh state.	Nadavapalli	Andhra Pradesh
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gaga'ifomauga is a political district on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.	Gaga'ifomauga	Samoa
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ormiston Pound is a ring of mountains punctuating the MacDonnell Ranges, in the West MacDonnell National Park, approximately 135 kilometres west of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory, Australia.	Ormiston Pound	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kane Armory, is a historic National Guard ``T'' Plan armory located in Kane, McKean County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Kane Armory	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Baleh Bazan (Persian: بله بزان‎, also Romanized as Baleh Bazān; also known as Baleh Bazār) is a village in Howli Rural District, in the Central District of Paveh County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	Baleh Bazan	Howli Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sar Tang-e Darreh Shir (Persian: سرتنگ دره شير‎, also Romanized as Sar Tang-e Darreh Shīr) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District, in the Central District of Hajjiabad County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Sar Tang-e Darreh Shir	Dar Agah Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pottassery-I is a village in the Kozhikode district, state of Kerala, India.	Pottassery-I	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Elizabeth Arden Building is an historic building, located at 1147 Connecticut Avenue, Northwest, Washington, D.C., in downtown Washington, D.C.	Elizabeth Arden Building	Washington, D.C.
located in the administrative territorial entity	General Viamonte Partido is a partido located in the north of Buenos Aires Province in Argentina.	General Viamonte Partido	Buenos Aires Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mazraeh-ye Kahriz Sofla (Persian: مزرعه كهريزسفلي‎, also Romanized as Mazra``eh-ye Kahrīz Soflá) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its existence was noted, but its population was not reported.	Mazraeh-ye Kahriz Sofla	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Willard Asylum for the Chronic Insane is a building complex in Willard, New York, near Seneca Lake.	Willard Asylum for the Chronic Insane	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Brzozowo Wielkie (bʐɔˈzɔvɔ ˈvjɛlkʲɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne, within Przasnysz County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	Brzozowo Wielkie	Gmina Krasne
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Keene Springs Hotel is a rambling wood-frame, two-story Greek Revival-style building built in sections in 1841 by Mason Singleton, Jr. in the hamlet of Keene, near Nicholasville, Kentucky in Jessamine County.	Keene Springs Hotel	Kentucky
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Paradies Glacier (German: Paradiesgletscher) is a 2.27 km long glacier (2007) situated in the Lepontine Alps in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.	Paradies Glacier	Graubünden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Scarcroft is an upmarket village and civil parish 6 miles (10 km) north east of Leeds city centre in the City of Leeds metropolitan borough, West Yorkshire, England.	Scarcroft	Leeds	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Neal S. Blaisdell Center in downtown Honolulu, Hawaii is a community center for the City & County of Honolulu.	Neal S. Blaisdell Center	Hawaii
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skurowa (skuˈrɔva) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzostek, within Dębica County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	Skurowa	Gmina Brzostek
located in the administrative territorial entity	Maravamangalam is the village of Sivaganga District, Tamil Nadu, India.	Maravamangalam	Tamil Nadu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Palcza (ˈpalt͡ʂa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budzów, within Sucha County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Palcza	Gmina Budzów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monmouth (/ˈmɒnməθ/ MON-məth; Welsh: Trefynwy meaning ``town on the Monnow'') is a traditional county town in Monmouthshire, Wales.	Monmouth	Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chengan (Persian: چنگان‎, also Romanized as Chengān) is a village in Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Isfahan County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chengan	Qahab-e Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Socchieve (Friulian: Soclêf ) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 110 kilometres (68 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Udine.	Socchieve	Province of Udine
located in the administrative territorial entity	Commerce Bank Field at Foley Stadium is an historic sports venue in Worcester, Massachusetts.	Commerce Bank Field at Foley Stadium	Worcester
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Church of Our Lady of Loreto (Polish: Kościół Matki Boskiej Loretańskiej) is an ornate church in Praga, a district of Warsaw, Poland, on the east bank of the Vistula River.	Church of Our Lady of Loreto	Warsaw
located in the administrative territorial entity	Liberty Place is a skyscraper complex in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	Liberty Place	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sittingbourne is an industrial town situated in the Swale district of Kent in south east England, 17 miles (27 km) from Canterbury and 45 miles (72 km) from London.	Sittingbourne	Swale
located in the administrative territorial entity	Solikamsky Uyezd (Russian: Соликамский уезд) was an administrative division (uyezd) of Perm Governorate, which existed in 1781-1923.	Solikamsky Uyezd	Perm Governorate
located in the administrative territorial entity	World War II Veterans Memorial State Park is a Rhode Island state park located in the city of Woonsocket.	World War II Veterans Memorial State Park	Rhode Island
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vardsiseh-ye Margown (Persian: وردسيسه مارگون‎, also Romanized as Vardsīseh-ye Mārgown) is a village in Margown Rural District, Margown District, Boyer-Ahmad County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran.	Vardsiseh-ye Margown	Margown Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Bundesstraße 4 (or abbreviated B4) is a German federal highway running in a northwesterly to southly direction from the state of Schleswig-Holstein to Bavaria.	Bundesstraße 4	Schleswig-Holstein	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Butlers' Store is a group of three historic commercial buildings in New Hope, Alabama.	Butlers' Store	New Hope
located in the administrative territorial entity	Carrizozo Municipal Airport (FAA LID: F37) is a town owned, public use airport located one nautical mile (2 km) northwest of the central business district of Carrizozo, a town in Lincoln County, New Mexico, United States.	Carrizozo Municipal Airport	New Mexico
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mecom Fountain is a 1964 fountain designed by Eugene Werlin, located in the traffic circle at the intersection of Main and Montrose streets in Houston, Texas, in the United States.	Mecom Fountain	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	San Carlos Minas is a town in Córdoba Province in Argentina, it is the head town of the Minas Department.	San Carlos Minas	Minas Department
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kutak-e Rayisi (Persian: كوتك رئيسي‎, also Romanized as Kūtak-e Rayīsī; also known as Kūh Tak and Kūtak) is a village in Karian Rural District, in the Central District of Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Kutak-e Rayisi	Karian Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Botero Museum located in Bogotá, Colombia houses one of Latin America's most important international art collections.	Botero Museum	Bogotá
located in the administrative territorial entity	Plaza de Oriente is a square in the historic centre of Madrid, Spain.	Plaza de Oriente	Madrid
located in the administrative territorial entity	Staats Mill Covered Bridge, also known as Tug Fork Covered Bridge, is a historic wooden covered bridge near Ripley in Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.	Staats Mill Covered Bridge	West Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chrobakowe (xrɔbaˈkɔvɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Psary, within Będzin County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	Chrobakowe	Gmina Psary
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zirrah Amirqoli (Persian: زيرراه اميرقلي‎, also Romanized as Zīrrāh Āmīrqolī) is a village in Mahru Rural District, Zaz va Mahru District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Zirrah Amirqoli	Mahru Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Springer Lake is a lake in central North America, in the province of Manitoba, Canada, about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north east of the city of Winnipeg.	Springer Lake	Manitoba
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chuzhou (Chinese: 滁州; pinyin: Chúzhōu) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Anhui Province, China.	Chuzhou	Anhui
located in the administrative territorial entity	Renaissance Computing Institute (RENCI) was launched in 2004 as a collaboration involving the State of North Carolina, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (UNC-CH), Duke University, and North Carolina State University.	Renaissance Computing Institute	North Carolina
located in the administrative territorial entity	Cambridge Historic District, Wards I and III is a national historic district in Cambridge, Dorchester County, Maryland.	Cambridge Historic District, Wards I and III	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Banner Creek Summit is a mountain pass in central Idaho, at an elevation of 7,037 feet (2,145 m) above sea level on State Highway 21, the Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway.	Banner Creek Summit	Idaho
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Traverse Mountains, or sometimes Traverse Range, are an anomalous, geologically complex, east-trending range that separates Salt Lake Valley and Utah Valley in the U.S. State of Utah.	Traverse Mountains	Utah
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naruk (Persian: نروك‎, also Romanized as Narūk) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, Jazmurian District, Rudbar-e Jonubi County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Naruk	Jazmurian District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Kalmithaus, also called the Ludwigshafener Hut, near Maikammer in the Rhineland-Palatinate county of Südliche Weinstraße is a refuge hut in the Palatinate Forest run by the Ludwigshafen-Mannheim branch of the Palatinate Forest Club.	Kalmithaus	Rhineland-Palatinate
located in the administrative territorial entity	Daytona International Speedway is a race track in Daytona Beach, Florida, United States.	Daytona International Speedway	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Yearsley is a small village and civil parish in the district of Hambleton in North Yorkshire, England.	Yearsley	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Northfield Main Street Historic District is a historic district located along the full length of Main Street from Millers Brook to Pauchaug Brook in Northfield, Massachusetts.	Northfield Main Street Historic District	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chirikof Island is located in the Gulf of Alaska approximately 80 miles (130 km) southwest of Kodiak Island.	Chirikof Island	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hyderguda is a major locality in Hyderabad, Telangana, India.	Hyderguda	Hyderabad
located in the administrative territorial entity	Collège Notre-Dame du Sacré-Cœur is a private French language co-education secondary school in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	Collège Notre-Dame du Sacré-Cœur	Montreal
located in the administrative territorial entity	Naprom (ˈnaprɔm) (German: Groß Nappern) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Naprom	Gmina Ostróda
located in the administrative territorial entity	Zabcikville, Texas (/ˈzɑːbtʃɪkˌvɪl/ ZOB-chik-vil) is an unincorporated community in east Bell County, Texas with a population of about 40 according to a 1990 estimate.	Zabcikville, Texas	Bell County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Western Los Angeles County Council (WLACC) (#051) is one of five Boy Scouts of America councils in Los Angeles County, California.	Western Los Angeles County Council	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harker Park Lake is located on the northwest face of Burro Mountain in Rio Blanco County, Colorado, United States.	Harker Park Lake	Colorado
located in the administrative territorial entity	Odelzhausen is a town and municipality in the west of the region of ``Dachau'' (Upper Bavaria).	Odelzhausen	Dachau	Bavaria
located in the administrative territorial entity	The South Saskatchewan River is a major river in Canada that flows through the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan.	South Saskatchewan River	Alberta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Burj Ran Singh (Punjabi: ਬੁਰਜ ਰਣ ਸਿੰਘ, Shahmukhi and Urdu: بر ج رن سنگھ‎), also spelled as Burj Ran Singh Wala, is a village in the Chunian Tehsil of Kasur District in West Punjab (Pakistan).	Burj Ran Singh	Kasur District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Upper River Valley Hospital is a Canadian hospital located in Waterville, New Brunswick.	Upper River Valley Hospital	New Brunswick
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schloss Leopoldskron is a rococo palace and a national historic monument in Leopoldskron-Moos, a southern district of the city of Salzburg, Austria.	Schloss Leopoldskron	Salzburg
located in the administrative territorial entity	Terrarossa is a frazione of the comune of Licciana Nardi in the Province of Massa-Carrara in the Italian region of Tuscany.	Terrarossa	Licciana Nardi
located in the administrative territorial entity	Tsirion Stadium (Greek: Τσίρειο Στάδιο) is an all seater multi-purpose stadium in Limassol, Cyprus.	Tsirion Stadium	Limassol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Barra do Garças is a city with a population of 50,000 located in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso, around 550 km (340 mi) far from the capital city of Cuiabá.	Barra do Garças	Mato Grosso
located in the administrative territorial entity	Henry McCauley Farm is a historic farm complex located at Hagerstown, Washington County, Maryland, United States.	Henry McCauley Farm	Maryland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Marston on Dove is nine miles south west of Derby and two miles south west of Tutbury in South Derbyshire.	Marston on Dove	Derbyshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Perşembe (Turkish: Perşembe, meaning Thursday) (formerly Vona, Βόνη in ancient Greek, also Heneti, ჰენეთი in Georgian and Laz languages) is a town and district of Ordu Province on the Black Sea coast of Turkey.	Perşembe	Ordu Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Housing Conservation Coordinators (HCC) is a not-for-profit organization located at 777 Tenth Avenue, in Hell's Kitchen, Manhattan, that provides legal representation, engages in tenant and community organizing, installs energy efficient systems through their Weatherization Program and offers technical training.	Housing Conservation Coordinators	Manhattan
located in the administrative territorial entity	Herborn station is a station in the town of Herborn in the German state of Hesse on the Dill Railway (built as part of the former Deutz--Gießen railway).	Herborn station	Hesse
located in the administrative territorial entity	Once de Septiembre is a town in Tres de Febrero Partido of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina.	Once de Septiembre	Tres de Febrero Partido
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pathuriaghata (Bengali: পাথুরিয়াঘাটা) is a neighbourhood in north Kolkata, earlier known as Calcutta, in the Indian state of West Bengal.	Pathuriaghata	Kolkata
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kant-Garage, also known in German as Kant-Garagen-Palast (Kant Parking Palace), is a multi-storey car park on Kantstrasse in the Charlottenburg area of Berlin that opened in 1930.	Kant-Garage	Berlin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Erbrée (Breton: Ervored) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.	Erbrée	Ille-et-Vilaine
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Age of Steam Roundhouse, Sugarcreek, Ohio, USA, is a private roundhouse housing steam and diesel locomotives, passenger cars and other railroad equipment.	Age of Steam Roundhouse	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Merchants Bank Building is a historic commercial building at 32 Westminster Street in downtown Providence, Rhode Island.	Merchants Bank Building	Providence
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kapice-Lipniki (kaˈpit͡sɛ lipˈniki) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	Kapice-Lipniki	Gmina Tykocin
located in the administrative territorial entity	WBEA (101.7 FM, ``101.7 The Beach'') is a Top 40 Mainstream radio station licensed to Southold, New York and serving the east end of Long Island plus southern Connecticut.	WBEA	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pyworthy is a village and civil parish in the far west of Devon, England.	Pyworthy	Devon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Skowieszynek (skɔvjɛˈʂɨnɛk) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Dolny, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Skowieszynek	Gmina Kazimierz Dolny
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kalvaryja (Belarusian: Кальварыя, (kʌlʲˈvarɨja)) is a Catholic Calvary cemetery in Minsk, Belarus.	Kalvaryja	Minsk
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shangguanyintang Township (Chinese: 上观音堂乡) is a township-level division of Pingshan County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.	Shangguanyintang Township	Pingshan County
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Monastery of the Precious Blood is a building in southeast Portland, Oregon, United States, listed on the National Register of Historic Places.	Monastery of the Precious Blood	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Madenşehri (literally ``city of mines'') is a village in the central district (Karaman) of Karaman Province, Turkey.	Madenşehri	Karaman
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sąpole (sɔmˈpɔlɛ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	Sąpole	Gmina Nowogard
located in the administrative territorial entity	Askham Bryan is a village and civil parish in the unitary authority of City of York in the north of England, 6 miles south-west of York, west of Bishopthorpe, and close to Askham Richard and Copmanthorpe.	Askham Bryan	England
located in the administrative territorial entity	Malone Springs is a watershed within the Fremont-Winema National Forest in Klamath County, Oregon, United States.	Malone Springs	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rogów Wieś (ˈrɔɡuf ˈvjɛɕ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogów, within Brzeziny County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.	Rogów Wieś	Gmina Rogów
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bagh-e Malek County (Persian: شهرستان باغ‌ملک‎) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran.	Bagh-e Malek County	Khuzestan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Robertson Drive, also known as the Bunbury Bypass, Bunbury Ring Road, or Bunbury Inner Ring Road, is a 4.9-kilometre-long (3.0 mi) road in Bunbury, Western Australia.	Robertson Drive	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	12th & Imperial Transit Center is a San Diego Trolley station in Downtown San Diego, California.	12th & Imperial Transit Center	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Apulia (/əˈpuːliə/ ə-POO-lee-ə; Italian: Puglia) is a region of Italy in Southern Italy bordering the Adriatic Sea in the east, the Ionian Sea to the southeast, and the Strait of Òtranto and Gulf of Taranto in the south.	Apulia	Italy
located in the administrative territorial entity	Howz-e Zireh (Persian: حوض زيره‎, also Romanized as Ḩowẕ-e Zīreh) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District, Dastgerdan District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	Howz-e Zireh	Kuh Yakhab Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Boone County Jail is a historic jail building at Central Ave. and Willow St. in Harrison, Arkansas.	Boone County Jail	Arkansas
located in the administrative territorial entity	Flass is set in a 15-acre estate in the Eden Valley, near the village of Maulds Meaburn.	Flass	Eden
located in the administrative territorial entity	Schoharie Bridge, also known as Fox Creek Bridge, is a wooden covered bridge over Fox Creek down the road from the Old Stone Fort in Schoharie County, New York.	Schoharie Bridge	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bearna (anglicized as Barna) is a Gaeltacht village west of Galway city in County Galway, Ireland, on the R336 regional road.	Barna	County Galway
located in the administrative territorial entity	Harlange (Luxembourgish: Harel, German: Harlingen) is a small town in the commune of Lac de la Haute-Sûre, in north-western Luxembourg.	Harlange	Lac de la Haute-Sûre
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nahr-e Abu Shanak (Persian: نهرابوشانك‎, also Romanized as Nahr-e Abū Shānak; also known as Abū Shānak) is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nahr-e Abu Shanak	Nasar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ostabat-Asme (Basque: Izura-Azme), Hostavalem in the Middle Ages, is a commune in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, formerly located in the region described for many centuries as Lower Navarre, in south-western France.	Ostabat-Asme	Pyrénées-Atlantiques
located in the administrative territorial entity	Beehive Casemate is a historical fortification located on the banks of Obelisk Bay, in Sydney Harbour, New South Wales, Australia.	Beehive Casemate	New South Wales
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Chavarri Palace is a Flemish style building in the city of Bilbao, the most outstanding around the Moyúa square.	Chavarri Palace	Bilbao
located in the administrative territorial entity	Prado Dam is an earth-fill dam across the Santa Ana River at the Chino Hills near Corona, California in Riverside County with the resulting impounded water creating Prado Flood Control Basin reservoir.	Prado Dam	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Furija (Persian: فوريجا‎, also Romanized as Fūrījā; also known as Pūrījā) is a village in Nowkand Kola Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Furija	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bondaran (Persian: بنداران‎, also Romanized as Bondārān and Bāndārān; also known as Bāndrān, Bonārdān, and Bundrām) is a village in Sirik Rural District, Byaban District, Minab County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Bondaran	Sirik Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Sebastian Municipal Airport (FAA LID: X26) is a public-use airport located 1 mile (1.6 km) west of the central business district of the city of Sebastian in Indian River County, Florida, United States.	Sebastian Municipal Airport	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abbasabad-e Arab (Persian: عباس ابادعرب‎, also Romanized as ``Abbāsābād-e ``Arab) is a village in Hokmabad Rural District, Atamalek District, Jowayin County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,725, in 421 families.	Abbasabad-e Arab	Razavi Khorasan Province
located in the administrative territorial entity	Craigends is a residential area in the parish of Houston and Killellan in Renfrewshire, Scotland, UK lying south of the River Gryffe and on the banks of the River Locher.	Craigends	Renfrewshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Qasrik-e Sofla (Persian: قصريك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Qaşrīk-e Soflá; also known as Qaşrīk) is a village in Shenetal Rural District, Kuhsar District, Salmas County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Qasrik-e Sofla	Shenetal Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	De Wilp (Frisian: De Wylp) is a village in the Netherlands south of the town of Marum.	De Wilp	Marum
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Rialto Towers (often The Rialto) is a skyscraper located at 525 Collins Street, in the western side of the central business district of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.	Rialto Towers	Victoria
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Lawton was a United States Army post located in the Magnolia neighborhood of Seattle, Washington overlooking Puget Sound.	Fort Lawton	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Slavne (Ukrainian: Славне; also Slavnoe; Russian: Славное), is a rural settlement in Shakhtarsk Raion in Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine.	Slavne	Shakhtarsk Raion
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Jaw (11,400 feet (3,500 m)) is a mountain located in the Teton Range, Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	The Jaw	Wyoming
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bousval (Walloon: Bouzvå) is a town in the Belgian municipality of Genappe, located in the province of Walloon Brabant.	Bousval	Genappe
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jeliz Jand (Persian: جليزجند‎, also Romanized as Jelīz Jand, Jalaz Jand, Jalezjand, and Jelezjand) is a village in Shahrabad Rural District, in the Central District of Firuzkuh County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Jeliz Jand	Shahrabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quanchus Range is a subrange of the Nechako Plateau in the Interior of British Columbia, Canada, located on the north end of Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area.	Quanchus Range	British Columbia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khojir Kola (Persian: خجيركلا‎, also Romanized as Khojīr Kolā; also known as Khūjīr Kolā) is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	Khojir Kola	Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Linnea Hall is a building located in northwest Portland, Oregon, in the United States.	Linnea Hall	Oregon
located in the administrative territorial entity	Albany International Airport (IATA: ALB, ICAO: KALB, FAA LID: ALB) is a public airport seven miles (11 km) northwest of Albany, in Albany County, New York, United States.	Albany International Airport	Albany County	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Żalno (ˈʐalnɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kęsowo, within Tuchola County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Żalno	Gmina Kęsowo
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Wrangellia Terrane is a geologic concept encompassing a large arc of terrain extending from the south-central part of the U.S. state of Alaska through southwestern Yukon and along the Coast of British Columbia in Canada.	Wrangellia Terrane	Alaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hütteldorf is a part of Vienna's 14th district, Penzing.	Hütteldorf	Vienna
located in the administrative territorial entity	Połażejewo (pɔwaʐɛˈjɛvɔ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Środa Wielkopolska, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	Połażejewo	Gmina Środa Wielkopolska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vachcheh (Persian: وچه‎; also known as Vachcheh-ye Soflá) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District, in the Central District of Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Vachcheh	Kuhestan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Pfeiffer-Wheeler American Chestnut Cabin is a historic log cabin located at the 188-acre (76 ha) Pfeiffer Nature Center, Portville in Cattaraugus County, New York.	Pfeiffer-Wheeler American Chestnut Cabin	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fonthill, Mercer Museum and Moravian Pottery and Tile Works is a National Historic Landmark District located at Doylestown, Bucks County, Pennsylvania.	Fonthill, Mercer Museum and Moravian Pottery and Tile Works	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	Grodzeń (ˈɡrɔd͡zɛɲ) (German: Grotzen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kikół, within Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	Grodzeń	Gmina Kikół
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilianów (kiˈljanuf) (German: Landau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.	Kilianów	Gmina Kąty Wrocławskie
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kaliłów (kaˈlʲiwuf) (Ukrainian: Калилів, Kalyliv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Podlaska, within Biała Podlaska County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Kaliłów	Gmina Biała Podlaska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Chah Gorbeh (Persian: چاه گربه‎, also Romanized as Chāh Gorbeh) is a village in Chupanan Rural District, Anarak District, Nain County, Isfahan Province, Iran.	Chah Gorbeh	Chupanan Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Ballylaneen (Irish: Baile Uí Fhlaithnín previously spelt as Baile Uí Laithín) is a small village in County Waterford, Ireland, approximately halfway between the villages of Kilmacthomas and Bunmahon on a hill by the River Mahon.	Ballylaneen	County Waterford
located in the administrative territorial entity	Dezej (Persian: دزج‎, also Romanized as Dezaj; also known as Dīzaj and Dīzeh) is a city in and capital of Chaharduli District, in Qorveh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	Dezej	Chaharduli District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Nesar-e Sipeh (Persian: نثارسيپه‎, also Romanized as Nes̱ār-e Sīpeh) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	Nesar-e Sipeh	Hati Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Holmes Reservation is a conservation parcel located in Plymouth, Massachusetts.	Holmes Reservation	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Congress Street Fire Station, now known as the Boston Fire Museum, is an historic fire station at 344 Congress Street in Boston, Massachusetts.	Congress Street Fire Station	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kennard-Dale High School is a mid-sized, rural, public high school located at 393 Main Street, Fawn Grove, Pennsylvania in York County.	Kennard-Dale High School	Pennsylvania
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Vassar College Observatory is an astronomical observatory of the private Vassar College, located near the eastern edge of the Poughkeepsie, New York college's campus.	Vassar College Observatory	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Innere Wetterspitze is a mountain, 3,053 metres high, in the Stubai Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.	Innere Wetterspitze	Tyrol
located in the administrative territorial entity	Opolno-Zdrój (ɔˈpɔlnɔ ˈzdrui̯) (German: Bad Oppelsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bogatynia, within Zgorzelec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech and German borders.	Opolno-Zdrój	Gmina Bogatynia
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Shaler Mountains are a mountain range situated at the Northwest Territories-Nunavut border on north-central Victoria Island, Canada.	Shaler Mountains	Nunavut
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Charles H. Burke House, at 36 Stewart St. in Reno, Nevada, is a historic house with Colonial Revival and Queen Anne elements that was designed and built by Charles H. Burke in 1908.	Charles H. Burke House	Nevada
located in the administrative territorial entity	KBLZ (``The Blaze 102.7/106.9'') is a Rhythmic Contemporary radio station serving East Texas.	KBLZ	Texas
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Alice Abel Arboretum is a 25 acres (10 hectares) arboretum located at 5000 St. Paul Street on the campus of Nebraska Wesleyan University in Lincoln, Nebraska.	Alice Abel Arboretum	Nebraska
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shuangliu District (simplified Chinese: 双流区; traditional Chinese: 雙流區; pinyin: Shuāngliú Qū; literally: ``double flow'') is under the administration of Chengdu, the capital of Sichuan province, China.	Shuangliu District	Chengdu
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fitjar (Norwegian pronunciation: (fitːjar)) is a municipality in Hordaland county, Norway.	Fitjar	Hordaland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Musiraz (Persian: موسيرز‎, also Romanized as Mūsīraz; also known as Mūsīr) is a village in Zibad Rural District, Kakhk District, Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Musiraz	Zibad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Yacolt Burn is the collective name for dozens of fires in Washington state and Oregon occurring between September 8 and September 12, 1902, causing 38 deaths in the Lewis River area, at least nine deaths by fire in Wind River and 18 deaths in the Columbia River Gorge.	Yacolt Burn	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kilconway (from Irish: Coill Uí Chonmhaí) is a barony in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.	Kilconway	County Antrim
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Route nationale 30 is a highway in Picardy and Nord-Pas-de-Calais, northern France.	Route nationale 30	Nord	Pas-de-Calais
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wola Lipecka (ˈvɔla liˈpɛt͡ska) (German: Lindmannsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orneta, within Lidzbark County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	Wola Lipecka	Gmina Orneta
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mirabad-e Chah-e Malek (Persian: ميرابادچاه ملك‎, also Romanized as Mīrābād-e Chāh-e Malek; also known as Mīrābād) is a village in Rigan Rural District, in the Central District of Rigan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Mirabad-e Chah-e Malek	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Clark County Fair is an annual ten day event held at the Clark County Event Center at the Fairgrounds in Ridgefield, Washington.	Clark County Fair	Washington
located in the administrative territorial entity	Monroe City Regional Airport (FAA LID: K52) is a public use airport located one nautical mile (1.85 km) south of the central business district of Monroe City, in Monroe County, Missouri, United States.	Monroe City Regional Airport	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Khaneh Hay Khodadad (Persian: خانه هاي خداداد‎, also Romanized as Khāneh Hāy Khodādād) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran.	Khaneh Hay Khodadad	Jahanabad Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Fort Maitland was a military fort built by the United States Army at what is now Maitland, Florida.	Fort Maitland	Florida
located in the administrative territorial entity	The 2008 Chino Hills earthquake occurred at 11:42:15 a.m. PDT on July 29 in Southern California.	2008 Chino Hills earthquake	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gunnersbury is a place in the London Borough of Hounslow, with its northern edge in the London Borough of Ealing, west London.	Gunnersbury	London Borough of Hounslow
located in the administrative territorial entity	Gowd-e Aqal (Persian: گودعاقل‎, also Romanized as Gowd-e ʿĀqal) is a village in Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Sabzevar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran.	Gowd-e Aqal	Qasabeh-ye Gharbi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Little Stanney is a suburban village and civil parish in Cheshire, England located on the Wirral Peninsula.	Little Stanney	Cheshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wilgie Mia is an ochre mine in the Weld Range of Western Australia.	Wilgie Mia	Western Australia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hasham-e Howdow (Persian: حشم حودو‎, also Romanized as Ḩasham-e Ḩowdow) is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran.	Hasham-e Howdow	Howmeh Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Middle Palisade is a peak in the Palisades group, part of the central Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California.	Middle Palisade	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Rud Khuni (Persian: رودخوني‎, also Romanized as Rūd Khūnī and Rūd-e Khūnī) is a village in Saghder Rural District, Jebalbarez District, Jiroft County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Rud Khuni	Jebalbarez District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Seyyed Javad (Persian: سيدجواد‎, also Romanized as Seyyed Javād) is a village in Tang Chenar Rural District, in the Central District of Mehriz County, Yazd Province, Iran.	Seyyed Javad	Tang Chenar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Sonoita AVA is an American Viticultural Area located in southeast Arizona, south of the city of Tucson.	Sonoita AVA	Arizona
located in the administrative territorial entity	Raa Middle School (also known as Augusta Raa Middle School) is a public, coeducational middle school built in 1959 in Tallahassee, Florida.	Raa Middle School	Tallahassee
located in the administrative territorial entity	New Market Gap is a wind gap in the Massanutten Mountain in Virginia.	New Market Gap	Virginia
located in the administrative territorial entity	KMVC (91.7 FM, ``The V'') is an American non-commercial educational radio station licensed to serve the community of Marshall, Missouri.	KMVC	Missouri
located in the administrative territorial entity	Kakalar (Persian: كاكالر‎, also Romanized as Kākālar; also known as Kāklar) is a village in Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran.	Kakalar	Nazluy-ye Jonubi Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Winfield Township School District is a community public school district that serves students in Pre-Kindergarten to eighth grade from Winfield Township in Union County, New Jersey, United States.	Winfield Township School District	New Jersey
located in the administrative territorial entity	The University of Tennessee (also referred to as the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, UT Knoxville, UTK, or UT) is a public sun-grant and land-grant university headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee, United States.	University of Tennessee	Knoxville
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Village Radio (EVR) is an Internet radio station which broadcasts from a storefront studio in the East Village of Manhattan, in New York City.	East Village Radio	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	Hoseynabad-e Sargel (Persian: حسين ابادسرگل‎, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sargel; also known as Ḩoseynābād-e Sohrābī) is a village in Golashkerd Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran.	Hoseynabad-e Sargel	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Florence Falls (Aboriginal: Karrimurra) is a segmented waterfall on the Florence Creek located within the Litchfield National Park in the Northern Territory of Australia.	Florence Falls	Northern Territory
located in the administrative territorial entity	Vithura is a small village situated 36 km from Thiruvananthapuram, capital of the Kerala state in India.	Vithura	Kerala
located in the administrative territorial entity	Smethcott (sometimes Smethcote) is a civil parish and dispersed hamlet near the village of Picklescott, in Shropshire, England.	Smethcott	Shropshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Llamoso (Ḷḷamousu, in asturian language) is one of 15 parishes (administrative divisions) in Belmonte de Miranda, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.	Llamoso	Asturias
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bardeh Gar-e Mohuk (Persian: بردگرمهوك‎, also Romanized as Bardeh Gar-e Mohūḵ) is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	Bardeh Gar-e Mohuk	Keshvar Rural District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Central Islip Senior High School is a high school in Central Islip, New York, United States, serving students in grades 9-12.	Central Islip Senior High School	New York
located in the administrative territorial entity	The MGH Institute of Health Professions (or simply The MGH Institute) is a graduate university of health sciences founded by Massachusetts General Hospital and located in the Charlestown Navy Yard in Boston, Massachusetts.	MGH Institute of Health Professions	Massachusetts
located in the administrative territorial entity	Aguilar de Campoo is a town in the province of Palencia, autonomous community of Castile and León, Spain.	Aguilar de Campoo	province of Palencia
located in the administrative territorial entity	Great and Little Hampden is a civil parish in Buckinghamshire, England, about three miles south-east of Princes Risborough.	Great and Little Hampden	Buckinghamshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	Mount Tehama (also called Brokeoff Volcano or Brokeoff Mountain) is an eroded andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range in Northern California.	Mount Tehama	California
located in the administrative territorial entity	Abercorn (Gaelic: Obar Chùirnidh, Old English: Æburcurnig) is a village and parish in West Lothian, Scotland.	Abercorn	Scotland
located in the administrative territorial entity	Bliszczyce (bliʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ) (German: Bleischwitz, Czech: Bližčice or Blížčice) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Branice, within Głubczyce County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland, close to the Czech border.	Bliszczyce	Gmina Branice
located in the administrative territorial entity	Jalal Deh (Persian: جلالده‎, also Romanized as Jalāl Deh) is a village in Dolfak Rural District, Khorgam District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran.	Jalal Deh	Khorgam District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Haft Juy Rural District (Persian: دهستان هفت جوئ‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Qods County, Tehran Province, Iran.	Haft Juy Rural District	Central District
located in the administrative territorial entity	Shaker Heights High School is a public high school located in Shaker Heights, Ohio, United States, in Greater Cleveland region.	Shaker Heights High School	Ohio
located in the administrative territorial entity	Długoszyn-Kolonia (dwuˈɡɔʂɨn kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin, within Sulęcin County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	Długoszyn-Kolonia	Gmina Sulęcin
located in the administrative territorial entity	Leightonstone was a hundred of Huntingdonshire mentioned in the Domesday Book.	Leightonstone	Huntingdonshire
located in the administrative territorial entity	The Quayside is an area along the banks (quay) of the River Tyne in Newcastle upon Tyne (the north bank) and Gateshead (south bank) in the North East of England, United Kingdom.	Quayside	Newcastle upon Tyne
located in the administrative territorial entity	Wólka Rokicka-Kolonia (ˈvulka rɔˈkit͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubartów, within Lubartów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	Wólka Rokicka-Kolonia	Gmina Lubartów
located in the administrative territorial entity	East Lyme High School is a high school located in the Flanders Village region of East Lyme, Connecticut.	East Lyme High School	Connecticut
member of political party	On 2 June 2014, he formed a new political party called Stranka Mira Cerarja/Stranka modernega centra (Party of Miro Cerar/Party of Modern Center).	Miro Cerar	Stranka Mira Cerarja
member of sports team	Saâd Sahraoui (born 1 July 1985 in Sidi Aïssa) is an Algerian professional football player who currently plays as a forward for Algerian Ligue 1 club CR Belouizdad.	Saâd Sahraoui	CR Belouizdad
member of sports team	Ensar Arifović (born July 21, 1980 in Sarajevo) is a Bosnian footballer striker who last played for Flota Świnoujście.	Ensar Arifović	Flota Świnoujście
member of sports team	Pedro António Coelho Moreira (born 23 October 1983 in Penafiel) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Beira-Mar as a right back.	Pedro António Coelho Moreira	S.C. Beira-Mar
member of sports team	Nicolas Raffault (born 24 September 1979) is a French rugby union footballer, currently playing for Lyon OU in the Top 14.	Nicolas Raffault	Lyon OU
member of sports team	Marcus Joseph (born April 29, 1991 in Point Fortin, Trinidad and Tobago) is a football player playing professionally for Point Fortin Civic F.C..	Marcus Joseph	Point Fortin Civic F.C.
member of sports team	José Pierre Vunguidica (born 3 January 1990 in Luanda) is an Angolan footballer who plays in Germany for SV Sandhausen.	José Pierre Vunguidica	SV Sandhausen
member of sports team	Senad Sallaku (born 10 August 1995 in Tirana) is an Albanian footballer who currently plays as an centre-midfield for KF Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Senad Sallaku	KF Tirana
member of sports team	Trent Clayton (born 24 May 1981 in North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia) is an Australian former rugby league player for Toulouse Olympique in the Elite One Championship.	Trent Clayton	Toulouse Olympique
member of sports team	Valentin Courrent (born August 16, 1982 in Bondy) is a French rugby union player for FC Grenoble in the Top 14 competition.	Valentin Courrent	FC Grenoble
member of sports team	Mersiha Aščerić is a Bosnian football defender currently playing in the Bosnian Championship for SFK 2000 Sarajevo, with which she has also played the Champions League.	Mersiha Aščerić	SFK 2000
member of sports team	Ernie Pitts (March 8, 1935 -- September 24, 1970) was a Canadian Football League wide receiver and defensive back for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and the BC Lions in a 14-year career in the CFL from 1957 to 1970.	Ernie Pitts	Winnipeg Blue Bombers	BC Lions
member of sports team	Jörg Sievers (born 22 September 1965 in Römstedt, Germany) is a goalkeeper of the German football club Hannover 96 II.	Jörg Sievers	Hannover 96
member of sports team	Mohamed Mouloud Harim (born November 8, 1985 in Tizi Ouzou) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a midfielder for MC Saïda in the Algerian Championnat National.	Mohamed Mouloud Harim	MC Saïda
member of sports team	Amrinder Singh (born 27 May 1993) is an Indian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bengaluru FC in the I-League on loan from Pune.	Amrinder Singh	Bengaluru FC
member of sports team	Maxime Monfort (born 14 January 1983 in Bastogne, Belgium) is a professional road racing cyclist, who currently rides for UCI ProTour team Lotto-- Soudal.	Maxime Monfort	Lotto-- Soudal
member of sports team	Richard Moon (born 6 September 1979) is an Australian ice hockey player who played for the Canberra Knights of the Australian Ice Hockey League from 2001 to 2011 and is a former member of the Australian national ice hockey team.	Richard Moon	Canberra Knights
member of sports team	Artem Baranovskyi (Ukrainian: Артем Миколайович Барановський; born 17 March 1990 in Krasnohorivka, in Donetsk Oblast, in the Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Artem Baranovskyi	FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
member of sports team	György Véber (born 25 July 1969 in Szeged, Hungary) is a retired Hungarian footballer, who has spent most of his career playing for Újpest FC.	György Véber	Újpest FC
member of sports team	Rico McCoy was signed by the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in June 2010, spending the season on the roster as back-up Middle Linebacker to incumbent starter Joe Lobendahn.	Rico McCoy	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Rusty Jackson was a professional American football player who played punter for four seasons for the Los Angeles Rams and Buffalo Bills.	Rusty Jackson	Los Angeles Rams	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Manolis Psomas (Greek: Μανώλης Ψωμάς; born 11 November 1978) is a football (soccer) player who plays for Cretan club based in Rethymno, Episkopi F.C. Psomas began his career with Panelefsiniakos F.C. and made 15 Alpha Ethniki appearances for the club.	Manolis Psomas	Episkopi F.C.
member of sports team	Hayrullah Mert Akyüz (born 2 October 1993), is a Turkish professional football player, as of 2015, who is a part of Adanaspor squad competing at TFF First League.	Mert Akyüz	Adanaspor
member of sports team	Nordine Assami (born 24 July 1987 in Marseille) is a French-Algerian professional football player, who is currently playing for GS Consolat.	Nordine Assami	GS Consolat
member of sports team	Müslüm Aydoğan (born 12 April 1989, Konak, İzmir) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a centre-back for Kastamonuspor.	Müslüm Aydoğan	Kastamonuspor
member of sports team	Anatoliy Didenko (Ukrainian: Анатолій Олександрович Діденко; born 9 June 1982 in Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian footballer who currently plays for the Ukrainian Premier League club FC Chornomorets Odesa.	Anatoliy Didenko	FC Chornomorets Odesa
member of sports team	Erdinç Yavuz (born 4 October 1978 in Kayseri) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a central defender for Konyaspor in the Süper Lig.	Erdinç Yavuz	Konyaspor
member of sports team	Bert Askson (born December 16, 1945) was a tight end and defensive end in the National Football League who played for the Pittsburgh Steelers, New Orleans Saints, and the Green Bay Packers.	Bert Askson	Pittsburgh Steelers	Green Bay Packers
member of sports team	Igor Diogo Moreira Araújo (born 4 February 1987 in Felgueiras) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Covilhã as a goalkeeper.	Igor Diogo Moreira Araújo	S.C. Covilhã
member of sports team	Menno Willems (born 10 March 1977 in Amsterdam) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played as a defender between 1996 and 2006 notably for Vitesse Arnhem, Ajax and Grimsby Town.	Menno Willems	Vitesse
member of sports team	Enrique Jara Saguier spent most of his career playing for Cerro Porteño, team in which he made his debut in 1950.	Enrique Jara Saguier	Cerro Porteño
member of sports team	Robert Hirsz (born September 17, 1989 in Gdańsk) - polish footballer who began his career playing as a striker for Wigry Suwałki.	Robert Hirsz	Wigry Suwałki
member of sports team	Paul Masotti (born March 10, 1965) is a former professional Canadian football player and current front office executive with the Canadian Football League Toronto Argonauts.	Paul Masotti	Toronto Argonauts
member of sports team	Jorge Alberto Rojas Méndez (born January 10, 1977 in Mérida) is a Venezuelan footballer who currently plays for local side Deportivo Táchira.	Jorge Alberto Rojas	Deportivo Táchira
member of sports team	Dmitri Vasilyevich Golubev (Russian: Дмитрий Васильевич Голубев; born 24 September 1971 in Vyksa) is a Russian football manager and a former player who last managed FC Metallurg Vyksa.	Dmitri Vasilyevich Golubev	FC Metallurg Vyksa
member of sports team	Pantelis Antoniadis (Greek: Παντελής Αντωνιάδης; born 23 March 1994, Thessaloniki, Greece), is a Greek midfielder currently playing in the Football League 2 for Kampaniakos F.C..	Pantelis Antoniadis	Kampaniakos F.C.
member of sports team	Stanley Bernard Stephen Samuel (born 10 March 1986) is a retired Malaysian footballer who last played for Kuala Lumpur FA and has represented the Malaysian national team, including two games against Manchester United.	Stanley Bernard Stephen Samuel	Kuala Lumpur FA
member of sports team	Markus Korhonen (born 29 April 1975 in Tampere, Finland) is a Finnish ice hockey goaltender currently playing for Ilves.	Markus Korhonen	Ilves
member of sports team	Nika Kiladze (29 November 1988 -- 7 October 2014) was a Georgian football player who last played for FC Guria Lanchkhuti.	Nika Kiladze	FC Guria Lanchkhuti
member of sports team	Ferric Collons (born December 4, 1969 in Scott Air Force Base, Illinois) is a National Football League player who played defensive end for the New England Patriots.	Ferric Collons	New England Patriots
member of sports team	Jacques Burger (born 29 July 1983 in Windhoek, South-West Africa) is a Namibian rugby union loose forward who plays for Saracens in the Aviva Premiership.	Jacques Burger	Saracens
member of sports team	Adam Radecki (born 18 March 1994, in Białystok) is a Polish footballer who plays for Jagiellonia Białystok (ME), as a defender.	Adam Radecki	Jagiellonia Białystok
member of sports team	Oleh Zhenyukh (Ukrainian: Олег Васильович Женюх; born 22 March 1987, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Oleh Zhenyukh	FC Volyn Lutsk
member of sports team	Cian Maciejewski (born 14 June 1988) is an Australian football (soccer) player of Polish descent, who currently plays for Canberra United FC in the Australian W-League.	Cian Maciejewski	Canberra United FC
member of sports team	Danko Kovačević (Serbian Cyrillic: Данко Ковачевић, born 10 July 1991) is a Montenegrin football striker playing for FK Bežanija in the Serbian First League.	Danko Kovačević	FK Bežanija
member of sports team	Donnell Woolford (born January 6, 1966) is a former professional American football cornerback who was selected by the Chicago Bears in the 1st round (11th overall) of the 1989 NFL Draft.	Donnell Woolford	Chicago Bears
member of sports team	Hans Verèl (born April 21, 1953 in Rotterdam, Zuid-Holland) is a former football defender and midfielder from the Netherlands, who played for Sparta Rotterdam, SVV and FC Den Bosch.	Hans Verèl	Sparta Rotterdam	FC Den Bosch
member of sports team	Tovohery Rabenandrasana (born 12 November 1987) is a Malagasy footballer currently plays for Academie Ny Antsika, he played formerly on loan for AA Antsirabe.	Tovohery Rabenandrasana	Academie Ny Antsika
member of sports team	Davin Bush (born October 5, 1977 in Miami, Florida) is a defensive halfback who most recently played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League in the 2007 CFL season.	Davin Bush	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Joel Gerezgiher (born 9 October 1995) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for FSV Frankfurt, on loan from Eintracht Frankfurt.	Joel Gerezgiher	Eintracht Frankfurt
member of sports team	Adriano do Nacimento Felício Guedes or simply Adriano Felício (born February 22, 1980 in Paraíba do Sul), is a Brazilian attacking midfielder who currently plays for Campinense Clube.	Adriano Felício	Campinense Clube
member of sports team	Honourable Henry Arnold Lawrence (17 March 1848 - 18 April 1902) was a rugby union forward who played club rugby for Richmond F.C. and international rugby for England.	Henry Arnold Lawrence	Richmond F.C.
member of sports team	Fernando Luis Gomes Guilherme (born January 6, 1988 in Fortaleza), is a Brazilian footballer, who currently plays for Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube.	Fernando Luis Gomes Guilherme	Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube
member of sports team	Crawford Matthews (born 23 November 1991) is Scottish rugby league player who has previously played for Gateshead Thunder.	Crawford Matthews	Gateshead Thunder
member of sports team	Vladimir Ranković (born 27 June 1993) is a German professional footballer who plays as a right full-back for Hannover 96.	Vladimir Ranković	Hannover 96
member of sports team	Tibor Tokody (born 1 September 1980 in Budapest, Hungary) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Győri ETO FC.	Tibor Tokody	Győri ETO FC
member of sports team	Johane Nizeyimana (born 10 May 1993), is a Burundian professional footballer who plays as a forward for FC Chibuto.	Johane Nizeyimana	FC Chibuto
member of sports team	Ross Bowers (born 30 July 1985 in Luton) is a British ice hockey forward currently playing for the Milton Keynes Lightning of the EPL.	Ross Bowers	Milton Keynes Lightning
member of sports team	Ede Višinka (Serbian Cyrillic: Eдe Bишинкa, born May 19, 1972) is a retired Serbian professional football player of Hungarian origin, last playing with FK Mladost Apatin in the Serbian First League.	Ede Višinka	FK Mladost Apatin
member of sports team	Navin Neil Vanu (born Navin Nigel Vanu, 11 August 1989) is a Singaporean footballer who last played as a striker for Woodlands Wellington FC.	Nigel Vanu	Woodlands Wellington FC
member of sports team	After attending Iowa Wesleyan College, Roxie Lawson played nine Major League seasons as a right-handed pitcher with the Cleveland Indians (1930--1931), Detroit Tigers (1933, 1935--1939), and St. Louis Browns (1939--1940).	Roxie Lawson	Cleveland Indians	Detroit Tigers
member of sports team	Nicky Saxton (born 2 October 1984 in Castleford, West Yorkshire, England) is an English rugby league player who used to plays for Bradford Bulls.	Nicky Saxton	Bradford Bulls
member of sports team	Erik Lindhagen (born October 2, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for Södertälje SK of the HockeyAllsvenskan.	Erik Lindhagen	Södertälje SK
member of sports team	Robert Flower (5 August 1955 -- 2 October 2014) was an Australian rules footballer with Melbourne Football Club.	Robert Flower	Melbourne Football Club
member of sports team	Bruno Miguel Areias de Sousa (born 19 November 1980 in Póvoa de Varzim), known as Tito, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for F.C. Tirsense as a defensive midfielder.	Bruno Miguel Areias de Sousa	F.C. Tirsense
member of sports team	Giorgos Zindros (Greek: Γιώργος Ζήνδρος; born in 1955), a Greek football player, was a star winger for Aris Thessaloniki F.C. during the goldel period of the late '70.	Giorgos Zindros	Aris Thessaloniki F.C.
member of sports team	Marijo Marić (born 12 January 1977 in Heilbronn, West Germany) is a Croatian footballer who plays for Union Böckingen in the German Bezirksliga Baden-Württemberg.	Marijo Marić	Union Böckingen
member of sports team	Marc García Renom (born 21 March 1988), commonly known as Chiqui, is an Andorran footballer who plays for Spanish club UE Rubí as a left back.	Marc García	UE Rubí
member of sports team	Gonçalo Miguel Reyes Dias (born 30 January 1993) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Casa Pia on loan from Vitória F.C., as a midfielder.	Gonçalo Miguel Reyes Dias	Vitória F.C.
member of sports team	John Greig MBE (born 11 September 1942 in Edinburgh) is a Scottish former professional football player who spent his entire career with Rangers as a player, manager and director.	John Greig	Rangers
member of sports team	Mikel Pagola Biurrun (born 4 March 1982 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Tudelano as a goalkeeper.	Mikel Pagola	CD Tudelano
member of sports team	Cristiano Pereira Figueiredo (born 29 November 1990), known simply as Cristiano, is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Greek club Panetolikos F.C. as a goalkeeper.	Cristiano Pereira Figueiredo	Panetolikos F.C.
member of sports team	Abraham Minero Fernández (born 22 February 1986), known simply as Abraham, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a left back.	Abraham Minero	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Maico Gerritsen (born 21 March 1986 in Venlo) is a Dutch footballer who played for VVV-Venlo in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Maico Gerritsen	VVV-Venlo
member of sports team	Pelle Clement (born 19 May 1996) is a Dutch professional football player who plays for Jong Ajax as a striker.	Pelle Clement	Jong Ajax
member of sports team	Fernando Cedrola de Souza (born December 27, 1986) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Club Aurora who signed him as a free transfer in 2011.	Fernando Cedrola	Club Aurora
member of sports team	André Binette (December 2, 1933 -- August 16, 2004) was a professional ice hockey goaltender who played one game with the Montreal Canadiens in 1954--55, giving up four goals, but winning the game.	André Binette	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Shaquille Adams (born 16 March 1992 in Saint Kitts and Nevis) is a Kittian international footballer playing as a midfielder for Garden Hotspurs FC.	Shaquille Adams	Garden Hotspurs FC
member of sports team	David Parada Calvillo (born 8 March 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Austrian club SKN St. Pölten as a defensive midfielder.	David Parada	SKN St. Pölten
member of sports team	Eilish McSorley (born 24 April 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a defender for Mallbackens IF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Scotland women's national team.	Eilish McSorley	Mallbackens IF
member of sports team	He started his playing career in FK Sloga Jugomagnat, but after the relegation of Sloga Jugomagnat, Muharem Bajrami joined the new team in the first Macedonian league FK Vëllazërimi along with his teammate Minas Osmani who was in FK Vëllazërimi on loan from FK Vardar.	Muharem Bajrami	FK Sloga Jugomagnat
member of sports team	Theo Janssen (born 27 July 1981) is a Dutch former footballer who played as a midfielder for various clubs in the Netherlands, including Vitesse, Twente and Ajax, as well as on loan for Belgian club Genk.	Theo Janssen	Vitesse
member of sports team	Ahmadulhaq Che Omar is a Singaporean goalkeeper who plays for Hougang United FC.	Ahmadulhaq Che Omar	Hougang United FC
member of sports team	Ricardo Jorge Novo Nunes (born 6 July 1982), known simply as Ricardo, is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Vitória F.C. on loan from FC Porto as a goalkeeper.	Ricardo Jorge Novo Nunes	Vitória F.C.
member of sports team	Serdaraly Ataýew (born December 14, 1984) is a professional Turkmen football player who played in FC Balkan.	Serdaraly Ataýew	FC Balkan
member of sports team	Zsanett Jakabfi (born 18 February 1990 in Lengyeltóti) is a Hungarian footballer, currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in Germany's Frauen Bundesliga.	Zsanett Jakabfi	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Valéry Arthur Kocou (born 21 December 1983) is an Ivorian football midfielder who plays for Stade Tunisien.	Arthur Kocou	Stade Tunisien
member of sports team	Born in Praia, Vinha arrived in Portugal and nearly 22, starting with lowly Atlético Clube de Portugal.	Vinha	Atlético Clube de Portugal
member of sports team	Dennis Packard (born February 9, 1982 in St. Catharines, Ontario) is an American professional ice hockey player, who last played for the HC Bílí Tygři Liberec of the Czech Extraliga.	Dennis Packard	HC Bílí Tygři Liberec
member of sports team	Sici Shelembe is a South African footballer who plays as a Midfielder in the National First Division for Vasco da Gama, on loan from Ajax Cape Town.	Sici Shelembe	Vasco da Gama
member of sports team	Francisco Javier Torres Zamores (born 12 May 1983 in León, Guanajuato) is a Mexican footballer, who currently plays for Puebla F.C. of Liga MX on loan from Santos Laguna.	Francisco Javier Torres	Puebla F.C.
member of sports team	Will Slade (born 24 October 1983) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Will Slade	Geelong Football Club
member of sports team	Nenad Bjelica (born 20 August 1971 in Osijek) is a former Croatian football player and currently coach who played as midfielder for Albacete Balompié, Real Betis and Kaiserslautern.	Nenad Bjelica	Albacete Balompié
member of sports team	Mattar M'Boge (born 21 June 1980) is a football coach and former player who is the current head coach of the Gambia national under-17 football team.	Mattar M'Boge	Gambia national under-17 football team
member of sports team	Joseph Denis Patrick Labrecque (born March 6, 1971 in LaSalle, Quebec) is a retired Canadian goaltender who played two games (0--1, 4.29 GAA) for the Montreal Canadiens in the 1995--96 NHL season, as well as for many other teams across North America and Europe.	Patrick Labrecque	Montreal Canadiens
member of sports team	Audrey Demoustier (born 17 March 1985) is a Belgian football midfielder, currently playing for Standard Liège of the BeNe League.	Audrey Demoustier	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Jerry Lunz was a player in the National Football League for the Chicago Cardinals and Frankford Yellow Jackets in 1925, 1926, and 1930.	Jerry Lunz	Chicago Cardinals
member of sports team	Hugo Fraile Martínez (born 16 March 1987) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Elche CF as a right winger.	Hugo Fraile	Elche CF
member of sports team	Andreas Photiou (Greek: Ανδρέας Φωτίου; born 11 December 1988 in Larnaca, Cyprus) is a goalkeeper who currently plays for Digenis Oroklinis .	Andreas Photiou	Digenis Oroklinis
member of sports team	Adrian Błąd (born 16 April 1991 in Lubin) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Zagłębie Lubin.	Adrian Błąd	Zagłębie Lubin
member of sports team	Nicole Begg (née Sykes; born 15 December 1991 in Sydney, New South Wales) is an Australian football (soccer) defender, who currently plays for Canberra United FC in the Australian W-League.	Nicole Begg	Canberra United FC
member of sports team	Genki Omae (大前 元紀 Ōmae Genki, born 10 December 1989 in Yokohama) is a Japanese footballer currently playing for Shimizu S-Pulse.	Genki Omae	Shimizu S-Pulse
member of sports team	Djimalde Dossengar (born 31 December 1984) is a Chadian football midfielder and the member of Chad national football team.	Djimalde Dossengar	Chad national football team
member of sports team	Mika Viinanen (born July 21, 1979) is a Finnish professional ice hockey centre who currently plays for Timrå IK of the Elitserien.	Mika Viinanen	Timrå IK
member of sports team	Jason McCourty (born August 13, 1987) is an American football cornerback for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League (NFL).	Jason McCourty	Tennessee Titans
member of sports team	Rafael Ynoa (born August 7, 1987) is a Dominican professional baseball third baseman and left fielder for the Colorado Rockies of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Rafael Ynoa	Colorado Rockies
member of sports team	Jozef Novota (born 24 January 1986) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for Fortuna Liga club FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce, on loan from OFK Sľažany.	Jozef Novota	FC ViOn Zlaté Moravce
member of sports team	Tahar Chaïbi (17 February 1946 -- 29 April 2014) was a Tunisian footballer who played as a midfielder for Club Africain and the national team.	Tahar Chaïbi	Club Africain
member of sports team	Tero Penttilä (born 9 March 1975 in Suomussalmi, Finland) is a former professional football player who played for Rangers in defence.	Tero Penttilä	Rangers
member of sports team	Tuğrul Erat (born 17 June 1992) is an Azerbaijani footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fortuna Düsseldorf.	Tuğrul Erat	Fortuna Düsseldorf
member of sports team	Jonathon Ceglar (born 14 February 1991) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League (AFL).	Jonathon Ceglar	Hawthorn Football Club
member of sports team	James Murray Brumwell (born March 31, 1960 in Calgary, Alberta) is a Canadian retired ice hockey defenceman who played parts of 7 different seasons in the National Hockey League, with the New Jersey Devils and the Minnesota North Stars.	Murray Brumwell	New Jersey Devils	Minnesota North Stars
member of sports team	Kerry Kittles (born June 12, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player who last played with the Los Angeles Clippers in the National Basketball Association in 2004-05.	Kerry Kittles	Los Angeles Clippers
member of sports team	Winford Hood was a professional American football player who played offensive lineman for five seasons for the Denver Broncos.	Winford Hood	Denver Broncos
member of sports team	Thomas Schrammel (born 5 September 1987) is an Austrian international football player currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side SK Rapid Wien.	Thomas Schrammel	SK Rapid Wien
member of sports team	Davide Longo is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at club level for Bradford Bulls, Swinton Lions, Keighley Cougars, Batley Bulldogs, and Dewsbury Rams, as a Fullback, Centre, or Stand-off/Five-eighth.	Davide Longo	Bradford Bulls	Keighley Cougars	Batley Bulldogs
member of sports team	William James McBride, MBE, better known as Willie John McBride (born 6 June 1940) is a former rugby union footballer who played as a lock for Ireland and the British and Irish Lions.	Willie John McBride	British and Irish Lions
member of sports team	Veli Acar (born 30 August 1981) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a wingback for Denizlispor.	Veli Acar	Denizlispor
member of sports team	Chak Ting Fung (Chinese: 翟廷峯; pinyin: Zhái Tíngfēng; Jyutping: zaak6 ting4 fung1, born 27 November 1989 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional football player playing for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA.	Chak Ting Fung	South China AA
member of sports team	Bojan Letić (born 21 December 1992) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for Fortuna Liga club MŠK Žilina as a left back.	Bojan Letić	MŠK Žilina
member of sports team	Robert Bruce Cowick (born August 18, 1951 in Victoria, British Columbia) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played parts of three seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) with the Philadelphia Flyers, Washington Capitals and St. Louis Blues.	Bruce Cowick	Philadelphia Flyers	Washington Capitals	St. Louis Blues
member of sports team	Gabriel Omar Carabalí Quiñonez (born 12 June 1997) is an Ecuadorian footballer that currently plays at Chilean Primera División club Colo-Colo B as Goalkeeper.	Omar Carabalí	Colo-Colo B
member of sports team	Flávio Emídio dos Santos Vieira (born December 17, 1970 in Maceió) is a Brazilian goalkeeper who plays for Centro Sportivo Alagoano.	Flávio Emídio dos Santos Vieira	Centro Sportivo Alagoano
member of sports team	Quinton Brian Heruela (born April 13, 1989) is a Filipino-American basketball player who currently plays for the San Miguel Beermen of the Philippine Basketball Association.	Brian Heruela	San Miguel Beermen
member of sports team	Born in Luanda, Cavungi is a youth product from S.L. Benfica.	Cavungi	S.L. Benfica
member of sports team	Sean Bateau (born 27 September 1986 in Port of Spain, Trinidad and Tobago) is a Trinidadian international footballer who currently plays for Global F.C. in the United Football League.	Sean Bateau	Global F.C.
member of sports team	Muhammad Fauzan Jamal (born on June 6, 1988 in Padang) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persebaya Surabaya.	Muhammad Fauzan Jamal	Persebaya Surabaya
member of sports team	Panagiotis Xoblios (Greek: Παναγιώτης Ξόμπλιος; born 27 February 1996 in Skydra), is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece, as a Forward.	Panagiotis Xoblios	Veria F.C.
member of sports team	Óscar Eduardo Villarreal (Spanish pronunciation: (ˈoskar βiʎareˈal); born November 22, 1981) is a Mexican professional baseball pitcher who has played in Major League Baseball with the Arizona Diamondbacks (2003-2005), Atlanta Braves (2006-2007), and Houston Astros (2008).	Óscar Eduardo Villarreal	Arizona Diamondbacks	Atlanta Braves	Houston Astros
member of sports team	Fadhl Omar is Qatari footballer who is a midfielder for Qatar SC.	Fadhl Omar	Qatar SC
member of sports team	Theo Schönhöft (9 May 1932 -- 26 July 1976) was a German international footballer who played as a forward for VfL Osnabrück.	Theo Schönhöft	VfL Osnabrück
member of sports team	Joonas Sarelius (born 2 July 1979 in Finland) is a football striker playing for FC Viikingit in the Finnish First Division (Ykkönen).	Joonas Sarelius	FC Viikingit
member of sports team	Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema (born 12 June 1985 in Ouagadougou) is a Burkinabé football midfielder who last played for C.D. Trofense in the Liga de Honra.	Abdoul-Aziz Nikiema	C.D. Trofense
member of sports team	Julia Zirnstein is a German football defender, currently playing for SC Sand in the 2nd Bundesliga.	Julia Zirnstein	SC Sand
member of sports team	Harry Butsko (Ukrainian: Гері Буцько) (born February 2, 1941 in Pottsville, Pennsylvania) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins.	Harry Butsko	Washington Redskins
member of sports team	Robin Yalçın made his Bundesliga debut for VfB Stuttgart on 9 February 2014 against FC Augsburg.	Robin Yalçın	VfB Stuttgart
member of sports team	Sergio Rodríguez Hurtado (born 6 September 1992), known simply as Sergio, is a Spanish footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a winger.	Sergio Rodríguez Hurtado	AD Alcorcón
member of sports team	Boris Leutar (born 20 August 1978) is a former Croatian football player who spent the majority of his career playing for HNK Cibalia.	Boris Leutar	HNK Cibalia
member of sports team	Simbarashe Sithole is a Zimbabwean professional footballer, who plays as a Forward for How Mine FC.	Simbarashe Sithole	How Mine FC
member of sports team	Shaun Johnson (born 9 September 1990) is a New Zealand professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors of the National Rugby League.	Shaun Johnson	New Zealand Warriors
member of sports team	Steve Massey (born 28 March 1958 in Denton, Lancashire) is an English football manager and former player who played as a striker, mainly for Stockport County and A.F.C. Bournemouth.	Steve Massey	A.F.C. Bournemouth
member of sports team	Andrei Dmitriyevich Karasyov (Russian: Андрей Дмитриевич Карасёв; born April 4, 1993) is a Russian football defender, who currently playing for FC Metallurg Lipetsk.	Andrei Dmitriyevich Karasyov	FC Metallurg Lipetsk
member of sports team	Tarsicio Aguado Arriazu, simply known as Tarsi (born 16 October 1994), is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza B as a midfielder.	Tarsicio Aguado	Real Zaragoza
member of sports team	Oleh Polischuk (Ukrainian: Олег Леонідович Поліщук; born 17 April 1991 in Igarka, Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian Second League.	Oleh Polischuk	FC Desna Chernihiv
member of sports team	René Rivera (born July 31, 1983) is a Puerto Rican professional baseball catcher for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball (MLB).	René Rivera	Tampa Bay Rays
member of sports team	Shaiborlang Kharpan (born 8 August 1995 in Meghalaya) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Shillong Lajong F.C. in the I-League.	Shaiborlang Kharpan	Shillong Lajong F.C.
member of sports team	Alexander Budkin (Russian: Александр Эльгизарович Будкин; born September 8, 1986) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for HC Dynamo Moscow in the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Alexander Budkin	HC Dynamo Moscow
member of sports team	Tiago Silva joined CSKA Sofia from PFC Litex Lovech in 2005.	Tiago Silva	PFC Litex Lovech
member of sports team	Tessa Oudejans (born 21 October 1991) is a Dutch former football midfielder, who played for FC Utrecht and ADO Den Haag of the Eredivisie.	Tessa Oudejans	FC Utrecht
member of sports team	Mansour Boutabout (Arabic: منصور بوتابوت‎) (born September 20, 1978 in Le Creusot) is an Algerian international football player who is currently playing for AS Excelsior in the Réunion Premier League.	Mansour Boutabout	AS Excelsior
member of sports team	Niklas Landin Jacobsen (born 19 December 1988) is a Danish handballer, currently playing for German club THW Kiel.	Niklas Landin Jacobsen	THW Kiel
member of sports team	Ludmila Andone (born 29 January 1989) is a Moldovan footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Noroc Nimoreni and the Moldova women's national football team.	Ludmila Andone	FC Noroc Nimoreni
member of sports team	Born in Campos Belos, Goiás, Laionel started playing football with two local clubs, lowly Vila Nova Futebol Clube and Grêmio Esportivo Inhumense.	Laionel	Vila Nova Futebol Clube
member of sports team	Robin Gosens (born 5 July 1994) is a German professional footballer partly of Dutch descent who currently plays as a midfielder for Heracles Almelo in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Robin Gosens	Heracles Almelo
member of sports team	Óscar Quesada Martínez (born 19 January 1978) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Jaén as a central midfielder.	Óscar Quesada	Real Jaén
member of sports team	Nicolas Mas (born 25 May 1980 in Perpignan, France) is a French rugby union footballer, who currently plays for Montpellier Hérault Rugby in the Top 14.	Nicolas Mas	Montpellier Hérault Rugby
member of sports team	LaShawn Maurkice Pouncey (born July 24, 1989) is an American football center and guard for the Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL).	Maurkice Pouncey	Pittsburgh Steelers
member of sports team	Ondřej Voříšek (5 January 1986 -- 13 August 2004) was a Czech football player who played for 1. FC Slovácko.	Ondřej Voříšek	1. FC Slovácko
member of sports team	Jan Heintze (born 17 August 1963) is a retired Danish professional football player, a left-sided defensive midfielder and defender who started and ended his career in the Netherlands with PSV Eindhoven, where he was a part of the PSV team which won the 1988 European Cup.	Jan Heintze	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Danylo Lazar (Ukrainian: Данило Ігорович Лазар; born 30 December 1989 in Lviv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Lviv in the Ukrainian First League.	Danylo Lazar	FC Lviv
member of sports team	Bo Braastrup Andersen played for Lyngby FC, Bristol City F.C., Djurgårdens IF, Viking FK, UD Las Palmas, Køge BK, Tromsø IL, Slagelse B&I, Stavanger IF, and Sandnes Ulf.	Bo Braastrup Andersen	Bristol City F.C.	Tromsø IL
member of sports team	James Waddell Smith (born August 24, 1955 in New Orleans, Louisiana) was an American-born football player for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League (CFL) where he played for seven seasons from 1977--1983.	Waddell Smith	Edmonton Eskimos
member of sports team	Tessa Wullaert (born 19 March 1993) is a Belgian football forward currently playing for VfL Wolfsburg in the German women's Bundesliga and the Belgian national team.	Tessa Wullaert	VfL Wolfsburg
member of sports team	Said Belmokhtar (Ukrainian: Саїд Белмохтар, Kazakh: Саід Белмоқтар; born 25 April 1984 in Almaty, Kazakh SSR, Soviet Union, now Kazakhstan), is a professional Kazakhstani-born Ukrainian football striker of Algerian descent who currently plays for Ukrainian Second League club FC Slavutych Cherkasy.	Said Belmokhtar	FC Slavutych Cherkasy
member of sports team	Mohd Ridzuan Abdunloh (born 23 February 1994) is a Malaysian football player of Thai ancestry who currently plays for Harimau Muda A as a midfielder.	Mohd Ridzuan Abdunloh	Harimau Muda A
member of sports team	Salah Ashour (Arabic: صلاح عاشور‎, born 8 September 1987) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for ENPPI Club as a striker.	Salah Ashour	ENPPI Club
member of sports team	Nick Bochette (born April 13, 1984 in Schaghticoke, New York, United States) is a U.S. soccer goalkeeper who last played the USL Second Division side Wilmington Hammerheads.	Nick Bochette	Wilmington Hammerheads
member of sports team	Jorge Vilda Rodríguez (born 17 July 1981) is a Spanish football coach who is the current manager of the Spain women's national football team.	Jorge Vilda	Spain women's national football team
member of sports team	Joel Figueroa (born June 29, 1989 in Miami, Florida) is a gridiron football offensive tackle for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League.	Joel Figueroa	Hamilton Tiger-Cats
member of sports team	Jean-Wilfried Oueifio, known as Willi Oueifio (born January 19, 1984) is a Central African professional football player who is currently playing for JA Drancy.	Willi Oueifio	JA Drancy
member of sports team	Charles Eloundou (born 4 December 1994) is a Cameroonian footballer who most recently played as a forward for Colorado Rapids in Major League Soccer.	Charles Eloundou	Colorado Rapids
member of sports team	Ernesto Lazzatti (25 September 1915 - 30 December 1988) was a former Argentine football midfielder who won 8 titles with Boca Juniors, 5 league and 3 national cups.	Ernesto Lazzatti	Boca Juniors
member of sports team	Ben Reynolds (born 7 January 1982 in Lithgow, New South Wales) is an Australian rugby league player for the Wests Tigers in the National Rugby League competition, he has also previously played for the Penrith Panthers.	Ben Reynolds	Wests Tigers
member of sports team	Tsang Kin Fong (Chinese: 曾健晃; Jyutping: zang1 gin6 fong2 ; born 2 January 1993 in Hong Kong), is a Hong Kong footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Sun Hei SC.	Tsang Kin Fong	Sun Hei SC
member of sports team	Paul Aidoo (born 30 November 1991) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Berekum Chelsea F.C.	Paul Aidoo	Berekum Chelsea F.C.
member of sports team	Philipp Ospelt (born 7 October 1992 in Munich, Germany) is a Liechtensteiner football striker who plays for Liechtenstein club FC Vaduz U23.	Philipp Ospelt	FC Vaduz
member of sports team	Randy Grimes was an American football player who played center for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 1983 to 1992.	Randy Grimes	Tampa Bay Buccaneers
member of sports team	Jean Capelle (26 October 1913 -- 20 February 1977) was a Belgian international footballer who played professionally as a striker for Standard Liège, scoring 245 goals in 285 appearances between 1929 and 1944.	Jean Capelle	Standard Liège
member of sports team	Jordan Russell (born 6 November 1986) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Football Club and the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League.	Jordan Russell	Collingwood Football Club	Carlton Football Club
member of sports team	Stefanos Polyzos (Greek: Στέφανος Πολύζος), born 16 August 1995 in Siatista, is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Aiginiakos F.C. on loan from PAOK FC as a midfielder.	Stefanos Polyzos	Aiginiakos F.C.
member of sports team	Guo Zichao(Chinese: 郭子超; Pinyin: Guō Zǐchāo) (born 25 January 1989) is a Chinese football player who currently plays for China League One side Jiangxi Liansheng.	Guo Zichao	Jiangxi Liansheng
member of sports team	Isaac Byrd II (born November 16, 1974) is a former professional American football wide receiver in the National Football League for the Tennessee Titans and Carolina Panthers.	Isaac Byrd	Tennessee Titans	Carolina Panthers
member of sports team	Junior Bryant (born January 16, 1971 in Omaha, Nebraska) is a former professional American football defensive lineman who played six seasons for the San Francisco 49ers.	Junior Bryant	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Khaled Narey (born 23 July 1994) is a German footballer who plays for SC Paderborn 07, on loan from Borussia Dortmund II. He plays as a right back.	Khaled Narey	Borussia Dortmund
member of sports team	Mohammad Shahid Jabbar was the head coach of the India women's national football team from 2010 to 2012.	Mohammad Shahid Jabbar	India women's national football team
member of sports team	Dragan Gošić (Serbian Cyrillic: Дpaгaн Гoшић, born 10 June 1981) is a Serbian football player who last played for Kazakhstan Premier League club FC Kairat Almaty as a striker.	Dragan Gošić	FC Kairat
member of sports team	Régis Ribeiro de Souza (born 3 June 1989), simply Régis, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Red Bull Brasil as a right back.	Régis Ribeiro de Souza	Red Bull Brasil
member of sports team	Saša Zečević (born 20 November 1983) is a Serbia footballer (central defender) who plays as for Gresik United.	Saša Zečević	Gresik United
member of sports team	Jean-Pascal Biezen (born May 31, 1979 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch footballer who played for Eerste Divisie clubs Stormvogels Telstar and FC Oss during the 1998-2005 football seasons.	Jean-Pascal Biezen	FC Oss
member of sports team	Purchased by La Liga side RCD Mallorca, Paíto immediately returned to Portugal, being loaned to Sporting de Braga for the duration of the campaign.	Paíto	RCD Mallorca
member of sports team	Kader Bidimbou is a Congolese professional footballer, who plays as a striker for AC Léopards.	Kader Bidimbou	AC Léopards
member of sports team	Alexandre Quennoz started his career at FC Sion where his strong displays caught the eye of Austria Vienna, FC Basel, VfL Wolfsburg and FC Zürich.	Alexandre Quennoz	FC Sion
member of sports team	Michal Daněk (born 6 July 1983) is a Czech footballer, currently playing for SK Dynamo České Budějovice.	Michal Daněk	SK Dynamo České Budějovice
member of sports team	Vladimir Dragičević (Cyrillic: Владимир Драгичевић; born May 30, 1986) is a Montenegrin professional basketball player who plays for Rönesans TED Ankara Kolejliler of the Turkish Basketball Super League.	Vladimir Dragičević	TED Ankara Kolejliler
member of sports team	Michal Filo (born 28 February 1984) is a Slovak footballer, who currently plays as a striker for TJ Družstevník Vrakúň.	Michal Filo	TJ Družstevník Vrakúň
member of sports team	Dominic Imhof (born July 28, 1982 in Grande Prairie, Alberta) is a Canadian footballer who currently plays for FC Tuggen in the 1.Liga Gruppe 3.	Dominic Imhof	FC Tuggen
member of sports team	Mika Hilander (born 17 August 1983) is a Finnish football player currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga side Ilves as a goalkeeper.	Mika Hilander	Ilves
member of sports team	Odil Ahmedov (born 25 November 1987) is an Uzbek international footballer, who plays for FC Krasnodar.	Odil Ahmedov	FC Krasnodar
member of sports team	Niklas Treutle (born April 29, 1991) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender currently playing within the Arizona Coyotes organization of the National Hockey League (NHL).	Niklas Treutle	Arizona Coyotes
member of sports team	Antonio Allen (born September 23, 1988) is an American football free safety for the New York Jets of the National Football League (NFL).	Antonio Allen	New York Jets
member of sports team	Tim Ramholt (born November 2, 1984 in Zurich, Switzerland) is a professional ice hockey defenceman for HC Davos of the Swiss Nationalliga A (NLA).	Tim Ramholt	HC Davos
member of sports team	Yehor Chehurko (Ukrainian: Єгор Володимирович Чегурко; born 27 January 1995 in Kharkiv, Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Metalist Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Yehor Chehurko	FC Metalist Kharkiv
member of sports team	Logan MacMillan (born July 5, 1989) is a Canadian ice hockey centre currently playing for Dornbirner EC of the Austrian Hockey League (EBEL).	Logan MacMillan	Dornbirner EC
member of sports team	André Filipe Aguiar Dias (born 18 April 1992 in Torre de Moncorvo, Bragança) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves as a left back.	André Filipe Aguiar Dias	C.D. Aves
member of sports team	Jan Adriaan Strauss (born 18 November 1985 in Bloemfontein, South Africa) is a rugby hooker who represents the Blue Bulls in the ABSA Currie Cup and the Bulls in Super Rugby.	Adriaan Strauss	Blue Bulls	Bulls
member of sports team	Myron Fernandes (born 2 May 1993) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Dempo S.C. in the I-League.	Myron Fernandes	Dempo S.C.
member of sports team	Slaven Kovačević (Cyrillic: Cлaвeн Koвaчeвић, born 18 June 1980) is a Montenegrin football midfielder playing for FK Palilulac Beograd in Serbian League Belgrade.	Slaven Kovačević	FK Palilulac Beograd
member of sports team	Peter Landiak (November 4, 1917 -- November 29, 2010), better known as Pete Langelle, was a professional ice hockey centre who played 137 games in the National Hockey League with the Toronto Maple Leafs.	Pete Langelle	Toronto Maple Leafs
member of sports team	Vitaliy Ponomar (Ukrainian: Віталій Вадимович Пономар; born 31 May 1990 in Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing as a forward for FC Oleksandriya.	Vitaliy Ponomar	FC Oleksandriya
member of sports team	Abdennour Chérif El-Ouazzani began his career as a youngster at MC Oran, where he was coached by his older brother, the former Algerian international Tahar Chérif El-Ouazzani, whom he names as his favourite player.	Abdennour Chérif El-Ouazzani	MC Oran
member of sports team	Anders Nøhr (born September 3, 1981) is a former Danish professional football player, who played for the FC Midtjylland, AC Horsens, Esbjerg fB and returned to Danish Superliga side AC Horsens.	Anders Nøhr	FC Midtjylland	AC Horsens	Esbjerg fB
member of sports team	Kristina Šundov is a Croatian football striker currently playing for Bayer 04 Leverkusen in the German Bundesliga (women).	Kristina Šundov	Bayer 04 Leverkusen
member of sports team	David Stec (born 10 May 1994) is an Austrian professional association football player who plays for SKN St. Pölten.	David Stec	SKN St. Pölten
member of sports team	Vladislav Bulyin is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Vladislav Bulyin	HC Neftekhimik Nizhnekamsk
member of sports team	Lee Wai Lim (Chinese: 李威廉; Jyutping: lei5 wai1 lim4, born 5 May 1981) is a Hong Kong football player, who currently plays as a forward for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA.	Lee Wai Lim	South China AA
member of sports team	Anatoliy Burlin (Ukrainian: Анатолій Андрійович Бурлін; born 19 January 1990 in Henichesk, Kherson Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk in the Ukrainian Second League.	Anatoliy Burlin	FC Stal Dniprodzerzhynsk
member of sports team	Mark Keenan (born 11 November 1975 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s, playing at representative level for Scotland, and at club level for Workington Town, and Whitehaven, as a Wing.	Mark Keenan	Workington Town
member of sports team	Glen Saville (born 17 January 1976) is an Australian former professional basketball player who played the majority of his career playing for the Wollongong Hawks in the Australasian National Basketball League.	Glen Saville	Wollongong Hawks
member of sports team	Jorge Ángelo Paleso Carbajal (born July 24, 1983 in Santa Lucía), commonly known as Ángelo Paleso, is a Uruguayan footballer, who currently plays for Sud América.	Ángelo Paleso	Sud América
member of sports team	Chet Brooks (born January 1, 1966 in Midland, Texas) is a former safety who played 3 seasons for the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.	Chet Brooks	San Francisco 49ers
member of sports team	Alioum Boukar (born January 3, 1972 in Yaoundé) is a former Cameroonian football goalkeeper, who played for several clubs, including Canon Yaoundé, Samsunspor and Istanbulspor, both in Turkey.	Alioum Boukar	Canon Yaoundé	Samsunspor
member of sports team	On Sunday December 24, 2006, Vince Young led yet another come-from-behind victory over the Buffalo Bills who, along with the Titans, had a 7--7 record and were competing for an AFC wild card playoff spot.	Vince Young	Buffalo Bills
member of sports team	Odd Christian Eiking (born 28 December 1994) is a Norwegian cyclist riding for Team Joker.	Odd Christian Eiking	Joker
member of sports team	Bienvenido Marañón Morejón, commonly known as Bienve (born 15 May 1986), is a Spanish footballer who plays for Filipino club Ceres F.C. as a winger.	Bienvenido Marañón Morejón	Ceres F.C.
member of sports team	In 2005 Pollo signed for Atlético Madrid, spending two seasons with the reserves also in the third level.	Pollo	Atlético Madrid
member of sports team	Jacob Albrechtsen (born March 10, 1990 in Smørum, Denmark) is a Danish football defender, who currently plays for BK Avarta.	Jacob Albrechtsen	BK Avarta
member of sports team	Yan Gomes (English pronunciation: /ˈjɑːn ˈɡoʊmz/, Portuguese: (ˈjɐ̃ ˈɡomis); born July 19, 1987) is a Brazilian American professional baseball catcher for the Cleveland Indians of Major League Baseball (MLB).	Yan Gomes	Cleveland Indians
member of sports team	Abdellah Zoubir (Arabic: عبدالله زوبير‎; born 5 December 1991) is a French professional footballer who plays for Romanian club FC Petrolul Ploiești mainly as an attacking midfielder.	Abdellah Zoubir	FC Petrolul Ploiești
member of sports team	Andreas Hermansson (born January 8, 1973) is a former Swedish football player, who played as a forward for allsvenskan clubs such as Trelleborgs FF, IFK Göteborg, Hammarby IF, Enköpings SK and GIF Sundsvall.	Andreas Hermansson	Trelleborgs FF	IFK Göteborg
member of sports team	Ross Divorty son of former Great Britain Rugby League Player Gary Divorty is an international rugby league footballer, who is a Welsh international, and plays domestically at semi-professional level for Featherstone Rovers in the Co-operative Championship.	Ross Divorty	Featherstone Rovers
member of sports team	Viktor Tokaji (born January 11, 1977 in Dunaújváros, Hungary) is a Hungarian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for Austrian Hockey League (EBEL) side, Alba Volán Székesfehérvár.	Viktor Tokaji	Alba Volán Székesfehérvár
member of sports team	Johan Versluis (born 16 August 1983 in Dordrecht) is a former Dutch professional footballer who played his whole career as a defender for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie.	Johan Versluis	FC Dordrecht
member of sports team	Jurgen Bardhi (born 6 November 1997 in Fushë Krujë) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga.	Jurgen Bardhi	Partizani Tirana
member of sports team	Márkó Futács (pronounced (ˈmaːrkoː ˈfutaːt͡ʃ); born 22 February 1990) is a Hungarian footballer who is in the midst of a two-year contract as a striker for Turkish Super League Football Club Mersin İdmanyurdu SK after finishing his contract for British Premier League Football Club Leicester City.	Márkó Futács	Mersin İdmanyurdu
member of sports team	Aldo Junior Simoncini (born August 30, 1986) is a Sammarinese footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for San Marino club A.C. Libertas and San Marino national team.	Aldo Junior Simoncini	A.C. Libertas
member of sports team	Lee White played for the Jets for four years, until he was traded to the NFL's Los Angeles Rams.	Lee White	Los Angeles Rams
member of sports team	Javier Carpio Martín (born 6 April 1984 in Salamanca, Castile and León) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo Alavés as a right back.	Javier Carpio	Deportivo Alavés
member of sports team	Radovan Mitrović is an Austrian footballer who plays as a midfielder who currently plays for the Austrian club SV Horn.	Radovan Mitrović	SV Horn
member of sports team	Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook (born 14 January 1986), is an English professional rugby league footballer for St Helens RLFC in the First:	Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook	St Helens RLFC
member of sports team	Winston Kalengo (born 29 August 1985) is a Zambian footballer who plays for Zambian club ZESCO United F.C..	Winston Kalengo	ZESCO United F.C.
member of sports team	Ilir Selmani (born 9 January 1978) is a Kosovar basketball player with KB Trepça of the Kosovo Super League.	Ilir Selmani	KB Trepça
member of sports team	Boško Dopuđ (Serbian Cyrillic: Бошко Допуђ; born 9 December 1990) is a Serbian football defender who plays for FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac.	Boško Dopuđ	FK Metalac Gornji Milanovac
member of sports team	Widodo Cahyono Putro began his career in Galatama with the club Warna Agung, shortly before the first national professional competition, the Liga Indonesia.	Widodo Cahyono Putro	Warna Agung
member of sports team	Oleksandr Ryabokon (Ukrainian: Олександр Дмитрович Рябоконь; born 21 February 1964 in Kiev, in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union - in present-day Ukraine) is a former Ukrainian football defender, and currently the head-coach of FC Desna Chernihiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Oleksandr Ryabokon	FC Desna Chernihiv
member of sports team	Nikola Tkalčić (born 3 December 1989 in Zagreb) is a Croatian football defender, currently playing for IFK Norrköping in Allsvenskan.	Nikola Tkalčić	IFK Norrköping
member of sports team	Franck Comba began playing Rugby Union with RC Toulon but he moved to Stade Français with Christophe Dominici.	Franck Comba	Stade Français
member of sports team	Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf (born 11 February 1983) is a Mayotte footballer currently plays for US Stade Tamponnaise .	Benhamadi Ybnou Charaf	US Stade Tamponnaise
member of sports team	Niclas Bergfors (born March 7, 1987) is a Swedish professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for Admiral Vladivostok of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).	Niclas Bergfors	Admiral Vladivostok
member of sports team	In June 2010, Emrah Eren signed a 1 year contract with Konyaspor.	Emrah Eren	Konyaspor
member of sports team	Ariel Ortega first played for Club Atlético River Plate on 14 December 1991 and until 1996 and returned in 2000--02, 2006--08 and 2009--11.	Ariel Ortega	Club Atlético River Plate
member of sports team	on the 6th September 2012, Sheffield Eagles announced the signing of Matt Garside from the 2013 Championship season onwards.	Matt Garside	Sheffield Eagles
member of sports team	Mirko Höfflin (born June 18, 1992) is a German ice hockey player for the Straubing Tigers, on loan from Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (DEL).	Mirko Höfflin	Adler Mannheim
member of sports team	Darryl Marfo (born 11 January 1990) is a British rugby player who plays for Harlequin F.C..	Darryl Marfo	Harlequin F.C.
member of sports team	Andy Hubert (born 29 December 1990 in Bonn) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bonner SC for 1.	Andy Hubert	Bonner SC
member of sports team	Sergei Vladislavovich Bogomolov (Russian: Серге́й Владиславович Богомолов; born 14 January 1994) is a Russian football forward who last played for FC Fakel Voronezh.	Sergei Vladislavovich Bogomolov	FC Fakel Voronezh
member of sports team	Poul Mejer played his entire career for Vejle Boldklub, where he got 307 caps for the club's first team.	Poul Mejer	Vejle Boldklub
member of sports team	Jakov Surać (born 12 February 1975) is a Croatian football midfielder, playing for NK Zadar in the Prva HNL.	Jakov Surać	NK Zadar
member of sports team	Gustavo Lobo Paradeda (born 5 October 1979), simply known as Gustavo, is a Brazilian born Russian futsal player who plays for MFK Dinamo Moskva and the Russian national futsal team.	Gustavo Lobo Paradeda	MFK Dinamo Moskva
member of sports team	Zhasur Narzikulov (Kazakh: Жасұр Нәрзіқұлов) is a Kazakhstani football goalkeeper who plays for FC Atyrau.	Zhasur Narzikulov	FC Atyrau
member of sports team	Quenton Terrell Lowery (born October 25, 1970 in Oakland, California) is a former outfielder for the Chicago Cubs, Tampa Bay Devil Rays, and San Francisco Giants.	Terrell Lowery	Chicago Cubs	San Francisco Giants
member of sports team	Lyudmyla Pekur is a Ukrainian footballer currently playing for Ryazan VDV in the Russian Championship.	Lyudmyla Pekur	Ryazan VDV
member of sports team	Sander Heesakkers (born 8 January 1995) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays for PSV Eindhoven as a center back.	Sander Heesakkers	PSV Eindhoven
member of sports team	Edinho Pattinama (born 1 March 1989, Spijkenisse) is a Dutch footballer, currently playing for Eredivisie side NAC Breda.	Edinho Pattinama	NAC Breda
member of sports team	In the 2012 off-season Rambé signed for C.F. Os Belenenses in the second level.	Rambé	C.F. Os Belenenses
member of sports team	Brian Ah Yat (born November 12, 1975) is a former American football quarterback who played three seasons with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League.	Brian Ah Yat	Winnipeg Blue Bombers
member of sports team	Guy Ipoua (born 14 January 1976 in Douala) is a Cameroonian footballer who has played for Oryx Douala and a string of British and Continental clubs.	Guy Ipoua	Oryx Douala
member of sports team	Steve Goossen (born November 12, 1968 in Goirle, Netherlands) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eredivisie league debut with club SBV Vitesse during the 1996-1997 season.Goossen also played for club Sparta Rotterdam during the 1999-2000 seasons.	Steve Goossen	Sparta Rotterdam
member of sports team	Gerson Tinoco (born 2 November 1988) is a Guatemalan football forward who plays for Cobán Imperial	Gerson Tinoco	Cobán Imperial
member of sports team	William Henry Richardson (1878--1949) was a first baseman in Major League Baseball for the 1901 St. Louis Cardinals of the National League.	William Henry Richardson	St. Louis Cardinals
military branch	Lieutenant General Henry Louis Larsen (December 10, 1890 -- October 2, 1962) was a United States Marine Corps officer, the second Military Governor of Guam following its recapture from the Empire of Japan, and the first post-World War II Governor of Guam.	Henry Louis Larsen	United States Marine Corps
mother	Jean François Gail (1795--1845) was a French classicist, the only son of the prolific hellenist and editor Jean-Baptiste Gail (1755--1829), and his wife Sophie Gail (1775--1819), a singer and composer.	Jean François Gail	Sophie Gail
mother	Troy Garity was born Troy O'Donovan Hayden in Los Angeles, California, to actress/activist Jane Fonda and activist/politician Tom Hayden.	Troy Garity	Jane Fonda
mother	Princess Marie of Waldeck and Pyrmont (Georgine Henriette Marie; 23 May 1857 -- 30 April 1882) was the third daughter of George Victor, Prince of Waldeck and Pyrmont and his wife, Princess Helena of Nassau, younger half-sister of Adolphe, Grand Duke of Luxembourg.	Princess Marie of Waldeck and Pyrmont	Princess Helena of Nassau
mother	Lý Chiêu Hoàng was born in September of Lunar calendar 1218 as Lý Phật Kim (李佛金), subsequently changed to Lý Thiên Hinh (李天馨), second child of the Emperor Lý Huệ Tông and the Empress Trần Thị Dung.	Lý Chiêu Hoàng	Trần Thị Dung
mother	Fathia Ghali (neé Fathia Fuad) (Arabic: فتحية بنت فؤاد الأول‎) (17 December 1930 -- 10 December 1976) was the youngest daughter of Fuad I of Egypt and Nazli Sabri, and so the youngest sister of Farouk I.	Fathia Ghali	Nazli Sabri
mother	Thomas Grey, 1st Marquess of Dorset, 1st Earl of Huntingdon and 7th Baron Ferrers of Groby KG (1455 -- 20 September 1501), was an English nobleman, courtier and the eldest son of Elizabeth Woodville and her first husband Sir John Grey of Groby.	Thomas Grey, 1st Marquess of Dorset	Elizabeth Woodville
mother	Princess Margarita of Baden (Margarete Alice Thyra Viktoria Marie Louise Scholastica; 14 July 1932 -- 15 January 2013) was the only daughter of Berthold, Margrave of Baden, and Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark.	Princess Margarita of Baden	Princess Theodora of Greece and Denmark
mother	In Greek mythology, Dynamene (Ancient Greek: Δυναμένη) was a Nereid or sea-nymph, one of the 50 daughters of Nereus and Doris.	Dynamene	Doris
mother	Jeanne Phillips began assisting her mother, Pauline Phillips, with the Dear Abby column at the age of 14 in order to earn an allowance.	Jeanne Phillips	Pauline Phillips
mother	Domne Eafe's mother is called Oslafa.	Domne Eafe	Oslafa
mother	Philippe I, Duke of Orléans (21 September 1640 -- 9 June 1701), was the younger son of Louis XIII of France and his wife, Anne of Austria.	Philippe I, Duke of Orléans	Anne of Austria
mother	George Llewelyn Davies (20 July 1893 - 15 March 1915) was the eldest son of Arthur and Sylvia Llewelyn Davies.	George Llewelyn Davies	Sylvia Llewelyn Davies
mother	Kim Yong-ju was born to Kim Hyŏng-jik and Kang Pan-sŏk in Mangyŏngdae in 1920, 8 years after his elder brother Kim Il-sung.	Kim Yong-ju	Kang Pan-sŏk
mother	Martanda Sydney Tondaiman (22 July 1916 -- 20 January 1984) was the son and only child of Martanda Bhairava Tondaiman, Raja of Pudukkottai and his Australian wife Molly Fink.	Martanda Sydney Tondaiman	Molly Fink
mother	Monika von Habsburg (née Monika Maria Roberta Antonia Raphaela Habsburg-Lothringen), Archduchess of Austria, Princess Royal of Hungary, Duchess de Santangelo (born 13 September 1954, in Würzburg), the daughter of Otto von Habsburg and Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen.	Monika von Habsburg	Princess Regina of Saxe-Meiningen
mother	Menexenus (/ˌməˈnɛksənəs/; Greek: Μενέξενоς) was one of the three sons of Socrates and Xanthippe.	Menexenus	Xanthippe
mother	Enrique Zileri Gibson (4 June 1931 -- 24 August 2014) was the publisher of Caretas (Masks), Peru's leading newsmagazine, which was cofounded by his mother Doris Gibson.	Enrique Zileri	Doris Gibson
mother	Anne Stanley, Countess of Castlehaven (May 1580 -- c. October 1647) was the eldest daughter and heir of Ferdinando Stanley, 5th Earl of Derby and Alice Spencer.	Anne Stanley, Countess of Castlehaven	Alice Spencer
mother	George Darwin was born at Down House, Kent, the second son and fifth child of Charles and Emma Darwin.	George Darwin	Emma Darwin
mother	Friedrich Kettler was born to Gotthard Kettler and his wife Anna of Mecklenburg.	Friedrich Kettler	Anna of Mecklenburg
mother	Charibert I (French: Caribert; Latin: Charibertus; c. 517 - December 567) was the Merovingian King of Paris, the second-eldest son of Chlothar I and Ingund.	Charibert I	Ingund
mother	Dancethruthedawn (foaled March 6, 1998 in Ontario) is a Canadian Thoroughbred racehorse sired by leading United States stallion Mr. Prospector from Dance Smartly, a Canadian Triple Crown Champion mare and inductee of the Canadian and U.S. Racing Hall of Fame.	Dancethruthedawn	Dance Smartly
mother	Edward Miner Gallaudet (February 5, 1837 -- September 26, 1917), son of Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet and Sophia Fowler Gallaudet, was a famous early educator of the deaf in Washington, DC. As a youth, he enjoyed working with tools and also built an ``electrical machine.''	Edward Miner Gallaudet	Sophia Fowler Gallaudet
mother	Naungdawgyi was born Maung Lauk (မောင်လောက်) to Yun San and Aung Zeya (later King Alaungpaya) on 10 August 1734 (Tuesday, 11th waxing of Wagaung 1096 ME) in a small village of Moksobo, about 60 miles northwest of Ava (Inwa).	Naungdawgyi	Yun San
mother	Matilda of Franconia (c. 1027 -- 1034) was a daughter of Emperor Conrad II and Gisela of Swabia from the Salian dynasty.	Matilda of Franconia	Gisela of Swabia
mouth of the watercourse	The Tavda River (Russian: Тавда) is a Siberian river that drains part of the central Ural mountains into the Tobol River.	Tavda River	Tobol River
mouth of the watercourse	The Eckbach the flows through the western part of the Upper Rhine Plain, flowing northnortheast past the villages Großniedesheim and Kleinniedesheim.	Eckbach	Rhine
mouth of the watercourse	The Tagliamento (Italian: (taʎʎaˈmento)) is a braided river in north-east Italy, flowing from the Alps to the Adriatic Sea at a point between Trieste and Venice.	Tagliamento	Adriatic Sea
mouth of the watercourse	Beardy Waters rises below the Waterloo Range and Great Dividing Range, and flows generally north-east then north, before reaching its confluence with the Severn River, north of Glen Innes; descending 317 metres (1,040 ft) over its 76 kilometres (47 mi) course.	Beardy Waters	Severn River
mouth of the watercourse	The Wog Wog River is a perennial river of the Towamba River catchment, located in the South Coast region of New South Wales, Australia.	Wog Wog River	Towamba River
mouth of the watercourse	The Okanogan River (known as the Okanagan River in Canada) is a tributary of the Columbia River, approximately 115 mi (185 km) long, in southern British Columbia and north central Washington.	Okanogan River	Columbia River
mouth of the watercourse	The Mistassini River is a river in central Quebec, Canada, draining into the north-western portion of Lac Saint-Jean.	Mistassini River	Lac Saint-Jean
mouth of the watercourse	The Hoosic River, also known as the Hoosac, the Hoosick (primarily in New York) and the Hoosuck (mostly archaic), is a 76.3-mile-long (122.8 km) tributary of the Hudson River in the northeastern United States.	Hoosic River	Hudson River
mouth of the watercourse	The Little Muskingum River is a tributary of the Ohio River, approximately 65 mi (105 km) long, in southeast Ohio in the United States.	Little Muskingum River	Ohio River
mouth of the watercourse	Allia, a stream flowing into the Tiber, is 18 kilometres (11 mi) from Rome and the site of the Battle of the Allia, where Romans were defeated by the Gauls under Brennus in 387 BC. (Some date the battle in 364 or 390.)	Allia	Tiber
mouth of the watercourse	The Sèvre Niortaise is a river in western France, flowing into the Atlantic Ocean.	Sèvre Niortaise	Atlantic Ocean
mouth of the watercourse	The Bloukrans River (Grahamstown) is a tributary of the Kowie River, and is situated near Grahamstown in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.	Bloukrans River (Grahamstown)	Kowie River
mouth of the watercourse	The Vidourle (Vidorle in occitan) is a river in southern France, flowing into the Mediterranean Sea in Le Grau-du-Roi.	Vidourle	Mediterranean Sea
mouth of the watercourse	The Vedeggio is a river of the Swiss Canton Ticino which rises on the slopes of Monte Camoghè (2200m) between Bellinzona and Lugano, crosses the plain of Vedeggio (which takes its name from the river), and enters Lake Lugano at Agno.	Vedeggio	Lake Lugano
mouth of the watercourse	The Benedore River rises in the Benedore River Reference Area and flows generally south southeast, through the Seal Creek Reference Area, before reaching its mouth with Bass Strait within the Croajingolong National Park in the Shire of East Gippsland.	Benedore River	Bass Strait
mouth of the watercourse	The Bulkley River in British Columbia is a major tributary of the Skeena River.	Bulkley River	Skeena River
mouth of the watercourse	The Eastmain River is a river in northwestern Quebec which rises in north central Quebec and flows 800 km west to drain into James Bay.	Eastmain River	James Bay
mouth of the watercourse	The Kankakee River ((ˌkæŋkəˈki)) is a tributary of the Illinois River, approximately 133 miles (214 km) long, in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States.	Kankakee River	Illinois River
mouth of the watercourse	The Guadiamar is a river of Andalusia, Spain, and a tributary of the Guadalquivir.	Guadiamar	Guadalquivir
mouth of the watercourse	Left tributary to Širvinta, Liepona originates in Lithuania, near Kylininkai village.	Liepona	Širvinta
mouth of the watercourse	A'Becketts Creek is a perennial stream and a northern tributary of the Duck River and part of the Parramatta River catchment, in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.	A'Becketts Creek	Duck River
mouth of the watercourse	The Alouette River is a tributary of the Pitt River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.	Alouette River	Pitt River
mouth of the watercourse	The Gwda (German: Küddow) is a river in Poland, a tributary of the Noteć.	Gwda	Noteć
mouth of the watercourse	Bowman River, a perennial river of the Gloucester River catchment, is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales, Australia.	Bowman River	Gloucester River
mouth of the watercourse	Piz River (Russian: Пизь) is a right tributary of the Buy River.	Piz River	Buy River
mouth of the watercourse	The Smotrych River (Ukrainian: Смотрич, Polish: Smotrycz) is a left tributary of the Dniester, flowing through the Podillia upland of western Ukraine.	Smotrych River	Dniester
mouth of the watercourse	The Wieprz (Polish pronunciation: (ˈvjɛpʂ), boar) is a river in central-eastern Poland, a tributary of the Vistula.	Wieprz	Vistula
mouth of the watercourse	The Ouzoum or Ouzom (/ uzũ /), is a left tributary of the Gave de Pau, in the Southwest of France, between the Génie longue and the Béez.	Ouzoum	Gave de Pau
narrative location	Where's Jack? is a 1969 film recounting the exploits of notorious 18th century criminal Jack Sheppard and London ``thieftaker'' Jonathan Wild.	Where's Jack?	London
narrative location	Named after the father in Travers' story, Saving Mr. Banks depicts the author's fortnight-long meetings during 1961 in Los Angeles, during which Disney attempts to obtain the screen rights to her novels.	Saving Mr. Banks	Los Angeles
narrative location	Legacy of Rage (Chinese: 龍在江湖) is a 1986 Hong Kong action film directed by Ronny Yu, starring Brandon Lee, Michael Wong, Regina Kent and also features a cameo appearance by Bolo Yeung who appeared in Brandon's father, Bruce Lee's, last film Enter the Dragon.	Legacy of Rage	Hong Kong
narrative location	Desperate Scousewives was a British reality television series based in Liverpool.	Desperate Scousewives	Liverpool
narrative location	Othello (The Tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice) is a tragedy by William Shakespeare, believed to have been written in 1603.	Othello	Venice
narrative location	Sket is a 2011 British urban retribution thriller film, set in the inner estates of North West London.	Sket	London
narrative location	Gangland Odyssey is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Chan and starring Andy Lau, Alex Man and Chan.	Gangland Odyssey	Hong Kong
narrative location	Skinny Tiger, Fatty Dragon is a 1990 Hong Kong action film directed by Lau Kar-wing, who also co-stars in the film.	Skinny Tiger, Fatty Dragon	Hong Kong
narrative location	What's Happening!! follows the lives of three working-class African-American teens living in the South Los Angeles section of Los Angeles.	What's Happening!!	Los Angeles
narrative location	American Pastoral is a Philip Roth novel published in 1997 concerning Seymour ``Swede'' Levov, a successful Jewish American businessman and former high school star athlete from Newark, New Jersey.	American Pastoral	New Jersey
narrative location	Henson premiered Time Piece at the Museum of Modern Art in New York City in 1965.	Time Piece	New York City
narrative location	Rugby League 3 is a sports game for the Wii, which was released on 18 March 2010 in Australia, France and New Zealand.	Rugby League 3	France
narrative location	Prince Caspian (originally published as Prince Caspian: The Return to Narnia) is a high fantasy novel for children by C. S. Lewis, published by Geoffrey Bles in 1951.	Prince Caspian	Narnia
narrative location	Although the film details an ill-prepared camping and canoe trip into the Oregon wild, Without a Paddle was filmed in New Zealand to take advantage of tax rebates.	Without a Paddle	Oregon
narrative location	100 Ways to Murder Your Wife is a 1986 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Kenny Bee and starring Bee, Anita Mui, Chow Yun-fat and Joey Wong.	100 Ways to Murder Your Wife	Hong Kong
narrative location	Like its predecessor, Better Call Saul is set and filmed in Albuquerque, New Mexico.	Better Call Saul	New Mexico
narrative location	Outwitting Trolls is a murder mystery written by William G. Tapply that takes place in Boston.	Outwitting Trolls	Boston
narrative location	A Fair to Remember is a documentary film about the State Fair of Texas that debuted in February 2007 at the Hall of State on the grounds of Fair Park in Dallas, Texas.	A Fair to Remember	Dallas
narrative location	Undeclared centers on a group of college freshmen at the fictional University of Northeastern California.	Undeclared	California
narrative location	Zombie cited American horror films The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974) and The Hills Have Eyes (1977) as influences on House of 1000 Corpses, as well as other films released during the 1970s.	House of 1000 Corpses	Texas
narrative location	Rohit Khilnani of India Today gave 3 stars and said ``Singham Returns is strictly for fans''.	Singham Returns	India
narrative location	Zabibah and the King (Arabic: زبيبة والملك‎ Zabībah wal-Malik) is a romance novel, originally published anonymously in Iraq in 2000, that was written by Saddam Hussein.	Zabibah and the King	Iraq
narrative location	High Crime was filmed at at Incir De Paolis in Rome and on location in Genoa, Ligurian coast, Marseille.	High Crime	Marseille
narrative location	NES Open Tournament Golf, known as Mario Open Golf (マリオオープンゴルフ Mario Ōpun Gorufu) in Japan, is a sports game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1991.	NES Open Tournament Golf	Japan
narrative location	Sharknado is a 2013 made-for-television disaster film about a waterspout that lifts sharks out of the ocean and deposits them in Los Angeles.	Sharknado	Los Angeles
native language	Sabrina Ouazani (born 6 December 1988) is a French actress of Algerian descent.	Sabrina Ouazani	French
original network	Mind of a Man is a game show broadcast by Game Show Network, with DeRay Davis as host.	Mind of a Man	Game Show Network
parent taxon	Lithognathus is a marine fish genus in the Sparidae family.	Lithognathus	Sparidae
participant of	Leonie Nichols (born 19 March 1979) is an Australian synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Leonie Nichols	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Laura Bartlett is a retired Scottish field hockey player, representing Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Laura Bartlett	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Adriano Costa is a Brazilian Paralympic footballer who won bronze medal for being a participant at the 2000 Summer Paralympics in Sydney, Australia and was awarded silver medal for the 2004 Summer Paralympics in Athens, Greece.	Adriano Costa	2000 Summer Paralympics	2004 Summer Paralympics
participant of	Nikolay Surov (May 20, 1947 -- February 28, 2010) was a Russian Olympic rower who competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.	Nikolay Surov	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jasem Delavari (Persian: جاسم دلاوری‎, born September 2, 1986 in Ghaemshahr, Iran) is an Iranian amateur boxer who competed in the Super Heavyweight (+91 kg) division at the 2006 Asian Games winning the bronze medal in a lost bout against Uzbekistan's eventual gold medalist Rustam Saidov 11-31.	Jasem Delavari	2006 Asian Games
participant of	Rick Wanamaker (born March 20, 1948 in Marengo, Iowa) is an American track and basketball athlete, known principally for winning the decathlon in the 1971 Pan American Games and for blocking a shot against Lew Alcindor in the 1969 NCAA national basketball semi-finals.	Rick Wanamaker	1971 Pan American Games
participant of	Marino Morettini (2 January 1931 -- 10 December 1990) was a road bicycle and track cyclist from Italy, who won the silver medal in the men's 1.000m time trial at the 1952 Summer Olympics.	Marino Morettini	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anita Lonsbrough, MBE (born 10 August 1941 in York), later known by her married name Anita Porter, is a former swimmer from Great Britain who won a gold medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Anita Lonsbrough	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Karl-Gustaf Nilsson (March 9, 1879 - Unknown death) was a Swedish tug of war competitor who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.	Karl-Gustaf Nilsson	1908 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hansjörg Schlager (20 August 1948 in Langenau -- 10 March 2004 in Titisee-Neustadt) was a German alpine skier who competed in the 1972 Winter Olympics.	Hansjörg Schlager	1972 Winter Olympics
participant of	Lyubcho Dyakov (Bulgarian: Любчо Дяков) (born 17 May 1954) is a Bulgarian former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, in the 1980 Summer Olympics, and in the 1988 Summer Olympics.	Lyubcho Dyakov	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hermann Bosch (March 10, 1891 -- November 15, 1916) was a German international footballer player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Hermann Bosch	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erjon Tola (born 15 December 1986) is an Albanian alpine ski racer who represented Albania at the 2006, 2010 and 2014 Winter Olympics.	Erjon Tola	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Hans Johnstone (born 29 May 1961) is an American former Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Hans Johnstone	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	2010 Feminnem took part at the Croatian national final for the third time in 2010, hoping to represent the country in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 to be held in Bærum, Greater Oslo, Norway with their song ``Lako je sve''.	Feminnem	Eurovision Song Contest 2010
participant of	József von Platthy (December 17, 1900 -- December 20, 1990) was a Hungarian horse rider who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	József von Platthy	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Elisabeta Turcu (born 2 May 1953 in Ploieşti, Romania) is a Romanian artistic gymnast who competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Elisabeta Turcu	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Martin Riesen (born July 8, 1926) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey goaltender who represented the Swiss national team at the 1956 Winter Olympics.	Martin Riesen	1956 Winter Olympics
participant of	In the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Max Truex set the American record in the 10,000 meters, 28:50:2, in finishing sixth in an event long dominated by Europeans.	Max Truex	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bekzod Khidirov (Бекзод Хидиров; born December 18, 1981) is a boxer from Uzbekistan, who participated at the 2004 Summer Olympics for his native Asian country.	Bekzod Khidirov	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nodar Kumaritashvili (Georgian: ნოდარ ქუმარიტაშვილი; pronounced (nɔdar kʰumaritʼaʃvili); 25 November 1988 -- 12 February 2010) was a Georgian luger who suffered a fatal crash during a training run for the 2010 Winter Olympics competition in Whistler, Canada, on the day of the opening ceremony.	Nodar Kumaritashvili	2010 Winter Olympics
participant of	Joseph Rego-Costa (born on July 3, 1919 in Fall River, Massachusetts; died April 27, 2002 in Fall River, Massachusetts) is a former U.S. soccer right halfback who earned four caps with the United States and was the captain of the team at the 1948 Summer Olympics	Joseph Rego-Costa	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anne-Lise Parisien (born October 22, 1972 in Lewiston, Maine) is a former American alpine skier who competed in the 1994 Winter Olympics.	Anne-Lise Parisien	1994 Winter Olympics
participant of	Masae Kasai (河西 昌枝 Kasai Masae, 14 July 1933 -- 3 October 2013) was a volleyball player from Japan, who was a member of the Japan Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Masae Kasai	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Harold Gordon Fowler was a sailor from Great Britain, who represented his country at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Meulan and Le Havre, France.	Gordon Fowler	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sergei Klevtsov (born January 30, 1954) is a former field hockey player from Russia, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Field Hockey Team from the Soviet Union at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.	Sergei Klevtsov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	The Rounder Girls represented Austria in the Eurovision Song Contest 2000 with the song ``All To You'' where they reached a 14th place.	The Rounder Girls	Eurovision Song Contest 2000
participant of	Hans Pedersen (born 5 November 1887 in Højelse, Køge Municipality, Sjælland, Denmark; d. 22 September 1943 in Kimmerslev, Køge Municipality) was a Danish gymnast who competed in the 1906, 1912 and 1920 Summer Olympics.	Hans Pedersen	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Erin Carroll was selected to represent Australia in badminton at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Erin Carroll	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Vladimer Chanturia (born July 1, 1978) is a Georgian boxer who competed in the Heavyweight (91 kg) division at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the bronze medal.	Vladimer Chanturia	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sandra Wagner-Sachse (born September 9, 1969) is an archer from Germany who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Sandra Wagner-Sachse	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mariano Aguilar (born 1903, date of death unknown) was a Mexican sprinter who competed in 100 metres and 200 metres at the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Mariano Aguilar	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Charles Haberkorn (November 16, 1880 -- November 1966) was an American tug of war competitor and wrestler who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics.	Charles Haberkorn	1904 Summer Olympics
participant of	Imara Esteves Ribalta (born April 15, 1978) is a Cuban olympic beach volleyballer at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Imara Esteves Ribalta	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Annemarie Sanders-Keijzer (born April 3, 1958 in Koog aan de Zaan, North Holland) is an equestrian from the Netherlands, who won the silver medal in the Team Dressage Event at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Annemarie Sanders	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Florian Grzechowiak (June 7, 1914 in Bottrop, Germany -- July 24, 1972 in Poznań) was a Polish basketball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Florian Grzechowiak	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Léon Johnson (29 February 1876 -- 2 January 1943) was a French sport shooter who competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics, the 1912 Summer Olympics and at the 1920 Summer Olympics.	Léon Johnson	1908 Summer Olympics	1912 Summer Olympics	1920 Summer Olympics
participant of	Roberto Calcaterra (born February 2, 1972 in Civitavecchia) is a retired water polo defense player from Italy, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Roberto Calcaterra	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mira Bjedov, married Nikolić, (born 7 September 1955 in Mokro Polje) is a former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Mira Bjedov	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Eric Palmgren (9 August 1916 -- 31 May 2015) was a Finnish former sailor who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Eric Palmgren	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Gianluca Bezzina (born 9 November 1989) is a Maltese medical doctor and part-time singer who represented Malta in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 in Malmö, Sweden.	Gianluca Bezzina	Eurovision Song Contest 2013
participant of	Sándor Bodnár (16 June 1890 born in Košice (Slovakia) -- 6 November 1955) was a Hungarian football (soccer) player who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	Sándor Bodnár	1912 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hubert Houben (24 February 1898 -- 9 November 1956) was a German sprinter who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Hubert Houben	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Graham McMillan represented Australia at the 1956 Summer Olympics.	Graham McMillan	1956 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hans Sennewald (born 12 September 1961) is a retired German rower who won a bronze medal in the eights event at the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Hans Sennewald	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ilsa Konrads (Latvian: Ilze Konrade; born 29 March 1944) is an Australian former freestyle swimmer of the 1950s and 1960s, who won a silver medal in the 4×100-metre freestyle relay at the 1960 Summer Olympics.	Ilsa Konrads	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mario Fiorillo (born 16 December 1962) is an Italian former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Mario Fiorillo	1984 Summer Olympics	1988 Summer Olympics	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Sante Marsili (born 31 October 1950 in Naples, Italy) is an Italian former water polo player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Sante Marsili	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jaroslav Papiernik (February 14, 1952 in Hriňová -- April 26, 2002 in Považská Bystrica) was a former Czechoslovak/Slovak handball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jaroslav Papiernik	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Guno Berenstein (born December 18, 1967 in Nickerie, Suriname) is a Dutch judoka who competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the men's extra-lightweight division.	Guno Berenstein	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Hu Ni (Chinese: 胡妮, born 9 February 1981) is a Chinese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Hu Ni	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Rocío Ybarra Solaun (born December 26, 1984 in Bilbao, Vizcaya) is a field hockey defender from Spain, who represented her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.	Rocío Ybarra	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Federico Gay (16 July 1896 -- 15 April 1989) was an Italian professional road bicycle racer, who won four stages in the 1924 Giro d'Italia, and one stage in the 1922 Tour de France.	Federico Gay	Tour de France
participant of	Jiang Xishang (born 15 May 1980) is a Chinese professional field hockey player who represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.	Jiang Xishang	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jesper Tørring (born 27 September 1947) is a Danish former athlete who competed in 110 metres hurdles and long jump at the 1972 Summer Olympics and in high jump at the 1976 Summer Olympics.	Jesper Tørring	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Henk Marcel Dost (born September 28, 1969 in Zierikzee, Zeeland) is a retired decathlete from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.	Marcel Dost	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Nicolaas Tates (born May 5, 1915 -- December 25, 1990) was a Dutch canoeist who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Nicolaas Tates	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Crispin Duenas (born January 5, 1986 in North York, Ontario, grew up in Scarborough, Ontario) is a Canadian recurve archer who represented Canada at the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing and the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Crispin Duenas	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lucy Morton (23 February 1898 -- 26 August 1980), later known by her married name Lucy Heaton, was an English competition swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1924 Summer Olympics and won a gold medal in the 200-metre breaststroke event.	Lucy Morton	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrey Kislykh (born 24 November 1976) is a Russian former hurdler who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Andrey Kislykh	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Félix Aznar is a Spanish skier who has served as para-alpine guide for Paralympic skiers including Andrés Boira and Gabriel Gorce, skiing with Gorce at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver.	Félix Aznar	2010 Winter Paralympics
participant of	Brett Leaver (born 12 January 1970) is a former field hockey player from New Zealand, who finished in eighth position with the Men's National Team, nicknamed Black Sticks, at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Brett Leaver	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Maryanne Graham (born November 23, 1955), also known by her married name Maryanne Keever, is an American former competition swimmer who represented the United States at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, Quebec.	Maryanne Graham	1976 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrei Xepkin Xepkina (Ukrainian: Андрій Щепкін, born 1 May 1965 in Zaporizhzhia, Ukraine) is a Spanish and former Ukrainian handball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics for Spain.	Andrei Xepkin	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Molly O'Bryan Vandemoer (born 13 April 1979) is an American sailor who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Elliott 6m class with Anna Tunnicliffe and Deborah Capozzi coming 5th overall.	Molly O'Bryan Vandemoer	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Torsten Lennart Samuelsson (7 July 1924 -- 27 November 2012) was a Swedish association football player, who won bronze medals at the 1950 FIFA World Cup and 1952 Summer Olympics.	Lennart Samuelsson	1950 FIFA World Cup	1952 Summer Olympics
participant of	Kanako Kitao (born 6 February 1982) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Kanako Kitao	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Silvia Manrique Pérez (born March 6, 1973 in Llodio, Álava) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who was a member of the Women's National Team that won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics on home soil (Barcelona).	Silvia Manrique	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Janine Beermann (born 20 November 1983 in Wuppertal) is a German field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Janine Beermann	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Igor Vušurović (born September 24, 1974) is a Montenegrin volleyball player, who won the gold medal with the Yugoslavian Men's National Team at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Igor Vušurović	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Luděk Bohman (born 2 December 1946 in Nymburk) is a Czech former athlete who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Luděk Bohman	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Jacques Brinkman (born August 26, 1966 in Utrecht) is a former Dutch field hockey player, who twice won the golden medal with the national squad: at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta and four years later, at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.	Jacques Brinkman	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Philippe Tesnière was a professional cyclist between 1978 and 1981, finishing in last place in the 1978 Tour de France.	Philippe Tesnière	Tour de France
participant of	On March 9, 2006 Texas Lightning won the German heat for the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 and represented Germany in the Finals on May 20, 2006 in Athens, Greece.	Texas Lightning	Eurovision Song Contest 2006
participant of	Karl Wahlmüller (October 22, 1913 in Linz -- February 16, 1944 in Toila, Estonia) was an Austrian football (soccer) player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.	Karl Wahlmüller	1936 Summer Olympics
participant of	Shagun Chowdhary finished in 20th place in the trap shooting event at the 2012 Summer Olympics taking place in London.	Shagun Chowdhary	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Frank Forberger (March 5, 1943 -- September 30, 1998) was a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Frank Forberger	1968 Summer Olympics	1972 Summer Olympics
participant of	Romário starred for Brazil in their 1994 FIFA World Cup triumph, receiving the FIFA Golden Ball as player of the tournament.	Romário	1994 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Otto Neumann (28 August 1902 -- 12 April 1990) was a German sprinter who competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics.	Otto Neumann	1928 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ārons Bogoļubovs (born December 30, 1938) was a Latvian judoka who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics.	Ārons Bogoļubovs	1964 Summer Olympics
participant of	Lou Yun (simplified Chinese: 楼云; traditional Chinese: 樓雲; pinyin: Lóu Yún; born June 23, 1964 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang) is a retired Chinese gymnast who competed in the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics games, winning the vault twice.	Lou Yun	1988 Summer Olympics
participant of	Walter Frescura (born 12 May 1940) is an Italian former sport shooter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Walter Frescura	1972 Summer Olympics	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Mercedes Coghen Alberdingk-Thijm (born August 2, 1962 in Madrid) is a former field hockey player from Spain, who captained the Women's National Team that won the golden medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics on home soil (Barcelona).	Mercedes Coghen	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Million Wolde (Amharic: ሚሊዮን ወልዴ; born March 17, 1979) is an Ethiopian athlete, winner of the 5000 metres at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Million Wolde	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Andrés Aldama Cabrera (born April 9, 1956) is a retired amateur Cuban boxer, who won the light welterweight silver medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the Welterweight gold medal at the 1980 Summer Olympics.	Andrés Aldama	1976 Summer Olympics	1980 Summer Olympics
participant of	Camillo Müller (born January 2, 1870, date of death unknown) was an Austrian sabre fencer who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Camillo Müller	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	In the next year, Luisão was named in the Brazilian squad for the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup, but did not play a single second, meeting the same fate in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.	Luisão	2006 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Ziad Richa (born September 25, 1967) is a Lebanese skeet shooter who has represented his nation at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, where he finished twenty-ninth out of forty-one shooters in the men's skeet event.	Ziad Richa	2008 Summer Olympics
participant of	Tino Weber (born 12 February 1970 in Merseburg, Sachsen-Anhalt) is a former backstroke swimmer from Germany, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.	Tino Weber	1992 Summer Olympics
participant of	Ryosuke Sakazume (born 21 March 1990) is a competitor for Japan at the 2014 Winter Olympics in short track speed skating events.	Ryosuke Sakazume	2014 Winter Olympics
participant of	Kim Fripp (born 31 October 1952 in Ottawa, Ontario) is a Canadian former ski jumper who competed in the 1976 Winter Olympics.	Kim Fripp	1976 Winter Olympics
participant of	Khaled Al-Eid (born January 2, 1969) is a Saudi Arabian equestrian who won a bronze medal in individual jumping at the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Khaled Al-Eid	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bertrand Cheret (born 23 May 1937) is a French sailor who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.	Bertrand Cheret	1968 Summer Olympics
participant of	Fatuma Roba (born December 18, 1973) is an Ethiopian long distance runner from Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, most known for being the first African woman to win a gold medal in the women's Olympic marathon race at the Atlanta 1996 Summer Olympics.	Fatuma Roba	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Felix McGrath (born March 13, 1963) is an American retired alpine skier who competed in the 1988 Winter Olympics.	Felix McGrath	1988 Winter Olympics
participant of	Heinrich Rischtoff (born February 9, 1865, date of death unknown) was an Austrian foil fencer who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics.	Heinrich Rischtoff	1900 Summer Olympics
participant of	Regina Shotaro (born September 10, 1981) is one of the first athletes from the Federated States of Micronesia to participate in the Olympic Games, in this case the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.	Regina Shotaro	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anouk Leblanc-Boucher (born October 21, 1984, in Prévost, Quebec) is a Canadian short track speed skating athlete at the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Anouk Leblanc-Boucher	2006 Winter Olympics
participant of	Francisco Caballer Soteras (born October 14, 1932) is a former Spanish field hockey player, who won the bronze medal with the Men's National Team at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.	Francisco Caballer	1960 Summer Olympics
participant of	Šimun Katalinić, italianized to Simeone Cattalinich (September 17, 1889 -- March 4, 1977) was a Croatian rower who competed for Italy in the 1924 Summer Olympics.	Šimun Katalinić	1924 Summer Olympics
participant of	Abdelhamid Sadmi (born January 1, 1961) is an Algerian international football defender who played for Algeria in the 1986 FIFA World Cup, as well as the 1984 African Cup of Nations and the 1986 African Cup of Nations.	Abdelhamid Sadmi	1986 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Janina-Kristin Götz (born 10 January 1981) is a German swimmer, who won bronze medal in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Janina-Kristin Götz	2004 Summer Olympics
participant of	Anja von Rekowski (born 13 December 1975 in Celle) is a German former judoka who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics.	Anja von Rekowski	1996 Summer Olympics	2000 Summer Olympics
participant of	Manuel Rosas Sánchez (April 17, 1912 in Mexico City- February 20, 1989), nicknamed Chaquetas, was a Mexican footballer who participated in the 1930 FIFA World Cup.	Manuel Rosas	1930 FIFA World Cup
participant of	Gülcan Mıngır qualified to participate at the 2012 Summer Olympics.	Gülcan Mıngır	2012 Summer Olympics
participant of	Viola Myers (born 1927) is a retired Canadian sprinter who competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics.	Viola Myers	1948 Summer Olympics
participant of	Leonardo Sottani (born 1 November 1973 in Figline Valdarno) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.	Leonardo Sottani	1996 Summer Olympics
participant of	Bronislav Danda (10 January 1930 -- 31 December 2015) was a Czech ice hockey player who competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics, in the 1956 Winter Olympics, and in the 1960 Winter Olympics.	Bronislav Danda	1952 Winter Olympics	1956 Winter Olympics	1960 Winter Olympics
performer	Castro Marín is the thirteenth studio album by the Spanish composer and guitarist Paco de Lucía.	Castro Marín	Paco de Lucía
performer	``Crush (1980 Me)'' is the fourth and final overall single released by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes from his debut studio album, Spin.	Crush (1980 Me)	Darren Hayes
performer	``What Comes After Goodbye'' is a song by the three piece Sheffield group, Respect, written by Walmsley/Robson/Hartley and Philip Oakey.	What Comes After Goodbye	Philip Oakey
performer	En enda gång is a 1992 studio album from Kikki Danielsson & Roosarna.	En enda gång	Kikki Danielsson
performer	No Sound But a Heart was Sheena Easton's ninth studio album, released in 1987 on the EMI America label.	No Sound But a Heart	Sheena Easton
performer	Thug Matrix 3 is the seventh album by hip-hop artist Tragedy Khadafi.	Thug Matrix 3	Tragedy Khadafi
performer	Stahlmania is the fifth studio album by Austrian heavy metal band Stahlhammer released on September 20, 2004.	Stahlmania	Stahlhammer
performer	``Lord, Mr. Ford'' is a song written by Dick Feller and recorded by Jerry Reed.	Lord, Mr. Ford	Jerry Reed
performer	Leave Your Sleep is a double concept album by Natalie Merchant and is her fifth solo album.	Leave Your Sleep	Natalie Merchant
performer	Am Universum is the fifth album by heavy metal band Amorphis.	Am Universum	Amorphis
performer	Canterò is the second album by French singer Amaury Vassili.	Canterò	Amaury Vassili
performer	Sun Set is a box set of various Klaatu rarities, outtakes, demos, live tracks and other recordings from 1973 to 1981.	Sun Set	Klaatu
performer	Chaandan Mein is the third studio album by Indian fusion band Kailasa, released in June 2009 by Sony Music.	Chaandan Mein	Kailasa
performer	``Hang with Me'' is a song by Swedish recording artist Robyn, taken from her sixth studio album, Body Talk Pt. 2 (2010).	Hang with Me	Robyn
performer	Isolation Drills is the twelfth album by Dayton, Ohio indie rock group Guided by Voices.	Isolation Drills	Guided by Voices
performer	One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This is the third studio album by American hard rock band New York Dolls.	One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This	New York Dolls
performer	``Boom Shack-A-Lak'' is a 1993 song by Apache Indian.	Boom Shack-A-Lak	Apache Indian
performer	``Uh Huh'' is the first single by R&B group B2K, from their self-titled debut album.	Uh Huh	B2K
performer	If Tomorrow I Were Leaving for Lhasa, I Wouldn't Stay a Minute More... is the second studio album by American post-punk band Red Temple Spirits.	If Tomorrow I Were Leaving for Lhasa, I Wouldn't Stay a Minute More...	Red Temple Spirits
performer	An Aerial View is an album by ambient musician Oöphoi, which was released in 2008.	An Aerial View	Oöphoi
performer	Shame + A Sin is a blues album by Robert Cray.	Shame + A Sin	Robert Cray
performer	Celtic Instrumentals is a collection of Rawlins Cross' favourite instrumental tracks from their previous CDs plus some newly recorded tunes.	Celtic Instrumentals	Rawlins Cross
performer	Nuclear Fire is the third album by the German heavy metal band Primal Fear.	Nuclear Fire	Primal Fear
performer	``Love Is Holy'' is the first single from Love Is, a 1992 album by Kim Wilde.	Love Is Holy	Kim Wilde
performer	California Bloodlines is the second album by folk musician John Stewart, former member of the Kingston Trio.	California Bloodlines	John Stewart
performer	Chronicles of the Dead is the second and final studio album by Finnish Folk metal band Falchion.	Chronicles of the Dead	Falchion
performer	``Anyone Can Play Guitar'' is a single taken from Radiohead's first album Pablo Honey, released just in advance of the album.	Anyone Can Play Guitar	Radiohead
performer	``Mississippi Girl'' is a song recorded by country music singer Faith Hill.	Mississippi Girl	Faith Hill
performer	Love in the Age of War is the seventh studio album by Canadian new wave group Men Without Hats.	Love in the Age of War	Men Without Hats
performer	A Secret Place is the sixth album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington, Jr., his last studio album for Kudu Records.	A Secret Place	Grover Washington
performer	Dodole is an album by the Serbian noise-rock band Klopka Za Pionira, released in 2009 (see 2009 in music) on the Ne-ton independent label.	Dodole	Klopka Za Pionira
performer	Hard Reyne is the second solo album by Australian singer/songwriter James Reyne.	Hard Reyne	James Reyne
performer	``DJ Play a Love Song'' was the second single (third in the U.S.) off Jamie Foxx's second album, Unpredictable.	DJ Play a Love Song	Jamie Foxx
performer	Haley James Scott (née Haley Bob James) is a fictional character from the CW television series One Tree Hill, portrayed by Bethany Joy Lenz.	Haley James Scott	Bethany Joy Lenz
performer	Just Another Day in Parodies is an album, released in 2000, from country music parodist Cledus T. Judd.	Just Another Day in Parodies	Cledus T. Judd
performer	``Protect Ya Neck'' is the debut single by hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan.	Protect Ya Neck	Wu-Tang Clan
performer	``I Have You'' is a song written by Paul and Gene Nelson, and recorded by American Country music artist Glen Campbell.	I Have You	Glen Campbell
performer	Pink Crustaceans and Good Vibrations is the fifth studio album from Pepper released on July 22, 2008.	Pink Crustaceans and Good Vibrations	Pepper
performer	Dracula - Swing of Death is a rock opera concept album released by Norwegian musicians, singer Jørn Lande and guitarist Trond Holter.	Dracula - Swing of Death	Jørn Lande	Trond Holter
performer	``You Ain't Got Nuthin'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Lil Wayne, released as the first promotional single from his sixth studio album, Tha Carter III (2008).	You Ain't Got Nuthin	Lil Wayne
performer	Viva los tioz (Spanish for Long Live the Unclez) is the 13th album by German hard rock band Böhse Onkelz (Ehvil Unclez).	Viva los tioz	Böhse Onkelz
performer	The Art of the Song is an album by American jazz bassist Charlie Haden and his Quartet West, released in 1999.	The Art of the Song	Charlie Haden
performer	``The Boy Racer'' is a song by Morrissey, released as a single in 1995, the second single to be taken from the album Southpaw Grammar.	The Boy Racer	Morrissey
performer	Turtle Dreams is an album by American composer and vocalist Meredith Monk recorded in 1983 and released on the ECM New Series label.	Turtle Dreams	Meredith Monk
performer	``Walking After You'' is a song by the Foo Fighters and appears on the band's 1997 album The Colour and the Shape.	Walking After You	Foo Fighters
performer	Sailin' Shoes was the second studio album by the American rock band Little Feat, released in 1972.	Sailin' Shoes	Little Feat
performer	``When an Old Cricketer Leaves the Crease'' is a track on the Roy Harper album HQ, a prominent example of cricket poetry.	When an Old Cricketer Leaves the Crease	Roy Harper
performer	Digital Mandala is a psytrance album released in 2003 by Fractal Glider.	Digital Mandala	Fractal Glider
performer	R.O.O.T.S. (short for Route of Overcoming the Struggle) is the second studio album by American rapper, Flo Rida.	R.O.O.T.S.	Flo Rida
performer	``Particle Man'' is a song by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants, released and published in 1990.	Particle Man	They Might Be Giants
performer	Yuki no Iro (ゆきのいろ English: Colors from the snow) is the thirty-fourth single by the Japanese Pop-rock band Porno Graffitti.	Yuki no Iro	Porno Graffitti
performer	Under Rug Swept is the fifth studio album and third internationally released album by Canadian singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette.	Under Rug Swept	Alanis Morissette
performer	Canta a los poetas soviéticos is the eleventh album by the folk music artist Rolando Alarcón.	Canta a los poetas soviéticos	Rolando Alarcón
performer	``No, Not Now'' is a song by Canadian indie rock band Hot Hot Heat and is taken from their first album, Make Up the Breakdown.	No, Not Now	Hot Hot Heat
performer	Love Lives Forever is the sixth and final studio album by American soul singer Minnie Riperton.	Love Lives Forever	Minnie Riperton
performer	Habibi Ana (Arabic: حبيبي أنا‎) is the third studio album from the Lebanese singer Haifa Wehbe released in 2008.	Habibi Ana	Haifa Wehbe
performer	``Number One Spot'' is the second single from rapper Ludacris' 2004 album The Red Light District.	Number One Spot	Ludacris
performer	Revolve, Danger Danger's seventh studio album, marks the return of lead vocalist Ted Poley.	Revolve	Danger Danger
performer	Two decades after the song's release, The Knack sued Run-D.M.C. on the grounds ``It's Tricky'' sampled their song ``My Sharona'' without permission.	It's Tricky	Run-D.M.C.
performer	Quantum Catastrophe is the second studio album by American technical death metal band Brain Drill, released through Metal Blade on May 11, 2010.	Quantum Catastrophe	Brain Drill
performer	Drum 'n' Bass for Papa is an album by the experimental electronic music artist Luke Vibert under his alias of Plug.	Drum 'n' Bass for Papa	Luke Vibert
performer	A Hillbilly Tribute to AC/DC is the first album by American band Hayseed Dixie, released in 2001 (see 2001 in music).	A Hillbilly Tribute to AC/DC	Hayseed Dixie
performer	0304 is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Jewel.	0304	Jewel
performer	``Best Mix of Our Lives'' is the final single from UK band Modern Romance.	Best Mix of Our Lives	Modern Romance
performer	Ejector Seat Reservation is the third studio album by the British alternative rock band, Swervedriver.	Ejector Seat Reservation	Swervedriver
performer	``Since I've Been Loving You'' is a song by the English rock band Led Zeppelin, released in 1970 on the album Led Zeppelin III.	Since I've Been Loving You	Led Zeppelin
performer	The Next Level is the sixth studio album by Punjabi singer Diljit Dosanjh, released on 20 August 2009 worldwide making one of his most successful albums.	The Next Level	Diljit Dosanjh
performer	Get Right with the Man is an album released by American musical duo Van Zant.	Get Right with the Man	Van Zant
performer	``Brand New Cadillac'' is a 1959 12-bar blues song by Vince Taylor, and was originally released as a B-side.	Brand New Cadillac	Vince Taylor
performer	Fuaim Catha is an anarcho-punk album, by the band Oi Polloi.	Fuaim Catha	Oi Polloi
performer	Dreaming Neon Black is the third full-length album released by Seattle progressive metal band Nevermore, and was released through Century Media in 1999.	Dreaming Neon Black	Nevermore
performer	``Where You Lead'' is a song written in 1970 by Carole King and Toni Stern.	Where You Lead	Carole King
performer	D'amore di morte e di altre sciocchezze is a 1996 studio album by Italian singer-songwriter Francesco Guccini.	D'amore di morte e di altre sciocchezze	Francesco Guccini
performer	Ground Dweller is the debut full-length album by Australian post-hardcore band Hands Like Houses.	Ground Dweller	Hands Like Houses
performer	Fully Loaded 2 is the eleventh album by French musician Lord Kossity, released in 2013 on his own label Lord Ko Publishing.	Fully Loaded 2	Lord Kossity
performer	B. Darvill's Wild West Show is the 1999 debut album by Son of Dave.	B. Darvill's Wild West Show	Son of Dave
performer	``Yes, I'm Ready'' is the title of a popular song that was written and originally recorded by Barbara Mason in 1965.	Yes, I'm Ready	Barbara Mason
performer	Rastafari Teach I Everything is Jamaican reggae artist Sizzla's 12th studio album, released on Greensleeves on September 4, 2001.	Rastafari Teach I Everything	Sizzla
performer	Hardcore '81 is an album by the Canadian hardcore punk band D.O.A..	Hardcore '81	D.O.A.
performer	New Rags is an album by Jack DeJohnette released on the German ECM label in 1977.	New Rags	Jack DeJohnette
performer	Joy Ryder is the eighteenth album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter released on Columbia in 1988.	Joy Ryder	Wayne Shorter
performer	Fading West is the ninth studio album by the American alternative rock band Switchfoot, released on January 14, 2014 through Atlantic.	Fading West	Switchfoot
performer	``Live Niguz'', also known by its censored title ``Live!!!'' is a single by Onyx from Def Jam's The Show:	Live Niguz	Onyx
performer	Volume Dois (Volume Two) is the ninth studio album released by the Brazilian rock band Titãs.	Volume Dois	Titãs
performer	Stained Class is the fourth album by British heavy metal group Judas Priest, released in February 1978.	Stained Class	Judas Priest
performer	``This Could Be Anywhere In the World'' is a song recorded by Alexisonfire for their third album Crisis (2006).	This Could Be Anywhere In the World	Alexisonfire
performer	Under a Billion Suns is the seventh album by Mudhoney, released in the USA in March 2006.	Under a Billion Suns	Mudhoney
performer	``50/50 & Lullaby'' is a double A-side single from British R&B singer Lemar, his third single, and the lead single from his debut album Dedicated.	50/50 & Lullaby	Lemar
performer	``We're Not Gonna Sleep Tonight'' is a song by English recording artist Emma Bunton from her debut solo album, A Girl Like Me (2001).	We're Not Gonna Sleep Tonight	Emma Bunton
performer	Everything's Getting Older is an album by Scottish musicians Bill Wells and Aidan Moffat.	Everything's Getting Older	Bill Wells
performer	``The Royal We'' is a single by alternative rock band Silversun Pickups and is the third single from their second album, Swoon.	The Royal We	Silversun Pickups
performer	Shaken by a Low Sound is the second album of progressive bluegrass group Crooked Still.	Shaken by a Low Sound	Crooked Still
performer	Errors in Calculating Odds, Errors in Calculating Value is the fourth album release by indie rock outfit Shorthand Phonetics.	Errors in Calculating Odds, Errors in Calculating Value	Shorthand Phonetics
performer	Clutching at Straws is the fourth studio album by the British neo-progressive rock band Marillion.	Clutching at Straws	Marillion
performer	Two Teardrops is the fifteenth album of country music singer Steve Wariner.	Two Teardrops	Steve Wariner
performer	``Marguerita Time'' is a single released by the British rock band Status Quo in 1983.	Marguerita Time	Status Quo
performer	Bags' Opus is an album by vibraphonist Milt Jackson featuring performances recorded in 1958 and released on the United Artists label.	Bags' Opus	Milt Jackson
performer	Live to Worship is a Christian worship music album by Lincoln Brewster released on May 17, 2000 by Vertical Music.	Live to Worship	Lincoln Brewster
performer	Can't We Fall in Love Again? is the fifth album by American Soul singer-songwriter Phyllis Hyman.	Can't We Fall in Love Again?	Phyllis Hyman
performer	``Narcissistic Cannibal'' is a song from Korn's tenth studio album, The Path of Totality, released as the album's second single.	Narcissistic Cannibal	Korn
performer	Power of the Night is the second full-length album by the American heavy metal band Savatage and was released in 1985.	Power of the Night	Savatage
performer	``Never Leave You'' is a song composed and performed by Tinchy Stryder.	Never Leave You	Tinchy Stryder
performer	The Rising Tied is the debut studio album of hip hop ensemble Fort Minor, the side project by Linkin Park rapper Mike Shinoda.	The Rising Tied	Fort Minor
performer	So Many Days is an album by Julie Doiron, released October 23, 2012 on Aporia Records.	So Many Days	Julie Doiron
performer	Beautiful So Far is the second studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Bertine Zetlitz and was released on September 4, 2000.	Beautiful So Far	Bertine Zetlitz
performer	``From a Window'' is a song written by Paul McCartney, attributed to John Lennon and Paul McCartney, which was recorded by Billy J. Kramer with The Dakotas.	From a Window	Billy J. Kramer	The Dakotas
performer	Heartbeats Accelerating is the sixth album by Kate & Anna McGarrigle, released in 1990.	Heartbeats Accelerating	Kate & Anna McGarrigle
performer	``The Ship Song'' is a song written by Nick Cave (lyrics and music), originally performed by Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds on their 1990 The Good Son album.	The Ship Song	Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
performer	``I Know You're Out There Somewhere'' is a 1988 single by the progressive rock band The Moody Blues.	I Know You're Out There Somewhere	The Moody Blues
performer	A Tale of Two Andres is an album released by Bay Area rappers Andre Nickatina and Mac Dre.	A Tale of Two Andres	Andre Nickatina
performer	I Scream is the second studio album by Nana Kitade.	I Scream	Nana Kitade
performer	Key's in the Mailbox is the twenty fourth studio album released by American country artist Barbara Mandrell.	Key's in the Mailbox	Barbara Mandrell
performer	``Beetlebum'' is a 1997 song by English alternative rock band Blur.	Beetlebum	Blur
performer	``Big Scary Animal'' (also known as ``It's Too Real (Big Scary Animal)'') is a pop song written by Charlotte Caffey, Belinda Carlisle and Ralph Schuckett, produced by Schuckett for Carlisle's fifth studio album Real (1993).	Big Scary Animal	Belinda Carlisle
performer	Povestea mea (meaning My Story in Romanian) is the fifth album by Romanian dance music group DJ Project.	Povestea mea	DJ Project
performer	``The Good Left Undone'' is the third single from Rise Against's fourth full-length album, The Sufferer & the Witness.	The Good Left Undone	Rise Against
performer	Tidal Eyes is the first full-length studio album by American indie band The Queen Killing Kings.	Tidal Eyes	The Queen Killing Kings
performer	Anywhere but Home is the first live album and DVD by the rock band Evanescence, released in 2004.	Anywhere but Home	Evanescence
performer	Božilak (in Macedonian Cyrillic: Божилак, 'Rainbow') is the sixth studio album by Macedonian singer Toše Proeski, released in Macedonian.	Božilak	Toše Proeski
performer	Welcome in Disagio is the fifth album of the Italian alternative rock band Meganoidi, released on April 2012.	Welcome in Disagio	Meganoidi
performer	Gathering Speed is the fourth studio album of the English progressive rock band, Big Big Train.	Gathering Speed	Big Big Train
performer	``Put It On'' is a song recorded by American rapper Big L, and features American rapper Kid Capri.	Put It On	Big L	Kid Capri
performer	``Don't Cry'' is a power ballad by the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, two versions of which were released simultaneously on different albums.	Don't Cry	Guns N' Roses
performer	Want That Life is the ninth studio album by British new wave band The Fixx, released in 2003.	Want That Life	The Fixx
performer	Noch koroche dnya (Russian: Ночь короче дня, lit. Night is Shorter Than Day), is an album by Aria.	Noch koroche dnya	Aria
performer	The Autopsy is the first EP by American rapper C-Bo, released in 1994 on AWOL Records.	The Autopsy	C-Bo
performer	Sounds Good Feels Good is the second studio album by the Australian pop punk band, 5 Seconds of Summer.	Sounds Good Feels Good	5 Seconds of Summer
performer	Various Positions is the seventh studio album by Leonard Cohen, released in December 1984 (and February 1985).	Various Positions	Leonard Cohen
performer	The Last Man to Fly is The Tear Garden's second full release, released five years after the first.	The Last Man to Fly	The Tear Garden
performer	Ultra Feel is an album by Canadian hard rock band Harem Scarem, then known as Rubber.	Ultra Feel	Harem Scarem
performer	``I Found Someone'' is the name of a chart single originally written and composed for Laura Branigan by Michael Bolton and Touch keyboardist Mark Mangold.	I Found Someone	Laura Branigan
performer	``Another Christmas (Old Borego)'' is a Holiday song written and recorded by the alternative rock band Switchfoot.	Another Christmas (Old Borego)	Switchfoot
performer	Beyond Broadway is a 2005 (see 2005 in music) album by Ilse Huizinga.	Beyond Broadway	Ilse Huizinga
performer	``You Do'' is a McAlmont and Butler single, released in November 1995 and part of their debut album The Sound Of...	You Do	McAlmont and Butler
performer	Titanomaquia (Titanomachia) is the seventh album released by Brazilian rock band Titãs.	Titanomaquia	Titãs
performer	``Green Onions'' is an instrumental R&B hit recorded in 1962 by Booker T. & the M.G.'s, ``one of the most popular instrumental rock and soul songs ever.''	Green Onions	Booker T. & the M.G.
performer	``Dark Streets of London'' is the debut single by the London-based Celtic punk band The Pogues, released in 1984.	Dark Streets of London	The Pogues
performer	Soplando is the first album by Dominican Songwriter and musician Juan Luis Guerra and his group 440.	Soplando	Juan Luis Guerra
performer	Dance Naked is the 13th album by American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp released in 1994.	Dance Naked	John Mellencamp
performer	Soya Milk Sea is the first full album by The Broken Broadcast, released on March 8, 2010.	Soya Milk Sea	The Broken Broadcast
performer	Sonic Nurse is the 13th studio album by American alternative rock band Sonic Youth, released on June 8, 2004 by record label Geffen.	Sonic Nurse	Sonic Youth
performer	``Love Will Save the Day'' was the fifth single by American singer-songwriter Whitney Houston from her second multi-platinum studio album Whitney (1987).	Love Will Save the Day	Whitney Houston
performer	``To Holmgard and Beyond'' is the first single of the Finnish Viking metal band Turisas.	To Holmgard and Beyond	Turisas
performer	The Master's Voice is the second album by American improvisational band Unknown Instructors.	The Master's Voice	Unknown Instructors
performer	Gateways to Annihilation is the sixth studio album by the death metal band Morbid Angel.	Gateways to Annihilation	Morbid Angel
performer	``All Matter'' is a song by American recording soul/jazz artist Bilal.	All Matter	Bilal
performer	``Let's Start Again'' is a song by the then five-piece hip-hop group Blazin' Squad, released as a single on 15 June 2009.	Let's Start Again	Blazin' Squad
performer	``Pure Massacre'' is a single released by rock band Silverchair in 1995 and is the second single from their debut album Frogstomp, which was also released in 1995.	Pure Massacre	Silverchair
performer	Acoustic Shards is Buckethead's second special release.	Acoustic Shards	Buckethead
performer	Brent DiCrescenzo from Pitchfork Media praised the abrasive but graceful nature of the album, writing, ``A listen to Downward Is Heavenward actually scrubs off a layer of skin, yet Hum still manage to infuse grace and control into their skyward swirl.''	Downward Is Heavenward	Hum
performer	Espionage Made Easy is the second full-length studio album from Californian hardcore/metalcore band, Cold War.	Espionage Made Easy	Cold War
performer	Animalore is the second full-length album by the American Indie Pop band Via Audio.	Animalore	Via Audio
performer	``After the Lovin''' is a single by Engelbert Humperdinck, composed by Ritchie Adams with lyrics by Alan Bernstein.	After the Lovin'	Engelbert Humperdinck
performer	Ba Man Ghadam Bezan (Persian: با من قدم بزن‎, meaning: Walk With Me), is a single by Iranian singer, Mehran Atash, released in March 23, 2013.	Ba Man Ghadam Bezan	Mehran Atash
performer	These Humble Machines is a compilation album by American electronic musician BT, composed of edited versions of songs from his album These Hopeful Machines.	These Humble Machines	BT
performer	``Close (to the Edit)'' was a single by Art of Noise, released on various formats in May 1984.	Close (to the Edit)	Art of Noise
performer	``Sexed Up'' is a song by British pop singer Robbie Williams, released as the fourth and last single from his album Escapology in late 2003.	Sexed Up	Robbie Williams
performer	Whatever I Say Means I Love You is the fifth studio album released by American country artist Donna Fargo.	Whatever I Say Means I Love You	Donna Fargo
performer	Warriorz is the fourth full-length studio album released by M.O.P., a hip hop duo composed of emcees Billy Danze and Lil' Fame.	Warriorz	M.O.P.
performer	Eat or Die is a 1994 split album by California punk rock bands Bad Religion and NOFX.	Eat or Die	Bad Religion
performer	``(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry'' is a song recorded by pop music duo Eurythmics.	(My My) Baby's Gonna Cry	Eurythmics
performer	``Expresso Love'' is a song written by Dire Straits frontman Mark Knopfler for their third album Making Movies.	Expresso Love	Dire Straits
performer	``Look Heart, No Hands'' is a song written by Trey Bruce and former Amazing Rhythm Aces member Russell Smith, and recorded by American country music artist Randy Travis.	Look Heart, No Hands	Randy Travis
performer	Last of a Dyin' Breed is the fourteenth studio album by American southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd.	Last of a Dyin' Breed	Lynyrd Skynyrd
performer	Waka/Jawaka (also known as Waka/Jawaka - Hot Rats) is the fourth solo album by Frank Zappa, released in July 1972.	Waka/Jawaka	Frank Zappa
performer	The 5% Album is the only solo effort from Brand Nubian member Lord Jamar.	The 5% Album	Lord Jamar
performer	Tysk Hudindustri (Danish for ``German Flesh Industry'') is the third studio album from the Danish heavy metal band Red Warszawa.	Tysk Hudindustri	Red Warszawa
performer	First Love Last Rites is the third album by Cock Robin and was released in 1989 in Europe and 1990 in the USA.	First Love Last Rites	Cock Robin
performer	The Barnacle Cordious is the second full length album by the American experimental metal band Paria.	The Barnacle Cordious	Paria
performer	``No More (Baby I'ma Do Right)'' is the debut single from 3LW's self-titled debut album 3LW.	No More (Baby I'ma Do Right)	3LW
performer	Suspicious Activity? is the fourth studio album by the jazz band The Bad Plus.	Suspicious Activity?	The Bad Plus
performer	``Sunset People'' is a song by American singer Donna Summer taken from her very successful album Bad Girls.	Sunset People	Donna Summer
performer	Pop 'til You Drop! is the third studio album by Swedish pop group A-Teens, released in 2002 exclusively for the U.S. market.	Pop 'til You Drop!	A-Teens
performer	Royal Bed Bouncer is the third album by Dutch progressive rock band Kayak, released in 1975.	Royal Bed Bouncer	Kayak
performer	``Change Ur World'' is the thirteenth single by Japanese boy band KAT-TUN.	Change Ur World	KAT-TUN
performer	``Heavenly Divine'' is a single by Hip Hop group Jedi Mind Tricks, released in the summer of 1999 through the group's self-run label Superegular Recordings .	Heavenly Divine	Jedi Mind Tricks
performer	Luxury of Life is the debut album by the British pop group Five Star.	Luxury of Life	Five Star
performer	The Real Chuckeeboo is the fourth album by British R&B group Loose Ends.	The Real Chuckeeboo	Loose Ends
performer	Carla Espinosa, RN is a fictional character in the American comedy-drama Scrubs, portrayed by Judy Reyes.	Carla Espinosa	Judy Reyes
performer	``Push It Baby'' is the second single of the album Late Night Special by Pretty Ricky.	Push It Baby	Pretty Ricky
performer	Tracking Buffalo Through the Bathtub was the first studio album released by the rock n' roll jam band The Big Wu in 1997.	Tracking Buffalo Through the Bathtub	The Big Wu
performer	``Tell Me What You Dream'' is a song written by Timothy B. Schmit, Josh Leo and Vince Melamed and performed by country group Restless Heart along with saxophonist Warren Hill.	Tell Me What You Dream	Restless Heart
performer	Mondo Garaj is the debut studio album and fourth album by the jazz/rock/funk/fusion/jam band Garaj Mahal.	Mondo Garaj	Garaj Mahal
performer	Super-Sonic Jazz is an album by Sun Ra, recorded in 1956 at RCA Studios, Chicago.	Super-Sonic Jazz	Sun Ra
performer	Mundo guanaco is the first album released by the Argentine heavy metal band Almafuerte.	Mundo guanaco	Almafuerte
performer	``Maybe Tonight'' is a pop song written by Dave Bassett, Jess Cates and Lindy Robbins, produced by Bryon Jones and Adam Reily for Kate DeAraugo's first album A Place I've Never Been (2005).	Maybe Tonight	Kate DeAraugo
performer	``Breathe, Stretch, Shake'' is the second and final single released from Mase's third album, Welcome Back.	Breathe, Stretch, Shake	Mase
performer	``On the Verge of Something Wonderful'' is a song written by Australian singer-songwriter Darren Hayes and Robert Conley for Hayes' third solo album, This Delicate Thing We've Made.	On the Verge of Something Wonderful	Darren Hayes
performer	Embracing the Wind is the fifth album from American new-age pianist Kevin Kern.	Embracing the Wind	Kevin Kern
performer	Moments That Matter is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer Aaron Lines, released on June 12, 2007.	Moments That Matter	Aaron Lines
performer	A World Next Door to Yours is the second studio album released by Johannesburg-based South African Indie band The Parlotones under its Sovereign Entertainment label, released on 28 September 2007.	A World Next Door to Yours	The Parlotones
performer	Bring Your Board!! is the second full album by the Japanese music group Ellegarden.	Bring Your Board!!	Ellegarden
performer	The Mystery of Time is the sixth full-length album by Tobias Sammet's rock opera project Avantasia.	The Mystery of Time	Avantasia
performer	Roll of the Dice is a 1995 studio album by Texas based blues rock band The Fabulous Thunderbirds, their second without Jimmie Vaughan.	Roll of the Dice	The Fabulous Thunderbirds
performer	Pranzo Oltranzista is Mike Patton's second solo project.	Pranzo Oltranzista	Mike Patton
performer	Screaming Symphony (1996) is the fourth full-length studio album by Impellitteri.	Screaming Symphony	Impellitteri
performer	``¿Qué Nos Pasó?'' (``What happened to us?'') is a Latin pop song written by Puerto Rican artist Kany García from her debut album Cualquier Día.	¿Qué Nos Pasó?	Kany García
performer	Brought Back to Life is the third album by the Danish psychobilly band the Nekromantix, released in 1994 by Intermusic Records.	Brought Back to Life	Nekromantix
performer	``Pen & Paper'', otherwise known as ``Pen & Paper (Something Typical)'', is the second single released from The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus' second album, Lonely Road.	Pen & Paper	The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
performer	``Dig In'' is a song by Lenny Kravitz, and the lead single from his sixth studio album, Lenny.	Dig In	Lenny Kravitz
performer	``If Walls Could Talk'' is a song by Celine Dion, which was intended as the final single from her greatest hits album All the Way...	If Walls Could Talk	Celine Dion
performer	Gone with Golson is the fifth album by saxophonist Benny Golson featuring performances recorded in 1959 and originally released on the New Jazz label.	Gone with Golson	Benny Golson
performer	A Mended Rhyme is the fourth album by the Swedish metal band Tad Morose.	A Mended Rhyme	Tad Morose
performer	Summer of Darkness is the second album by American metalcore band Demon Hunter, released through Solid State in 2004.	Summer of Darkness	Demon Hunter
performer	Border Girl is the sixth studio album and first English-language album by Mexican recording artist Paulina Rubio, released on June 18, 2002 by Universal Music Latin.	Border Girl	Paulina Rubio
performer	The Respect Issue is the second album by American deathcore band Emmure.	The Respect Issue	Emmure
performer	``What You Talking About!?'' is a single by Redlight featuring vocals from Ms. Dynamite.	What You Talking About!?	Redlight	Ms. Dynamite
performer	Dancing on the Head of the Serpent is the fifth studio album, and the sixth album overall, by the Swedish hard rock band Jerusalem.	Dancing on the Head of the Serpent	Jerusalem
performer	``Alcohaulin' Ass'' is the second single from the heavy metal band Hellyeah on the album of the same name.	Alcohaulin' Ass	Hellyeah
performer	Ruin a Good Time is the second full-length studio album from New York hardcore punk band, Awkward Thought.	Ruin a Good Time	Awkward Thought
performer	Hairdryer Peace is the 2008 third album by The Hospitals, initially released only on vinyl.	Hairdryer Peace	The Hospitals
performer	Steelbound is a full-length studio album by German heavy metal band Paragon, released in 2001.	Steelbound	Paragon
performer	Imeall (means ``edge'', ``rim'', ``threshold'' in Gaelic) is Irish musician Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh's debut (and to date only) solo album, released physically as a (numbered) limited edition in late 2008 / early 2009 after 20 years of recording with her band Altan.	Imeall	Mairéad Ní Mhaonaigh
performer	``Más Allá'' (en: Beyond) is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as the second single from her second Spanish album Abriendo Puertas.	Más Allá	Gloria Estefan
performer	Harsoinen teräs is the third and final album of Hassisen Kone, released in 1982.	Harsoinen teräs	Hassisen Kone
performer	¿Dónde Están Mis Amigos? is the fourth studio album by Spanish hard rock band Extremoduro.	¿Dónde Están Mis Amigos?	Extremoduro
performer	``Face for the Radio'' is the fifth single to be released by Dundee band The View, and the last to be released from their debut album Hats Off to the Buskers.	Face for the Radio	The View
performer	Songs About Fucking Steve Albini is an album by Electronic music artist Kid606.	Songs About Fucking Steve Albini	Kid606
performer	The Coldest Season is a 2007 album by dub techno duo Echospace (credited on the album as Deepchord Presents Echospace) which is composed of Rod Modell (Deepchord) and Stephen Hitchell.	The Coldest Season	Deepchord
performer	Autoditacker is the third album by German electronica group Mouse on Mars, released in August of 1997.	Autoditacker	Mouse on Mars
performer	Chim Chim's Badass Revenge is the fifth full-length album and concept album from alternative rock band Fishbone.	Chim Chim's Badass Revenge	Fishbone
performer	Somewhere on the Other Side of Nowhere is the sixth studio album by Powerman 5000 returning to their more traditional industrial metal sound, following their punk oriented 2006 album Destroy What You Enjoy.	Somewhere on the Other Side of Nowhere	Powerman 5000
performer	Dark Days in Paradise is a 1997 album by blues-rock guitarist and vocalist Gary Moore.	Dark Days in Paradise	Gary Moore
performer	``Why Won't You Make Up Your Mind?'' is a song by the Australian psychedelic rock band Tame Impala, released as a single in 2011.	Why Won't You Make Up Your Mind?	Tame Impala
performer	Une Année is the first full-length studio album by South Korean girl group Apink.	Une Année	Apink
performer	Love It to Death is the third album by the American rock band Alice Cooper, released in March 1971.	Love It to Death	Alice Cooper
performer	``Hot (I Need To Be Loved, Loved, Loved, Loved)'', also known as ``Hot (I Need to Be Loved, Loved, Loved)'', is a funk song by James Brown.	Hot (I Need to Be Loved, Loved, Loved)	James Brown
performer	Andy Nogger is the third album by the German Krautrock band Kraan.	Andy Nogger	Kraan
performer	``Quiero Verte Más'' is the first single from the second studio album Buen Soldado by American-born Chilean singer and songwriter Francisca Valenzuela.	Quiero Verte Más	Francisca Valenzuela
performer	The Director's Cut is the second album by American musical supergroup Fantômas.	The Director's Cut	Fantômas
performer	``The Balkan Girls'' is a song by Romanian artist Elena Gheorghe and was the Romanian entry in the 2009 Eurovision Song Contest.	The Balkan Girls	Elena Gheorghe
performer	``Hurt Feelings'' is the first single from I Told You I Was Freaky, the second album from Flight of the Conchords.	Hurt Feelings	Flight of the Conchords
performer	Adicción, Tradición, Revolución is the Voodoo Glow Skulls' seventh full-length album.	Adicción, Tradición, Revolución	Voodoo Glow Skulls
performer	Dandy in the Underworld is the twelfth and final studio album by English glam rock rock act T. Rex.	Dandy in the Underworld	T. Rex
performer	Chicago Wind is an album by American country singer and songwriter Merle Haggard, released in 2005.	Chicago Wind	Merle Haggard
performer	Wind in the Wires is the second studio album by English-Irish singer-songwriter Patrick Wolf.	Wind in the Wires	Patrick Wolf
performer	Blank-Wave Arcade is the second studio album by the new wave band The Faint.	Blank-Wave Arcade	The Faint
performer	``Love Long Distance'' is the second single taken from Music for Men, the fourth studio album by Gossip and was released on September 13, 2009 in the U.S. It quotes the refrain from the song ``I Heard It Through the Grapevine'' by Marvin Gaye.	Love Long Distance	Gossip
performer	``We Are the Heroes'' is a song by Belarusian-Italian band Litesound.	We Are the Heroes	Litesound
performer	``Put Your Hand in Mine'' is a song written by Skip Ewing and Jimmy Wayne (under his birth name, Jimmy Wayne Barber), and recorded by American country music singer Tracy Byrd.	Put Your Hand in Mine	Tracy Byrd
performer	The World as We Know It is the second studio album by The Morning Of, released on January 29, 2008.	The World as We Know It	The Morning Of
performer	Every Red Heart Shines Toward the Red Sun is the second studio album by post-rock band Red Sparowes, released in September 2006.	Every Red Heart Shines Toward the Red Sun	Red Sparowes
performer	One Wing is the fifth and final studio album by the American metal band The Chariot.	One Wing	The Chariot
performer	You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter is the first full-length album by American experimental band I Set My Friends On Fire.	You Can't Spell Slaughter Without Laughter	I Set My Friends On Fire
performer	``Regarde-moi (teste-moi, déteste-moi)'' is a song recorded by French singer Priscilla Betti.	Regarde-moi (teste-moi, déteste-moi)	Priscilla Betti
performer	``I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)'' is a 1964 song by Bob Dylan, from his fourth studio album, Another Side of Bob Dylan.	I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)	Bob Dylan
performer	``Do It to It'' is the lead single from girl group Cherish's album Unappreciated.	Do It to It	Cherish
performer	Mange Tout is the second album by the British synthpop duo Blancmange.	Mange Tout	Blancmange
performer	``Jaan Pehechan Ho'' is a popular Indian rock & roll song, composed by famous Indian music director duo Shankar Jaikishan, lyrics by Shailendra, and sung by Mohammed Rafi.	Jaan Pehechan Ho	Mohammed Rafi
performer	Tweekend is the second album by American duo The Crystal Method, released in 2001.	Tweekend	The Crystal Method
performer	Sirens of the Ditch was the first solo album released by singer-songwriter and former Drive-By Truckers lead guitarist, Jason Isbell.	Sirens of the Ditch	Jason Isbell
performer	``Crystal Blue Persuasion'' is a 1968 song originally recorded by Tommy James and the Shondells and composed by Eddie Gray, Tommy James and Mike Vale.	Crystal Blue Persuasion	Tommy James and the Shondells
performer	Songs for Clem is an album by Canadian singer-songwriter by Sarah Harmer, credited to Harmer and Jason Euringer, and released in 1999.	Songs for Clem	Sarah Harmer
performer	Street Singer is a hard bop album jointly led by tenor Tina Brooks and alto Jackie McLean, released on the Japanese Blue Note label in 1980.	Street Singer	Tina Brooks
performer	``You'll Be Mine (Party Time)'' is a song by Gloria Estefan, released as the second single from her seventh studio album Destiny, in 1996.	You'll Be Mine (Party Time)	Gloria Estefan
performer	The Boss Is Back! is an album by saxophonist Gene Ammons recorded in 1969 and released on the Prestige label.	The Boss Is Back!	Gene Ammons
performer	``Said It All'' is the fourth single from British group Take That to be taken from their fifth studio album, The Circus.	Said It All	Take That
performer	Da Granto Farò il Cantanto (Italian for ``When I grow up, I'll be a singer'') is the third studio album release by Neapolitan parody singer-songwriter Tony Tammaro.	Da Granto Farò il Cantanto	Tony Tammaro
performer	Have Yourself a Soulful Little Christmas is an album of Christmas music by guitarist Kenny Burrell recorded in 1966 and released on the Cadet label.	Have Yourself a Soulful Little Christmas	Kenny Burrell
performer	Trade Test Transmissions is the fourth studio album by English pop punk band Buzzcocks.	Trade Test Transmissions	Buzzcocks
performer	Not Music is the tenth studio album by Stereolab, released in November 2010.	Not Music	Stereolab
performer	Dance and Dense Denso is Mexican band Molotov's third LP, released in 2003 through Universal Music Latino.	Dance and Dense Denso	Molotov
performer	Parisian Solos is an album by pianist Jaki Byard recorded in 1971 and released on the Futura label.	Parisian Solos	Jaki Byard
performer	SDS Sessions V.1 is the first live EP from American rock band Julien-K, recorded on August 9, 2011 at the Clouds Hill Studio in Hamburg, Germany.	SDS Sessions V.1	Julien-K
performer	Sweet Robots Against the Machine is the eponymous debut album from Sweet Robots Against the Machine, pseudonym for Japanese electronic musician Towa Tei, released in 1999 in Japan only on EastWest Records.	Sweet Robots Against the Machine	Towa Tei
performer	Lost Jewlry is the twelfth mixtape by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan member Raekwon.	Lost Jewlry	Raekwon
performer	``Processed Beats'' is the third fully released single from Kasabian.	Processed Beats	Kasabian
performer	``When Love Breaks Down'' is a single released by the British rock group Prefab Sprout in 1984.	When Love Breaks Down	Prefab Sprout
performer	Between Waves is the fourth studio album by Portuguese pop--rock singer David Fonseca.	Between Waves	David Fonseca
performer	Sounds of the Animal Kingdom is the fourth studio album by grindcore band Brutal Truth.	Sounds of the Animal Kingdom	Brutal Truth
performer	The Merciless is an album by the Norwegian black/thrash metal band Aura Noir.	The Merciless	Aura Noir
performer	Let's Get the Mood Right is the 5th album by singer Johnny Gill released in 1996.	Let's Get the Mood Right	Johnny Gill
performer	``Hier Encore'', whose original French title translates as ``Only Yesterday'', is a song written by Charles Aznavour and released in September 1964.	Hier Encore	Charles Aznavour
performer	``Walking the Dog'' (or ``Walkin' the Dog'') is a Rufus Thomas song.	Walking the Dog	Rufus Thomas
performer	``Nothin' Shakin' (But the Leaves on the Trees)'' is a song written by Eddie Fontaine, Cirino Colacrai, Diane Lampert and John Gluck, Jr., and first released by Eddie Fontaine in 1958.	Nothin' Shakin' (But the Leaves on the Trees)	Eddie Fontaine
performer	``Think About Me'' is a song by British-American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released in March 1980.	Think About Me	Fleetwood Mac
performer	``How U Get a Record Deal?'' is the lead single released from Big Daddy Kane's fifth studio album, Looks Like a Job For....	How U Get a Record Deal?	Big Daddy Kane
performer	``Terminal Frost'' is an instrumental from Pink Floyd's 1987 album, A Momentary Lapse of Reason.	Terminal Frost	Pink Floyd
performer	Dancin' on the Edge is second solo album by Lita Ford.	Dancin' on the Edge	Lita Ford
performer	Remek depo is the only album by the Serbian and former Yugoslav synthpop band Beograd.	Remek depo	Beograd
performer	What You Want Is Now is the first full-length album from the Christian rock band House of Heroes.	What You Want Is Now	House of Heroes
performer	Gentle Men is an album released in 1997 by English folk singers Roy Bailey and Robb Johnson in collaboration with Belgian singer Vera Coomans and Belgian jazz band Koen De Cauter and the Golden Serenaders.	Gentle Men	Roy Bailey
performer	``Batter Up'' is a single by American rapper Nelly and the St. Lunatics, released on September 11, 2001.	Batter Up	Nelly	St. Lunatics
performer	Roy's Got Rhythm is an album by American jazz trumpeter Roy Eldridge featuring tracks recorded in Sweden in 1951 and released on the EmArcy label.	Roy's Got Rhythm	Roy Eldridge
performer	And the Music Speaks is the second album by All-4-One, released on June 6, 1995.	And the Music Speaks	All-4-One
performer	Jackson 5 Christmas Album was the fourth studio album (and only holiday album) by Motown family quintet The Jackson 5, released in October 1970.	Jackson 5 Christmas Album	The Jackson 5
performer	Happy Birthday! is an album by German electronic duo Modeselektor, and was released on September 10, 2007.	Happy Birthday!	Modeselektor
performer	``Justboy'' is a song by Biffy Clyro from their 2002 debut album, Blackened Sky.	Justboy	Biffy Clyro
performer	Going Public is the fifth studio album by Christian pop rock band Newsboys, released in 1994.	Going Public	Newsboys
performer	Seminal Live is a 1989 album by British rock band The Fall, recorded partly in the studio and partly at live performances in 1988.	Seminal Live	The Fall
performer	Massive Addictive is the third studio album by the Swedish/Danish metal band Amaranthe.	Massive Addictive	Amaranthe
performer	``Enough of No Love'' is a song by Grammy-nominated American R&B singer-songwriter Keyshia Cole.	Enough of No Love	Keyshia Cole
performer	The Rhythm of the Saints is the eighth solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Paul Simon, released on October 16, 1990 on Warner Bros. Like its predecessor, Graceland (1986), the album gained commercial success and received mostly favorable reviews from critics.	The Rhythm of the Saints	Paul Simon
performer	``Mic Checka'' is a song by American hip hop group Das EFX recorded for their debut album Dead Serious (1992).	Mic Checka	Das EFX
performer	``She's like a Star'' is a song written, produced and performed by British singer and songwriter Taio Cruz.	She's like a Star	Taio Cruz
performer	``Sopa de Caracol'' (``Conch Soup'') is a song performed by Honduran musical ensemble Banda Blanca.	Sopa de Caracol	Banda Blanca
performer	``Cry to Me'' is a song written by Bert Russell a/k/a Bert Berns, first recorded under the production of Bert Berns by Solomon Burke, who released the song in 1962.	Cry to Me	Solomon Burke
performer	Scottie Plays the Duke is the third album by organist Shirley Scott released on the Prestige label.	Scottie Plays the Duke	Shirley Scott
performer	``You Gave Me the Answer'' is a song written by Paul McCartney for the Wings album Venus and Mars.	You Gave Me the Answer	Wings
performer	Get Wiser is the fourth studio album by the reggae band SOJA that was released in January 2006.	Get Wiser	SOJA
performer	Next! is the third studio album by German reggae fusion band Seeed.	Next!	Seeed
performer	``Entre el Amor y los Halagos'' (English: ``Between Love and Flattery'') is the third single from Ricky Martin's second solo album Me Amarás.	Entre el Amor y los Halagos	Ricky Martin
performer	A Song is an in-studio album containing the works of American pop star Neil Sedaka.	A Song	Neil Sedaka
performer	Somethin' Slick!' is an album by organist Jack McDuff recorded in 1963 and released on the Prestige label.	Somethin' Slick!	Jack McDuff
performer	The Inner Beauty Movement is the second studio album of American R&B singer, Lina.	The Inner Beauty Movement	Lina
performer	What Have You Done Today Mervyn Day? is a fan club only release by Saint Etienne featuring 18 original and unreleased pieces of music that featured in their film of the same name about the redevelopment of the Lower Lea Valley in London.	What Have You Done Today Mervyn Day?	Saint Etienne
performer	Velvet Lined Shell is a 6 track mini-album by Toyah Willcox.	Velvet Lined Shell	Toyah Willcox
performer	``Love So Sweet'' is a Japanese song, and the eighteenth single, by the Japanese boy band Arashi.	Love So Sweet	Arashi
performer	``To & Fro'' is a single from Mattafix's debut album, Signs of a Struggle, released in 2005.	To & Fro	Mattafix
performer	Hope in a Darkened Heart is a 1986 album by Virginia Astley, produced, primarily, by Japanese musician and composer Ryuichi Sakamoto.	Hope in a Darkened Heart	Virginia Astley
performer	Enemies of Reality is the fifth album by American progressive metal band Nevermore, released in 2003 by Century Media records.	Enemies of Reality	Nevermore
performer	4th Degree Burn is the first album by rock band Slapshock, released in 1999.	4th Degree Burn	Slapshock
performer	``Baby Lemonade'' is the opening track to Syd Barrett's second studio album, Barrett.	Baby Lemonade	Syd Barrett
performer	Feel the Wind is an album by trumpeter Freddie Hubbard and drummer Art Blakey recorded in November 1988 and released on the Timeless label.	Feel the Wind	Freddie Hubbard
performer	Above the Ground is the eighth studio album by Burton Cummings released in late 2008 on Sony Music Entertainment Canada.	Above the Ground	Burton Cummings
performer	Sick Society is the sixth studio album of the American heavy metal band Chastain, released in 1995 through Leviathan Records.	Sick Society	Chastain
performer	``The World We Knew (Over and Over)'' is a popular song recorded by Frank Sinatra in 1967.	The World We Knew (Over and Over)	Frank Sinatra
performer	``I'm So Excited'' is a song performed by American recording artists The Pointer Sisters.	I'm So Excited	The Pointer Sisters
performer	``He Sleeps in a Grove'' is a song of Finnish symphonic power metal band Amberian Dawn's second studio album The Clouds of Northland Thunder, and the first single from the album.	He Sleeps in a Grove	Amberian Dawn
performer	E.I.N.S. (German for O.N.E.) is the German Hard rock band Böhse Onkelz 12th album.	E.I.N.S.	Böhse Onkelz
performer	Circus Bar is the second solo album by former singer of Bad Company Brian Howe.	Circus Bar	Brian Howe
performer	Secrets Keep You Sick is the second studio album by the Chicago-based rock band The Fold.	Secrets Keep You Sick	The Fold
performer	Fart and Wiener Jokes is a comedy-metal album by comedian Brian Posehn containing stand-up comedies and two metal songs.	Fart and Wiener Jokes	Brian Posehn
performer	``Lazy Love'' is a song by American recording artist Ne-Yo, premiere online on May 14, 2012.	Lazy Love	Ne-Yo
performer	Hard Rock Bottom is the sixth studio album by punk rock band No Use for a Name, released on June 16, 2002.	Hard Rock Bottom	No Use for a Name
performer	Come On Over to the Other Side is the second studio album released by the Norwegian band The National Bank.	Come On Over to the Other Side	The National Bank
performer	Dalla Bussola is an album by Italian singer Mina, including a concert on September 16, 1972 at Bussola nightclub, Tuscany.	Dalla Bussola	Mina
performer	Proof of Youth is the second studio album by Brighton band The Go! Team.	Proof of Youth	The Go! Team
performer	``Silly Sally'' is a song by Iron Butterfly that was released as a single in 1971 after the departure of Doug Ingle.	Silly Sally	Iron Butterfly
performer	Coma of Souls is the fifth studio album by German thrash metal band Kreator, released in 1990.	Coma of Souls	Kreator
performer	God Forgives, I Don't is the fifth studio album by American rapper Rick Ross, released on July 30, 2012, by Maybach Music Group, Slip-n-Slide Records and Def Jam.	God Forgives, I Don't	Rick Ross
performer	``Battle in Me'' is a song from alternative rock band Garbage's fifth studio album Not Your Kind of People, and was released as the lead single to promote the album in United Kingdom.	Battle in Me	Garbage
performer	Cantando Histórias is a Latin Grammy winning album by Ivan Lins.	Cantando Histórias	Ivan Lins
performer	This Can't Be Life is the second album for American Alternative band Wild Colonials, released in 1996 (see 1996 in music).	This Can't Be Life	Wild Colonials
performer	The Pack Is Back is the fifth full-length album by the English heavy metal band Raven, released in 1986 (see 1986 in music).	The Pack Is Back	Raven
performer	``Pop Song 89'' was the opening track and third single released from R.E.M.'s sixth studio album Green.	Pop Song 89	R.E.M.
performer	Heckler's Hop is a 1995 compilation album collecting work from the mid- to late-1930s by jazz trumpet-player Roy Eldridge.	Heckler's Hop	Roy Eldridge
performer	Greatest Hits Plus is the first Greatest Hits compilation by Country Music artist Ricky Van Shelton.	Greatest Hits Plus	Ricky Van Shelton
performer	``Corazón Espinado'' (English: ``Thorned Heart'') is a song by Santana and the Latin rock group Maná.	Corazón Espinado	Santana	Maná
performer	``I Wanna Be Where You Are'' is a song written by Arthur ``T-Boy'' Ross and Leon Ware for Michael Jackson, who took the song to number 7 in Cash Box and number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.	I Wanna Be Where You Are	Michael Jackson
performer	Insinity is the third studio album by Brazilian hard rock band Dr. Sin, released in 1997.	Insinity	Dr. Sin
performer	Number One Beautiful is the debut album from On Broken Wings, released in 2001.	Number One Beautiful	On Broken Wings
performer	The Dark Discovery is the debut album by Swedish progressive metal band Evergrey.	The Dark Discovery	Evergrey
performer	``Sinkin' Soon'' is a song written by Norah Jones and Lee Alexander, and is the second single from Jones's third solo album, Not Too Late (2007).	Sinkin' Soon	Norah Jones
performer	USA Union is a 1970 album by blues musician John Mayall, featuring Harvey Mandel on guitar, Larry Taylor on bass and Don ``Sugarcane'' Harris on violin.	USA Union	John Mayall
performer	To Sail, to Sail is a studio album of acoustic guitar solos by English guitarist, composer and improvisor Fred Frith.	To Sail, to Sail	Fred Frith
performer	Love or Something Like It is the fourth solo album by country music superstar Kenny Rogers, released in 1978.	Love or Something Like It	Kenny Rogers
performer	Indocumentado (Undocumented) (1992) is the ninth studio album by Mexican Rock, Blues band El Tri.	Indocumentado	El Tri
performer	Deeper Water, the tenth studio album by Paul Kelly, was released on 12 September 1995 on White Label Records in Australia and on Vanguard Records in North America.	Deeper Water	Paul Kelly
performer	Every Good Boy Deserves Favour is the seventh album by The Moody Blues, released in 1971.	Every Good Boy Deserves Favour	The Moody Blues
performer	Forbidden Blues is an album by American guitarist James Blood Ulmer recorded in 1996 and released on the Japanese DIW label in 1998.	Forbidden Blues	James Blood Ulmer
performer	One in the Sun is credited as the only solo album by Steve Gaines, best known as the guitarist for Lynyrd Skynyrd.	One in the Sun	Steve Gaines
performer	Really Big! is the second album by saxophonist Jimmy Heath featuring big band performances recorded in 1960 originally released on the Riverside label.	Really Big!	Jimmy Heath
performer	From Whence Came the Cowboy is the fifth album from the Sons of the San Joaquin and the third and final for the Warner Western label.	From Whence Came the Cowboy	Sons of the San Joaquin
performer	Charm and Arrogance was the second album from Irish alternative band Toasted Heretic.	Charm and Arrogance	Toasted Heretic
performer	It Won't Be the Last is the second studio album released by country music artist Billy Ray Cyrus.	It Won't Be the Last	Billy Ray Cyrus
performer	``Suffocating Under Words of Sorrow (What Can I Do)'' is the second single from Welsh metalcore band Bullet for My Valentine, from their debut album, The Poison.	Suffocating Under Words of Sorrow (What Can I Do)	Bullet for My Valentine
performer	The Dream Weaver is a hit solo album by one-time Spooky Tooth keyboard player Gary Wright released in June 1975.	The Dream Weaver	Gary Wright
performer	Plow to the End of the Row is the 2004 debut album by Nashville, Tennessee-based singer/songwriter Adrienne Young and her band, Little Sadie.	Plow to the End of the Row	Adrienne Young
performer	Whenever We Wanted is American singer-songwriter and musician John Mellencamp's 11th album, and the first to be credited simply to Mellencamp's given name (i.e., without the ``Cougar'' name).	Whenever We Wanted	John Mellencamp
performer	``Strong Again'' is a song by English hip hop trio, N-Dubz.	Strong Again	N-Dubz
performer	L'arca di Noè (Italian for ``Noah's Ark'', Italian pronunciation: (ˈlarka di noˈɛ)) is an album by the Italian singer-songwriter Franco Battiato.	L'arca di Noè	Franco Battiato
performer	``I'm In'' is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Radney Foster.	I'm In	Radney Foster
performer	Batztoutai with Material Gadgets, subtitled De-Composed Works 1985~86, is a double album by the Japanese noise musician Merzbow.	Batztoutai with Material Gadgets	Merzbow
performer	Be the Twilight is the second album released by Sydney-based Australian band, Faker.	Be the Twilight	Faker
performer	The True Meaning is the second studio album by Queensbridge rapper Cormega.	The True Meaning	Cormega
performer	Put Me in Your Mix is a 1991 album by R&B singer Barry White.	Put Me in Your Mix	Barry White
performer	``Incancellabile'' (English: Unforgettable) is a song written by Cheope, Marco Marati and Angelo Valsiglio and recorded by Italian singer Laura Pausini.	Incancellabile	Laura Pausini
performer	Meeting on Southern Soil is an album by Norman Blake and Peter Ostroushko, released in 2002.	Meeting on Southern Soil	Norman Blake
performer	Favorite Songs of All is Phillips, Craig and Dean's sixth album and first greatest hits collection.	Favorite Songs of All	Phillips, Craig and Dean
performer	In the Search of Solid Gold is the first and only album released from post rock band, Junior Blue.	In the Search of Solid Gold	Junior Blue
performer	Winter into Spring is the third solo album of pianist George Winston, released in 1982.	Winter into Spring	George Winston
performer	``Smalltown Boy'' is a 1984 song by the British synthpop group Bronski Beat.	Smalltown Boy	Bronski Beat
performer	``Fool's Overture'' is the closing track from Supertramp's 1977 album Even in the Quietest Moments....	Fool's Overture	Supertramp
performer	Unholy Savior is the third full-length album recorded by the heavy metal band Battle Beast, released in January 2015.	Unholy Savior	Battle Beast
performer	``Show Me the Way Back to Your Heart'' is the first and last promotional and fifth overall single released by Gloria Estefan from her seventh studio album Destiny.	Show Me the Way Back to Your Heart	Gloria Estefan
performer	Little Niles is an album by American jazz pianist Randy Weston recorded in 1958 and originally released on the United Artists label.	Little Niles	Randy Weston
performer	Ton-Ton Macoute! is the 1970 album by Johnny Jenkins, a former bandleader who first hired Otis Redding in his band, The Pinetoppers, as a singer.	Ton-Ton Macoute!	Johnny Jenkins
performer	``A Fool in Love'' is the debut single for the team of Ike & Tina Turner.	A Fool in Love	Ike & Tina Turner
performer	``We Don't Make the Wind Blow'' is a song by Dutch duo The Common Linnets.	We Don't Make the Wind Blow	The Common Linnets
performer	Diamonds On the Inside is a 2003 album by American singer-songwriter Ben Harper.	Diamonds On the Inside	Ben Harper
performer	Sunshine Lies is the tenth studio album by alternative rock musician Matthew Sweet.	Sunshine Lies	Matthew Sweet
performer	All On Our Own is New Zealand band Midnight Youth's second single from their debut album, The Brave Don't Run.	All On Our Own	Midnight Youth
performer	``Many of Horror'' is an alternative rock song written by Simon Neil of Scottish band Biffy Clyro for their fifth studio album Only Revolutions.	Many of Horror	Biffy Clyro
performer	``Shed a Tear'' was a single by Wet Wet Wet recorded especially for their first greatest-hits album, End of Part One.	Shed a Tear	Wet Wet Wet
performer	``Selfish Jean'' is a song by Scottish alternative rock band Travis, released as the second single from their fifth studio album, The Boy with No Name on 9 July 2007.	Selfish Jean	Travis
performer	Psyence Fiction is the debut album by the group Unkle, released in 1998 for Mo'Wax.	Psyence Fiction	Unkle
performer	``Keep On Dreaming'' is a song recorded by Canadian country music group Prairie Oyster.	Keep On Dreaming	Prairie Oyster
performer	Remember the Future is the fourth album from English progressive rock band Nektar.	Remember the Future	Nektar
performer	The Art of Rebellion is the sixth studio album by American crossover thrash band Suicidal Tendencies.	The Art of Rebellion	Suicidal Tendencies
performer	Lalo = Brilliance (subtitled The Piano of Lalo Schifrin) is an album by Argentine composer, pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1962 and released on the Roulette label.	Lalo = Brilliance	Lalo Schifrin
performer	``America Kicks Ass'' is a song by avant-garde band King Missile.	America Kicks Ass	King Missile
performer	Decision in Paradise is an album by Frank Lowe recorded in 1984 and released on the Soul Note label.	Decision in Paradise	Frank Lowe
performer	``I'll Do 4 U'' is a song by American hip hop artist Father MC, and features R&B artist Mary J. Blige.	I'll Do 4 U	Father MC	Mary J. Blige
performer	Day I Forgot is the second studio album by Pete Yorn, released on April 15, 2003.	Day I Forgot	Pete Yorn
performer	``I Need a House'' is the second single by Swedish pop music singer Marie Serneholt released from her debut album Enjoy the Ride.	I Need a House	Marie Serneholt
performer	Music for Films Volume 2 is an album by Brian Eno, Daniel Lanois, and Roger Eno.	Music for Films Volume 2	Brian Eno
performer	Figwit is a fan-created name for an unnamed Elven escort in Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, played by actor and musician Bret McKenzie of Flight of the Conchords fame.	Figwit	Bret McKenzie
performer	13000krát is the Misha's third studio album, released in 2007.	13000krát	Misha
performer	In Abhorrence Dementia is the second studio album by the Norwegian symphonic black metal band Limbonic Art released in 1997 through Nocturnal Art Productions.	In Abhorrence Dementia	Limbonic Art
performer	``Easier Said Than Done'' is a popular song sung by The Essex that was a number-one song in the United States during 1963.	Easier Said Than Done	The Essex
performer	Nevermind is the second studio album by the American rock band Nirvana, released on September 24, 1991.	Nevermind	Nirvana
performer	First Impressions of Earth is the third studio album by the American indie rock band The Strokes.	First Impressions of Earth	The Strokes
performer	``Losing a Friend'' is a Nylon single.	Losing a Friend	Nylon
performer	Made in zhopa (Russian: Маде ин жопа) is the fourth album by the Russian ska punk group Leningrad.	Made in zhopa	Leningrad
performer	``People of the Sky'' is a song by the Canadian rock band Sloan, released as the second single from the band's second studio album Twice Removed in 1994.	People of the Sky	Sloan
performer	``Let's Go Surfing'' is the debut single by American band, The Drums, to be released from their self-titled debut album.	Let's Go Surfing	The Drums
performer	Istället för vykort (English: Instead of postcard) is studio album by the Swedish-Dutch folk singer-songwriter Cornelis Vreeswijk.	Istället för vykort	Cornelis Vreeswijk
performer	``Love U 4 Life'' is a song by American R&B group Jodeci recorded for their third album The Show, the After Party, the Hotel (1995).	Love U 4 Life	Jodeci
performer	``Turn On, Tune In, Cop Out'' was the biggest hit single for Norman Cook's dance-jazz group, Freak Power, released in 1993 as a single.	Turn On, Tune In, Cop Out	Freak Power
performer	Survival Skills is the collaborative album from MC KRS-One and Buckshot.	Survival Skills	KRS-One
performer	Jesus Urge Superstar is the debut studio album by the alternative rock band Urge Overkill.	Jesus Urge Superstar	Urge Overkill
performer	``Be Still My Beating Heart'' is a song by Sting, from his second studio album ...	Be Still My Beating Heart	Sting
performer	``Long, Long Way from Home'' is the third single taken from the album, Foreigner by the band, Foreigner.	Long, Long Way from Home	Foreigner
performer	Mind Travel is the third studio album by Japanese pop-rock band Superfly, the first studio album from the group fronted by Shiho Ochi in nearly two years.	Mind Travel	Superfly
performer	Outer South is the fifth solo studio album by American musician Conor Oberst and the second to be credited to Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band.	Outer South	Conor Oberst and the Mystic Valley Band
performer	Twice Born Men is an album by English experimental rock band Sweet Billy Pilgrim.	Twice Born Men	Sweet Billy Pilgrim
performer	Som stormen is a song written by Lars Diedricson, Carina Bergsman Danielsson and Eddie Jonsson, and performed by Sara Löfgren at Melodifestivalen 2004.	Som stormen	Sara Löfgren
performer	Confederacy of Ruined Lives is sludge metal band Eyehategod's fourth album, released on September 19, 2000.	Confederacy of Ruined Lives	Eyehategod
performer	``Don't Gotta Work It Out'' is a song by the American band Fitz and The Tantrums from their debut studio album, Pickin' Up the Pieces.	Don't Gotta Work It Out	Fitz and The Tantrums
performer	Don't Worry About Me is the first album released by Joey Ramone as a solo artist, although he previously had many releases with the Ramones as their lead singer.	Don't Worry About Me	Joey Ramone
performer	Losers Weepers is the tenth studio album by American Blues artist Etta James, released in 1971.	Losers Weepers	Etta James
performer	``Who Would Have Thought'' is a song written by Darren Hayes and Guy Chambers, for Hayes' third solo album This Delicate Thing We've Made, released as a limited-edition 7`` vinyl and digital download alongside the ''Me, Myself and (I)`` single release.	Who Would Have Thought	Darren Hayes
performer	Censored Colors is the third full length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal. The Man.	Censored Colors	Portugal. The Man
performer	Komputer Muzik is the debut studio album from Malaysian singer Francissca Peter released in 1984.	Komputer Muzik	Francissca Peter
performer	``What You Are'' is the fifth single by American rock band Audioslave, and the final single from their self-titled debut.	What You Are	Audioslave
performer	N'ssi N'ssi is a studio album from Algerian raï artist Khaled, produced by Don Was and Philippe Eidel.	N'ssi N'ssi	Khaled
performer	Wave of Heat is the eleventh studio album by former Guns N' Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin, released only on iTunes in 2010.	Wave of Heat	Izzy Stradlin
performer	One for the Kids is the third studio album by American pop punk band Yellowcard.	One for the Kids	Yellowcard
performer	``This Guitar (Can't Keep from Crying)'' is a song by English musician George Harrison, released on his 1975 studio album Extra Texture (Read All About It).	This Guitar (Can't Keep from Crying)	George Harrison
performer	Mad for Music is the fourth studio album by Italian singer Alexia released in 2001, and would be her final studio album to be sung exclusively in English.	Mad for Music	Alexia
performer	``Maybe I'm a Leo'' is a song by the British rock group Deep Purple, from their 1972 album Machine Head.	Maybe I'm a Leo	Deep Purple
performer	Juju Music is the 1982 major label debut of Nigerian jùjú band King Sunny Adé and His African Beats.	Juju Music	King Sunny Adé
performer	``Morning After Dark'' is a song by American hip hop record producer and rapper, Timbaland taken from his third studio album, Shock Value II. The song features French singer SoShy and was released as the first single from the album on October 26, 2009.	Morning After Dark	Timbaland	SoShy
performer	What a Way to Live is the fifth studio album released by American country music artist Mark Chesnutt.	What a Way to Live	Mark Chesnutt
performer	Feel the Power is the third full-length album by glam metal band Blessed by a Broken Heart.	Feel the Power	Blessed by a Broken Heart
performer	Omnivium is the third studio album released by German death metal band Obscura, and the second album of Obscura's four album concept.	Omnivium	Obscura
performer	Sujinho is a latin jazz collaboration album between American hip hop producer and MC Madlib and drummer for the Brazilian funk band Azymuth, Ivan Conti.	Sujinho	Madlib
performer	Seeekret is the seventh and final album by American New York City based Kleeer.	Seeekret	Kleeer
performer	``Take Me to the Other Side'' is the second single from the English alternative rock band Spacemen 3.	Take Me to the Other Side	Spacemen 3
performer	El Abayarde is the debut album by the Puerto Rican rapper Tego Calderón.	El Abayarde	Tego Calderón
performer	Lookout Mountain, Lookout Sea is indie-rock band Silver Jews sixth, and last, studio album, released 17 June 2008.	Lookout Mountain, Lookout Sea	Silver Jews
performer	``The Carroll County Accident'' is a 1968 country song written by Bob Ferguson, and recorded by Porter Wagoner.	The Carroll County Accident	Porter Wagoner
performer	``Don't Go (Girls and Boys)'' was Fefe Dobson's fourth and final single from her debut album, released in July 2004.	Don't Go (Girls and Boys)	Fefe Dobson
performer	Love Cook is Ai Otsuka's third album released on 14 December 2005 under the Avex Trax record label.	Love Cook	Ai Otsuka
performer	We Are Rising is the second studio album by American musician Son Lux.	We Are Rising	Son Lux
performer	Way Out! is an album by jazz saxophonist Johnny Griffin, released on the Riverside label in 1958.	Way Out!	Johnny Griffin
performer	What About Tomorrows Children is a Pop song by Scottish singer Maggie Reilly.	What About Tomorrows Children	Maggie Reilly
performer	Keep On is the third album from original Pop Idol winner Will Young.	Keep On	Will Young
performer	People Move On is the debut album from English singer Bernard Butler released in 1998.	People Move On	Bernard Butler
performer	``Not Gon' Cry'' is a 1996 single by American R&B singer Mary J. Blige, from the soundtrack to the film Waiting to Exhale; the song is also featured on Blige's 1997 album, Share My World.	Not Gon' Cry	Mary J. Blige
performer	The Soul Is Willing is a studio album by organist Shirley Scott recorded and released in 1963 for Prestige as PRLP 7267.	The Soul Is Willing	Shirley Scott
performer	Parlor Tricks is an album from former Phish percussionist Marc Daubert, who was in Phish from the fall of 1984 to early 1985.	Parlor Tricks	Marc Daubert
performer	Valley of Smoke is the third full length album from American post-metal band Intronaut.	Valley of Smoke	Intronaut
performer	Unhalfbricking is the third album by the British folk rock band Fairport Convention and their second album released in 1969.	Unhalfbricking	Fairport Convention
performer	``Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way'' is a song written and performed by American country music artist Waylon Jennings.	Are You Sure Hank Done It This Way	Waylon Jennings
performer	From Wishes to Eternity - Live is a live DVD/VHS/CD by Finnish symphonic metal band Nightwish.	From Wishes to Eternity	Nightwish
performer	Secrets from the Future is the second studio album from nerdcore hip hop artist MC Frontalot.	Secrets from the Future	MC Frontalot
performer	Go Space is a 1996 studio album by the Leningrad Cowboys.	Go Space	Leningrad Cowboys
performer	``I Am the Highway'' is a song by American rock band Audioslave and the fourth single from their 2002 self-titled debut, released in 2004.	I Am the Highway	Audioslave
performer	``Got Me Saying Ooh'' is the debut single from British R&B singer Lemar.	Got Me Saying Ooh	Lemar
performer	DoubleThink is the third album from hip hop artist Akala, It was released on 3 May 2010 by Illa State Records.	DoubleThink	Akala
performer	Singolare is an album by Italian singer Mina, originally distributed back to back with album Plurale.	Singolare	Mina
performer	``Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)'' (also titled ``Against All Odds'') is a song by English drummer, singer and songwriter Phil Collins.	Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)	Phil Collins
performer	Pure Holocaust is the second album by Norwegian black metal band Immortal.	Pure Holocaust	Immortal
performer	``Mixed Up World'' is a song by British singer-songwriter Sophie Ellis-Bextor, released in 2003 as the first single from her second studio album, Shoot from the Hip.	Mixed Up World	Sophie Ellis-Bextor
performer	Little Robbers is the RIAA Gold-certified fourth studio album by new wave band The Motels.	Little Robbers	The Motels
performer	Croz is the fourth studio album by American musician David Crosby.	Croz	David Crosby
performer	Free Somehow is the tenth studio album by the Athens, Georgia-based band Widespread Panic.	Free Somehow	Widespread Panic
performer	``My Boobs Are OK'' is a 2007 hit single by Norwegian singer Lene Alexandra.	My Boobs Are OK	Lene Alexandra
performer	Static Prevails is the second album by Jimmy Eat World, released on July 23, 1996 by Capitol.	Static Prevails	Jimmy Eat World
performer	Following Jesus is the third solo album from Detroit-native gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong.	Following Jesus	Vanessa Bell Armstrong
performer	``Giddy On Up'' is the debut single by American stage actress and singer Laura Bell Bundy.	Giddy On Up	Laura Bell Bundy
performer	``You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)'' is a song by Jamaican recording artist Dawn Penn from her debut studio album, No, No, No (1994).	You Don't Love Me (No, No, No)	Dawn Penn
performer	Y Punto is the first album by the Argentine Rock band Bersuit Vergarabat, released in 1992.	Y Punto	Bersuit
performer	``Cobrastyle'' is a song performed by Teddybears, featuring vocalist Mad Cobra.	Cobrastyle	Teddybears	Mad Cobra
performer	Let the Wind Erase Me is the first single of the Storm album by Assemblage 23.	Let the Wind Erase Me	Assemblage 23
performer	``River Man'' ( sample ) is the second listed song from Nick Drake's 1969 album Five Leaves Left.	River Man	Nick Drake
performer	Just No Other Way is Coco Lee's first full-English language album.	Just No Other Way	Coco Lee
performer	Shinin' n' Grindin' is the fourth album by southern rapper E.S.G..	Shinin' n' Grindin'	E.S.G.
performer	Akustichesky Albom (Russian: Акустический Альбом, lit. Acoustic Album) is an album of the Russian rock group ``Korol i Shut'', released in 1999.	Akustichesky Albom	Korol i Shut
performer	On the Evening Side is the eighth studio album by Canadian country music artist Charlie Major.	On the Evening Side	Charlie Major
performer	The Abominable Showman is a Long Play (LP) Record Album by British singer-songwriter Nick Lowe.	The Abominable Showman	Nick Lowe
performer	Diminishing Between Worlds is the second studio album by American death metal band Decrepit Birth.	Diminishing Between Worlds	Decrepit Birth
performer	His 'n' Hers is the fourth studio album by Pulp and is commonly cited as the band's breakthrough album, reaching number 9 in the UK charts.	His 'n' Hers	Pulp
performer	Memorial Album is an album by American jazz trumpeter Clifford Brown composed of tracks recorded at two sessions in 1953 and originally released on the Blue Note label in September 1956.	Memorial Album	Clifford Brown
performer	Baldhead Bridge is the second album by Jamaican roots reggae band Culture, with Joseph Hill on lead vocals, released on the Shanachie label in 1978 (see 1978 in music).	Baldhead Bridge	Culture
performer	Mein Weg is the fifth full length studio album by the German band Bethlehem.	Mein Weg	Bethlehem
performer	A-Lex is the eleventh studio album by the Brazilian metal band Sepultura.	A-Lex	Sepultura
performer	``Tranquilize'' is a song by Las Vegas-based rock band, The Killers featuring Lou Reed.	Tranquilize	The Killers	Lou Reed
performer	``Glósóli'' ((ˈkl̥ou̯ːˌsou̯lɪ), Icelandic for ``Glowing Sole'') is a song by Sigur Rós, released as part of their 2005 album Takk...	Glósóli	Sigur Rós
performer	``Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)'' is a song written and performed by the Bee Gees for their Main Course album in 1975.	Fanny (Be Tender with My Love)	Bee Gees
performer	Soulful Brass is an album by American jazz composer/arranger Oliver Nelson and pianist/entertainer Steve Allen featuring performances recorded in 1968 for the Impulse! label.	Soulful Brass	Oliver Nelson
performer	``You're My Heart, You're My Soul'' is the first single by German duo Modern Talking released off their debut album The 1st Album.	You're My Heart, You're My Soul	Modern Talking
performer	A Violent Emotion is the second album released by American electronic-industrial band Aesthetic Perfection.	A Violent Emotion	Aesthetic Perfection
performer	``Drift & Die'' is a song by Puddle of Mudd, released as the third single from their album Come Clean in 2001.	Drift & Die	Puddle of Mudd
performer	Springtime for Liberals is the 2007 Capitol Steps album.	Springtime for Liberals	Capitol Steps
performer	``Say You're Just a Friend'' is a song by American pop singer-songwriter, dancer, and actor Austin Mahone from his extended play Extended Play.	Say You're Just a Friend	Austin Mahone
performer	``Rave Alert'' is a song written and recorded by Belgian acid house musician Praga Khan.	Rave Alert	Praga Khan
performer	Driving to Damascus is the eighth studio album by Scottish rock band Big Country.	Driving to Damascus	Big Country
performer	``Redneck Woman'' is the a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Gretchen Wilson.	Redneck Woman	Gretchen Wilson
performer	Songs for Sorrow is the second EP by singer Mika.	Songs for Sorrow	Mika
performer	``He Wasn't'' is a song by Canadian singer-songwriter Avril Lavigne, released as the fourth and final single from her second album, Under My Skin (2004).	He Wasn't	Avril Lavigne
performer	The Making of Mr. Spoons is the sixth album, and the fifth studio album, by Ezio, released in 2003.	The Making of Mr. Spoons	Ezio
performer	Sex & Misery is the third studio album from UK-based alternative rock band Voice of the Beehive, which consisted at that point of founding members Melissa Brooke Belland and Tracey Bryn.	Sex & Misery	Voice of the Beehive
performer	Story of a Heart is a compilation album by Swedish group Benny Andersson Band, released in July 2009.	Story of a Heart	Benny Andersson
performer	Remember When the Music is a posthumously produced album by the American singer/songwriter Harry Chapin, released in 1987.	Remember When the Music	Harry Chapin
performer	Five Chord Stud is an album by jazz saxophonist/composer Julius Hemphill recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label.	Five Chord Stud	Julius Hemphill
performer	``Feel Like I Do'' is the first single from alternative metal band Drowning Pool's self-titled album.	Feel Like I Do	Drowning Pool
performer	Songs for a Blue Guitar is an album by Red House Painters, released on July 22, 1996 in the UK, and a day later in the US.	Songs for a Blue Guitar	Red House Painters
performer	``Silly Really'' is a pop song by Swedish singer and composer Per Gessle from his album Party Crasher.	Silly Really	Per Gessle
performer	Songs from the Grass String Ranch is the fifth studio album released by the Southern American country rock band The Kentucky Headhunters.	Songs from the Grass String Ranch	The Kentucky Headhunters
performer	Eternal Prisoner is the third solo album from German guitar player Axel Rudi Pell.	Eternal Prisoner	Axel Rudi Pell
performer	A Star-Crossed Wasteland is the third studio album by American metal band In This Moment.	A Star-Crossed Wasteland	In This Moment
performer	If You Can't Stand the Heat... is the eleventh studio album by English rock band Status Quo.	If You Can't Stand the Heat...	Status Quo
performer	Looking for Lucky is the fifth, and thus far, final studio album by Hootie & the Blowfish, released on August 9, 2005.	Looking for Lucky	Hootie & the Blowfish
performer	``Bury the Shovel is a song written by Chris Arms and Chuck Jones, and recorded by American country music singer Clay Walker.	Bury the Shovel	Clay Walker
performer	``Scream & Shout'' is a song by American recording artists will.i.am and Britney Spears, taken from the former's fourth studio album #willpower.	Scream & Shout	will.i.am	Britney Spears
performer	``Acelera Aê (Noite do Bem)'' is a song performed by the Brazilian recording artist Ivete Sangalo, taken from her third live album Multishow ao Vivo:	Acelera Aê (Noite do Bem)	Ivete Sangalo
performer	``Imma Star (Everywhere We Are)'' is a song by the American R&B recording artist Jeremih.	Imma Star (Everywhere We Are)	Jeremih
performer	Sweet and Sentimental is the debut studio album by American country artist, Jan Howard.	Sweet and Sentimental	Jan Howard
performer	Alternative Matter is a compilation album by the UK band Antimatter.	Alternative Matter	Antimatter
performer	``Love Your Way'' is a 2004 single from Powderfinger's fifth studio album Vulture Street.	Love Your Way	Powderfinger
performer	Scarchives Vol. 1 is a CD and DVD digi-pak compilation from the Finnish band Lordi, released on 3 September 2012.	Scarchives Vol. 1	Lordi
performer	Le dimensioni del mio caos (translatable as ``The Size of My Chaos'') is the fourth album by the Italian rapper Caparezza, released on April 11, 2008.	Le dimensioni del mio caos	Caparezza
performer	Volumizer is 2 Skinnee J's second major-label album.	Volumizer	2 Skinnee J
performer	As I Came of Age is the second studio album by English soprano Sarah Brightman.	As I Came of Age	Sarah Brightman
performer	``Hate to Feel'' is the tenth track on Alice in Chains' album Dirt (1992).	Hate to Feel	Alice in Chains
performer	O Silêncio Q Precede O Esporro (Portuguese: The Silence Dat Precedes the Blast) is the fifth album by Brazilian band O Rappa.	O Silêncio Q Precede O Esporro	O Rappa
performer	Cold Hard Want is the fifth full-length album by alternative rock band House of Heroes.	Cold Hard Want	House of Heroes
performer	Rain on Lens is the 9th album by Smog (the alias of Bill Callahan).	Rain on Lens	Bill Callahan
performer	``It's the Little Things We Do'' was the fourth single released from The Zutons second album Tired of Hanging Around.	It's the Little Things We Do	The Zutons
performer	``Hot Summer Night (Oh La La La)'' is a song recorded by Spanish singer David Tavaré, featuring 2 Eivissa who features in the credits (the song uses a vocal sample from 2 Eivissa's ``Oh La La La'').	Hot Summer Night (Oh La La La)	David Tavaré
performer	``Save the Day'' was the first official single taken from Australian rock group, The Living End's debut self-titled album.	Save the Day	The Living End
performer	``Chapter 24'' is the title of a song from Pink Floyd's 1967 album The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.	Chapter 24	Pink Floyd
performer	Blake & Rice is an album of American guitarist Norman Blake and bluegrass guitarist Tony Rice, released on February 14, 1992.	Blake & Rice	Norman Blake
performer	Outta This World is the second studio album from English boy band and The X Factor runners-up JLS.	Outta This World	JLS
performer	``Ella y Yo'' (English: She and I) is Aventura's second single from their fourth studio album God's Project and features Reggaeton star Don Omar.	Ella y Yo	Aventura	Don Omar
performer	Face of a Fighter is an album by country singer Willie Nelson.	Face of a Fighter	Willie Nelson
performer	``Bounce Along'' is a reggae fusion song recorded by Jamaican singer Wayne Wonder.	Bounce Along	Wayne Wonder
performer	``Invisible Light'' is a song by American band Scissor Sisters, serving as the third and final single from their third studio album Night Work.	Invisible Light	Scissor Sisters
performer	Relax Edition 3 is the eighth studio album by Trance duo Blank & Jones.	Relax Edition 3	Blank & Jones
performer	King of da Ghetto is the third solo album by southern rapper Z-Ro.	King of da Ghetto	Z-Ro
performer	Ill Blood is the second studio album by Canadian hardcore band No Warning.	Ill Blood	No Warning
performer	``Anna's Song'' is a song recorded by singer Marvin Gaye as part of his 1978 album, Here, My Dear.	Anna's Song	Marvin Gaye
performer	``No Scrubs'' is a song recorded by American girl group TLC for their third studio album FanMail (1999).	No Scrubs	TLC
performer	Czy mnie jeszcze pamiętasz? (``Do You Still Remember Me?'') - Third Czesław Niemen's solo album released in 1969.	Czy mnie jeszcze pamiętasz?	Czesław Niemen
performer	Fear Will Cast No Shadow is the third studio album by Florida metal band The Autumn Offering.	Fear Will Cast No Shadow	The Autumn Offering
performer	``The Puppet'' is the third single by the band Echo & the Bunnymen and was released on 14 September 1980.	The Puppet	Echo & the Bunnymen
performer	``You're in My Heart (The Final Acclaim)'' is a song written and recorded by Rod Stewart for his 1977 album Foot Loose & Fancy Free.	You're in My Heart (The Final Acclaim)	Rod Stewart
performer	``(One Glance Is) Holy'' is a single by English musician Mike Oldfield, released in 1989.	(One Glance Is) Holy	Mike Oldfield
performer	Wrath of the Tyrant is the first demo album by the Norwegian black metal band Emperor.	Wrath of the Tyrant	Emperor
performer	Do Not Bend is the third solo album by British pop musician and songwriter Eric Stewart, a founding member of 10cc.	Do Not Bend	Eric Stewart
performer	This Is Normal is the third studio album by the Icelandic group GusGus.	This Is Normal	GusGus
performer	``M+M's'' is a song by American rock band Blink-182, released on September 6, 1995 as a single from the group's debut studio album, Cheshire Cat (1995).	M+M's	Blink-182
performer	In God We Trust, Inc. is a hardcore punk EP by the Dead Kennedys; it is now reissued with Plastic Surgery Disasters.	In God We Trust, Inc.	Dead Kennedys
performer	The Secret Wars is the first studio album by American rock musician Ace Enders, his first using the name Ace Enders and a Million Different People.	The Secret Wars	Ace Enders
performer	Sånger från 63° N (Songs from 63° N) is the name of the third album by the Swedish folk band Triakel.	Sånger från 63° N	Triakel
performer	Cowboys in Love is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky, released in 1994.	Cowboys in Love	Riders in the Sky
performer	How It Works was the 6th release from Australian punk-rock group Bodyjar.	How It Works	Bodyjar
performer	``Just When I Needed You Most'' is the title of a 1979 hit single by the American singer-songwriter Randy VanWarmer.	Just When I Needed You Most	Randy VanWarmer
performer	Du & jag döden (Swedish for You & Me Death) is the sixth studio album by Swedish alternative rock band Kent.	Du & jag döden	Kent
performer	``Hi Ho Silver Lining'' is a rock song, written by American songwriters Scott English and Larry Weiss and first released as a single in March 1967 by The Attack, followed a few days later by Jeff Beck.	Hi Ho Silver Lining	The Attack
performer	``Help Me Believe'' is a song by gospel/hip hop musician Kirk Franklin from his 2007 album, The Fight of My Life.	Help Me Believe	Kirk Franklin
performer	Made in England / Gentle Dreams is a two CD set album released by the cellist Julian Lloyd Webber in 2003.	Made in England / Gentle Dreams	Julian Lloyd Webber
performer	Ilana Verdansky is a fictional character on the ABC television series Lost played by Zuleikha Robinson.	Ilana Verdansky	Zuleikha Robinson
performer	Devil Got My Woman is the fourth studio album by American blues singer Skip James, released in 1968.	Devil Got My Woman	Skip James
performer	Commercial Album is an album released by The Residents in 1980.	Commercial Album	The Residents
performer	``The Day It Rained Forever'' is a single by Aurora with vocals by Lizzy Pattinson.	The Day It Rained Forever	Aurora
performer	``Take It Easy'' is a song written by Jackson Browne and Glenn Frey, and recorded by the Eagles with Frey singing lead vocals.	Take It Easy	Eagles
performer	En Fuga is a studio album from Puerto Rican singer Roy Brown.	En Fuga	Roy Brown
performer	A Man's Thoughts is the sixth studio album from American R&B singer Ginuwine.	A Man's Thoughts	Ginuwine
performer	Bitterness the Star is the first studio album and debut major label album by the Alaskan band 36 Crazyfists.	Bitterness the Star	36 Crazyfists
performer	Here Kitty Kittee is the second album by Canadian pop singer Elise Estrada.	Here Kitty Kittee	Elise Estrada
performer	``Nice to Know You'' is the first track and second single by Incubus from the album Morning View.	Nice to Know You	Incubus
performer	The Ruby Sea is the 5th and final full-length album by Thin White Rope.	The Ruby Sea	Thin White Rope
performer	Here We Go Again! is an album by American folk music group The Kingston Trio, released in 1959 (see 1959 in music).	Here We Go Again!	The Kingston Trio
performer	Exorcise the Demons is a studio album by drum and bass artists Source Direct, which was released on March 8, 1999.	Exorcise the Demons	Source Direct
performer	``Breaking the Law'' is a song by British heavy metal band Judas Priest, originally released on their 1980 album British Steel.	Breaking the Law	Judas Priest
performer	``With a Little Luck'' is a single by the band Wings from their 1978 album London Town.	With a Little Luck	Wings
performer	Cover Yourself is Blues Traveler's ninth album.	Cover Yourself	Blues Traveler
performer	MFZB (abbreviation of Motherfucking Zebrahead, Bitch) is the fourth studio album released by American punk rock band Zebrahead.	MFZB	Zebrahead
performer	Ena Hrono To Perissotero (Greek: Ένα Χρόνο Το Περισσότερο; English: One year at the most) is the 14th studio album by Greek singer-songwriter and record producer Nikos Karvelas, released by Sony Music Greece in 1998.	Ena Hrono To Perissotero	Nikos Karvelas
performer	Killing on Adrenaline is the second album by the Maryland, USA, technical death metal band Dying Fetus.	Killing on Adrenaline	Dying Fetus
performer	``Winter Melody'' is a song by American singer and songwriter Donna Summer released as a single in early-1977 from her Four Seasons of Love album.	Winter Melody	Donna Summer
performer	Red Voodoo is a Sammy Hagar and The Waboritas album.	Red Voodoo	Sammy Hagar
performer	The Hogyssey is the third album from rock band Spacehog.	The Hogyssey	Spacehog
performer	Boy-Cott-In the Industry is the tenth album by Classified, released in 2005.	Boy-Cott-In the Industry	Classified
performer	``Love in the Natural Way'' is the fifth and final single from Close, the best-selling album by Kim Wilde.	Love in the Natural Way	Kim Wilde
performer	Electric Music was the second album by Karl Bartos' ``Elektric Music'' project, recorded after his collaboration with UK band Electronic on their 1996 album Raise the Pressure and released in 1998.	Electric Music	Karl Bartos
performer	School of Euphoria is the third studio album by the Danish electrorock band Spleen United.	School of Euphoria	Spleen United
performer	All the Way from Tuam is the second studio album by Irish rock band The Saw Doctors.	All the Way from Tuam	The Saw Doctors
performer	Shimpoo Pimpoo is the debut studio album by the Croatian alternative rock band Pips, Chips & Videoclips.	Shimpoo Pimpoo	Pips, Chips & Videoclips
performer	Premier Mandat is a 1999 French hip hop album by Diam's.	Premier Mandat	Diam
performer	Catch Without Arms is the third album from the Los Gatos, CA rock band Dredg, released on June 21, 2005.	Catch Without Arms	Dredg
performer	Wanna Snuggle? is the second album of Connecticut rapper Apathy.	Wanna Snuggle?	Apathy
performer	``The Cat in the Window (The Bird in the Sky)'' is a song with words and music by Gary Bonner and Alan Gordon which was a 1967 single for Petula Clark.	The Cat in the Window (The Bird in the Sky)	Petula Clark
performer	``Get Back (ASAP)'' is a song recorded by Romanian vocalist Alexandra Stan for her debut studio album titled Saxobeats (2011).	Get Back (ASAP)	Alexandra Stan
performer	``Mr. Self Destruct'' is a song by American industrial rock act Nine Inch Nails.	Mr. Self Destruct	Nine Inch Nails
performer	Dance to the Drums Again is a studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson, released in 1992.	Dance to the Drums Again	Cassandra Wilson
performer	Elektracustika is the ninth studio album by Oficina G3, and the fourth released by MK Music.	Elektracustika	Oficina G3
performer	``Turning Japanese'' is a song released by English band The Vapors, from their album New Clear Days, and the song for which they are best known.	Turning Japanese	The Vapors
performer	``Electrolite'' is a song by R.E.M., released as their third single from their tenth studio album, New Adventures in Hi-Fi.	Electrolite	R.E.M.
performer	Stereoid is the first album of the Hungarian electronic trio Compact Disco.	Stereoid	Compact Disco
performer	Fast Last! is an album by trumpeter Lester Bowie recorded for the Muse label and released in 1974.	Fast Last!	Lester Bowie
performer	Tales from the Lush Attic, released in 1983, is the second studio album by neo-progressive rock group IQ, following the cassette-only Seven Stories into Eight.	Tales from the Lush Attic	IQ
performer	``The Carpet Crawlers'', also sometimes listed as ``Carpet Crawl'', ``The Carpet Crawl'' or ``Carpet Crawlers'', is a song originally from the 1974 Genesis concept album The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway.	The Carpet Crawlers	Genesis
performer	I Walk Among You is a single by the American heavy metal band Iced Earth.	I Walk Among You	Iced Earth
performer	Act Like Nothing's Wrong is the seventh solo studio album by the American singer-songwriter Al Kooper, recorded in 1976 and released in 1977.	Act Like Nothing's Wrong	Al Kooper
performer	``Just in Love'' is a song performed by the American singer Joe Jonas.	Just in Love	Joe Jonas
performer	``Livin' la Vida Loca'' is a number-one hit song by Puerto Rican singer Ricky Martin.	Livin' la Vida Loca	Ricky Martin
performer	Rehearsing My Choir is the fourth full-length album by The Fiery Furnaces and was released in 2005.	Rehearsing My Choir	The Fiery Furnaces
performer	``All You Good Good People'' is the debut single by English rock band Embrace, on the Fierce Panda label.	All You Good Good People	Embrace
performer	Tagala Talaga is the third studio album by Filipino singer-actress Regine Velasquez, released in October 1991 by Vicor Records in the Philippines in CD and cassette format.	Tagala Talaga	Regine Velasquez
performer	Har de puttet noget i kaffen? (English: Did they put something in the coffee?) is the fourteenth album released 1987 by the Danish rock band Gnags.	Har de puttet noget i kaffen?	Gnags
performer	Daniel Celebration Edition 慶功收藏版 (Pinyin: Qìng Gōng Shōu Cáng Bǎn) was introduced to the market in 2006 to mark the achievement of sales of the self-titled debut album of Daniel Lee Chee Hun (winner of Malaysian Idol 2), at more than 25,000 copies, which is accorded as platinum status.	Daniel Celebration Edition 慶功收藏版	Daniel Lee Chee Hun
performer	``This Ladder Is Ours'' is a song by the Welsh alternative rock band The Joy Formidable, taken from the group's second album, Wolf's Law.	This Ladder Is Ours	The Joy Formidable
performer	Nachalnik Kamchatki (Russian: Начальник Камчатки, ``boiler plant operator'') is the second album of the Soviet rock band Kino.	Nachalnik Kamchatki	Kino
performer	We Are the Dynamite is the debut full-length studio album by Welsh post-hardcore band The Blackout.	We Are the Dynamite	The Blackout
performer	``My Secret Friend'' is a song performed by IAMX and Imogen Heap, released as the third single from the album Kingdom of Welcome Addiction.	My Secret Friend	IAMX	Imogen Heap
performer	But Not Farewell is the twenty-seventh album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill, recorded in 1990 and released on the Blue Note label in 1991.	But Not Farewell	Andrew Hill
performer	``Lady Grinning Soul'' is a ballad written by David Bowie, which is the final track on the album Aladdin Sane, released in 1973.	Lady Grinning Soul	David Bowie
performer	Evolution (The Most Recent) is an album by American blues artist Taj Mahal.	Evolution (The Most Recent)	Taj Mahal
performer	Chocolate Girl is the fourth song released as a single from the album Raintown by the Scottish group Deacon Blue.	Chocolate Girl	Deacon Blue
performer	Generation Love is a song recorded by American country music artist Jennette McCurdy.	Generation Love	Jennette McCurdy
performer	Puncak Kasih is the fourth studio album from Malaysian pop singer Ziana Zain, released on 28 May 1997 by BMG Music.	Puncak Kasih	Ziana Zain
performer	Strange Serenade is the twenty-second album by American jazz pianist Andrew Hill recorded in 1980 and released on the Italian Soul Note label.	Strange Serenade	Andrew Hill
performer	``Love Is Contagious'' is the debut single by Taja Sevelle, released in 1987.	Love Is Contagious	Taja Sevelle
performer	``Want It, Need It'' is a song by American rapper Plies and features R&B singer Ashanti.	Want It, Need It	Plies	Ashanti
performer	Find It in You is the name of This Condition's first demos, recorded in 2007.	Find It in You	This Condition
performer	The Foundations - ``Back on My Feet Again'' / ``I Can Take or Leave Your Loving'' - PYE 7N 17417 - 1968 The Foundations - ``Back on My Feet Again'' / ``I Can Take or Leave Your Loving'' - UNI 55058	Back on My Feet Again	The Foundations
performer	Country, God or the Girl is the fourth studio album by Somali-Canadian hip hop artist K'naan.	Country, God or the Girl	K'naan
performer	Ten Zen Men Project was an album by Ten Zen Men, a project composed of American guitarist Neil Zaza, drummer Robin DiMaggio (Steve Vai, Mariah Carey, Paul McCartney) and LA bassist Andre Berry.	Ten Zen Men Project	Neil Zaza
performer	``Hello Walls'' is an American country music song recorded by Faron Young.	Hello Walls	Faron Young
performer	``Piano in the Dark'' is a song by the American singer-songwriter Brenda Russell (featuring backing vocals by Joe Esposito).	Piano in the Dark	Brenda Russell
performer	Somebody Else, Not Me is a 1980 album by American folk and blues singer Dave Van Ronk.	Somebody Else, Not Me	Dave Van Ronk
performer	From a Boy to a Man is the seventh studio album from American rapper San Quinn.	From a Boy to a Man	San Quinn
performer	What I Saw is an EP by the American rock band Kings of Leon.	What I Saw	Kings of Leon
performer	``Scuffin' Those Knees'' was the first single released by rap group Naughty by Nature, then known as The New Style, from their debut album Independent Leaders.	Scuffin' Those Knees	Naughty by Nature
place of birth	Artur Markowicz (1872 -- 1934) was a Jewish realist painter and graphic artist born in Podgórze district of Kraków (Cracow), Poland.	Artur Markowicz	Kraków
place of death	Fra' Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc (18 April 1725, in la Mancha, Spain -- 14 July 1797, in Valletta, Malta) was a member of the wealthy and influential Rohan family of France, and 70th Prince and Grand Master of the Order of St. John from 1775 to 1797.	Emmanuel de Rohan-Polduc	Valletta
place of death	Isham Randolph (March 25, 1848 in Clarke County, Virginia--August 5, 1920) was an American civil engineer who is best known as the chief engineer of the Sanitary District of Chicago during the construction of the Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal.	Isham Randolph	Chicago
place of death	Henricus Regius (July 29, 1598 -- February 19, 1679) was a Dutch philosopher, physician, and professor of medicine at the University of Utrecht from 1638.	Henricus Regius	Utrecht
place of death	Erwin Speckter (18 July 1806, Hamburg - 23 November 1835, Hamburg) was a German painter, often associated with the Nazarene movement.	Erwin Speckter	Hamburg
place of death	Giorgio Massari (13 October 1687 -- 20 December 1766) was an Italian late-Baroque architect from Venice.	Giorgio Massari	Venice
place of death	On October 3, 2002, taking part in a ballooning event in the town of Zheleznovodsk (Russia), Victor Zagainov's balloon was involved in a mid-air collision between his balloon's envelope and a descending balloon's basket.	Victor Zagainov	Zheleznovodsk
place of death	Paulus Roetter (Paulus Rötter) (4 January/July 1806 Nuremberg - 11 November 1894 St. Louis), was the son of a Lutheran minister.	Paulus Roetter	St. Louis
place of death	Louis Crompton (born April 5, 1925, Port Colborne, Ontario; died July 11, 2009, El Cerrito, California), son of Master Mariner Clarence and Mabel Crompton, was a Canadian-born scholar, professor, author, and pioneer in the instruction of queer studies.	Louis Crompton	El Cerrito
place of death	Julian Onderdonk was born in San Antonio, Texas, to Robert Jenkins Onderdonk, a painter, and Emily Gould Onderdonk.	Julian Onderdonk	San Antonio
place of death	Patricia Hayes died in September 1998 in Surrey but appeared posthumously in the 2002 film Crime and Punishment (2002).	Patricia Hayes	Surrey
place of death	That is the decree announced by Henry Hatch, Ann Arbor equipment manager.''	Henry Hatch	Ann Arbor
place of death	On 6 February 1896, at the age of 68, Rainilaiarivony boarded a ship bound for Algiers and left his island for the first time in his life.	Rainilaiarivony	Algiers
place of death	Philipp Hainhofer (21 July 1578 -- 1647) was a merchant, banker, diplomat and art collector in Augsburg.	Philipp Hainhofer	Augsburg
place of death	Pino Calvi (Voghera, Pavia, 12 January 1930 -- Palazzina di Castana, Pavia, 4 January 1989) was an Italian pianist, arranger, conductor and soundtrack composer for films and TV series.	Pino Calvi	Castana
place of death	Gino De Dominicis (Ancona, 1947 -- Rome, 1998) was an Italian artist.	Gino De Dominicis	Rome
place of death	Arthur William Rogers (5 June 1872 in Bishops Hull near Taunton, Somerset -- 23 June 1946 in Mowbray, Cape Town, Cape Province) was a British and South African geologist.	Arthur William Rogers	Cape Province
place of death	Altichiero da Verona (c. 1330 -- c. 1390), also called Aldighieri da Zevio, was an Italian painter of the Gothic style.	Altichiero	Verona
place of death	Hans Lachmann-Mosse, till 1911 Hans Lachmann (August 9, 1885, Berlin - April 18, 1944, Oakland, California, USA) was a German publisher, and was the father of George Lachmann Mosse.	Hans Lachmann-Mosse	Oakland
place of death	Rudolf Robert Maier (April 9, 1824 -- November 7, 1888) was a German pathologist who was a native of Freiburg im Breisgau.	Rudolf Robert Maier	Freiburg im Breisgau
place of death	Frans Hals the Elder (/hɑːls/; Dutch: (ɦɑls); c. 1582 -- 26 August 1666) was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter who lived and worked in Haarlem.	Frans Hals	Haarlem
place of death	Alfred E. Green (July 11, 1889 in Perris, California -- September 4, 1960 in Hollywood, California) was a prolific movie director.	Alfred E. Green	Hollywood
place of death	Alicia Inés Botto, better known by her pen name, Nené Cascallar (June 11, 1914, Buenos Aires -- May 16, 1982, Buenos Aires) was an Argentine writer of radio plays and telenovelas.	Nené Cascallar	Buenos Aires
place of death	Hermann Ernst Freund (15 October 1786, Uthlede, Lower Saxony -- 30 June 1840, Copenhagen) was a German-born Danish sculptor.	Hermann Ernst Freund	Copenhagen
place of death	Justus Gesenius (b. at Esbeck (near Elze), in the principality of Calenberg, July 6, 1601 - d. at Hanover Sept. 18, 1673) was a Lutheran theologian of the seventeenth century, known for his catechisms.	Justus Gesenius	Hanover
place of death	Jennings Lang (May 28, 1915, New York City -- May 29, 1996, Palm Desert, California) was an American film producer, as well as a screenwriter and actor.	Jennings Lang	Palm Desert, California
place of death	Johann Joachim Lange (1670 in Gardelegen -- 1744 in Halle) was a German Protestant theologian and philosopher.	Johann Joachim Lange	Halle
place of death	Hermann Ahlwardt (born 21 December 1846 in Krien -- died 16 April 1914 in Leipzig) was a German antisemitic journalist.	Hermann Ahlwardt	Leipzig
place of death	Otakar Motejl (10 September 1932; Prague -- 9 May 2010; Brno) was a Czech lawyer and politician.	Otakar Motejl	Brno
place of death	After the Smith & Wesson Model 1 revolver came on the market, White began production of a revolver of his own in 1861 in a factory in Lowell, Massachusetts called ``Rollin White Arms Company''.	Rollin White	Lowell
place of death	Edna Staebler, CM (January 15, 1906 -- September 12, 2006) was a Canadian author and award-winning literary journalist, best known for her series of cookbooks, Food That Really Schmecks, based on Mennonite home cooking as practiced in the Waterloo Region.	Edna Staebler	Waterloo
place of death	Jacques Schneider died on 1 May 1928 at Beaulieu-sur-Mer on the French Riviera.	Jacques Schneider	Beaulieu-sur-Mer
place of death	Johan Falkberget was born on the Falkberget farm in the Rugldal valley in the Norwegian copper mining municipality of Røros.	Johan Falkberget	Røros
place of death	Ronald Allen Harris (born February 8, 1947 in Detroit, Michigan), attended Chadsey High School, in Detroit, Michigan.	Ronald Allen Harris	Detroit
place of death	Marie Ismaël-Garcin was born Rose Françoise Marie Garcin in Marseille and studied singing in Paris under Jean-Vital Jammes (known by his stage name, Ismaël).	Marie Ismaël-Garcin	Marseille
place of death	He managed Fallowfield Stadium, renamed the Harris Stadium; he was involved in various abortive ventures associated with Raleigh; and he started a 'Reg Harris' bicycle manufacturing business in Macclesfield which lasted three years before folding.	Reg Harris	Macclesfield
place of death	Charles P. Weaver was Mayor of Louisville, Kentucky from 1897 to 1901.	Charles P. Weaver	Louisville
place of death	Anton Rintelen (born 15 November 1876 in Graz, Austria -- died 28 January 1946) was an Austrian academic, jurist and politician.	Anton Rintelen	Graz
place of death	Luigi Bodio (born 12 October 1840 in Milan--2 November 1920 in Rome) was an Italian economist and statistician, among the founders of Italian Statistics.	Luigi Bodio	Rome
place of death	Henri Léonard Jean Baptiste Bertin (born March 24, 1720, Périgueux -- September 16, 1792, Spa (Belgium)) was a French statesman, and controller general of finances of Louis XV (1759--1763).	Henri Léonard Jean Baptiste Bertin	Spa
place of death	Luis Marquina ( 25 May 1904 Barcelona- 26 June 1980 Madrid) was a Spanish film director and screenwriter.	Luis Marquina	Madrid
place of death	Victor Prouvé, born 13 August 1858 in Nancy, dead 15 February 1943 at Sétif (Algeria), was a French painter, sculptor and engraver of the Art Nouveau École de Nancy.	Victor Prouvé	Sétif
place of death	Edie Sedgwick was the seventh of eight children born in Santa Barbara, California, to Alice Delano de Forest (1908--1988) and Francis Minturn Sedgwick (1904--1967), a philanthropist, rancher and sculptor.	Edie Sedgwick	Santa Barbara
place of death	Ercole Strozzi (Ferrara, September 2, 1473 -- Ferrara, June 6, 1508) was an Italian poet, the son of Tito Vespasiano Strozzi.	Ercole Strozzi	Ferrara
place of death	Carl Robert Brown (November 26, 1930 -- August 20, 1982) was an American teacher and mass murderer who killed eight people and injured another three with a shotgun in a Miami, Florida welding shop on August 20, 1982.	Carl Robert Brown	Miami
place of death	Jörg Fauser (* July 16, 1944, Bad Schwalbach -- July 17, 1987 in Munich) was a German writer, poet and journalist.	Jörg Fauser	Munich
place of death	Theodor Möbius (June 22, 1821 Leipzig - April 25, 1890) was a German philologist who specialized in old Norse works.	Theodor Möbius	Leipzig
place of death	William Penny (1809 - Aberdeen 1892) was a Scottish captain.	William Penny	Aberdeen
place of death	Johann Eberlin von Günzburg (c. 1470 in Kleinkötz near Günzburg in Bavaria -- 1533 in Leutershausen) was a German theologian who became prominent as the author of reformist flysheets and pamphlets.	Johann Eberlin von Günzburg	Leutershausen
place of death	Leopoldo Pirelli (Usmate Velate, 1925 -- Portofino, January 23, 2007) was an Italian businessman.	Leopoldo Pirelli	Portofino
place of death	Born in 1933, Viola Frey grew up on her family's vineyard in Lodi, California, and died in Oakland, California, in 2004.	Viola Frey	Oakland
place of death	Norah Neilson Gray (16 June 1882 -- 27 May 1931) was a British artist of the Glasgow School.	Norah Neilson Gray	Glasgow
place of death	James Elmes (15 October 1782, London -- 2 April 1862, Greenwich) was an English architect, civil engineer, and writer on the arts.	James Elmes	Greenwich
place of death	Born in Portsmouth in 1936, James Riordan learned to speak Russian during National Service training in the Royal Air Force from 1955 to 1957.	James Riordan	Portsmouth
place of death	Ernests Blanks (13 September (O.S. 1 September) 1894 in Braslava, Valmiera County, Governorate of Livonia, Russian Empire -- 31 January 1972 in Palma, Majorca, Spain), publicist, the first to publicly advocate for Latvia's independence in 1917.	Ernests Blanks	Palma
place of death	Johannes Jacobus Smith (Antwerp 1867 - Oegstgeest 1947) (sometimes written as Joannes Jacobus Smith) was a Dutch botanist who, between years 1905 to 1924, crossed the islands of the Dutch East Indies (mainly Java), collecting specimens of plants and describing and cataloguing the flora of these islands.	Johannes Jacobus Smith	Oegstgeest
place of death	Edward Columbus Hosford was born in Eastman, Georgia, the son of Charles Columbus Hosford and his wife, B. Hattie Hosford.	Edward Columbus Hosford	Eastman, Georgia
place of death	Saint Sabina, matron and martyr from Rome.	Saint Sabina	Rome
place of death	Walther von Holzhausen (29 May 1876, Opava -- 9 August 1935, Magdeburg) was a German chess master and problemist.	Walther von Holzhausen	Magdeburg
place of death	Paul Leser (February 23, 1899 in Frankfurt (Main) - December 22, 1984 in Hartford, Connecticut, USA) was a German-American ethnologist.	Paul Leser	Hartford
place of death	Izabella Yurieva (Изабелла Юрьева) is the stage name of Izabella Danilovna Livikova (7 September 1899 -- 20 January 2000), a Russian singer nicknamed the ``Queen of the Russian Romance'' who celebrated her centennial at a tribute concert given in her honor at the Central Concert Hall in Moscow in 1999.	Izabella Yurieva	Moscow
place of death	Pedro Vial, or Pierre Vial, (born ca. 1746, Lyon, France--died October 1814, Santa Fe, New Mexico), was a French explorer and frontiersman who lived among the Comanche and Wichita Indians for many years.	Pedro Vial	Santa Fe
place of death	Gojmir Anton Kos (January 24, 1896 -- May 22, 1970) was a Slovene academy-trained painter, photographer, and professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Ljubljana.	Gojmir Anton Kos	Ljubljana
place of death	Born in Split to the family of a carpenter, Boris Dvornik discovered acting talent at an early age, while performing in children's plays.	Boris Dvornik	Split
place of death	Carl Benda (30 December 1857 Berlin - 24 May 1932 Turin) was one of the first microbiologists to use a microscope in studying the internal structure of cells.	Carl Benda	Turin
place of death	Julio Ramón Ribeyro Zúñiga (August 31, 1929, Lima, Peru - December 4, 1994, Lima, Peru) was a Peruvian writer best known for his short stories.	Julio Ramón Ribeyro	Lima
place of death	Returning to England upon the death of his wife in 1637, Dee became physician to King Charles I. Upon his retirement Arthur Dee resided in Norwich, where he became a friend of Sir Thomas Browne.	Arthur Dee	Norwich
place of death	Ernst Krieck (born July 6, 1882 in Vögisheim; died March 19, 1947 in Moosburg an der Isar) was a German teacher, writer, and professor.	Ernst Krieck	Moosburg
place of death	Johannes Pinsk (4 February 1891 in Szczecin -- 21 May 1957 in Berlin-Dahlem) was a German Catholic theologian and professor.	Johannes Pinsk	Dahlem
place of death	Adolf Eduard Marschner (Grünberg, Schlesien, 5 March 1819 -- Leipzig, 9 September 1853), was a Romantic German composer.	Adolf Eduard Marschner	Leipzig
place of death	Jean Bertholle (26 June 1909, Dijon -- 6 December 1996, Paris) was a French painter of the new Paris School.	Jean Bertholle	Paris
place of death	Itala Mela was born on 28 August 1904 in La Spezia to Pasquino Mela and Luigia Bianchini; both were atheist teachers.	Itala Mela	La Spezia
place of death	Johannes Driessler (26 January 1921 in Friedrichsthal, Saarland -- 3 May 1998 in Detmold) was a German composer, organist, and lecturer.	Johannes Driessler	Detmold
place of death	Milorad Mišković, also Milorad Miskovitch (Serbian Cyrillic: Милорад Мишковић, pronounced (mîlorad mîʃkoʋitɕ)) (born March 26, 1928 in Valjevo, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes, died June 21, 2013 in Nice, France) was a Serbian ballet dancer and choreographer.	Milorad Mišković	Nice
place of death	Agustín Landa Verdugo (1923 -- 3 October 2009) was a Mexican architect and urban planner, born in Mexico City.	Agustín Landa Verdugo	Mexico City
place of death	Girolamo Michelangelo Grigoletti (Pordenone, August 29, 1801 --Venice, February 11, 1870) was an Italian painter, active in a Neoclassical style.	Girolamo Michelangelo Grigoletti	Venice
place of death	Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling (December 9, 1798 -- November 20, 1875) was a German botanist who was a native of Hanover.	Friedrich Gottlieb Bartling	Hanover
place of death	Edo Kovačević (16 November 1906 -- 15 March 1993) was a Croatian artist, best known for his colourful landscapes and views of suburban Zagreb.	Edo Kovačević	Zagreb
place of death	Aniello Falcone (15 November 1600 -- 1656) was an Italian Baroque painter, active in Naples and noted for his painted depictions of battle scenes.	Aniello Falcone	Naples
place of death	Caroline Decker Gladstein (1912--1992) was a labor activist in the 1930s in California, and an active organizer for the Cannery and Agricultural Workers'' International Union (CAWIU).	Caroline Decker	California
place of death	Antenor Lucas, better known as Brandãozinho (born in Campinas, Brazil, June 9, 1925 -- died in São Paulo, Brazil, April 4, 2000) was a Brazilian football defender.	Brandãozinho	São Paulo
place of death	He was born Charles Knox Manning in Worcester, Massachusetts and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California.	Knox Manning	Woodland Hills
place of death	On February 8, 1974 expressionist painter Alexander Mohr succumbed to death after a short illness in Athens, Greece and was interred there as well.	Alexander Mohr	Athens
place of death	Luigi Macchi (3 March 1832 in Viterbo - 29 March 1907 in Rome) was an Italian Catholic nobleman and a Cardinal.	Luigi Macchi	Rome
place of death	Eddie Baily died on 13 October 2010 at Welwyn Garden City after a short illness.	Eddie Baily	Welwyn Garden City
place of death	Beatrice Wood died nine days after her 105th birthday in Ojai, California.	Beatrice Wood	Ojai
place of death	A long-term professor of anatomy and physical anthropology, Hermann Klaatsch died unexpectedy in Eisenach in 1916.	Hermann Klaatsch	Eisenach
place of death	Stefan Bryła (born 17 August 1886 in Kraków -- 3 December 1943 in Warsaw, Poland) was a Polish construction engineer and welding pioneer.	Stefan Bryła	Warsaw
place of death	Parri Spinelli (ca. 1387-1453) was an Italian (Tuscan) painter of the early renaissance who was born in the Province of Arezzo.	Parri Spinelli	Arezzo
place of death	Joan Perry died from emphysema in September 1996 at age 85 in Montecito, California.	Joan Perry	Montecito
place of death	Ruben Josefson, born 25 August 1907 in Svenljunga, Sweden, died 19 March 1972 in Uppsala, Sweden was a Swedish bishop within the Church of Sweden.	Ruben Josefson	Uppsala
place of death	Albert Martin Bolton, Sr., known as Al Bolton (October 24, 1925 -- April 2, 2014), was for forty-seven years a television or radio meteorologist from his adopted city of Shreveport, Louisiana.	Al Bolton	Shreveport
place of death	Juan Joya Cordero (February 25, 1934, Lima -- March 29, 2007) was a Peruvian football (soccer) player, recognized as one of Peru's most important strikers.	Juan Joya	Lima
place of death	Enzo Rosa (Balzola, April 24, 1913 -- Varazze, February 20, 1994) was an Italian professional football player.	Enzo Rosa	Varazze
place of death	Rudolf Reicke (born 5 February 1825, Memel, Germany--d. 16 October 1905, Königsberg, Germany) was a German historian and scholar of Kant.	Rudolf Reicke	Königsberg
place of death	Johann Gottfried Tannauer, or Dannhauer (1680, Saxony -1733/37, Saint Petersburg) was a German painter, portraitist and miniaturist who worked in Russia after 1711.	Johann Gottfried Tannauer	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Franz Seraph Stirnbrand (c.1788/94 - 2 August 1882, Stuttgart) was a German portrait painter.	Franz Seraph Stirnbrand	Stuttgart
place of death	Maurice Gross (born July 21, 1934 in Sedan, Ardennes department; died December 8, 2001 in Paris) was a French linguist and scholar of Romance languages.	Maurice Gross	Paris
place of death	Diego Carpitella (Reggio di Calabria, 1924 - Rome, 1990) Italian professor of ethnomusicology at La Sapienza University in Rome.	Diego Carpitella	Rome
place of death	Abd al-Rahman I, more fully Abd al-Rahman ibn Mu'awiya ibn Hisham ibn Abd al-Malik ibn Marwan (731--788), was the founder of a Muslim dynasty that ruled the greater part of Iberia for nearly three centuries (including the succeeding Caliphate of Córdoba).	Abd al-Rahman I	Córdoba
place of death	Domenico Zipoli (17 October 1688 -- 2 January 1726) was an Italian Baroque composer who worked and died in Córdoba (Argentina).	Domenico Zipoli	Córdoba
place of death	Agustín González Martínez, (Madrid, 24 March 1930 - Madrid, 16 January 2005) was a Spanish actor.	Agustín González	Madrid
place of death	Heinz Zemanek went to a secondary school in Vienna and earned his Matura in 1937.	Heinz Zemanek	Vienna
place of death	Georg Friedrich Sartorius (after 1827 Freiherr von Waltershausen; 25 August 1765 Kassel -- 24 August 1828 Göttingen) was a German research historian, economist and professor at Göttingen University.	Georg Friedrich Sartorius	Göttingen
place of death	Pieter Nieuwland (5 November 1764, Diemermeer -- 14 November 1794, Leiden) was a Dutch nautical scientist, chemist, mathematician, and poet.	Pieter Nieuwland	Leiden
place of death	Born in Montefalco, Aristide Rinaldini studied at the seminary of the Vatican (1860--1862), Almo Collegio Capranica in Rome (1862--1868), and the Pontifical Gregorian University, from where he obtained his doctorate in philosophy and licentiate in theology.	Aristide Rinaldini	Rome
place of death	Sámuel Kálnoky became the first chancellor of Transylvania in Vienna and received the rank of count by the Habsburgs (1697 full title: count Kálnoky baron of Kőröspatak).	Sámuel Kálnoky	Vienna
place of death	Émile Lévy (August 29, 1826 in Paris -- 1890) was a French genre and portrait painter.	Émile Lévy	Paris
place of death	Jean Baptiste Ferdinand Monchablon, known as Jan Monchablon (6 September 1854, Châtillon-sur-Saône - 2 October 1904, Châtillon-sur-Saône) was a French landscape painter.	Jan Monchablon	Châtillon-sur-Saône
place of death	John Charles Vivian (June 30, 1889 in Golden, CO, to February 10, 1964 in Golden, CO) was a United States attorney, journalist, and Republican politician who served as the 30th Governor of the State of Colorado from 1943 to 1947.	John Charles Vivian	Golden
place of death	Raul Renter (1 August 1920, Tallinn -- 20 November 1992, Tallinn) was an Estonian economist and chess player, who twice won the Estonian Chess Championship.	Raul Renter	Tallinn
place of death	Abdul Ghafoor Breshna (Persian: عبدالغفود برشنا‎; born 10 April 1907 in Kabul) was an Afghan painter, music composer, poet and film director.	Abdul Ghafoor Breshna	Kabul
place of death	Pier Francesco Foschi (1502--1567) was an Italian painter active in Florence in a Mannerist style.	Pier Francesco Foschi	Florence
place of death	Maria Koszutska (pseudonym Wera Kostrzewa) (2 February 1876, Główczyn - 9 July 1939, Moscow) was a leader and theoretician of the Polish Socialist Party ``Left'' faction (Polska Partia Socialistyczna, PPS -- Lewica) and later of the Communist Party of Poland (KPP).	Maria Koszutska	Moscow
place of death	Marie Jahoda (26 January 1907, Vienna -- 28 April 2001, Sussex) was an Austrian-British social psychologist.	Marie Jahoda	Sussex
place of death	Oceana Wardlaw Martin Snead (September 1885 -- November 29, 1909) also known as Ocey Snead, was drugged and drowned in East Orange, New Jersey, by her own family to collect $32,000 (equivalent to $840,000 in 2016) in insurance money.	Ocey Snead	East Orange
place of death	On 21 September 1962, Ouyang Yuqian died of an illness in Beijing.	Ouyang Yuqian	Beijing
place of death	Felix Dreyschock (27 December 1860 in Leipzig -- 1 August 1906 in Berlin) was a German pianist, nephew of Alexander Dreyschock.	Felix Dreyschock	Berlin
place of death	Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne (4 March 1773, Poivres - 2 August 1830 Clermont-Ferrand) was a French Empire baron and general.	Jean-Chrysostôme Bruneteau de Sainte-Suzanne	Clermont-Ferrand
place of death	Bodo von Borries (born 22 May 1905 in Herford, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany -- died 17 July 1956 in Aachen, North Rhine-Westphalia) was a German physicist.	Bodo von Borries	Aachen
place of death	Alfredo Bovet (Cully, Switzerland, May 6, 1909 - Renens, Switzerland, January 18, 1993) was a Swiss-born Italian cyclist.	Alfredo Bovet	Renens
place of death	Mike Penner (October 10, 1957 -- November 27, 2009) was an American sports writer for the Los Angeles Times.	Mike Penner	Los Angeles
place of death	Hermine Körner (30 May 1878 in Berlin - 14 December 1960) was a German actress, director and theater manager.	Hermine Körner	Berlin
place of death	Franziska Ellmenreich (January 28, 1847 in Schwerin -- October 20, 1931 in Herrsching am Ammersee) was a German stage actress.	Franziska Ellmenreich	Herrsching
place of death	Píndaro de Carvalho Rodrigues (1 June 1892 in São Paulo - 30 August 1965 in Rio de Janeiro) is a former Brazilian footballer and manager.	Píndaro de Carvalho Rodrigues	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Karl Mayreder (13 June 1856 in Mauer (today a suburb of Vienna) -- 9 September 1935 in Vienna) was an Austrian architect.	Karl Mayreder	Vienna
place of death	Albert Bruce Jackson (14 February 1876, in Newbury, Berkshire -- 14 January 1947, in Kew) was a British botanist and dendrologist.	Albert Bruce Jackson	Kew
place of death	Elizaphan Ntakirutimana (1924, in Kibuye, Rwanda -- January 22, 2007 in Arusha, Tanzania) was a pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Rwanda and was the first clergyman to be convicted for a role in the 1994 Rwandan Genocide.	Elizaphan Ntakirutimana	Arusha
place of death	James V. Kern (September 22, 1909, New York City, New York -- November 9, 1966, Encino, California) was an American singer, songwriter, screenwriter, actor, and director.	James V. Kern	Encino
place of death	John Neagle (4 November 1796 -- 17 September 1865) was a fashionable American painter, primarily of portraits, during the first half of the 19th century in Philadelphia.	John Neagle	Philadelphia
place of death	Henri Cliquet-Pleyel was a French composer born on March 12, 1894 in Paris, and died in that city on May 9, 1963.	Henri Cliquet-Pleyel	Paris
place of death	John Hart Hunter died of Congestion of the Lungs on February 12, 1872, at City Hospital in Galveston, Texas.	John Hart Hunter	Galveston
place of death	Cincinnato Baruzzi (Imola, 16 March 1796 -- Bologna, 28 January 1878) was an Italian sculptor and professor of the same subject at the Accademia di Belle Arti of Bologna from 1831 to 1859.	Cincinnato Baruzzi	Bologna
place of death	György Faludy (September 22, 1910, Budapest -- September 1, 2006, Budapest), sometimes anglicized as George Faludy, was a Hungarian-born poet, writer and translator.	György Faludy	Budapest
place of death	Eduardo Acevedo Díaz (Villa de la Unión, Montevideo, 20 April 1851 -- Buenos Aires, Argentina, 18 June 1921a), was a Uruguayan writer, politician and journalist.	Eduardo Acevedo Díaz	Buenos Aires
place of death	Norwegian biologist Kristine Bonnevie studied under Arnold Lang in Zürich in the years 1898-99.	Arnold Lang	Zürich
place of death	Angelo Italia (8 May 1628 -- 5 May 1700) was an Italian Jesuit and Baroque architect, who was born in Licata and died in Palermo.	Angelo Italia	Palermo
place of death	During the Gallic siege of Rome in 390 (or 387) BC, the account of which became partly mythologized, Marcus Manlius held out for months with a small garrison on the citadel (arx), while the rest of Rome was abandoned.	Marcus Manlius	Rome
place of death	Haroutiun Galentz (Armenian: Հարություն Կալենց; March 27, 1910 in Kyurin - March 7, 1967 in Yerevan), was a prolific Armenian painter.	Haroutiun Galentz	Yerevan
place of death	Saturnino Herrán Guinchard (Aguascalientes, Aguascalientes, 9 July 1887 -- 8 October 1918, Mexico City) was a Mexican painter.	Saturnino Herrán	Mexico City
place of death	Manuel Penella Moreno (July 31, 1880 in Valencia -- January 24, 1939 in Cuernavaca) was a Spanish composer.	Manuel Penella	Cuernavaca
place of death	Lorenzo Bettini (born January 15, 1931 in Villanuova sul Clisi; died January 21, 2008 in Gavardo) was an Italian professional football player.	Lorenzo Bettini	Gavardo
place of death	Emmy Lopes Dias (4 August 1919, in Hilversum -- 28 March 2005, in Laren) was a Dutch actress and activist who performed on stage, radio, and television.	Emmy Lopes Dias	Laren
place of death	Matteo Gribaldi Mofa (Chieri, c.1505 - Farges, September 1564) was an Italian legal scholar who became an Arian and defender of Michael Servetus.	Matteo Gribaldi	Farges
place of death	Carl G. Bachmann (May 14, 1890 -- January 22, 1980) was a United States Congressman from Wheeling, West Virginia.	Carl G. Bachmann	Wheeling
place of death	Werner Forman (13 January 1921 in Prague -- 13 February 2010 in London) was a Czech photographer.	Werner Forman	London
place of death	Giosuè Argenti (Viggiù, Province of Como, February 7, 1819 -- November 29, 1901) was an Italian sculptor.	Giosuè Argenti	Viggiù
place of death	Gerhard Henning (27 May 1880, Stockholm -- 16 September 1967, Hellerup) was a Swedish-Danish sculptor.	Gerhard Henning	Hellerup
place of death	Myokyo-ni lived at Fairlight (Luton), one of the Zen Centre's two training temples, where she received students and gave regular teisho (Zen talks).	Myokyo-ni	Luton
place of death	Ludwig Türck (June 22, 1810 - February 25, 1868) was an Austrian neurologist who was a native of Vienna.	Ludwig Türck	Vienna
place of death	İsmail Hakkı Bey (1883, Constantinople (Istanbul) - June 4, 1923, Keşan) was an officer of the Ottoman Army and the Turkish Army.	İsmail Hakkı Bey	Keşan
place of death	António Maria da Silva, GCTE (Portuguese pronunciation: (ɐ̃ˈtɔniu mɐˈɾiɐ dɐ ˈsiɫvɐ); 26 May 1872 in Lisbon -- 14 October 1950 in Lisbon) was a Portuguese politician.	António Maria da Silva	Lisbon
place of death	Christa Wolf (née Ihlenfeld; 18 March 1929, Landsberg an der Warthe -- 1 December 2011, Berlin) was a German literary critic, novelist, and essayist.	Christa Wolf	Berlin
place of death	Fritz Fiedler (born Potsdam 9 January 1899: died Schliersee 8 July 1972), was an automotive engineer.	Fritz Fiedler	Schliersee
place of death	Georg Renatus Solta (18 April 1919 in Vienna -- 2 May 2005) was an Austrian Indo-Europeanist who specialized in Balkan linguistics.	Georg Renatus Solta	Vienna
place of death	Jerónimo Merino Cob (Villoviado, Burgos Province, 1769 - Alençon, France, 1844), alias El Cura Merino (The Priest Merino) was a Spanish guerrilla fighter and priest.	Jerónimo Merino	Alençon
place of death	Giuseppe Solenghi (Milan, 1879 - Cernobbio (Province of Como), 1944) was an Italian painter, depicting mainly landscapes and cityscapes (vedute).	Giuseppe Solenghi	Cernobbio
place of death	Giacomo Fregoso or Campofregoso (1340--1420) was a politician and statesman who became the 10th doge of Genoa.	Giacomo Fregoso	Genoa
place of death	Charles Oberthür (14 September 1845, Rennes -- 1 June 1924) was a French entomologist specializing in Lepidoptera.	Charles Oberthür	Rennes
place of death	William Hailey Willis (April 29, 1916, Meridian, Mississippi -- July 13, 2000, Durham, North Carolina) was an American classicist and a leading twentieth century papyrologist.	William Hailey Willis	Durham
place of death	Hermann Bischoff (7 January 1868 in Duisburg -- 25 January 1936 in Berlin) was a German composer of classical music.	Hermann Bischoff	Berlin
place of death	Hans Habe (12 February 1911, Budapest -- 29 September 1977, Locarno) was an Austrian writer and newspaper publisher.	Hans Habe	Locarno
place of death	Monica Proietti (February 25, 1940 -- September 19, 1967) was a Montreal bank robber and folk hero better known as ``Machine Gun Molly'' (in French: Monica la Mitraille).	Monica Proietti	Montreal
place of death	George Noble Stearns (September 29, 1812 -- July 19, 1882) was a tool designer and founded the George N. Stearns Company, a hardware business, in 1860 in Syracuse, New York.	George N. Stearns	Syracuse
place of death	Cornelius Galle (bapt. 23 February 1615, Antwerp -- 18 October 1678, Antwerp), also called Cornelius Galle the Younger, was the grandson of Philip Galle and, like his father Cornelius Galle the Elder, and his grandfather, an engraver.	Cornelius Galle the Younger	Antwerp
place of death	Olavi Virta (originally to 1926 Oskari Olavi Ilmén) (27 February 1915 in Sysmä, Finland -- 14 July 1972 in Tampere, Finland) was a Finnish singer, acclaimed as the king of Finnish tango.	Olavi Virta	Tampere
place of death	William Balck (19 October 1858 in Osnabrück -- 15 July 1924 in Aurich) was a Prussian officer and military officer who reached the rank of generalleutnant during World War I.	William Balck	Aurich
place of death	Giovanni Battista Lenardi (active circa 1660, died after 1703) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period, active mainly in Rome.	Giovanni Battista Lenardi	Rome
place of death	Félix Auguste Clément (20 May 1826, Donzère - 2 February 1888, Algiers) was a French painter, known primarily for his Orientalist scenes.	Félix Auguste Clément	Algiers
place of death	Costantino Cedini (1741, Padua - 5 April 1811, Venice) was an Italian fresco painter and art professor.	Costantino Cedini	Venice
place of death	Laura Devon died of heart failure in Beverly Hills on July 19, 2007, aged 76.	Laura Devon	Beverly Hills
place of death	Cheikh Anta Diop University (formerly known as the University of Dakar), in Dakar, Senegal, is named after him.	Cheikh Anta Diop	Dakar
place of death	Jacqueline Nearne MBE (27 May 1916 in Brighton, England -- 15 August 1982 in London, England) was a secret agent for the British Special Operations Executive (SOE) in Nazi-occupied France during World War II.	Jacqueline Nearne	London
place of death	Aniela Zagórska (Lublin, 26 December 1881 -- 30 November 1943, Warsaw) was a Polish translator who rendered into Polish nearly all the works of Joseph Conrad.	Aniela Zagórska	Warsaw
place of death	Ivan Ivanov Bagryanov (Bulgarian: Иван Иванов Багрянов) (17 October 1891 in Razgrad -- 1 February 1945 in Sofia) was a leading Bulgarian politician who briefly served as Prime Minister during the Second World War.	Ivan Ivanov Bagryanov	Sofia
place of death	Julien Vallou de Villeneuve (12 December 1795 in Boissy-Saint-Léger -- 4 May 1866 in Paris) was a French painter, lithographer and photographer.	Julien Vallou de Villeneuve	Paris
place of death	Charles Spence Bate, FRS (March 16, 1819, Truro, Cornwall -- July 29, 1889, Devon) was a British zoologist and dentist.	Charles Spence Bate	Cornwall
place of death	Lily Elsie (born Elsie Hodder; 8 April 1886 -- 16 December 1962) was a popular English actress and singer during the Edwardian era, best known for her starring role in the hit London premiere of Franz Lehár's operetta The Merry Widow.	Lily Elsie	London
place of death	Mark Bourque was a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer killed while working for the United Nations in Cité Soleil, Haiti on Tuesday, December 20, 2005.	Mark Bourque	Cité Soleil
place of death	Jacob Haight Morrison, IV (March 12, 1905 -- December 4, 1974), was an attorney, journalist, author, and historical preservationist from New Orleans, Louisiana.	Jacob Haight Morrison	New Orleans
place of death	Kálmán Kerpely (Oravicabánya, Hungary (today Oraviţa, Romania), 11 October 1864 -- Budapest, Hungary, 24 June 1940) agronomist, agrochimist, a corresponding member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences.	Kálmán Kerpely	Budapest
place of death	John O. Reed (1929 London - 2012 Manchester) was an anthologist and translator of African literature.	John O. Reed	Manchester
place of death	Gladys Hulette died in Montebello, California in 1991, aged 95.	Gladys Hulette	Montebello
place of death	Wibod (or Guibod) (Italian: Wibodo or Guibodo) (died 895) was the Bishop of Parma from 855 until his death.	Wibod	Parma
place of death	Giuseppe Avezzana (born in Chieri, Piedmont, 19 February 1797; died Rome, 25 December 1879) was an Italian soldier who fought in Europe and America.	Giuseppe Avezzana	Rome
place of death	Anthony the Great, Anthony of Egypt, Anthony the Abbot, Anthony of the Desert, Anthony the Anchorite, and Anthony of Thebes.	Anthony the Great	Thebes
place of death	Adrien Barrère (baptised 'Adrien Baneux') (1874 Paris - 1931 Paris), was a French poster artist and painter, active in Paris during the Belle Époque.	Adrien Barrère	Paris
place of death	Hans Zerny (11 June 1887, Vienna-Währing -- 14 September 1945, Vienna) was an Austrian entomologist best known for his studies of Lepidoptera.	Hans Zerny	Vienna
place of death	Saint Candida the Elder (Italian: Candida la Vecchia) (died 78 AD) was an early Christian saint and resident of Naples, Italy.	Candida the Elder	Naples
place of death	Jean Pierre Étienne Vaucher (17 April 1763 -- 6 January 1841) was a Swiss Protestant pastor and botanist who was a native of Geneva.	Jean Pierre Étienne Vaucher	Geneva
place of death	William ap Thomas died in London in 1445 and his body was brought back to Wales.	William ap Thomas	London
place of death	Saint Guido of Acqui (also Wido) (c. 1004 -- 12 June 1070) was Bishop of Acqui (now Acqui Terme) in north-west Italy from 1034 until his death.	Guido of Acqui	Acqui Terme
place of death	William Holabird (September 11, 1854 in Amenia, New York -- July 19, 1923 in Evanston, Illinois) was an American architect.	William Holabird	Evanston
place of death	Eugen Bregant (29 January 1875 in Trieste, coastal land -- 18 November 1936 in Graz, Styria) was Major General, Colonel of the infantry (alpini) regiment No.1 and an officer of the Austrian Armed Forces in the First Republic of Austria.	Eugen Bregant	Graz
place of death	Dragutin Gorjanović-Kramberger (born October 25, 1856 in Zagreb, died December 24, 1936, Zagreb) was a Croatian geologist, paleontologist, and archeologist.	Dragutin Gorjanović-Kramberger	Zagreb
place of death	On 11 January 1918, Hans Kummetz clashed with Camels from No. 66 Squadron RAF over Conegliano, Italy.	Hans Kummetz	Conegliano
place of death	Adem Jashari (born Adem Shaban Jashari; 28 November 1955 -- 7 March 1998) was one of the founders of the Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA), a Kosovo Albanian separatist organization which fought for the secession of Kosovo from the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia during the 1990s.	Adem Jashari	Kosovo
place of death	Jyrki Hämäläinen died suddenly at the age of 65 at his home in Espoo, Finland, on 18 March 2008.	Jyrki Hämäläinen	Espoo
place of death	Abraham Solomon (London 7 May 1823 -- 19 December 1862 Biarritz) was an English painter.	Abraham Solomon	Biarritz
place of death	Jacob de Graeff (June 28, 1642 in Amsterdam -- April 21, 1690), was a member of the De Graeff-family from the Dutch Golden Age.	Jacob de Graeff	Amsterdam
place of death	Torsten Carleman (8 July 1892, Visseltofta, Osby Municipality -- 11 January 1949, Stockholm), born Tage Gillis Torsten Carleman, was a Swedish mathematician, known for his results in classical analysis and its applications.	Torsten Carleman	Stockholm
place of death	Joseph Cafasso (Italian: Giuseppe Cafasso; 15 January 1811 -- 23 June 1860) was an Italian Catholic priest who was a significant social reformer in early 19th-century Turin.	Joseph Cafasso	Turin
place of death	Hasanagha Turabov (Azerbaijani: Həsənağa Turabov, Russian: Гасанага Турабов, 1938 in Baku -- 2003 in Baku) was an Azerbaijani and Soviet actor, who starred in leading roles in numerous Azerbaijani films, including Yeddi Ogul Isterem, Babek.	Hasanagha Turabov	Baku
place of death	Eduardo Astengo (15 August 1905, in Lima, Perú -- 3 December 1969) was a Perùvian football Midfielder.	Eduardo Astengo	Lima
place of death	Barry Nelson died on April 7, 2007, while traveling in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, nine days before his 90th birthday.	Barry Nelson	Bucks County
place of death	Dolores Guadalupe García Escamilla (c. 1966 -- 16 April 2005) was a Mexican crime reporter and anchorwoman for Punto Rojo, a radio show from the XHNOE-FM radio station based in Nuevo Laredo, Tamaulipas, Mexico.	Dolores Guadalupe García Escamilla	Nuevo Laredo
place of death	Anton Elter (5 Märch 1858, Rosbach an der Sieg -- 5 November 1925, Bonn) was a German classical philologist.	Anton Elter	Bonn
place of death	Mitrofan Ban (Serbian Cyrillic: Митрофан Бан) was Bishop of Cetinje, Metropolitan of Montenegro, and exarch of the Patriarchate of Peć, of the Serbian Orthodox Church.	Mitrofan Ban	Cetinje
place of death	José Lins do Rego Cavalcanti (July 3, 1901 in Pilar Paraíba - September 12, 1957 in Rio de Janeiro) was a Brazilian novelist most known for his semi-autobiographical ``sugarcane cycle.''	José Lins do Rego	Rio de Janeiro
place of death	Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood (Russian: Владимир Владимирович Шервуд, also spelled Shervud, May 17, 1867 -- June 18, 1930), was a Russian architect who worked in Moscow in 1895-1914 in Art Nouveau style and modernized classics variant of Russian neoclassical revival that predated modernist architecture of the 1920s.	Vladimir Vladimirovich Sherwood	Moscow
place of death	Robert Tuttle Morris, also known as Bob Morris (May 14, 1857 in Seymour, Connecticut -- January 10, 1945 in Stamford) was an American surgeon and writer.	Robert Tuttle Morris	Stamford
place of death	Ralph Vary Chamberlin (January 3, 1879 -- October 31, 1967) was an American biologist, ethnographer, and historian from Salt Lake City, Utah.	Ralph Vary Chamberlin	Salt Lake City
place of death	Guy Stevens (13 April 1943 -- 28 August 1981) born in East Dulwich, London, worked in a number of different roles in the British music industry including producer and manager.	Guy Stevens	London
place of death	Hans Speidel died in 1984 at Bad Honnef, North Rhine-Westphalia, aged 87.	Hans Speidel	Bad Honnef
place of death	Angelo Capranica was born in Rome around 1415, the son of de Niccoló Pantagati da Capranica and his wife, Iacobella.	Angelo Capranica	Rome
place of death	Fred Hopkins (October 10, 1947 -- January 7, 1999) was a Chicago double bassist who played a major role in the development of the avant-garde jazz movement.	Fred Hopkins	Chicago
place of death	Gottfried Mind was born at Bern in the year 1768.	Gottfried Mind	Bern
place of death	Hank Moonjean died from pancreatic cancer at his Hollywood Hills residence on October 7, 2012, at the age of 82.	Hank Moonjean	Hollywood Hills
place of death	Romeu Pellicciari, also known as Romeu (born in Jundiai, March 26, 1911 -- died in São Paulo, July 15, 1971) was an association footballer in striker role.	Romeu Pellicciari	São Paulo
place of death	Marianne Grunthal (31 January 1896 - 2 May 1945, Schwerin) was a German teacher who was executed under the Nazi regime for expressing her wish for peace.	Marianne Grunthal	Schwerin
place of death	Anna Ticho (Hebrew: אנה טיכו) (born October 27, 1894, died March 1, 1980) was a Jewish artist who became famous for her drawings of the Jerusalem hills.	Anna Ticho	Jerusalem
place of death	Archie Baird (8 May 1919 -- 3 November 2009) was a Scottish association football player who played for Aberdeen and St Johnstone.	Archie Baird	Aberdeen
place of death	Carl Frederik Sørensen (8 February 1818, Besser, Samsø - 24 January 1879, Copenhagen) was a Danish artist who specialized in marine painting.	Carl Frederik Sørensen	Copenhagen
place of death	Ubaldo Bellugi (1899--1992) was an Italian poet, writer and playwright and Podestà of Massa.	Ubaldo Bellugi	Massa
place of death	Claude Louis d'Espinchal, marquis de Massiac (15 November 1686, Brest -- 15 August 1770, Paris) was a French Admiral and Minister.	Claude Louis d'Espinchal, marquis de Massiac	Paris
place of death	Giacomo Bosio arrived at Rome in 1587 and was appointed representative of the Hospitaller Order of the Holy See to the cardinal Gregorio Petrocchini.	Giacomo Bosio	Rome
place of death	Ernst Louis Étienne Laspeyres (November 28, 1834 -- August 4, 1913) was Professor ordinarius of economics and statistics or State Sciences and cameralistics (public finance and administration) in Basel, Riga, Dorpat (now Tartu), Karlsruhe, and finally for 26 years in Gießen.	Étienne Laspeyres	Gießen
place of death	M. B. Sreenivasan died of a heart attack in the Lakshadweep islands on 9 March 1988.	M. B. Sreenivasan	Lakshadweep
place of death	Walter Bartley Wilson (3 January 1870 -- 19 November 1954), was an artist, and is seen as the mainstay in the foundation of Cardiff City Football Club.	Walter Bartley Wilson	Cardiff
place of death	František Nušl (Czech pronunciation: (ˈfrantɪʃɛk ˈnuʃl̩); 3 December 1867, in Jindřichův Hradec -- 17 September 1951, in Prague) was a Czech astronomer and mathematician.	František Nušl	Prague
place of death	Alfa Castaldi (19 December 1926, Milan - 17 December 1995, Milan) was an Italian photographer.	Alfa Castaldi	Milan
place of death	Guy Mollet died in Paris in 1975 of a heart attack.	Guy Mollet	Paris
place of death	Léopold Reichling, (born March 11, 1921, in Luxembourg, died May 2, 2009) was a Luxembourg biologist and naturalist.	Léopold Reichling	Luxembourg
place of death	Jacques Dicker (1879, Khotyn, Bessarabia -- November 17, 1942, Geneva) was a Russian-born Swiss socialist politician and lawyer.	Jacques Dicker	Geneva
place of death	Abraham Oyanedel Urrutia (born Copiapó, 25 May 1874; died 28 January 1954) was president of Chile in 1932.	Abraham Oyanedel	Chile
place of death	Valentino Rovisi (December 1715 in Moena -- 12 March 1783 in Moena) was an Italian painter in a late Baroque style.	Valentino Rovisi	Moena
place of death	Born in Rocca Canterano, a town near Rome, Florestano Di Fausto studied in Rome, first getting the Laurea in Architecture at the Accademia di belle Arti, and then (1922) in civil Engineering.	Florestano Di Fausto	Rome
place of death	Valentí Almirall i Llozer (Catalan pronunciation: (bəɫənˈti əɫmiˈɾaʎ); Barcelona, 8 March 1841 -- 1904) was a Catalan politician, considered one of the fathers of modern Catalan nationalism, and more specifically, of the left-winged nationalism.	Valentí Almirall i Llozer	Barcelona
place of death	Delesio Antonio Berni (Rosario, 14 May 1905 - Buenos Aires, 13 October 1981) was an Argentine figurative artist.	Antonio Berni	Buenos Aires
place of death	Thomas Blanchard (June 24, 1788 -- April 16, 1864) was an American inventor who lived much of his life in Springfield, Massachusetts, where in 1819, he pioneered the assembly line style of mass production in America, and also invented the major technological innovation known as interchangeable parts.	Thomas Blanchard	Springfield
place of death	The Blessed Karl Leisner (28 February 1915, Rees -- 12 August 1945, Planegg, Germany) was a Roman Catholic priest interned in the Dachau concentration camp.	Karl Leisner	Planegg
place of death	Arkadi Maslow (Ukrainian: Аркадій Маслов; Russian: Аркадий Маслов), born Isaak Yefimowich Chemerinsky (Ukrainian: Ісаак Юхимович Чемеринський; Russian: Исаак Ефимович Чемеринский) (March 9, 1891 in Jelisawetgrad, Ukraine -- November 20, 1941 in Havana, Cuba) was a communist politician.	Arkadi Maslow	Havana
place of death	Hans Martin Sutermeister (September 29, 1907 in Schlossrued - May 4, 1977 in Basel; pen name: Hans Moehrlen) was a Swiss physician and medical writer, politician, and activist against miscarriages of justice.	Hans Martin Sutermeister	Basel
place of death	Derenik Demirchian marvelled at Norayr's performances in the poetic circles of the old Yerevan, calling Norayr Mnatsakanyan ``a unique vocal interpreter of the popular consciousness, scattered bits of which are present in every Armenian individual.''	Norayr Mnatsakanyan	Yerevan
place of death	Frank Isola (b.February 20, 1925 - d. December 12, 2004 in Detroit, Michigan) was an American jazz drummer.	Frank Isola	Detroit
place of death	Born in Pirna, Saxony, Eva Schulze-Knabe studied from 1924 to 1926 in Leipzig and from 1928 to 1932 at the Dresden Art Academy.	Eva Schulze-Knabe	Dresden
place of death	Joseph Héliodore Sagesse Vertu Garcin de Tassy (25 January 1794, Marseille - 2 September 1878) was a French orientalist.	Garcin de Tassy	Marseille
place of death	Antoine, or Anton Mirou (1578, Antwerp -- 1621/1627, Frankenthal), was a Flemish Baroque landscape painter of the Frankenthal school.	Anton Mirou	Antwerp
place of death	Arthur A. Ross (February 4, 1920 Chicago, Illinois - November 11, 2008 Los Angeles, California) was an American film and television screenwriter, best known for writing the Oscar-nominated script for Brubaker and for co-writing The Creature from the Black Lagoon.	Arthur A. Ross	Los Angeles
place of death	On June 17, 2004, Steven Oken was executed by lethal injection at the Metropolitan Transition Center in Baltimore at age 42.	Steven Oken	Baltimore
place of death	Idrees Sulieman (August 7, 1923 -- July 23, 2002, both in St. Petersburg, Florida) was a bop and hard bop trumpeter.	Idrees Sulieman	St. Petersburg
place of death	Alberto Radicati, Count of Passerano (Torino, 11 November 1698 -- 24 October 1737, The Hague), was an 18th-century historian, philosopher and free-thinker.	Alberto Radicati	The Hague
place of death	Johann Christoph Friedrich Klug (5 May 1775, in Berlin -- 3 February 1856, in Berlin), was a German entomologist.	Johann Christoph Friedrich Klug	Berlin
place of death	Philippe Jules François Mancini (Paris, 1676-Paris, 1768), duc de Nivernais was a French aristocrat and member of the Mancini family.	Philippe Jules François Mancini	Paris
place of death	Thomson Francis Mason (1785 -- 21 December 1838) was a prominent jurist, lawyer, councilman, judge, and the mayor of Alexandria, District of Columbia (now Virginia) between 1827 and 1830.	Thomson Francis Mason	Alexandria
place of death	Samuel Khachikian (Armenian: Սամուէլ Խաչիկեան Armenian pronunciation: (sɑm'vɛl χɑtʃʰik'jɑn); Persian: ساموئل خاچیکیان‎‎ ;October 21, 1923, Tabriz Iran, -- 22 October 2001, Tehran) was an Iranian film director, screenwriter, author, and film editor of Armenian descent.	Samuel Khachikian	Tehran
place of death	Hans von Hentig (9 June 1887, Berlin -- 6 July 1974, Bad Tölz) was a German criminal psychologist and politician.	Hans von Hentig	Bad Tölz
place of death	Georges Arnoux (3 August 1891 in Paris -- 11 November 1971 in Vevey, Switzerland) was a composer.	Georges Arnoux	Vevey
place of death	William George Roughton (11 May 1909--7 June 1989) was a professional footballer who played for Huddersfield Town and Manchester United in the 1930s and was subsequently manager of Exeter City and Southampton.	George Roughton	Southampton
place of death	Nicolai Wergeland (9 November 1780, in Hosanger (now Osterøy) -- 25 March 1848, in Eidsvoll) was a Norwegian priest, writer and politician, and a member of the Norwegian Constituent Assembly at Eidsvoll that wrote the Constitution of Norway on 17 May 1814.	Nicolai Wergeland	Eidsvoll
place of death	Carlo Raimondi (Bocche di Cattaro, December 24, 1809 - Parma, January 5, 1883) was an Italian engraver and painter, active mainly at Parma.	Carlo Raimondi	Parma
place of death	Jakob Rem became chancellor of the Jesuit Seminary at Ingolstadt in 1586, a position he would hold until his death.	Jakob Rem	Ingolstadt
place of death	Christoph Rudolff (born 1499 in Jawor, Silesia, died 1545 in Vienna) was the author of the first German textbook on algebra.	Christoph Rudolff	Vienna
place of death	Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint (21 June 1853 -- 1 December 1930) was a Danish architect, designer, painter and architectural theorist, best known for designing Grundtvig's Church in Copenhagen, generally considered to be one of the most important Danish architectural works of the time.	Peder Vilhelm Jensen-Klint	Copenhagen
place of death	Gösta Krantz was born in Ektorp in Nacka south-east of Stockholm.	Gösta Krantz	Stockholm
place of death	Duarte Leite Pereira da Silva, GCC (11 August 1864 in Porto -- 29 September 1950 in Porto; Portuguese pronunciation: (duˈaɾt(ɨ) ˈlɐjt(ɨ))), was a Portuguese historian, mathematician, journalist, diplomat and politician.	Duarte Leite	Porto
place of death	Kazimierz Krukowski (born 2 February 1901 in Łódź -- died 24 December 1984 in Warsaw) was a Polish Jewish cabaret performer and writer, revue and film actor.	Kazimierz Krukowski	Warsaw
place of death	Andrei Mureșanu (Romanian pronunciation: (anˈdrej mureˈʃanu); November 16, 1816 in Bistrița -- October 12, 1863 in Brașov) was a Romanian poet and revolutionary of Transylvania (then in the Habsburg Monarchy).	Andrei Mureșanu	Brașov
place of death	Banda and his followers were then taken to Delhi and were mercilessly tortured and executed along with their families by the orders of Mughal Emperor Farrukhsiyar in the year 1716.	Farrukhsiyar	Delhi
place of death	Julius Houseman (December 8, 1832 -- February 8, 1891) was a U.S. businessman and politician who served as mayor of Grand Rapids, Michigan, as representative in the Michigan House of Representatives and as Congressman in the U.S. House of Representatives.	Julius Houseman	Grand Rapids
place of death	Giuseppe Maria Jacchini (16 July 1667 in Bologna -- 2 May 1727) was an Italian cellist and composer.	Giuseppe Maria Jacchini	Bologna
place of death	Leopold Einstein (born Löb in 1833, died 8 September 1890 in Nuremberg) was a Jewish teacher, vendor, and writer.	Leopold Einstein	Nuremberg
place of death	Simon Plössl (September 19, 1794, Vienna - January 29, 1868, Vienna) was an Austrian optical instrument maker.	Simon Plössl	Vienna
place of death	Oton Vinski (born Otto Weiss; Osijek, March 20, 1877 -- 1942, Jasenovac concentration camp) was an influential Croatian banker who was killed during the Holocaust.	Oton Vinski	Jasenovac concentration camp
place of death	Eleuterio Maisonnave y Cutayar (6 September 1840 in Alicante, Spain -- 5 May 1890 in Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish politician who served as Minister of State in 1873, during the presidency of Francisco Pi y Margall in the First Spanish Republic.	Eleuterio Maisonnave y Cutayar	Alicante
place of death	Aleksandar Deroko (Cyrillic: Александар Дероко; September 4, 1894 in Belgrade - November 30, 1988 in Belgrade) was a famous Serbian architect, artist, and author.	Aleksandar Deroko	Belgrade
place of death	Karl Patterson Schmidt (June 19, 1890, Lake Forest, Illinois -- September 26, 1957, Chicago) was an American herpetologist.	Karl Patterson Schmidt	Chicago
place of death	Jaan Poska VR III/1 (24 January (O.S. 12 January) 1866, Laiusevälja, Kreis Dorpat, Governorate of Livonia -- 7 March 1920, Tallinn, Estonia) was an Estonian barrister and politician.	Jaan Poska	Tallinn
place of death	Matthias Joseph Anker (May 6, 1771 -- April 3, 1843) was an Austrian mineralogist and geologist born in Graz.	Matthias Joseph Anker	Graz
place of death	Salvatore Sciascia (Italian pronunciation: (salvaˈtoːre ˈʃaʃʃa); Sommatino, May 11, 1919 - Bari, 19 April 1986) was an Italian publisher.	Salvatore Sciascia	Bari
place of death	Prince Konstantin of Bavaria lost his life on 30 July 1969 in a plane crash near Hechingen, Baden-Württemberg and is buried at the Andechs Abbey cemetery in Bavaria.	Prince Konstantin of Bavaria	Hechingen
place of death	Emilio Veratti (24 March 1872, Varese - 24 February 1967) was an Italian anatomist and pathologist.	Emilio Veratti	Varese
place of death	Nordisk familjebok, article Vilhelm av Sabina In Swedish Nordisk familjebok, article Jarler In Swedish Svea Rikes Ärkebiskopar, 1935, Uppsala	Jarler	Uppsala
place of death	Karl Friedrich Henckell (17 April 1864, Hanover -- 30 July 1929, Lindau) was a German author, poet, and publisher.	Karl Friedrich Henckell	Lindau
place of death	András Kun (1911 -- 19 September 1945 in Budapest, Hungary) was a Roman Catholic priest of the Franciscan Order.	András Kun	Budapest
place of death	Benno Ohnesorg (German pronunciation: (ˈbɛno ˈʔoːnəzɔɐ̯k), October 15, 1940 -- June 2, 1967) was a German university student killed by a policeman during a demonstration in West Berlin.	Benno Ohnesorg	Berlin
place of death	Edward Two-Two (c.1851 in the USA; died July 27, 1914 Essen, Germany) was a Lakota Sioux Native American who appeared at the beginning of the 20th century at Hagenbeck in Hamburg, Germany, and in the Sarrasani circus in Dresden educating and entertaining German audiences of Native American life.	Edward Two-Two	Essen
place of death	Jean-Baptiste Boussingault - an agricultural scientist and chemist of importance - was born in Paris.	Jean-Baptiste Boussingault	Paris
place of death	Raymond Cecil Moore (February 20, 1892, Roslyn, Washington -- April 16, 1974, Lawrence, Kansas) was an American geologist and paleontologist.	Raymond Cecil Moore	Lawrence
place of death	Michel Magne (20 March 1930 in Lisieux, Calvados, France -- 19 December 1984 in Cergy-Pontoise, Val-d'Oise) was a French film and experimental music composer.	Michel Magne	Cergy
place of death	Emil Barth (Heidelberg, 23 April 1879 - Berlin, 17 July 1941) was a German Social Democratic metal worker who became a key figure in the German Revolution of 1918.	Emil Barth	Berlin
place of death	Félix Lope de Vega y Carpio was born in Madrid to a family of undistinguished origins, recent arrivals in the capital from Valle de Carriedo in Cantabria.	Lope de Vega	Madrid
place of death	John Ongman (November 15, 1844 -- February 28, 1931) was a Swedish Baptist pastor and founder of the Örebro Missionary Society and Örebro Missionary School.	John Ongman	Örebro
place of death	Thomas Binkley (Cleveland, Ohio, December 26, 1931 - Bloomington, Indiana, April 28, 1995) was an American lutenist and early music scholar.	Thomas Binkley	Bloomington
place of death	Georg Dieck (28 April 1847 Zöschen -- 21 October 1925 Zöschen ) was a German entomologist and botanist.	Georg Dieck	Zöschen
place of death	Semen Hryzlo was born sometime in the late 1880s in the town of Katerynopil, Zvenigorod uyezd, in the Kiev Governorate, and worked as a scribe and teacher at a local rural school.	Semen Hryzlo	Kiev Governorate
place of death	Werner Rauh (16 May 1913 in Niemegk -- 7 April 2000 in Heidelberg) was an internationally renowned German biologist, botanist and author.	Werner Rauh	Heidelberg
place of death	Jorge Góngora Montalván (born October 12, 1906 in Lima, Peru -- died June 25, 1999 in Lima, Peru) was a former Peruvian footballer who played for clubs Universitario de Deportes in Peru, Unión Española in Chile and the Peru national football team in the FIFA World Cup Uruguay 1930.	Jorge Góngora	Lima
place of death	Gianni Colombo (Milan 1933 -- Melzo 1993) was an Italian artist, member of the kinetic art movement.	Gianni Colombo	Melzo
place of death	Polykarp Leyser IV (4 September 1690 in Wunstorf -- 7 April 1728 in Helmstedt) was a German Lutheran theologian, philosopher, physician, lawyer and historian.	Polykarp Leyser IV	Helmstedt
place of death	Gustav Konstantin von Alvensleben, called Alvo von Alvensleben (born 25 July 1879 in Neugattersleben; died October 22, 1965 in Seattle, USA) was a German entrepreneur based in Vancouver, British Columbia Canada and Seattle, Washington USA.	Gustav Konstantin von Alvensleben	Seattle
place of death	Nicolaus Olahus (Latin for Nicholas, the Vlach; Hungarian: Oláh Miklós; Romanian: Nicolae Valahul); 10 January 1493, Sibiu/Hermannstadt - 15 January 1568, Trnava/Nagyszombat) was the Archbishop of Esztergom, Primate of Hungary, and a distinguished Roman Catholic prelate, of Romanian descent.	Nicolaus Olahus	Trnava
place of death	Ruprecht von Eggenberg (1546 -- 7 February 1611, Graz, Styria) was an Austrian colonel-general from the Duchy of Styria in Inner Austria, part of the Holy Roman Empire.	Ruprecht von Eggenberg	Graz
place of death	Julio Jiménez Rueda (b. Mexico City, April 10, 1896 -- d. Mexico City, June 25, 1960) was a Mexican lawyer, writer, playwright and diplomat.	Julio Jiménez Rueda	Mexico City
place of death	Anita Augspurg (22 September 1857 Verden an der Aller -- 20 December 1943 Zürich) was a German jurist, actress, writer, activist of the radical feminist movement and a pacifist.	Anita Augspurg	Zürich
place of death	Gabriel-Julien Ouvrard was a French financier who was born in Moulins d'Antières at Cugand (Vendée) on 11 October 1770 and who died in London in October 1846.	Gabriel-Julien Ouvrard	London
place of death	Ignace Mobarak (born 26 September 1876 in Rismayya, Lebanon - died on 19 May 1958 in Beirut, Lebanon) was an Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Beirut.	Ignace Mobarak	Beirut
place of death	Hendrik Jacobus Scholten (1824, Amsterdam -- 1907, Heemstede), was a 19th-century painter from the Netherlands.	Hendrik Jacobus Scholten	Heemstede
place of death	Otto Antonius (21 May 1885 in Vienna -- 9 April 1945 in Vienna) was director of the Tiergarten Schönbrunn in Vienna, zoologist, palaeontologist and co-founder of the modern zoological biology.	Otto Antonius	Vienna
place of death	Max Lackmann (* 28 February 1910 in Erfurt; † 11 January 2000 in Fulda) was a German Lutheran ecumenist.	Max Lackmann	Fulda
place of death	Lisa Negri (born Elisa Biondi, São Paulo, July 11, 1941 -- died December 19, 2014) was a Brazilian actress.	Lisa Negri	São Paulo
place of death	Jérôme Besoigne (1686 in Paris -- 1763) was a prominent Jansenist apologist and oppositionist to the Bull ``Unigenitus.''	Jérôme Besoigne	Paris
place of death	Melchior Berri (born October 20, 1801 in Basel, died May 12, 1854 in Basel) was a well-known Swiss architect.	Melchior Berri	Basel
place of death	Ragnar Östberg (14 July 1866 -- 5 February 1945) was a Swedish architect who is best known for designing Stockholm City Hall.	Ragnar Östberg	Stockholm
place of death	Jan Baptist van der Hulst (2 March 1790 in Leuven - 16 May 1862 in Brussels) was a Flemish painter and lithographer.	Jan Baptist van der Hulst	Brussels
place of death	Antonio da Lonate (born 1456-1457, Lonate Pozzolo - died after 1541, Milan) was an Italian architect who is known for his Renaissance architecture.	Antonio da Lonate	Milan
place of death	Agostino Barelli (1627, Bologna -- c. 1687, Bologna) was an Italian architect of the Baroque.	Agostino Barelli	Bologna
place of death	Georg Anton Rollett (2 August 1778 - 19 March 1842) was an Austrian naturalist and physician born in Baden bei Wien, Niederösterreich.	Georg Anton Rollett	Baden bei Wien
place of death	Connie Kreski (September 19, 1946, Wyandotte, Michigan -- March 21, 1995, Beverly Hills, California) was an American model and actress.	Connie Kreski	Beverly Hills
place of death	As another brother of Karim Khan, Sadiq Khan Zand, had left Shiraz, then the capital, and was gathering an army in Kerman ostensibly in support of Abol Fath Khan, Zaki Khan even had Abol Fath imprisoned.	Abol Fath Khan	Shiraz
place of death	František Drtikol (3 March 1883, Příbram -- 13 January 1961, Prague) was a Czech photographer of international renown.	František Drtikol	Prague
place of death	Luther Ely Smith (June 11, 1873 -- April 2, 1951) was a St. Louis, Missouri lawyer and civic booster.	Luther Ely Smith	St. Louis
place of death	Dathus or Datus, was elected Bishop of Ravenna, when miraculously, a dove appeared above his head.	Dathus	Ravenna
place of death	Henry Wolrad, Count of Waldeck (28 March 1642 in Culemborg -- 15 July 1664 in Graz) was from 1645 Count of Waldeck-Eisenberg and Lord of Culemborg.	Henry Wolrad, Count of Waldeck	Graz
place of death	Joaquín Nin y Castellanos (September 29, 1879, Havana -- October 24, 1949, Havana) was a Cuban pianist and composer.	Joaquín Nin	Havana
place of death	On June 17, 1948, while en route from Los Angeles to New York City, Beryl Wallace and Earl Carroll died in the crash of United Airlines Flight 624 in Aristes, Pennsylvania.	Beryl Wallace	Aristes
place of death	Josef Pöhs was killed on 30 December 1943 when the Messerschmitt Me 163 that he was flying was shot down over Bad Zwischenahn.	Josef Pöhs	Bad Zwischenahn
place of death	Emilio Usiglio (January 8, 1841 in Parma -- July 7, 1910 in Milan) was an Italian composer and conductor.	Emilio Usiglio	Milan
place of death	In 1873, his nephew became president of Kansas State Agricultural College in Manhattan, Kansas, and in 1880, John Byers Anderson also moved to Manhattan, where he would remain for the rest of his life.	John Byers Anderson	Manhattan
place of death	Antonio Zatta (fl. 1757 -- April 2, 1797) was an Italian cartographer who was based in Venice.	Antonio Zatta	Venice
place of death	Theophilus Brown resided in San Francisco, California at the time of his death.	Theophilus Brown	San Francisco
place of death	Giuseppe Callegari (November 4, 1841 -- April 14, 1906) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Bishop of Padua from 1882 until his death and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1903.	Giuseppe Callegari	Padua
place of death	Karl Schelenz (born February 6, 1890 in Berlin; died February 7, 1956) was a German sport teacher.	Karl Schelenz	Berlin
place of death	Abraham Enschedé (20 March 1760 in Haarlem -- 2 August 1820 in Haarlem) was a Dutch newspaper editor and printer.	Abraham Enschedé	Haarlem
place of death	Dr. Iulius Iancu is a member of Asociaţia Medicilor Scriitori/ The Association Of The Doctors Writers of Romania, of The ``Haifa'' Literary Club and of The ``Şai Agnon'' Cultural Club.	Iulius Iancu	Haifa
place of death	Ephraim Carlebach (March 12, 1879 in Lübeck -- 1936 in Ramat Gan, British Mandate of Palestine), was a German-born Orthodox rabbi.	Ephraim Carlebach	Ramat Gan
place of death	Louis François Dauprat (born 24 May 1781 in Paris, died 16 July 1868 in Paris) was a French horn player, composer and music professor at the Conservatoire de Paris.	Louis François Dauprat	Paris
place of death	Johann Jakob Wick (* 1522 in Zürich; † 14. August 1588 Zürich) was a Protestant clergyman.	Johann Jakob Wick	Zürich
place of death	Salomon Kohn (8 March 1825 Prague - 6 November 1904 Prague) was an Austrian novelist.	Salomon Kohn	Prague
place of death	Slavko Beda (17 October 1919 in Zagreb -- 8 June 1975 in Zagreb) was a Croatian footballer who played internationally for the Croatian national team.	Slavko Beda	Zagreb
place of death	Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach (21 March 1809 -- 21 April 1882) was a privy councillor, member of the Prussian House of Lords, and served as Lord Mayor of the city of Magdeburg from 1851 to 1881.	Carl Gustav Friedrich Hasselbach	Magdeburg
place of death	Félix-Henri Giacomotti (19 November 1828, Quingey - 10 May 1909, Besançon) was a French painter and muralist of Italian ancestry who specialized in historical and religious works.	Félix-Henri Giacomotti	Besançon
place of death	The original automobile ran for 120,000 km. Aurel Persu donated it fully functional in 1961 to the Dimitrie Leonida Technical Museum in Bucharest.	Aurel Persu	Bucharest
place of death	On January 25, 1934 Aliya bint Ali married her first cousin, King Ghazi I of Iraq in Baghdad, Iraq.	Aliya bint Ali	Baghdad
place of death	Frank Cuhel (Frank Josef Cuhel; September 28, 1904 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa -- February 22, 1943 in Lisbon, Portugal) was an American athlete who competed mainly in the 400 metre hurdles.	Frank Cuhel	Lisbon
place of death	Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde (June 30, 1873, Breslau (now Wrocław) -- March 14, 1942, Berlin-Dahlem) was a German botanist.	Friedrich Karl Georg Fedde	Dahlem
place of death	William Perlberg (October 22, 1900, Łódź, Poland -- October 31, 1968, Los Angeles, California) was an American film producer.	William Perlberg	Los Angeles
place of death	William-Adolphe Bouguereau was born in La Rochelle, France, on November 30, 1825, into a family of wine and olive oil merchants.	William-Adolphe Bouguereau	La Rochelle
place of death	Josef Kopta (16 June 1894 in Libochovice, Bohemia -- 3 April 1962 in Prague) was a Czech writer and journalist.	Josef Kopta	Prague
place of death	``Perhaps the most famous lawyer-client disagreements recorded in legal lore were the ones which developed between Clarence Darrow, indicted for attempted jury bribery in Los Angeles in 1912, and his chief counsel, legendary Los Angeles criminal lawyer Earl Rogers.	Earl Rogers	Los Angeles
place of death	William John Herbert Arthur, known as Herby Arthur (14 February 1863 -- 27 November 1930) was an English football player who played for Blackburn Rovers, as well as the English national side.	Herby Arthur	Blackburn
place of death	François de Tournon (1489 in Tournon-sur-Rhône -- 1562 in Saint-Germain-en-Laye) was a French Augustinian diplomat and Cardinal.	François de Tournon	Saint-Germain-en-Laye
place of death	Alexander Arkadyevich Suvorov, Prince Italsky, Count Rymniksky (Russian: Алекса́ндр Арка́дьевич Суво́ров; 13 June 1804, Saint Petersburg -- 12 February 1882, Saint Petersburg), was a Russian general, diplomat and politician.	Alexander Arkadyevich Suvorov	Saint Petersburg
place of death	Mother Mary Bernard Laughlin, S.P., (August 12, 1876 -- October 6, 1948) was the Superior General of the Sisters of Providence of Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana, from 1938 to 1948.	Mary Bernard Laughlin	Saint Mary-of-the-Woods
place of death	Alexander Kolisko (6 November 1857 - 23 February 1918) was an Austrian pathologist who was a native of Vienna.	Alexander Kolisko	Vienna
place of death	Emmanuel-Charles Bénézit (Paris, 1887 -- Hyères, 1975) was a painter and art curator.	Emmanuel-Charles Bénézit	Hyères
place of death	Reuben Harrison Hunt (February 2, 1862 -- May 28, 1937), also known as R. H. Hunt, was an American architect who spent most of his life in Chattanooga, Tennessee.	R. H. Hunt	Chattanooga
place of death	Gottlieb von Jagow (22 June 1863, Berlin -- 11 January 1935, Potsdam) was a German diplomat.	Gottlieb von Jagow	Potsdam
place of death	Comandante General Gregorio Aráoz de Lamadrid (or ``de La Madrid''; San Miguel de Tucumán, 1795 -- Buenos Aires, 1857) was an Argentine military officer and, briefly, governor of several provinces like Córdoba, Mendoza and his native province of Tucumán.	Gregorio Aráoz de Lamadrid	Buenos Aires
place of death	Nicolas Barone (6 March 1931 in Paris, France -- 31 May 2003 in Mougins, France) is a former French professional road bicycle racer.	Nicolas Barone	Mougins
place of death	Johann Baptist Mehler (14 June 1860 in Tirschenreuth, Oberpfalz, died 15 March 1930 in Regensburg ) was a German Catholic priest, prelate, and religious writer of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Regensburg.	Johann Baptist Mehler	Regensburg
place of death	In 1950, Louis Féraud created his first ``Maison de Couture'' in Cannes and by 1955 had established a couture house in Paris on 88, Rue du Faubourg Saint Honoré and 57, rue Pierre-Charonne.	Louis Féraud	Paris
place of death	Alphonse Le Gastelois (14 October 1914 -- 3 June 2012) was an agricultural worker and fisherman from Jersey who lived in self-imposed exile on the Écréhous reef for 14 years after being wrongly accused of a string of sexual assaults on children.	Alphonse Le Gastelois	Jersey
place of death	Charles Albert Cannon (November 29, 1892 -- April 2, 1971) was born, lived and died in Concord, North Carolina.	Charles Albert Cannon	Concord, North Carolina
place of death	William of Capparone was a German captain of Palermo who came to power as the regent of Sicily and guardian of future emperor Frederick II in 1202 after the death of Markward von Anweiler.	William of Capparone	Palermo
place of death	Rudolf Benesh (January 16, 1916 -- May 3, 1975 in London, England) was a mathematician and created the Benesh Movement Notation for dancing.	Rudolf Benesh	London
place of death	Félix Lecomte (1737, Paris -- 1817, Paris) was a French sculptor in the second half of the Eighteenth Century.	Félix Lecomte	Paris
place of death	Albert Steffen (December 10, 1884, Wynau, Switzerland -- July 13, 1963, Dornach, Switzerland) was a poet, painter, dramatist, essayist, and novelist.	Albert Steffen	Dornach
place of death	Ercole Lelli (14 September 1702-- 7 March 1766) was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque, active mainly in Northern Italy, including his native city of Bologna, as well as Padua and Piacenza.	Ercole Lelli	Bologna
place of death	Edward Linden (born Edwin Gilbert Linden, August 26, 1891 in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, USA; died November 15, 1956 (age 68) in Los Angeles, California, USA) was an American cinematographer.	Edward Linden	Los Angeles
place of death	Paolo Alboino della Scala (1343 -- 16 October 1375) was a lord of Verona of the Scaliger dynasty.	Paolo Alboino della Scala	Verona
place of death	Jean Abel Gruvel (14 February 1870, Le Fleix -- 18 August 1941, Dinard) was a French marine biologist known for his research of cirripedes.	Jean Abel Gruvel	Dinard
place of death	Chancy Lamb was a pioneer in the lumber industry in Clinton, Iowa.	Chancy Lamb	Clinton, Iowa
place of death	Manohar Arjun Surve (8 August 1944 -- 11 January 1982), popularly known as Manya Surve, was one of the dons who made an impact in the Mumbai underworld.	Manya Surve	Mumbai
place of death	Blas Infante Pérez de Vargas (Casares, Spain; 5 July 1885 -- Seville, Spain; 11 August 1936) was an Andalucista politician, writer, historian and musicologist, known as the father of Andalusian nationalism (Padre de la Patria Andaluza).	Blas Infante	Seville
place of death	Mary Allerton Cushman (c. 1616 -- 28 November 1699) was a settler of Plymouth Colony in what is now Massachusetts.	Mary Allerton	Plymouth
place of death	Nathan Straus (January 31, 1848 -- January 11, 1931) was an American merchant and philanthropist who co-owned two of New York City's biggest department stores, R.H. Macy & Company and Abraham & Straus.	Nathan Straus	New York City
place of death	Yusuf Akçura (Tatar: Йосыф Акчура; 2 December 1876, Simbirsk, Russia - 11 March 1935, Istanbul, Turkey) was a prominent Tatar-Turkish activist and ideologue of Turanism.	Yusuf Akçura	Istanbul
place of death	William Canniff, (born in Thurlow, Upper Canada, 20 June 1830; died in Belleville, Ontario 18 October 1910) was a surgeon, public health pioneer, historian and advocate of Canadian nationalism.	William Canniff	Belleville
place of death	Lanfranc (Latin: Lanfrancus; 1005 x 1010 at Pavia -- 24 May 1089 at Canterbury) was a celebrated Italian jurist who renounced his career to become a Benedictine monk at Bec in Normandy.	Lanfranc	Canterbury
place of death	Robert Bonnaud (13 November 1929 -- 22 January 2013) was a French anti-colonialist historian and professor of history at the Paris VII Jussieu University.	Robert Bonnaud	Paris
place of death	Badr al‐Dīn ʿAbd al‐Wājid (or Wāḥid) ibn Muḥammad ibn Muḥammad al‐Ḥanafī (born in Mashhad, Iran -- 1434 Kütahya, Turkey) was a notable Islamic astronomer who taught in the Ottoman Demirkapi Madrasa, a school for astronomical observation and instruction that was later renamed to the Wājidiyya Madrasa in his honor.	ʿAbd al‐Wājid	Kütahya
place of death	Ulrick Chérubin (December 24, 1943 -- September 25, 2014) was a Canadian politician, who served as mayor of Amos, Quebec, from 2002 until his death in 2014.	Ulrick Chérubin	Amos
place of death	John Benton Callis (January 3, 1828 -- September 24, 1898) was an American businessman from Lancaster, Wisconsin who served as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War and as a postbellum U.S. Representative from Alabama.	John Benton Callis	Lancaster
place of death	Hein ten Hoff (19 November 1919, Süddorf, Netherlands -- 13 June 2003, Hamburg, Germany) was a German boxer and Präsident des Bundes Deutscher Berufsboxer (BDB).	Hein ten Hoff	Hamburg
place of death	Boris Skossyreff (June 12, 1896, Vilnius -- 1989, Boppard), or Skosyrev °?(Russian: Борис Скосырев was an adventurer of noble Lithuanian background, who attempted to seize power in the European state of Andorra during the early 1930s.	Boris Skossyreff	Boppard
place of death	Wilhelm Kandler or, in Czech, Vilém Kandler (28 February 1816, Chrastava - 18 May 1896 in Prague), was a Bohemian German painter, illustrator, engraver and amateur essayist.	Wilhelm Kandler	Prague
place of death	François Doumergue (11 May 1858, Carcassonne -- 24 December 1938, Oran, Algeria) was a French naturalist remembered for his scientific investigations within the department of Oran.	François Doumergue	Oran
place of death	Aimé Dupont (1842 -- 16 February 1900) was a Belgian-born American sculptor and photographer who was best known for his pictures of opera singers when he was the official photographer for the Metropolitan Opera in New York City.	Aimé Dupont	New York City
place of death	Hermann Dessau (April 6, 1856, Frankfurt am Main - April 12, 1931, Berlin) was a German ancient historian and epigrapher.	Hermann Dessau	Berlin
place of death	Des Harlock (20 December 1922 -- 6 April 1981) was a Welsh footballer who played as an outside right for Liverpool, Tranmere Rovers and Stafford Rangers.	Des Harlock	Liverpool
place of death	Giuseppe Genco Russo (Mussomeli, January 26, 1893 -- Mussomeli, March 18, 1976) was an Italian mafioso, the boss of Mussomeli in the Province of Caltanissetta, Sicily.	Giuseppe Genco Russo	Mussomeli
place of death	Father Andrea Santoro (7 September 1945, in Priverno, Italy -- 5 February 2006, in Trabzon, Turkey) was a Roman Catholic priest in Turkey, murdered in the Santa Maria Church in Trabzon where he served as a member of the Catholic Church's Fidei donum missionary program.	Andrea Santoro	Trabzon
place of death	Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach (22 February 1683 -- 6 January 1734) was a German scholar, bibliophile, book-collector, traveller, palaeographer, and consul in Frankfurt am Main who is best known today for his published travelogues.	Zacharias Conrad von Uffenbach	Frankfurt
place of death	Gerhard Wahrig (May 10, 1923 in Burgstädt, Saxony -- September 2, 1978 in Wiesbaden) was a German linguist, esp. lexicographer.	Gerhard Wahrig	Wiesbaden
place of death	Giuseppe De Luigi (Bigarello, 4 October 1908 -- Genoa, 8 February 1982) was an Italian artist (paintings, sculptures).	Giuseppe De Luigi	Genoa
place of death	Eugen Garski was killed on 30 September 1942, near Kostonossovo, Russia.	Eugen Garski	Russia
place of death	Garabet Yazmaciyan (1868 Istanbul, Ottoman Turkey -- Istanbul, Turkey 1929) was a prominent Ottoman painter of Armenian descent.	Garabet Yazmaciyan	Istanbul
place of death	August Haußleiter married the doctor turned politician Renate Malluche at a Munich registry office in 1963.	August Haußleiter	Munich
place of death	Elsie March (1884, Kingston upon Hull, Yorkshire, England -- 1974, Kent, England) was an English sculptor and one of eight artists in her family.	Elsie March	Kent
place of death	Korbinian Aigner, known as Apfelpfarrer (``apple pastor''), (11 May 1885, in Hohenpolding -- 5 October 1966, in Freising) was a Bavarian Catholic priest and pomologist.	Korbinian Aigner	Freising
place of death	Margret Hofheinz-Döring (May 20, 1910, in Mainz -- June 18, 1994, in Bad Boll) was a German painter and graphic artist.	Margret Hofheinz-Döring	Bad Boll
place of death	August Adolph von Hennings (19 July 1746, Pinneberg -- 17 May 1826, Rantzau) was a politician, publicist and writer of the Age of Enlightenment, born into a Schleswig-Holstein family of lawyers.	August Adolph von Hennings	Rantzau
place of death	Rudolf Teschner (16 February 1922, Potsdam -- 23 July 2006, Berlin-Steglitz) was a German chess master and writer.	Rudolf Teschner	Berlin
place of death	Alvin Kraenzlein died early 1928 of endocarditis in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.	Alvin Kraenzlein	Wilkes-Barre
place of death	In 1972 Jackson Beardy, Alex Janvier and Daphne Odjig held a joint exhibition at the Winnipeg Art Gallery called ``Treaty Numbers 23, 287, 1171''.	Jackson Beardy	Winnipeg
place of death	Ferrante d'Este (19 September 1477, Castel Capuano, Naples - February 1540, Ferrara) was a Ferrarese nobleman and condottiero.	Ferrante d'Este	Ferrara
place of death	Rafael Hernando y Palomar (31 May 1822, in Madrid -- 10 July 1888, in ibis), was a Spanish composer of zarzuelas, being that his contributions to the genre lead to the development of the zarzuela grande.	Rafael Hernando	Madrid
place of death	Mahdi Hasan (born 21 March 1936, Akbarpur, Ambedkar Nagar, Uttar Pradesh; died 12 January 2013, Lucknow) was a prominent Indian anatomist.	Mahdi Hasan	Lucknow
place of death	Gustave Fraipont (1849, Brussels -- 1923, Paris) was a painter, sculptor, illustrator and poster-designer.	Gustave Fraipont	Paris
place of death	Hans Heinsheimer (Sept. 25, 1900 in Karlsruhe -- Oct 12, 1993 in New York City) was a music publisher, author, and journalist.	Hans Heinsheimer	New York City
place of death	Jakob Miller (also spelled Jacob Myller or Müller; 1550 - 11 December 1597) was a Catholic reformist theologian, provost and administrator of the diocese of Regensburg.	Jakob Miller	Regensburg
place of death	Arne Ragneborn (13 July 1926, Hammarby, Stockholm -- 5 January 1978) was a Swedish actor, film director and screenwriter.	Arne Ragneborn	Stockholm
place of death	Maria Angela Ardinghelli was born in Naples (Kingdom of Naples) into a noble family of Florentine origin.	Maria Angela Ardinghelli	Naples
place of death	Aelbert Cuyp was born in Dordrecht on October 20, 1620, and also died there on November 15, 1691.	Aelbert Cuyp	Dordrecht
place of death	Sigurd Lewerentz (29 July 1885 in Sandö, Sweden -- 29 December 1975 in Lund, Sweden) was an architect, initially trained as a mechanical engineer at the Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg (1905--8).	Sigurd Lewerentz	Lund
place of death	Alfred Apaka (March 19, 1919 -- January 30, 1960) was born Alfred Aholo Afat Jr in Honolulu, Hawaii to vocalist Alfred Aholo Afat Sr. Alfred was a graduate of President Theodore Roosevelt High School where he was an athlete and ROTC cadet captain.	Alfred Apaka	Honolulu
place of death	Jacques Lazarus (September 2, 1916, Payerne, Switzerland -- January 8, 2014, Paris, France) was a French military officer who was a leader of the Jewish resistance in France during World War II.	Jacques Lazarus	Paris
place of death	Stjepan Šulek (5 August 1914 Zagreb, Austria-Hungary - 16 January 1986 Zagreb, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia) was a Croatian composer, conductor, violinist and music teacher.	Stjepan Šulek	Zagreb
place of death	Gösta Knutsson was born in a middle-class family in Stockholm and came to the University of Uppsala as a student, remaining in Uppsala for the rest of his life.	Gösta Knutsson	Uppsala
place of death	Viktor Trkal (14 August 1888, Ostřetín, Pardubice -- 3 September 1956, Prague) was an eminent Czech physicist and mathematician who specialized in theoretical quantum physics.	Viktor Trkal	Prague
place of death	Nicolaas van der Waay (15 October 1855, Amsterdam - 18 December 1936, Amsterdam) was a Dutch decorative artist, watercolorist and lithographer.	Nicolaas van der Waay	Amsterdam
place of death	Christine Kozlov (1945, New York City -- 2005, London) was an American conceptual artist.	Christine Kozlov	London
place of death	Mardonius prepared to meet them at Plataea, despite the opposition from another Persian commander, Artabazus, who, like Artabanus, did not think that the Persian army could automatically defeat the Greeks.	Mardonius	Plataea
place of death	Jamshid Zokirov died of cancer on April 7, 2012, in Tashkent.	Jamshid Zokirov	Tashkent
place of death	Harvey Kurtzman was born on October 3, 1924 in a tenement building on 428 East Ninety-Eighth Street in Brooklyn in New York City.	Harvey Kurtzman	New York City
place of death	James Bowdoin II (/ˈboʊdɪn/; August 7, 1726 -- November 6, 1790) was an American political and intellectual leader from Boston, Massachusetts, during the American Revolution and the following decade.	James Bowdoin	Boston
place of death	Thomas Eadie died at Brockton, Massachusetts, on November 14, 1974 and was buried in Island Cemetery annex in Newport, Rhode Island.	Thomas Eadie	Brockton
place of death	Leopold Hasner von Artha (March 15, 1818, Prague -- June 5, 1891, Bad Ischl) was an Austrian civil servant and statesman.	Leopold Hasner von Artha	Bad Ischl
place of death	Richard Biddle (March 25, 1796 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania -- July 6, 1847 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) was an American author and politician.	Richard Biddle	Pittsburgh
place of death	Nicolaes Gillis (1595, Antwerp -- 1632, Haarlem), was a Dutch Golden Age still life painter.	Nicolaes Gillis	Haarlem
place of death	Ester Toivonen (August 7, 1914 Hamina -- December 29, 1979 Helsinki) was elected Miss Finland in 1933.	Ester Toivonen	Helsinki
place of death	Vice-admiral Jonkheer Theodorus Frederik van Capellen, GCMWO, KCB (Nijmegen, 6 September 1762 -- Brussels, 15 April 1824) was a Dutch naval officer.	Theodorus Frederik van Capellen	Brussels
place of death	James R. Domengeaux, known as Jimmy Domengeaux (January 6, 1907 -- April 11, 1988), was a Lafayette attorney, U.S. representative, and Cajun cultural activist who is best remembered for his efforts to preserve the French language in his native Louisiana.	James R. Domengeaux	Lafayette
place of death	Aldo Raimondi (Rome, 1902 - Milan, 1997), was an Italian painter.	Aldo Raimondi	Milan
place of death	Andrea Terzi (Monreale, near Palermo, Sicily), November 10, 1842 - Rome, 1918) was an Italian painter and engraver.	Andrea Terzi	Rome
place of death	Angelo Moratti (Somma Lombardo November 5, 1909 - Viareggio August 12, 1981) was an Italian oil tycoon.	Angelo Moratti	Viareggio
place of death	Jeanne Chauvin died soon after, in Provins, Seine-et-Marne, on 7 September 1926.	Jeanne Chauvin	Provins
place of death	Seth Warner was born on the Connecticut frontier in hilly western Woodbury, now Roxbury.	Seth Warner	Roxbury
place of death	Ferdinand Beyer (Querfurt, 1803 -- Mainz, 1863) was a German composer and Pianist.	Ferdinand Beyer	Mainz
place of death	Gerald Gutierrez (3 February 1950 in Brooklyn, New York -- 29 December 2003 in Brooklyn, New York) was an American Tony Award-winning stage- and film director.	Gerald Gutierrez	Brooklyn
place of death	Božena Němcová (Czech pronunciation: (ˈboʒɛna ˈɲɛmtsovaː)) (4 February 1820 in Vienna -- 21 January 1862 in Prague) was a Czech writer of the final phase of the Czech National Revival movement.	Božena Němcová	Prague
place of death	Harold Ensley died at his home in Overland Park, Kansas, at the age of 92.	Harold Ensley	Overland Park
position played on team / speciality	Zdeněk Cieslar (born 13 December 1973) is a Czech footballer who played as a defender.	Zdeněk Cieslar	defender
position played on team / speciality	Marlena Kowalik (born June 9, 1984) is a Polish-German football midfielder, currently playing for Pogoń Szczecin in Poland's Esktraliga.	Marlena Kowalik	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ehsan Alvanzadeh (Persian: احسان علوان‌زاده‎) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Naft Masjed Soleyman in the Iran Pro League.	Ehsan Alvanzadeh	forward
position played on team / speciality	Trevor Meier (born July 7, 1973 in Oakville, Ontario, Canada) is a retired ice hockey left winger.	Trevor Meier	winger
position played on team / speciality	Rodolfo de Almeida Guimarães (born 3 May 1993), simply known as Rodolfo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba, on loan from Flamengo, as an attacking midfielder.	Rodolfo de Almeida Guimarães	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Lauro Júnior Batista da Cruz, simply known as Lauro (born 3 September 1980 in Andradina), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.	Lauro Júnior Batista da Cruz	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gjorgji Tanušev (Macedonian: Ѓopѓи Taнушeв, born 7 January 1991) is a Macedonian football midfielder playing in Serbian First League club Kolubara.	Gjorgji Tanušev	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Rothbart (Hebrew: רוברט רות'בארט‎, born Boris Kajmaković on June 16, 1986) is a Bosnian-Israeli-Serbian professional basketball player playing the position of center for Hapoel Tel Aviv B.C.	Robert Rothbart	center
position played on team / speciality	Inters Gui (born 8 August 1993) simply known as Gui, is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Vitória Guimarães, as a winger.	Inters Gui	winger
position played on team / speciality	Aðalsteinn Aðalsteinsson (born 25 April 1962) is an Icelandic former footballer, who played as a midfielder, and now a football manager.	Aðalsteinn Aðalsteinsson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gianluca Marchetti (born June 18, 1993) is an Italian professional basketball player who currently plays the point guard position for Basket Barcellona of the A2 Gold Basket Series.	Gianluca Marchetti	point guard
position played on team / speciality	Miklós Belényesi (born 15 May 1983 in Valea lui Mihai) is a Romanian football (forward) of Hungarian ethnicity.	Miklós Belényesi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Joachim Eickmayer (born 11 January 1993 in Bully-les-Mines) is a French footballer who currently plays as a midfielder.	Joachim Eickmayer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luca Fusi (born June 7, 1963 in Lecco) is a retired Italian footballer turned manager, who played as a midfielder.	Luca Fusi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iván Macalik (born 14 September 1987 in Caseros) is an Argentine football defender, who currently is unemployed.	Iván Macalik	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anej Lovrečič (born 10 May 1987) is a Slovenian footballer who plays as a centre midfielder.	Anej Lovrečič	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hossein Kiani (Persian: حسین کیانی‎‎) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Khoneh Be Khoneh in the Azadegan League.	Hossein Kiani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gorka Laborda García (born 13 April 1989 in Pamplona, Navarre) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward.	Gorka Laborda	forward
position played on team / speciality	Matúš Paukner (born 20 June 1991) is a Slovak football forward, who currently plays for Hungarian side Békéscsaba.	Matúš Paukner	forward
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Belfiore (born 4 September 1960) is a Canadian former professional soccer player who played as a defender.	Ivan Belfiore	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sergio Buso (3 April 1950 -- 24 December 2011) was an Italian football coach and goalkeeper.	Sergio Buso	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Atacan Öztürk (born 18 January 1982 in Antalya) is a Turkish professional football player, who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Göztepe.	Atacan Öztürk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Giuseppe Rizzi (20 January 1886 -- 20 June 1960) was an Italian professional footballer, who played as a midfielder.	Giuseppe Rizzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Damir Mehić (born 18 April 1987) is a Bosnian-born Swedish footballer who plays for Jönköpings Södra IF as a goalkeeper.	Damir Mehić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Christophe Grondin (born September 2, 1983) is a naturalized Togolese football midfielder who plays for Al-Faisaly.	Christophe Grondin	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Iamel Kabeu (born 7 September 1982) is a New Caledonian international footballer who plays as a forward for the Tahitian side AS Manu-Ura and the New Caledonia national team.	Iamel Kabeu	forward
position played on team / speciality	Christian Puggioni (born 17 January 1981 in Genoa) is an Italian football (soccer) goalkeeper.	Christian Puggioni	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Gonçalves Tavares (21 January 1905 -- deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a forward.	Jorge Gonçalves Tavares	forward
position played on team / speciality	Percy Barnfather MC (17 December 1879 -- 18 December 1951) was an English professional association football outside forward of the early 20th century.	Percy Barnfather	forward
position played on team / speciality	Majd Homsi (Arabic: مجد حمصي‎, born 12 December 1982 in Aleppo, Syria) is a Syrian footballer who plays as a defender for Karbalaa, which competes in the Iraqi Premier League the top division in Iraq and is currently a member of the Syria national football team.	Majd Homsi	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mirsad Mijadinoski (Macedonian: Мирсад Мијадиноски; born 1 October 1981) is a footballer from the Republic of Macedonia who plays as a defender.	Mirsad Mijadinoski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Darren Craddock (born 23 February 1985) is an English footballer who plays for Shildon AFC as a defender.	Darren Craddock	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jeff Baicher (born November 16, 1968 in Sunnyvale, California) is a retired American soccer forward whose professional career took him through multiple leagues, including the Western Soccer League, American Professional Soccer League, Continental Indoor Soccer League and Major League Soccer.	Jeff Baicher	forward
position played on team / speciality	Kamaliele Papani (born 8 April 1984) in Tonga is a footballer who plays as a Defensive midfielder.	Kamaliele Papani	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ronaldo Luiz Alves (born July 9, 1989 in Bebedouro), known as Ronaldo Alves, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Náutico, as a central defender.	Ronaldo Alves	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richie Powling (born 21 May 1956) is a former English professional footballer who played as a central defender, and who later became a manager.	Richie Powling	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rodolphe Modin (born 26 March 1959 in Gennevilliers, Paris) is a former French international rugby union player, he played as a scrum-half.	Rodolphe Modin	scrum-half
position played on team / speciality	Raúl Alexandre (born 22 January 1910 - deceased) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a midfielder.	Raúl Alexandre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Clemens Fandrich (born 10 January 1991) is a German footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for RB Leipzig in the 2.	Clemens Fandrich	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sténio Nivaldo Matos dos Santos (born 6 May 1988), commonly known as Sténio, is a Cape Verdean footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cherno More Varna in the Bulgarian A Football Group.	Sténio	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Fevzi Elmas (born on June 9, 1983 in Biga) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for TFF First League club Adana Demirspor.	Fevzi Elmas	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jack Brand (born 4 April 1953) is a former professional soccer goalkeeper.	Jack Brand	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Vilard Normcharoen (14 July 1962 -- 7 January 2014) was a Thai Port FC player and one of Thailand's professional beach soccer players who won the award of best goalkeeper in the Beach Soccer World Cup 2002.	Vilard Normcharoen	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Doug Neely is a retired American soccer defender who had an extensive career in several American indoor leagues including the original Major Indoor Soccer League, Continental Indoor Soccer League and National Professional Soccer League.	Doug Neely	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pablo Gabriel García Pérez (American Spanish: ('paβlo ɣa'βɾjel ɣar'si.a 'peɾes); born 11 May 1977) is a Uruguayan retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder.	Pablo Gabriel García	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ahn Jin-beom (Hangul: 안진범; hanja: 安進範; born 10 March 1992) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for Ulsan Hyundai in K League Classic.	Ahn Jin-beom	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dan Strugnell (born 30 June 1992) is an English footballer playing as a defender for Havant & Waterlooville	Dan Strugnell	defender
position played on team / speciality	Cofie Bekoe (born 16 March 1988 in Ghana) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays for Libyan side Ittihad as an attacking midfielder.	Cofie Bekoe	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Vadims Logins (born 30 December 1981) is a Latvian football defender, who currently plays for Lokomotive Leipzig in the German Regionalliga Nordost.	Vadims Logins	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Luis Corrales (born 20 May 1991) is a Cuban footballer who plays as a defender for Miami FC of the North American Soccer League.	Jorge Luis Corrales	defender
position played on team / speciality	Emre Çolak (Turkish pronunciation: (emre tʃo̞ɫɑk), born 20 May 1991) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or a winger for Süper Lig club Galatasaray.	Emre Çolak	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Petya Petkova (Bulgarian: Петя Петкова) is a Bulgarian football defender currently playing for NSA Sofia in the Bulgarian Championship.	Petya Petkova	defender
position played on team / speciality	Anton Salétros (Hungarian pronunciation: (ˈʃɒleːtroʃ); born 12 April 1996) is a Swedish footballer who plays for AIK as a midfielder.	Anton Salétros	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Mandl (born February 7, 1979 in Eisenstadt) is an Austrian football goalkeeper, who currently plays for First Vienna in the Austrian Football First League.	Thomas Mandl	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Hans Venneker (born 5 March 1945 in Rotterdam) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a goalkeeper, a right defender and forward.	Hans Venneker	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andrés Mosquera (born July 9, 1978 in Cali, Valle del Cauca) is a Colombian football defender.	Andrés Mosquera	defender
position played on team / speciality	Adam Priestley (born 14 August 1990) is a Gibraltarian footballer who plays for English club Shaw Lane Aquaforce and the Gibraltar national team as a forward.	Adam Priestley	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Matek (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Матек; born 5 October 1990) is a Serbian football goalkeeper, who last played for Dolina Padina.	Nikola Matek	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Sebastian Stefaniszin (born July 22, 1987 in Berlin) is a German ice hockey goaltender, who is currently an unrestricted free agent.	Sebastian Stefaniszin	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Karim El Mourabet (Arabic: كريم المرابت‎) (born 30 April 1987 in Orléans) is a French football defender of Moroccan descent.	Karim El Mourabet	defender
position played on team / speciality	Michael Mutzel (born 27 September 1979 in Memmingen, Germany) is a German former football midfielder.	Michael Mutzel	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Knut Reinhardt (born 27 April 1968) is a German retired footballer who played as a midfielder.	Knut Reinhardt	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Manuel Viniegra García (April 26, 1988) is a Mexican football midfielder.	Manuel Viniegra	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ricardo Job Estévão (born August 22, 1987 in Moxico, Angola), better known as Job, is an Angolan football midfielder, who plays for Petro Atlético in the Girabola.	Ricardo Job Estévão	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Rajevski (born 29 March 1990) is an Estonian junior ice hockey goaltender from Tallinn, who currently plays for Brock Bucks in Ontario, Canada.	Mark Rajevski	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Riccardo Saponara (Italian pronunciation: (rikˈkardo sapoˈnaːra); born 21 December 1991) is an Italian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Empoli.	Riccardo Saponara	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Francisco Mário Pinto da Silva (born 21 October 1948 in Sesimbra) is a former Portuguese footballer who played as forward.	Francisco Mário	forward
position played on team / speciality	Serge Makofo (born 3 September 1986) is a Congolese professional footballer, who last played as a midfielder and a striker for Whitehawk.	Serge Makofo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Bert Foulds is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City, Rochdale, Crystal Palace and Crewe Alexandra.	Bert Foulds	inside forward
position played on team / speciality	Vladimir Stepania (born 8 May 1976) is a retired Georgian professional basketball player, in the center position.	Vladimir Stepania	center
position played on team / speciality	Zuzana Pincová is a Czech former football goalkeeper, who represented her country 63 times between 1993 and 2007.	Zuzana Pincová	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Leandro Freire de Araújo (born 21 August 1989 in Brazil), commonly known as Freire, is a Brazilian football player who plays as a defender.	Leandro Freire de Araújo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sébastien Caron (born June 25, 1980 in Amqui, Quebec) is a professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for the Hamburg Freezers in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga (German Ice Hockey League).	Sébastien Caron	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Lasagna (born August 10, 1992 in San Benedetto Po) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A team Carpi as a forward.	Kevin Lasagna	forward
position played on team / speciality	Roy Schuening (born April 8, 1984) is a former American football guard.	Roy Schuening	guard
position played on team / speciality	Vlad Olteanu (born 21 March 1996) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Dinamo București as a midfielder, on loan from FC Braşov.	Vlad Olteanu	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Carballo (born 16 October 1981) is an Argentine rugby union footballer who plays at wing or centre for Bordeaux in the Top 14.	Rafael Carballo	centre
position played on team / speciality	Dean Morton (born February 27, 1968) is a former Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, currently a National Hockey League referee.	Dean Morton	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Juan Paletta is a retired Argentinian football (soccer) forward who played in the North American Soccer League and American Soccer League who shared the ASL scoring title in 1970.	Juan Paletta	forward
position played on team / speciality	Achilleas Sarakatsanos (Greek: Αχιλλέας Σαρακατσάνος; born 3 November 1982 in Trikala) is a Greek football defender.	Achilleas Sarakatsanos	defender
position played on team / speciality	Francesco Antonioli (born 14 September 1969) is an ex-Italian footballer and goalkeeper.	Francesco Antonioli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Florentin Cruceru (born March 25, 1981 in Găeşti, Dâmboviţa County, Romania) is a Romanian footballer (midfielder) who currently is Free Agent.	Florentin Cruceru	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jorge Antônio Dornelles Carpes known as Cassiá (born 14 June 1953 in São Borja) is a retired Brazilian professional football player, who played as defender and a manager.	Cassiá	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sandro Coelho Leite (born June 27, 1976 in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian football midfielder who spent most of his career playing in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano for The Strongest.	Sandro Coelho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cato André Hansen (born 28 November 1972) is a Norwegian football coach and former defender who played most of his career for Bodø/Glimt in the Norwegian Premier League.	Cato André Hansen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Orest Romashyna (born October 27, 1946 in Rheine, West Germany) is a German-Canadian of Ukrainian descent former ice hockey left winger.	Orest Romashyna	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ion Dumitru (born 2 January 1950 in Bucureşti, Romania), commonly known as Liță Dumitru, is a former Romanian footballer and manager who played as a midfielder.	Ion Dumitru	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Didem Taş (born March 31, 1992) is a Turkish women's football defender currently playing in the First League for Konak Belediyespor with jersey number 4, serving also as the captain.	Didem Taş	defender
position played on team / speciality	Oleg Voskoboynikov (born 4 July 1971 in Almaty) is a Kazakh professional footballer who plays for the Kazakhstan national football team as a goalkeeper.	Oleg Voskoboynikov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Antonio Fernando Díaz Bizcocho, known as Antonio Fernando (born 3 August 1970 in Coria del Río, Andalusia), is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right defender.	Antonio Fernando Díaz	defender
position played on team / speciality	José María Movilla Cubero (born 8 February 1975) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played mainly as a central midfielder.	José María Movilla	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Yoon Bit-garam (Korean: 윤빛가람; born 7 May 1990) is a South Korean professional association football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Yanbian Funde in the Chinese Super League.	Yoon Bit-garam	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Séry Wawa (1943 -- 12 December 2013) was an Ivorian footballer who primarily played as a defender.	Séry Wawa	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ali Fuseini (born 7 December 1988) is a Ghanaian semi-professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for National League club Bromley.	Ali Fuseini	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Stanislava Tsekova (Bulgarian: Станислава Цекова) is a Bulgarian football midfielder, currently playing in the Bulgarian Championship for NSA Sofia, with whom she has also played the UEFA Women's Champions League.	Stanislava Tsekova	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Mendes Cavalcanti (born December 23, 1972) is a football goalkeeper from Brazil.	Christian Mendes Cavalcanti	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adalberto Palma Ruiz Galindo (born 3 February 1981 in Mexico City) is a Mexican football player, who plays as a defender for Monarcas Morelia in the Mexican First Division.	Adalberto Palma	defender
position played on team / speciality	Waldemar Victorino (born May 22, 1952 in Montevideo) is an Uruguayan former football forward who played football in 6 different countries:	Waldemar Victorino	forward
position played on team / speciality	Birger Lindberg Pedersen, known as Birger Pedersen, (born June 29, 1950) is a Danish former association footballer in the midfielder position, who played 183 games and scored 41 goals for Danish club Hvidovre IF.	Birger Pedersen	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Eric van der Luer (born 16 August 1965 in Maastricht, Netherlands) is a former Dutch international footballer who played as a midfielder.	Eric van der Luer	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mathieu Manset (born 5 August 1989) is a French footballer who plays as a centre forward.	Mathieu Manset	forward
position played on team / speciality	Dejan Garača (born July 21, 1991) is a Swedish football player who plays as a goalkeeper for Syrianska FC.	Dejan Garača	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fahad Awadh (Arabic: فهد عوض‎, born 26 February 1985) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defender for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Fahad Awadh	defender
position played on team / speciality	Brandon Barkhuizen (born August 9, 1990 in Johannesburg, Gauteng) is a South African football (soccer) player who last played as a defender for Bidvest Wits in the Premier Soccer League.	Brandon Barkhuizen	defender
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Temudo was a Portuguese footballer who played as a defender.	Pedro Temudo	defender
position played on team / speciality	Filipe Abraão (born 31 December 1979) is an Angolan basketball small forward.	Filipe Abraão	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Petr Němec (born 7 June 1957) is a former football midfielder and manager from Czechoslovakia.	Petr Němec	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Leonardo Andrés Iglesias (born on August 28, 1979, in Lanús, Buenos Aires Province) is an Argentine football forward, who is currently a free agent.	Leonardo Andrés Iglesias	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jürgen Heun (born May 26, 1958 in East Germany) is a retired football forward.	Jürgen Heun	forward
position played on team / speciality	Callum Tapping (born 5 June 1993) is a Scottish professional footballer, who currently plays for Queen of the South as a midfielder.	Callum Tapping	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mihail Ivanov (Bulgarian: Михаил Иванов; born 7 August 1989 in Sofia) is a Bulgarian football goalkeeper.	Mihail Ivanov	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Wolfgang Schober (born 6 July 1989) is an Austrian football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Wacker Innsbruck.	Wolfgang Schober	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Adilson Soares Cassamá (born 20 April 1983, in Bissau), known simply as Adilson, is a Bissau-Guinean footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder.	Adilson Soares Cassamá	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Valerio Verre (born 11 January 1994) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie B side Pescara on loan from Serie A club Udinese.	Valerio Verre	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dieter Ficken (born in Bremen, Germany) was a German-American soccer forward and coach who spent his club career in the U.S. third division German American Soccer League.	Dieter Ficken	forward
position played on team / speciality	Bruno Everton Quadros, or simply Bruno Quadros (born February 3, 1977 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil), is a Brazilian manager and former defender.	Bruno Quadros	defender
position played on team / speciality	Grazia MacIntosh (née van Hattum) (born 25 April 1955 in New Plymouth) is a former association football goalkeeper who represented New Zealand at international level.	Grazia MacIntosh	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maksym Yakhno (Ukrainian: Максим Анатолійович Яхно; born 3 April 1988 in the Ukrainian SSR) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who last time played for club FC Helios Kharkiv in the Ukrainian First League.	Maksym Yakhno	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Cindy Lay (born 9 October 1994) is an Australian football (soccer) midfielder who last played for Australian W-League team Melbourne Victory.	Cindy Lay	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Edmond Agius (born 23 February 1987 in Malta) is a professional footballer currently playing for the Maltese Premier League side Birkirkara, where he plays as a midfielder.	Edmond Agius	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Terrell Miller (born 16 December 1994) is a Montserratian international footballer who plays for English club Kings Langley as a left winger.	Terrell Miller	winger
position played on team / speciality	Snehashish Dutta is an Indian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Mohun Bagan in the I-League.	Snehashish Dutta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	George Parkin (20 August 1903 -- 1971) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half.	George Parkin	wing half
position played on team / speciality	Ceyhun Gülselam (born 25 December 1987) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a center back and defensive midfielder for Hannover 96.	Ceyhun Gülselam	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Dmitri Milchakov (born March 2, 1986) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk in the KHL .	Dmitri Milchakov	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Espen Søgård (born 10 October 1979 in Fetsund) is a Norwegian former footballer who played as a midfielder for Lillestrøm during most of his career.	Espen Søgård	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nikola Lazetić (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Лазетић; born 9 February 1978) is a retired Serbian football midfielder.	Nikola Lazetić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Abel Morán Puente (born 29 January 1930), commonly known as Pontoni, is an Argentine retired footballer who played as a defender, and a current manager.	Abel Morán Puente	defender
position played on team / speciality	Viktor Georgiev (Bulgarian: Виктор Георгиев; born 28 October 1973) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Viktor Georgiev	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fatah Masoud (born on 24 September 1989) is a Libyan futsal goalkeeper.	Fatah Masoud	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Arne Arvidsson (19 January 1929 -- 30 September 2008) was a Swedish footballer (goalkeeper) and bandy player.	Arne Arvidsson	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Paolo Rossi (Italian pronunciation: (ˈpaːolo ˈrossi); born 23 September 1956) is a former Italian professional footballer, who played as a forward.	Paolo Rossi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alberto Joshimar Acosta Alvarado (born February 26, 1988 in Mante, Tamaulipas) is a Mexican football midfielder, who is currently playing for Puebla on loan from UANL in the Liga MX.	Alberto Joshimar Acosta	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Tony Donlic is a former Croatian-American soccer forward who spent five season in the North American Soccer League (NASL).	Tony Donlic	forward
position played on team / speciality	Nicolas Huysman (born 9 February 1968) is a French former professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	Nicolas Huysman	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Jemmali (born 13 December 1974) is a retired French-Tunisian football defender who spent most of his career at Girondins de Bordeaux and last played for Grenoble Foot 38.	David Jemmali	defender
position played on team / speciality	Thècle Mbororo (also spelt Thecle Mbororo) (born 24 September 1989) is a Cameroonian football goalkeeper who plays for Cameroonian side Panthère de Garoua.	Thècle Mbororo	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milad Ahmadian (Persian: میلاد احمدیان‎); is an Iranian football goalkeeper who currently plays for Iranian football club Paykan in the Iran Pro League.	Milad Ahmadian	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ahmad Al Fadhli (Arabic: أحمد الفضلي‎, born 6 September 1982) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a goalkeeper for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Qadsia.	Ahmad Al Fadhli	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Kevin van Veen (born 1 June 1991 in Eindhoven) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for SC Cambuur, on loan from Scunthorpe United, in the Dutch Eredivisie.	Kevin van Veen	forward
position played on team / speciality	Alou Traoré (born 8 October 1984 in Bamako, Mali) is a Malian footballer who last played as a defender for Tractor Sazi in Iran's Premier Football League.	Alou Traoré	defender
position played on team / speciality	Madallah Alolayan (Arabic: مدالله العليان‎, born 25 August 1994) is a Saudi footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Saudi club Al-Taawoun.	Madallah Alolayan	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mickaël Brisset (born 26 March 1985 in Issy-les-Moulineaux) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Championnat de France amateur club Ivry.	Mickaël Brisset	forward
position played on team / speciality	Billy Callender (born 5 January 1903 -- died 26 July 1932) was an English professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	Billy Callender	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bill McPhillips (1910--1992) was a Scottish professional football goalkeeper who played his club football for Newcastle United.	Bill McPhillips	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Milan Mijailović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Мијаиловић; born 18 September 1981) is a Serbian football forward.	Milan Mijailović	forward
position played on team / speciality	Pedro Mairata Gual (born 15 January 1979 in Manacor, Balearic Islands) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Llosetense as a central defender.	Pedro Mairata Gual	defender
position played on team / speciality	Zvonko Breber (born 25 May 1952, in Zagreb) is a retired Yugoslav footballer who played as a midfielder.	Zvonko Breber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Andriy Bohdanov (Ukrainian: Андрій Євгенович Богданов; born 21 January 1990 in Kiev, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder.	Andriy Bohdanov	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Ryan Rossiter (born September 14, 1989) is an American professional basketball power forward with the Link Tochigi Brex of the Japan Basketball League.	Ryan Rossiter	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Bryan Deasley (born November 26, 1968 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey winger.	Bryan Deasley	winger
position played on team / speciality	Nyakhane Nyakhane is a Mosotho footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Likhopo Maseru.	Nyakhane Nyakhane	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Filip Marčić (born 22 February 1985) is a Croatian professional football defender, currently a free agent after playing for RNK Split and Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL.	Filip Marčić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Andrea Lovotti (born 28 July 1989) is an Italian rugby union player who plays as a Prop.	Andrea Lovotti	Prop
position played on team / speciality	Christopher Nkunku (born 14 November 1997) is a French footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Paris Saint-Germain B.	Christopher Nkunku	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Wánderson is usually deployed as an attacking midfielder or second striker.	Wánderson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Jaroslav Otevřel (born September 16, 1968 in Gottwaldov, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech former professional ice hockey left winger.	Jaroslav Otevřel	winger
position played on team / speciality	Arquímedes Figuera (born 6 October 1989 in Cumaná) is a Venezuelan international footballer who plays for Deportivo La Guaira, as a midfielder.	Arquímedes Figuera	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Melker Hallberg (born 20 October 1995) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Hammarby IF (on loan from Udinese) as a midfielder.	Melker Hallberg	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Marko Bajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Бајић; born 28 September 1985) Serbian football midfielder who plays for Bačka Bačka Palanka in the Serbian First League.	Marko Bajić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Budzynski is a former professional French association footballer born in Calonne-Ricouart of Polish origin, who played as a defender, notably for France at FIFA World Cup 1966.	Robert Budzynski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Jon Ander Felipe González (born 22 May 1995), known simply as Jon Ander, is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Bilbao Athletic.	Jon Ander Felipe González	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Rui Jorge Guimarães Fernandes (born 7 June 1995) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Aves, as a midfielder!	Rui Jorge Guimarães Fernandes	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Luis Alonso Sandoval Oliva (born May 14, 1980) is a Mexican football midfielder, he currently plays in Club Necaxa of the Ascenso MX.	Luis Alonso Sandoval	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Oleksandr Rykun (Ukrainian: Олександр Валерійович Рикун; born 6 May 1978 in Dnipropetrovsk, Ukrainian SSR) is a retired football player of the Ukrainian national football team who played as a midfielder.	Oleksandr Rykun	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Alf Common (25 May 1880 in Millfield -- 3 April 1946 in Darlington) was an English footballer who played at inside forward or centre forward.	Alf Common	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yip Chi Ho (Chinese: 葉志豪; Jyutping: jip6 zi3 hou4, born October 21, 1985 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who last played for Yuen Long as a midfielder.	Yip Chi Ho	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sonja Barjaktarović (born 11 September 1986) is a Montenegrin handball goalkeeper playing for the Turkish club Kastamonu Belediyesi .	Sonja Barjaktarović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomasz Lisowski (born April 4, 1985 in Braniewo) is a Polish footballer (defender) who plays for ?.	Tomasz Lisowski	defender
position played on team / speciality	Henry Domercant (born December 30, 1980) is an American-born Bosnian professional basketball player who last played for Juvecaserta Basket of the Lega Basket Serie A. He plays the shooting guard position.	Henry Domercant	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Graham Mink (born May 21, 1979) is an American ice hockey winger.	Graham Mink	winger
position played on team / speciality	Ivan Čvorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Ивaн Чвopoвић, Bulgarian Cyrillic: Иван Чворович; born 21 September 1985) is a Serbian-born Bulgarian goalkeeper who currently plays for Ludogorets Razgrad, after joining from Minyor Pernik in May 2012.	Ivan Čvorović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Martin Forkel (born 22 July 1979 in Coburg) is a German football manager and former football defender.	Martin Forkel	defender
position played on team / speciality	Paulo Helber Rosa Ribeiro (born 28 June 1992) is a footballer who plays as a midfielder for Monte Azul.	Paulo Helber	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	David Mazzoncini (born 16 October 1971) is a French former professional footballer player who played as a defender and midfielder.	David Mazzoncini	defender
position played on team / speciality	Ernest Vaast (28 October 1922 -- 10 April 2011 ) was a French international football midfielder.	Ernest Vaast	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	René Charrier (born 23 November 1951 in Innsbruck) is a retired professional French footballer who played goalkeeper.	René Charrier	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Gordon Livsey (born January 24, 1947) is a footballer who played as a goalkeeper in the Football League for Wrexham, Chester City and Hartlepool United.	Gordon Livsey	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Tomás Olías Gutiérrez (born 4 February 1969) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a central defender.	Tomás Olías	defender
position played on team / speciality	René Ponk (born 21 October 1971 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	René Ponk	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Richard Mpong (born 4 July 1990 in Tarkwa) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as a winger, for Asante Kotoko and the Ghana national football team.	Richard Mpong	winger
position played on team / speciality	Goran Gančev (Macedonian: Горан Ганчев) (born 4 August 1983) is a Macedonian footballer who currently plays as a defender.	Goran Gančev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Roberto Iván Agustín Suárez (born 16 April 1979) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a midfielder.	Iván Agustín	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Liam Henderson (born 25 April 1996) is a Scottish professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hibernian, on loan from Celtic, and the Scotland national under-21 football team.	Liam Henderson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Duane Robinson (born September 20, 1968 in Trenton, New Jersey) is a retired professional soccer forward who played in the American Professional Soccer League and the United States Interregional Soccer League.	Duane Robinson	forward
position played on team / speciality	Jimmy Humes (born 6 August 1942 in Carlisle) is a former English professional footballer who played as a winger.	Jimmy Humes	winger
position played on team / speciality	Srđan Soldatović (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђан Солдатовић; born 10 January 1974) is a Serbian retired football goalkeeper.	Srđan Soldatović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Bennard Yao Kumordzi (born 21 March 1985) is a Ghanaian professional footballer, who currently plays for KRC Genk in Belgium and the Ghana national team as a midfielder.	Bennard Yao Kumordzi	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Todd Gill (born November 9, 1965) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenceman who played in the NHL between 1985 and 2003.	Todd Gill	defenceman
position played on team / speciality	Gerald Isaiah Armwood (born December 28, 1990) is an American basketball player, currently with Dolomiti Energia Trento in Italy's Lega Basket Serie A. A 6'9 power forward, Armwood played college basketball at Villanova and George Washington.	Isaiah Armwood	power forward
position played on team / speciality	Ignacio Torres Olvera (born 25 September 1983) is a Mexican footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Celaya of Ascenso MX.	Ignacio Torres	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Susanne Kasperczyk is a German football defender, currently playing for Bayer Leverkusen in the Bundesliga.	Susanne Kasperczyk	defender
position played on team / speciality	Bernhard Engelbrecht (born February 16, 1958) is a German former professional ice hockey goaltender and coach.	Bernhard Engelbrecht	goaltender
position played on team / speciality	Wellington Pereira do Nascimento known as Wellington Paulista (born 22 April 1984) is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward for Ponte Preta on loan from Fluminense.	Wellington Paulista	forward
position played on team / speciality	Evral Trapp (born January 22, 1987) is a Belizean professional defender currently playing for Hopkins FC.	Evral Trapp	defender
position played on team / speciality	Luciano Castellini (born 12 December 1945) is an Italian former football manager and former football player who played as a goalkeeper.	Luciano Castellini	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Oliver Lafayette (born May 6, 1984) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Emporio Armani Milano of the Lega Basket Serie A. Standing at 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m), he plays at the point guard and shooting guard positions.	Oliver Lafayette	point guard	shooting guard
position played on team / speciality	Marvin Rodríguez Ramírez (born 26 November 1934) is a Costa Rican football coach and former midfielder.	Marvin Rodríguez	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Francisco Canales García (born 4 May 1987) is a football goalkeeper who plays for Lobos in the Ascenso MX.	José Francisco Canales	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Miloš Đurković (born 29 February 1956) is a former Bosnian Serb football goalkeeper who played for clubs in the former Yugoslavia and Turkey.	Miloš Đurković	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Jean Nicolay (27 December 1937 -- 18 August 2014) was a Belgian football goalkeeper who earned the Belgian Golden Shoe in 1963 while at Standard Liège.	Jean Nicolay	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Maja Erkić (born in Slovenj Gradec on 13 May 1985) is a Slovenian basketball 1.83 m. small forward currently playing in the Serie A1 for Passalacqua Ragusa.	Maja Erkić	small forward
position played on team / speciality	Stevan Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Cтeвaн Cтojaнoвић; born October 29, 1964 in Kosovska Mitrovica, SFR Yugoslavia) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper who played for Red Star Belgrade.	Stevan Stojanović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Alex Roberto Santana Rafael (born 10 October 1989), known as Alex Muralha, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Flamengo.	Alex Muralha	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ivaylo Sokolov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Соколов) (born 15 September 1984) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays for Nesebar as a defender.	Ivaylo Sokolov	defender
position played on team / speciality	Richie Bayes (March 21, 1948 -- October 16, 2006) was a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who was selected by the Chicago Black Hawks in the first round (fourth overall) of the 1964 NHL Amateur Draft, however he never played a game in the NHL.	Richie Bayes	centre
position played on team / speciality	Ainhoa Tirapu de Goñi (born 4 September 1984) is a Spanish football goalkeeper who plays for Primera División club Athletic Bilbao and the Spain women's national football team.	Ainhoa Tirapu	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dalton Alan Munaretto or simply Dalton (born September 8, 1986 in Chapecó), is a Brazilian goalkeeper who plays for Ríver.	Dalton Alan Munaretto	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Dimitris Roussis (Greek: Δημήτρης Ρούσσης; born 6 May 1988) is a professional football defender.	Dimitris Roussis	defender
position played on team / speciality	Juan Carlos Lescano (born 18 December 1991 in Rosario, Argentina) is an Argentine football forward who plays for Sportivo Belgrano in the Primera B Nacional.	Juan Carlos Lescano	forward
position played on team / speciality	Yuri Yuryevich Lebedev (Russian: Юрий Юрьевич Лебедев; born 21 January 1987) is a Russian football defender.	Yuri Yuryevich Lebedev	defender
position played on team / speciality	Albert McInroy (23 April 1901 -- 7 January 1985) was an English professional football goalkeeper who played his club football for Sunderland, Newcastle United and Leeds United.	Albert McInroy	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Nabiollah Bagheriha (Persian: نبی‌الله باقری‌ها‎, born June 15, 1979) is an Iranian football defender who currently plays for Sanat Naft in Iran's Premier Football League.	Nabiollah Bagheriha	defender
position played on team / speciality	Sindey Balderas Melgar (born June 20, 1976) is a Mexican footballer, who is playing as a defender for C.F. Ciudad Juárez in Liga MX.	Sindey Balderas	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dmytro Yeremenko (Ukrainian: Дмитро Сергійович Єременко, born 20 June 1990 in Kharkiv, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who is currently playing for Hoverla Uzhhorod.	Dmytro Yeremenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Rafael Aparecido Elisbão, known as Fefo (born February 15, 1985 in Piracicaba, São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for Guarani in the Brazilian Série A.	Fefo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Azizon Abdul Kadir (born 10 June 1980 in Ipoh, Perak, Malaysia) is a professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Perlis.	Azizon Abdul Kadir	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Andy Rosenband (born April 27, 1981 in Chicago, Illinois) is a Jewish-American soccer midfielder who plays for the Chicago Storm in the Xtreme Soccer League.	Andy Rosenband	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zhu Baojie (simplified Chinese: 朱宝杰; traditional Chinese: 朱寶傑; Pinyin: Zhū Bǎojié; born 11 August 1989 in Liuzhou, Guangxi) is a Chinese footballer, who currently plays as a midfielder for Guizhou Renhe.	Zhu Baojie	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Pedro García Barros (born 3 April 1946) is a retired Chilean football midfielder, who made his debut for the Chile national football team on 1967-09-19.	Pedro García Barros	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Nathan Blissett (born 29 June 1990) is an English footballer who plays as a forward for Torquay United.	Nathan Blissett	forward
position played on team / speciality	Duško Grujić (Serbian Cyrillic: Душкo Гpуjић, born September 15, 1972 in Kula) is a former Serbian footballer who played last for Békéscsabai Előre FC as defender.	Duško Grujić	defender
position played on team / speciality	Dragoslav Jevrić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драгослав Јеврић, born 8 July 1974) is a retired Serbian football goalkeeper and the current goalkeeping coach of APOEL FC.	Dragoslav Jevrić	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Zoltán Aczél (born 13 May 1967) is Hungarian soccer defender.	Zoltán Aczél	defender
position played on team / speciality	Kevin Thomson (born 14 October 1984) is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Championship club Hibernian.	Kevin Thomson	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Kliment Nastoski (Macedonian: Kлимент Настоски, born 20 April 1987 in Ohrid) is a Macedonian football midfielder playing with Old Boys in the Swiss Football League.	Kliment Nastoski	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Gary Greenhill (born June 16, 1985 in Kirkcaldy, Fife) is a Scottish professional football midfielder who is currently playing for Dundonald Bluebell Juniors.	Gary Greenhill	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Sandra de Pol is a Swiss former football defender, who played for Bayern Munich in the German Bundesliga.	Sandra de Pol	defender
position played on team / speciality	Neki Adipi (born 15 May 1984) is a French Guianan international footballer who plays as a forward.	Neki Adipi	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thomas Trevor Finnigan (born 14 October 1952) is a former English professional footballer who made 42 appearances in the Football League playing as a forward for Blackpool and Bournemouth.	Trevor Finnigan	forward
position played on team / speciality	Thretton Palamo (born September 22, 1988 in Woodland, California) is an American rugby union player who plays centre for Saracens and for the United States national team.	Thretton Palamo	centre
position played on team / speciality	Slavko Petrović (Serbian Cyrillic: Славко Петровић, born August 10, 1958) is a Serbian football manager and former goalkeeper.	Slavko Petrović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Paniagua Marchena (born 9 September 1988) is a Costa Rican football midfielder who plays for CF Universidad de Costa Rica	Fernando Paniagua	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mark Mancari (born July 11, 1985) is a Canadian ice hockey right winger.	Mark Mancari	winger
position played on team / speciality	Anthony Le Tallec (born 3 October 1984) is a French professional footballer who plays for Greek club Atromitos F.C. as a forward or an attacking midfielder.	Anthony Le Tallec	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Danilo Gabriel de Andrade, or simply Danilo (also known as ZiDanilo) (born June 11, 1979 in São Gotardo), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Corinthians.	Danilo Gabriel de Andrade	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	José Antonio Malagón Rubio (born 28 May 1988), known as Josete, is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Oviedo as a defender.	José Antonio Malagón Rubio	defender
position played on team / speciality	Mykola Hrinchenko (born 27 February 1986, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League.	Mykola Hrinchenko	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zdravko Šaraba (Serbian Cyrillic: Здравко Шараба; born 15 May 1980 in Trebinje) is a Bosnian Serb footballer defender playing for FK Leotar in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina.	Zdravko Šaraba	defender
position played on team / speciality	Fernando Menegazzo (born May 3, 1981 in Anita Garibaldi) is a footballer from Brazil who currently plays as a central midfielder for Belgian side Club Brugge KV.	Fernando Menegazzo	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Hussain Hakem (Arabic: حسين حاكم‎, born 26 June 1984) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defender for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.	Hussain Hakem	defender
position played on team / speciality	Donald Thobega (21 October 1974 -- 28 March 2009), often known by his nickname Boboza, was a Botswana footballer who played as a midfielder.	Donald Thobega	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Viljar Veski plays center position.	Viljar Veski	center
position played on team / speciality	Mateusz Broź (born July 12, 1988 in Giżycko) is a Polish footballer (midfielder) who currently plays for Puszcza Niepołomice.	Mateusz Broź	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Zvonimir Boban (Croatian pronunciation: (zʋônimiːr bǒban); born 8 October 1968) is a former Croatian football midfielder who played most of his professional career for Serie A club Milan with whom he won four Serie A and one UEFA Champions League titles.	Zvonimir Boban	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Robert Sankara (born 18 February 1985) is a Burkinabé international footballer who plays for South African club Free State Stars, as a central defender	Robert Sankara	defender
position played on team / speciality	Rade Mojović (Serbian Cyrillic: Paдe Mojoвић born 1 July 1970) is a Serbian former football goalkeeper.	Rade Mojović	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Ante Roguljić (born 11 March 1996) is a Croatian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder in the Prva HNL for HNK Hajduk Split on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.	Ante Roguljić	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Christian Person (born on 26 December 1980) is a German association footballer currently playing for FC Pommern Greifswald as a goalkeeper.	Christian Person	goalkeeper
position played on team / speciality	Richie Moller (Ludwigshafen, Germany) is an American soccer forward who currently coaches the NCAA Division III Vassar College soccer team.	Richie Moller	forward
position played on team / speciality	Brahim El Bahri (born March 26, 1986 in Taounate, Morocco) is a Moroccan football midfielder.	Brahim El Bahri	midfielder
position played on team / speciality	Mary Therese McDonnell (born 26 August 1986), is an Irish American soccer defender.	Mary Therese McDonnell	defender
present in work	In the Bible, Tertullus (a modification of ``Tertius'') was a lawyer, who was employed by the Jews to state their case against Paul in the presence of Felix (Acts 24:1-9).	Tertullus	Bible
publication date	``Unforgivable Sinner'' is a song written by Norwegian singer-songwriter Lene Marlin, and recorded by herself, released as a single in 1998, as well as the 1999 album Playing My Game.	Unforgivable Sinner	1998
publisher	The Age of Miracles is the debut novel of American writer Karen Thompson Walker, published in June 2012 by Random House in the United States and Simon & Schuster in the United Kingdom.	The Age of Miracles	Random House
publisher	The Adventures of Augie March is a picaresque novel by Saul Bellow, published in 1953 by Viking Press.	The Adventures of Augie March	Viking Press
publisher	MotionSports is a sports video game released for the Xbox 360 on November 4, 2010 by Ubisoft.	MotionSports	Ubisoft
publisher	Timeball is a puzzle video game released by NEC for the TurboGrafx-16.	Timeball	NEC
publisher	Sword of Mana, originally released in Japan as Shin'yaku Seiken Densetsu (新約 聖剣伝説, lit. ``Legend of the Sacred Sword: The New Testament''), is a 2003 action role-playing game developed by Square Enix and Brownie Brown and published by Square Enix and Nintendo for the Game Boy Advance.	Sword of Mana	Square Enix
publisher	International Relations of the Asia-Pacific is a triannual, peer-reviewed, academic journal, established in 2001, and published by the Oxford University Press on behalf of the Japan Association of International Relations (Japanese:Nihon Kokusai Seiji Gakkai, 日本国際政治学会), and assisted by HighWire Press.	International Relations of the Asia-Pacific	Oxford University Press
publisher	Robot Odyssey is an adventure game, published by The Learning Company in 1984.	Robot Odyssey	The Learning Company
publisher	Goal Storm (known as World Soccer: Winning Eleven in Japan) is a football video game developed by Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo.	Goal Storm	Konami
publisher	``What Work Is'' was first published in 1991 by Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. in New York.	What Work Is	Alfred A. Knopf
publisher	2006, UK, HarperCollins ISBN 0-00-712015-X, Pub date 28 August 2006, hardback (First edition) It is in Sharpe's Fury that Bernard Cornwell inserts himself as a character.	Sharpe's Fury	HarperCollins
publisher	Bill Walsh College Football '95 is a video game of the sports genre released in 1994 by EA Sports, and a follow-up to Bill Walsh College Football.	Bill Walsh College Football '95	EA Sports
publisher	The James Joyce Quarterly was established in 1963 at the University of Tulsa by Thomas F. Staley, who was the journal's editor-in-chief for its first twenty-five years.	James Joyce Quarterly	University of Tulsa
publisher	The Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Chemical Society, designed to complement the Journal of Physical Chemistry.	Journal of Physical Chemistry Letters	American Chemical Society
publisher	Stunt Race FX, known in Japan as Wild Trax (ワイルドトラックス Wairudo Torakkusu), is a cartoon-style, 3D-racing video game developed by Nintendo EAD with the assistance of Argonaut Software (now Argonaut Games) and published by Nintendo for the Super NES.	Stunt Race FX	Nintendo
publisher	El Nuevo Tesoro de la Juventud (The New Treasure of Youth) is a general Spanish-language encyclopedia published by Grolier International, Inc.	El Nuevo Tesoro de la Juventud	Grolier
publisher	Review of Scientific Instruments is a journal published monthly by the American Institute of Physics.	Review of Scientific Instruments	American Institute of Physics
publisher	The Bulletin of Volcanology is a peer reviewed scientific journal that is published ten times per year by Springer Science+Business Media.	Bulletin of Volcanology	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	The Flying Circus of Physics by Jearl Walker (1975, published by John Wiley and Sons, second edition in 2006), is a book that poses (and answers) about a thousand questions concerned with everyday physics.	The Flying Circus of Physics	John Wiley and Sons
publisher	Wrath of the Black Manta is a side scrolling action game published by Taito for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America in 1990 and in the PAL region in 1991.	Wrath of the Black Manta	North America
publisher	Psycho Fox is a video game published by Sega for the Sega Master System in 1989.	Psycho Fox	Sega
publisher	The Complete Psionics Handbook is a supplemental rulebook for the 2nd edition of the Dungeons & Dragons fantasy role-playing game, published in 1991 by TSR, Inc.	The Complete Psionics Handbook	TSR
publisher	Stack-Up (also known as Robot Block and simply Block (ブロック Burokku) in Japan) is a video game released in 1985 for the Nintendo Entertainment System, designed for use with R.O.B. the Robotic Operating Buddy.	Stack-Up	Nintendo
publisher	From This Wicked Patch of Dust is a novel by Sergio Troncoso first published in 2011 by The University of Arizona Press.	From This Wicked Patch of Dust	University of Arizona Press
publisher	Ambassador Morgenthau's Story, Henry Morgenthau Sr., New York, 1918, Doubleday, Page & Co. Original republished in 2003 by the Gomidas Institute.	Ambassador Morgenthau's Story	Doubleday
publisher	Middle East Critique is a peer reviewed Middle Eastern studies journal published by Taylor & Francis for the Center for Middle Eastern Studies at Lund University.	Middle East Critique	Taylor & Francis
publisher	Sudoku Gridmaster (known as Puzzle Series Vol. 3: Sudoku in Japan and Sudoku Master in Europe) is a Touch generations puzzle game for the Nintendo DS, released on March 23, 2006 in Japan, June 26, 2006 in the United States and October 27, 2006 in Europe.	Sudoku Gridmaster	Nintendo
publisher	Flowers for the Judge is a crime novel by Margery Allingham, first published in February 1936, in the United Kingdom by Heinemann, London, and in the United States by Doubleday, Doran, New York.	Flowers for the Judge	Heinemann
publisher	Line to Tomorrow is a collection of science fiction and fantasy stories by Henry Kuttner and C. L. Moore, published by Bantam Books in 1954.	Line to Tomorrow	Bantam Books
publisher	Rugby 06 is the 2006 release in the Rugby series by EA Sports.	Rugby 06	EA Sports
publisher	The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia is a reference work on wine written by Tom Stevenson and published since 1988 by Dorling Kindersley, selling over 600,000 copies in 14 languages.	The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia	Dorling Kindersley
publisher	Emotional Chemistry is a BBC Books original novel written by Simon A. Forward and based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	Emotional Chemistry	BBC Books
publisher	The Excellent Dizzy Collection is a video game compilation published by Codemasters in November 1993.	The Excellent Dizzy Collection	Codemasters
publisher	El-Fish is a fish and fish-tank simulator and software toy developed by Russian game developer AnimaTek, with Maxis providing development advice.	El-Fish	Maxis
publisher	Magnetica (known in Japan as Shunkan Puzzloop (瞬感パズループ) and in Europe as Actionloop) is a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS, released as part of the Touch!	Magnetica	Nintendo
publisher	Rip-Off is a vector shoot 'em up released in arcades by Cinematronics in 1980.	Rip-Off	Cinematronics
publisher	Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology is a peer-reviewed monthly review journal that was established in October 2000 and is published by Nature Publishing Group.	Nature Reviews Molecular Cell Biology	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	Brain Pathology is the medical journal of the International Society of Neuropathology, published for them by John Wiley & Sons.	Brain Pathology	John Wiley & Sons
publisher	Nowadays Filosofický časopis is published by the Institute for philosophy of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.	Filosofický časopis	Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic
publisher	Wishful Drinking is an autobiographical book by American actress and author Carrie Fisher, published by Simon & Schuster in 2008.	Wishful Drinking	Simon & Schuster
publisher	Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator was first published in the United States by Alfred A. Knopf, Inc. in 1972, and in the United Kingdom by George Allen & Unwin in 1973.	Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator	Alfred A. Knopf
publisher	Interplay Discovery is a program launched by Interplay Entertainment in which Interplay publishes video games for indie developers.	Interplay Discovery	Interplay Entertainment
publisher	The Journal of Antibiotics is a peer-reviewed medical journal published by the Nature Publishing Group for the Japan Antibiotics Research Association	The Journal of Antibiotics	Nature Publishing Group
publisher	Greenmantle is the second of five novels by John Buchan featuring the character of Richard Hannay, first published in 1916 by Hodder & Stoughton, London.	Greenmantle	Hodder & Stoughton
publisher	China Review International appears in two issues each year published by the University of Hawaii Press.	China Review International	University of Hawaii Press
publisher	Iron Soldier is a first-person mech video game developed by Eclipse Software for the Atari Jaguar system and released in 1994.	Iron Soldier	Atari
publisher	WWE Day of Reckoning 2 is a video game released on the Nintendo GameCube console by THQ.	WWE Day of Reckoning 2	THQ
publisher	Fritz Chess is a video game for the Wii developed by Deep Silver and published by Koch Media.	Fritz Chess	Deep Silver
publisher	Aliwa! is a play by the Australian Indigenous playwright Dallas Winmar, and published by Currency Press in 2002.	Aliwa!	Currency Press
publisher	Physical Review X is a peer-reviewed open access scientific journal published by the American Physical Society covering all aspects of physics.	Physical Review X	American Physical Society
publisher	Birthrights is a 2003 play by David Williamson, published by Currency Press.	Birthrights	Currency Press
publisher	Chocky is a science fiction story by John Wyndham, first published as a novelette in the March 1963 issue of Amazing Stories and later developed into a novel in 1968, published by Michael Joseph.	Chocky	Michael Joseph
publisher	Splatterhouse 3, known in Japan as Splatterhouse Part 3 (スプラッターハウスPART3) is a video game released by Namco for the Mega Drive/Genesis in 1993.	Splatterhouse 3	Namco
publisher	Japanese Language and Literature is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal published by The Association of Teachers of Japanese.	Japanese Language and Literature	The Association of Teachers of Japanese
publisher	The Journal of Physical Oceanography is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Meteorological Society.	Journal of Physical Oceanography	American Meteorological Society
publisher	Metal Slug Advance is a run and gun video game for the Game Boy Advance handheld system created by SNK Playmore in 2004, and is canon to the Metal Slug series.	Metal Slug Advance	SNK Playmore
publisher	Peter and the Sword of Mercy is a children's novel that was published by Hyperion Books, a subsidiary of Disney, in 2009.	Peter and the Sword of Mercy	Hyperion Books
publisher	Policy Studies Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization and the American Political Science Association's Public Policy Section.	Policy Studies Journal	Wiley-Blackwell
publisher	Ultimate Brain Games is a game developed by Cosmigo and published by Telegames for the Nintendo DS, Game Boy Advance, and PlayStation platforms.	Ultimate Brain Games	Telegames
publisher	Felix in the Factory is a platform game for home computers published by Micro Power (a.k.a. Program Power).	Felix in the Factory	Micro Power
publisher	Polymer Bulletin is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media, covering polymer science, including chemistry, physics, physical chemistry, and material science.	Polymer Bulletin	Springer Science+Business Media
publisher	At Bertram's Hotel is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club on 15 November 1965 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company the following year.	At Bertram's Hotel	Collins Crime Club
publisher	The Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual (ISBN 0345340744, Ballantine Books 1975, reprinted 1986, 1996, 2006) is a fiction reference book by Joseph Schnaubelt Franz, about the workings of Starfleet, a military, exploratory, and diplomatic organization featured in the television series, Star Trek.	Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual	Ballantine Books
publisher	Let's Play Pet Hospitals is a pet care simulation video game produced by Biodroid Productions and published by Deep Silver for the Nintendo DS and Microsoft Windows.	Let's Play Pet Hospitals	Deep Silver
publisher	The book was originally published with the title The Naked Lunch in Paris in July 1959 by Olympia Press.	Naked Lunch	Olympia Press
publisher	Acta Materialia is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published twenty times per year by Elsevier on behalf of Acta Materialia Inc. The editor-in-chief is Subhash Mahajan (University of California at Davis).	Acta Materialia	Elsevier
publisher	Kirel is an isometric 3D puzzle arcade game released by Addictive Games in 1986 for the Sinclair Spectrum.	Kirel	Addictive Games
publisher	AMF Bowling World Lanes is a sports video game developed by Front Line Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks on November 18, 2008 for the Wii video game console.	AMF Bowling World Lanes	Bethesda Softworks
record label	Simple Love is the seventh album by American folk rock musician David Dondero, released on August 24, 2007 by Team Love Records.	Simple Love	Team Love Records
record label	He also claims that Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell ``had all the earmarks of a major commercial success with some radio friendly tunes and strong production, but it never found the large audience Epic Records expected.''	Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell	Epic Records
record label	You Name It is the third album by The Dynamic Superiors released on Motown Records in 1976.	You Name It	Motown
record label	``Among the Walking Dead'' is a single by Scarface from Motown Records's Walking Dead soundtrack.	Among the Walking Dead	Motown
record label	Mirotic is the fourth Korean studio album (seventh overall) by South Korean pop group TVXQ, released on September 26, 2008 by S.M. Entertainment.	Mirotic	S.M. Entertainment
record label	Independent Worm Saloon is the sixth album by alternative rock band Butthole Surfers, released in 1993 on Capitol Records.	Independent Worm Saloon	Capitol Records
record label	Pointing Up was Preston Reed's first release on Flying Fish Records.	Pointing Up	Flying Fish Records
record label	To the Edge of the Earth is a limited edition extended play (EP) by American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars, released in the United States on March 25, 2008 by Virgin Records.	To the Edge of the Earth	Virgin Records
record label	An Evening with Billie Holiday (MG C-144) is the second 10 inch LP studio album by jazz singer Billie Holiday, released by Clef Records in 1953.	An Evening with Billie Holiday	Clef Records
record label	UK 7`` Virgin Records VS 436 Visions of China -- 3.35 Taking Islands In Africa (Remix) -- 4.35 UK 12'' Virgin Records VS 436-12 Visions of China -- 3.38 Swing -- 6.25	Visions of China	Virgin Records
record label	Contents Dislodged During Shipment is a mostly experimental rock album released by Tin Huey and Warner Bros. Records originally in 1979.	Contents Dislodged During Shipment	Warner Bros. Records
record label	White Pepper is Ween's seventh full-length album, and the last album they would release on Elektra Records.	White Pepper	Elektra Records
record label	In Australia, Warner Bros. Records released a maxi-CD single of ``Nothing Fails''.	Nothing Fails	Warner Bros. Records
record label	The Secret Is Out is the eighth overall album of gospel singer Vanessa Bell Armstrong, and first under the banner of major gospel label Verity Records.	The Secret Is Out	Verity Records
record label	Missin You Already is the second album by British boy band Code Red, released in 1999 via Polydor Records.	Missin You Already	Polydor Records
record label	Hatenai Sora (果てない空) is 34th single of Japanese boy band Arashi, released on November 10, 2010 by their record label J Storm.	Hatenai Sora	J Storm
record label	Amputechture is the third studio album by American progressive rock band The Mars Volta, released on September 12, 2006 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Records.	Amputechture	Gold Standard Laboratories
record label	Winter in the Belly of a Snake is a 2002 album by Canadian breakcore artist Venetian Snares, released on Planet Mu.	Winter in the Belly of a Snake	Planet Mu
record label	``Who Owns My Heart'' was released on October 22, 2010 by Hollywood Records as the second and final single from Cyrus' third studio album Can't Be Tamed only in Europe.	Who Owns My Heart	Hollywood Records
record label	A video version of Oil on Canvas was also available from Virgin Records.	Oil on Canvas	Virgin Records
record label	``Diddy Wah Diddy'' was Bo Diddley's fourth single release on Checker Records, and was released in early 1956.	Diddy Wah Diddy	Checker Records
record label	``Playing with Knives'' is a song by British dance group Bizarre Inc. It was their second single released through Vinyl Solution (their fourth single overall), as well as their second single to be written and produced as a trio.	Playing with Knives	Vinyl Solution
record label	Primitivo Soul! is an album by American saxophonist Sonny Stitt, recorded in 1963 and issued on Prestige Records in 1964.	Primitivo Soul!	Prestige Records
record label	You Can't Resist is the third studio album by Canadian country music singer/songwriter Patricia Conroy, and was released in 1994 by Warner Music Canada.	You Can't Resist	Warner Music Canada
record label	``This Is the Last Time'' is a song performed and composed by British rock band Keane, released on 13 October 2003 as their second commercial single, first released with Fierce Panda Records and later in 2004 as a different version with Island Records.	This Is the Last Time	Fierce Panda Records
record label	The album was reissued on October 26, 2004 by Matador Records under the name Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain:	Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain	Matador Records
record label	The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions is an album by blues musician Howlin' Wolf released in 1971 on Chess Records, and on Rolling Stones Records in Britain.	The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions	Chess Records	Rolling Stones Records
record label	Rhythm-al-ism is the fourth studio album by American West Coast hip hop recording artist and producer DJ Quik, released on November 10, 1998, by Arista Records and was certified Gold by the RIAA on July 7, 1999.	Rhythm-al-ism	Arista Records
record label	Columbia Records released ``Broken-Hearted Girl'' outside the US on August 28, 2009.	Broken-Hearted Girl	Columbia Records
record label	With Teeth is the last Nine Inch Nails studio album to include the Nothing Records logo in the packaging, since it was declared extinct after the February 2007 inclusion of the Beside You in Time home video.	With Teeth	Nothing Records
record label	``Blood and Honey'' is a song performed by French singer Amanda Lear, released as a single in 1976 by Ariola Records and later included on her debut album I Am a Photograph.	Blood and Honey	Ariola Records
record label	``Somebody Loves You Baby (You Know Who It Is)'' is one of Patti LaBelle's signature songs released as a single in 1991 on the MCA Records label.	Somebody Loves You Baby (You Know Who It Is)	MCA Records
record label	The End of the Ring Wars is the first full-length album by Lawrence, Kansas-based emo group the Appleseed Cast, released on Deep Elm Records in 1998.	The End of the Ring Wars	Deep Elm Records
record label	``Gotta Know (Your Name)'' is a 1993 song by Malaika, released on A&M Records.	Gotta Know (Your Name)	A&M Records
record label	Adrenalize is the fifth studio album by English rock band Def Leppard, released in 1992 through Mercury Records.	Adrenalize	Mercury Records
record label	Forgotten Songs and Unsung Heroes is a country-blues album by German-Canadian musician John Kay, released on Dunhill Records in 1972.	Forgotten Songs and Unsung Heroes	Dunhill Records
record label	The Left Banke Too is the second studio album by the 1960s baroque rock band The Left Banke, released on Smash Records in 1968.	The Left Banke Too	Smash Records
record label	For the Page of Life album, Curb Records released a press release, which spoke of the song, quoting Hillman, who stated ``''Story of Love`` is your basic 2/4 bluegrass.''	Story of Love	Curb Records
record label	Diana & Marvin is a duets album by American soul musicians Diana Ross and Marvin Gaye, released October 26, 1973 on Motown.	Diana & Marvin	Motown
record label	Wu-Massacre is a collaboration studio album by American rappers and Wu-Tang Clan members Method Man, Ghostface Killah and Raekwon, released March 30, 2010 on Def Jam Recordings.	Wu-Massacre	Def Jam Recordings
record label	Street Tough was Ben E. King's 14th album and 13th studio album, and his final record released directly with Atlantic Records.	Street Tough	Atlantic Records
record label	``A Little Party Never Killed Nobody (All We Got)'' is a 2013 song recorded by Fergie, Q-Tip and GoonRock for the soundtrack to the 2013 film The Great Gatsby, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel of the same name, released through Interscope Records on May 6, 2013.	A Little Party Never Killed Nobody (All We Got)	Interscope Records
record label	Speak in Code is the fourth album by the American alternative rock and pop punk band Eve 6, released through Fearless Records on April 24, 2012.	Speak in Code	Fearless Records
record label	The Supremes Produced and Arranged by Jimmy Webb is the twenty-sixth studio album released by The Supremes on the Motown label in 1972.	The Supremes Produced and Arranged by Jimmy Webb	Motown
record label	``Tupac Back'' is a song by American hip hop recording artist Meek Mill, released as his debut single and the lead single from the Maybach Music Group compilation album, Self Made Vol. 1.	Tupac Back	Maybach Music Group
record label	Lullabies of Birdland is a 1956 studio album by Ella Fitzgerald, issued on the Decca Records label.	Lullabies of Birdland	Decca Records
record label	Blown 2 Completion is the third LP from Toronto punk band Brutal Knights, released in Canada through Deranged Records.	Blown 2 Completion	Deranged Records
record label	Think of One is the fourth studio album by Wynton Marsalis, released in 1983 through Columbia Records.	Think of One	Columbia Records
record label	The Galaxy Kings is an album by Austin, Texas, singer-songwriter Bob Schneider, released in a limited edition of 1000 copies by Vanguard Records in 2002.	The Galaxy Kings	Vanguard Records
record label	Follow Your Footsteps is the second album released in 1986 by avant-folk/blues singer/songwriter Jandek, and his thirteenth overall, released as Corwood Industries #0751.	Follow Your Footsteps	Corwood Industries
record label	In August 2006, Lil Jon's label TVT Records released the second volume of its Crunk Hits rap compilation, and ``Snap Yo Fingers'' was the opening track.	Snap Yo Fingers	TVT Records
record label	Released in 1993 as their final studio album for Liberty Records, it features the single ``Dream You'', which peaked at number 68 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts.	Dream You	Liberty Records
record label	Ooh, Yes I Do is the ninth single by Dutch girl group Luv', released in the autumn of 1979 by CNR/Carrere Records.	Ooh, Yes I Do	Carrere Records
record label	Seventh Son of a Seventh Son is the seventh studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden, released in 1988 by EMI in Europe and its sister label Capitol Records in the US (it was re-released by Sanctuary/Columbia Records in the US in 2002).	Seventh Son of a Seventh Son	EMI
record label	Crawl to China is the 1997 album by the Christian metal band Tourniquet, released on Benson Records.	Crawl to China	Benson Records
record label	Reed Seed is a 1978 album by jazz saxophonist Grover Washington, Jr. released on the Motown label.	Reed Seed	Motown
record label	Blank Blackout Vacant is an LP by Poison Idea released in 1992 by Taang! Records.	Blank Blackout Vacant	Taang! Records
record label	Girl Who Got Away is the fourth studio album by English recording artist Dido, released in Europe on 4 March 2013, and in North America on 26 March 2013 by RCA Records.	Girl Who Got Away	RCA Records
record label	Her Majesty the Decemberists is the second full-length album by The Decemberists, released on September 9, 2003, by Kill Rock Stars.	Her Majesty the Decemberists	Kill Rock Stars
record label	Fire Make Thunder is the fourth studio album by American progressive rock band OSI, released by Metal Blade Records on March 27, 2012 in Europe in North America.	Fire Make Thunder	Metal Blade Records
record label	Sci-Fi Crimes is the fifth studio album from the American rock band Chevelle, released on August 31, 2009 through Epic Records.	Sci-Fi Crimes	Epic Records
record label	Mi Delirio is the fifth studio album by Mexican actress and singer Anahí, released on November 24, 2009 through EMI.	Mi Delirio	EMI
record label	Crawfish Fiesta is an album recorded in 1979 by Professor Longhair during his revival period only months before his death in January 1980, and released in 1980 by Alligator Records.	Crawfish Fiesta	Alligator Records
record label	An edited version of ``BTSTU'' entitled ``BTSTU (Edit)'' was officially released on April 21, 2011, via XL Recordings.	BTSTU	XL Recordings
record label	Described as ``mix of ska rhythms and new wave pop hooks'' by Allmusic, ``I Love You 'Cause I Have To'' gained enough critical and commercial success to gain a recording contract with V2 Records, who released their debut album, Please Describe Yourself.	I Love You 'Cause I Have To	V2 Records
record label	Coat of Many Colors is the eighth solo studio album by Dolly Parton, released in 1971 by RCA Records.	Coat of Many Colors	RCA Records
record label	Columbia Records released ``Check on It'' in the United States on December 13, 2005.	Check on It	Columbia Records
record label	``Wanksta'' was 50 Cent's first single to chart after signing up with Eminem's & Dr. Dre's labels, Shady Records & Aftermath Entertainment, as well as his first single since 1999's Thug Love.	Wanksta	Shady Records	Aftermath Entertainment
record label	``January February'' is a song by Scottish singer Barbara Dickson released on 25 January, 1980 by Epic Records.	January February	Epic Records
record label	Reflections (A Retrospective) is The First greatest hits album by American R&B singer Mary J. Blige, released in the United States on December 12, 2006 by Geffen Records.	Reflections (A Retrospective)	Geffen Records
record label	28 Gun Bad Boy is the third album by house music and drum and bass pioneer A Guy Called Gerald, released in 1992.	28 Gun Bad Boy	A Guy Called Gerald
record label	Released in 1976, Naked & Warm is the fifth studio album by American R&B singer Bill Withers and his second for Columbia Records.	Naked & Warm	Columbia Records
record label	In a Major Way is the second studio album by American rapper E-40, released March 14, 1995 on Jive and Sick Wid It Records.	In a Major Way	Sick Wid It Records
record label	Out of Silence is the third studio album by Keyboardist Yanni, released on the Private Music label in 1987 (see 1987 in music).	Out of Silence	Private Music
record label	We'll Never Turn Back is the eleventh studio album by American gospel and soul singer Mavis Staples, released April 24, 2007 on ANTI- Records.	We'll Never Turn Back	ANTI-
record label	Relient K -- ``Be My Escape'' Video on YouTube uploaded by Capitol Records	Be My Escape	Capitol Records
record label	``(I Would) Die for You'' was released as a CD single by Bonnier Music and EMI International following the contest.	(I Would) Die for You	EMI
record label	Winter in America is a studio album by American recording artist Gil Scott-Heron and musician Brian Jackson, released in May 1974 on Strata-East Records.	Winter in America	Strata-East Records
record label	Filth Pig is the sixth studio album by industrial metal band Ministry, released in 1996 on Warner Bros. Records.	Filth Pig	Warner Bros. Records
record label	Kelis Was Here is the fourth studio album by American singer-songwriter Kelis, released August 22, 2006 by Jive Records.	Kelis Was Here	Jive Records
record label	S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is the second album by American rock band Incubus, released on September 9, 1997 by Epic Records.	S.C.I.E.N.C.E.	Epic Records
record label	Round Room is the ninth official studio album by the American rock band Phish, released on December 10, 2002, by Elektra Records.	Round Room	Elektra Records
record label	The Flip Phillips Buddy Rich Trio is a 1953 Clef Records release of several small jazz combo tracks recorded in 1951 and 1952.	The Flip Phillips Buddy Rich Trio	Clef Records
record label	The Sailor was Newbury's third album for Hickory Records in three years.	The Sailor	Hickory Records
record label	Play blessures (Play harms) is the fourth album by French rock musician Alain Bashung, issued in 1982 on Philips Records.	Play blessures	Philips Records
record label	Blue Miasma is the fifth studio album by black metal band Krieg.	Blue Miasma	studio album	black metal	Krieg
record label	Mould released Body of Song through a label other than directly through his own Granary Music imprint for the first time since leaving Rykodisc after the release of The Last Dog and Pony Show, signing a deal with Chapel Hill, NC-based independent label Yep Roc Records to distribute the album.	Body of Song	Granary Music	Yep Roc Records
series	``That's How Murder Snowballs'' is the fifth episode of the 1969 ITC British television series Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) starring Mike Pratt, Kenneth Cope and Annette Andre.	That's How Murder Snowballs	Randall and Hopkirk
sex or gender	Beata Bartków-Kwiatkowska (born November 22, 1981 in Bielsko-Biała) is a Polish female sport shooter.	Beata Bartków-Kwiatkowska	female
sex or gender	In the 1920-30s Dulcie Deamer was a poet, playwright and author in Sydney, where she was Australia's first female boxing reporter.	Dulcie Deamer	female
sex or gender	Maria Aparecida Souza Dias, known as Cidinha (born 6 October 1976) is a Brazilian female former footballer.	Cidinha	female
sex or gender	Sue Simmons (born May 27, 1942) is a former news anchor who was best known for being the lead female anchor at WNBC in New York City from 1980 to 2012.	Sue Simmons	female
sex or gender	Krystyna Ostromęcka-Guryn (born 12 March 1948) is a former female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team in 1968--1974, a bronze medalist of the Olympic Games Mexico 1968 and European Championship 1974).	Krystyna Ostromęcka	female
sex or gender	Jasna Tošković (born 16 March 1989 in Titograd, SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin female handballer who plays as a right back for HCM Roman in the Romanian Liga Naţională.	Jasna Tošković	female
sex or gender	A few years later the tribe recognized We'wha's berdache traits and her religious training was then handed over to female relatives.	We'wha	female
sex or gender	Alain Lemercier (born January 11, 1957 in Flers, Orne) is a retired male race walker from France, who competed in two consecutive Summer Olympics (1988 and 1992) during his career.	Alain Lemercier	male
sex or gender	Katherina Hetzeldorfer (died 1477 in Speyer) was the first recorded person to have been executed for female homosexuality.	Katherina Hetzeldorfer	female
sex or gender	Gergely Horváth (pronounced (ˈɡɛrɡɛj ˈhorvaːt); born 5 June 1975 in Budapest) is a retired Hungarian male javelin thrower and seven time national champion.	Gergely Horváth	male
sex or gender	Hannah Lee Fox (born September 29, 1969), better known as Hannah Fox is a former female boxer.	Hannah Fox	female
sex or gender	Marianne Ehrmann's visionary dream of an individual female independence and her hope to establish an outliving progressive female publication were not realized within the next hundred years, but she was regarded by contemporary people as a philosopher of the Age of Enlightenment.	Marianne Ehrmann	female
sex or gender	Sylvia Daoust, CM, CQ (24 May 1902 -- July 19, 2004), born in Montreal, was one of the first female sculptors in Quebec.	Sylvia Daoust	female
sex or gender	Arlen Siu Bermúdez (15 July 1955 -- 1 August 1975) was a Chinese Nicaraguan who became one of the first female martyrs of the Sandinista revolution.	Arlen Siu	female
sex or gender	Ann Bassett (May 12, 1878 -- May 8, 1956), also known as Queen Ann Bassett, was a prominent female rancher of the Old West, and with her sister Josie Bassett, was an associate of outlaws, particularly Butch Cassidy's Wild Bunch.	Ann Bassett	female
sex or gender	Rachele Sangiuliano (born June 23, 1981 in San Donà di Piave) is a female volleyball player who represented Italy in the early 2000s.	Rachele Sangiuliano	female
sex or gender	Yeum Go-eun (Hangul: 염고은; born 18 October 1994) is a female South Korean long-distance runner.	Yeum Go-eun	female
sex or gender	Chioma Nnamaka (born June 15, 1985 in Uppsala, Sweden) is a Swedish professional female basketball player and a member of Sweden women's national basketball team.	Chioma Nnamaka	female
sex or gender	Helga Newmark, née Helga Hoflich, (1932--2012) was the first female Holocaust survivor ordained as a rabbi.	Helga Newmark	female
sex or gender	In 1931, Brajanath Sarma, with the help of Phani Sarma introduced female actresses for the first time to appear in their drama productions at a time when male acting was completely dominant, revolutionising the nature of Assamese theatre	Phani Sarma	male
sex or gender	Peng Ping (Chinese: 彭萍; born January 14, 1967) is a retired Chinese female basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.	Peng Ping	female
sex or gender	Kimara Lovelace is a female dance music vocalist who placed three songs in the Top 10 of the Hot Dance Music/Club Play chart in the late nineties.	Kimara Lovelace	female
sex or gender	Enkel Zhuti is an Albanian male ballet dancer.	Enkel Zhuti	male
sex or gender	Wong Wo Bik (王禾璧) is a fine arts photographer and one of the few active female photographers in Hong Kong.	Wong Wo Bik	female
sex or gender	Chesca Miles (Maya Francesca Guila Maria Miles. Born August 27, 1991 in Roehampton, London) is the UK's first professional female Streetbike Freestyle stunt rider, actress, singer, and model.	Chesca Miles	female
sex or gender	Ann Marie Flynn (born August 17, 1938) is a retired female high jumper from the United States, who competed in the 1950s and 1960s for her native country.	Ann Marie Flynn	female
sex or gender	Huang Li (Chinese: 黄丽; pinyin: Huáng Lì; born 23 December 1988) is a Chinese female track cyclist who specialises in omnium.	Huang Li	female
sex or gender	Liu Yunpeng (simplified Chinese: 刘云鹏; traditional Chinese: 劉雲鵬; pinyin: Liú Yúnpéng; born October 24, 1962) is a Chinese retired male high jumper, who competed for his native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics.	Liu Yunpeng	male
sex or gender	Tan Bin Shen (Chinese: 陳斌生; born 24 January 1984 in Selangor) is a male badminton player from Malaysia.	Tan Bin Shen	male
sex or gender	Aryan Vaid (born 4 July 1976) is an Indian male model who won the Graviera Mr. India modelling pageant in the year 2000.	Aryan Vaid	male
sex or gender	Marie-Louise Rochebillard (4 June 1860 -- 30 January 1936) was a French Social Catholic and pioneer of female trade union activity.	Marie-Louise Rochebillard	female
sex or gender	Best Dutch jazz singer 1958 - Playboy Jazz Poll (USA: nomination for best female singer) 1960 - Rita Reys & Trio Pim Jacobs winn the festival award at the jazz festival of Antibes/Juan-les-Pins	Rita Reys	female
sex or gender	Alex J. Robinson (born May 9, 1985 in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada) is a female country music singer/songwriter.	Alex J. Robinson	female
sex or gender	Xu Zhiqiang (Chinese: 许志强) is a former male Chinese gymnast.	Xu Zhiqiang	male
sex or gender	Burcu Yüksel (née Ayhan; pronounced (ˈbuɾdʒu ˈajhan); born May 3, 1990 in Kadirli, Osmaniye Province) is a Turkish female high jumper.	Burcu Yüksel	female
sex or gender	Chantal Strasser (born March 21, 1978 in Zürich) is a retired female freestyle swimmer from Switzerland.	Chantal Strasser	female
sex or gender	Astarte is one of a number of names associated with the chief goddess or female divinity of those peoples.	Astarte	female
sex or gender	Hovhannes Avtandilyan (Armenian: Հովհաննէս Ավթանդիլյան, born February 15, 1978 in Yerevan, Armenian SSR) is a male Armenian retired diver.	Hovhannes Avtandilyan	male
sex or gender	Peter van Wees (born June 13, 1973, Sittard) is a Dutch male skeleton racer, who took part in the 2005/2006 Skeleton World Cup trying to qualify for the 2006 Winter Olympics.	Peter van Wees	male
sex or gender	Ellen Muriel Deason (August 30, 1919 -- July 16, 2012), known professionally as Kitty Wells, was an American pioneering female country music singer.	Kitty Wells	female
sex or gender	Mariel Espinosa Solís (born 24 January 1987 in Morelia, Michoacán) is a female track and field athlete from Mexico who specializes in the 400 and 800 metres competitions.	Mariel Espinosa	female
sex or gender	Miriam Oremans (born 9 September 1972 in Berlicum, Noord-Brabant) is a former professional female tennis player from the Netherlands.	Miriam Oremans	female
sex or gender	Kelli Dayton, also known as Kelli Ali (a name she took to honour her father, Michael Ali) is a female vocalist most recognized for being lead singer for the trip hop group Sneaker Pimps.	Kelli Ali	female
sex or gender	Luo Nan (born 1986-11-03 in Anshan, China) is a female Chinese swimmer, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Luo Nan	female
sex or gender	Sarah Mayer (1896--1957),was an English female judoka.	Sarah Mayer	female
sex or gender	Álvaro Jordan (January 8, 1962 in Cali, Colombia-January 11, 2001) was a male tennis player from Colombia.	Álvaro Jordan	male
sex or gender	Georgia Lara (born May 31, 1980) is a female Greek water polo player and Olympic silver medalist with the Greek national team.	Georgia Lara	female
sex or gender	Saira Shekeb Sadat is the first female Wuluswal (English: sub-governor) of Afghanistan.	Saira Shekeb Sadat	female
sex or gender	Eom Hye-won (born September 8, 1991) is a female South Korean badminton player.	Eom Hye-won	female
sex or gender	Armand Parmentier (born 15 February 1954 in Waregem, West Flanders) is a retired male long-distance runner from Belgium, who represented his native country in the men's marathon at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California.	Armand Parmentier	male
sex or gender	Chen Jingmao is the male leader of the South China Church.	Chen Jingmao	male
sex or gender	On the southern embankment is a statue of an elephant carrying three passengers on its back, thought to be three of the male members of the Pratap Malla's family, while a fourth person is held in its trunk.	Pratap Malla	male
sex or gender	Vitaly Koryakin(born on December 2, 1983) is a male freestyle wrestler from Tajikistan.	Vitaly Koryakin	male
sex or gender	Seanna Mitchell (born July 2, 1988 in Montreal, Quebec) is a female swimmer from Canada, who mostly competes in the freestyle events.	Seanna Mitchell	female
sex or gender	Frances Adler Elkins (7 November 1888 -- 26 August 1953), was one of the twentieth century's most prominent female designers.	Frances Adler Elkins	female
sex or gender	Nikolay Vikhor (Russian: Николай Вихор; born March 10, 1954 in Moscow) is a retired male discus thrower.	Nikolay Vikhor	male
sex or gender	The main male character is a gentleman thief named Arsène Lupin.	Arsène Lupin	male
sex or gender	Su Yiping (simplified Chinese: 苏懿萍; traditional Chinese: 蘇懿萍; pinyin: Sū Yìpíng; born August 4, 1979 in Changshu, Suzhou, Jiangsu) is a female Chinese hurdler.	Su Yiping	female
sex or gender	Živana Antonijević or Blind Živana (she was probably born in the 1770s and died in Zemun in 1828) was Serbian storyteller, female gusle player (Serbian: guslar) and one of the most important sources for Serbian epic poetry recorded by Vuk Karadžić.	Živana Antonijević	female
sex or gender	Batgirl is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, depicted as female counterparts to the superhero Batman.	Batgirl	female
sex or gender	Gijs Ronnes (born 10 June 1977 in Boxmeer, North Brabant) is a male beach volleyball player from the Netherlands.	Gijs Ronnes	male
sex or gender	Lady Triệu (Vietnamese: Bà Triệu, Sino-Vietnamese: 趙嫗 Triệu Ẩu; 225--248) was a female warrior in 3rd century Vietnam who managed, for a time, to successfully resist the Chinese state of Eastern Wu during its occupation of Vietnam.	Lady Triệu	female
sex or gender	Zoltán Mechlovits (1891 - 25 March 1951 in Budapest) is a male former table tennis player from Hungary.	Zoltán Mechlovits	male
sex or gender	A review of Missing Kissinger by Todd McEwen describes Etgar Keret's locale as that of ``male confusion, loneliness, blundering, bellowing and, above all, stasis.	Etgar Keret	male
sex or gender	Jarno Pihlava (born May 14, 1979 in Raisio, Finland) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from Finland.	Jarno Pihlava	male
sex or gender	Brittany Brown (born August 31) is a female professional wrestler, former promoter and current trainer.	Brittany Brown	female
sex or gender	Rick Pantera a.k.a. John Pantera (born July 24, 1965) is a male African-American pornographic actor performing in adult entertainment films in the 1990s.	Rick Pantera	male
sex or gender	Juanita Ángeles (born 1900) was a Filipina silent film actress, noted as a major female silent star of early cinema of the Philippines.	Juanita Ángeles	female
sex or gender	Vaslav Nijinsky (also Vatslav; Russian: Ва́цлав Фоми́ч Нижи́нский; Russian pronunciation: (ˈvatsləf fəˈmʲitɕ nʲɪˈʐɨnskʲɪj); Polish: Wacław Niżyński; 12 March 1889/1890 -- 8 April 1950) was a Russian ballet dancer and choreographer of Polish descent, cited as the greatest male dancer of the early 20th century.	Vaslav Nijinsky	male
sex or gender	On December 11, 2002, Danielle Dube became the third female goaltender to start in goal for a professional men's team.	Danielle Dube	female
sex or gender	Jannat Mahid (Arabic: جنات مهيد‎) (born January 6, 1986), known by her stage name Jannat, is one of the youngest female Arab artists to have graced the Middle East music scene.	Jannat	female
sex or gender	Carlos Mauricio Prudencio Oliva (born February 24, 1980) is a retired male Olympic backstroke swimmer from Bolivia.	Mauricio Prudencio	male
sex or gender	Hogun possesses the conventional superhuman abilities of an Asgardian male.	Hogun	male
sex or gender	Lei Donghui (born May 5, 1984 in Beijing) is a female Chinese softball player.	Lei Donghui	female
sex or gender	Danja Müsch (born April 14, 1971 in Kassel) is a former female beach volleyball player from Germany, who represented her native country in three consecutive Summer Olympics: 1996, 2000 and 2004.	Danja Müsch	female
sex or gender	Guo Yan(Chinese: 郭焱, born June 24, 1982 in Beijing, China) is a female Chinese table tennis player.	Guo Yan	female
sex or gender	Jake Shears (born Jason F. Sellards; October 3, 1978) is an American singer, best known as the lead male singer for the pop band Scissor Sisters.	Jake Shears	male
sex or gender	Lenka Marušková (Czech pronunciation: (ˈlɛŋka ˈmaruʃkovaː)) née Hyková (ˈɦɪkovaː) (born February 2, 1985) is a Czech female sport shooter.	Lenka Marušková	female
sex or gender	Lucy Say became the first female member of the Academy of Natural Sciences of Philadelphia on October 26, 1841.	Lucy Say	female
sex or gender	Grace Gao (born October 17, 1989) is a Canadian female badminton player from Calgary, Alberta.	Grace Gao	female
sex or gender	Zeb Atlas (born on October 15, 1970, in Portland, Oregon) is a bisexual American male pornographic film actor and softcore performer.	Zeb Atlas	male
sex or gender	Guo Kang (born 1988-02-14) is a male Chinese rower, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Guo Kang	male
sex or gender	Marguerite Monvoisin, together with her mother's female associates La Pelletière, La Poulain, Magdelaine Chapelain, Marguerite Delaporte and Catherine Leroy, were imprisoned at Belle-Île-en-Mer.	Marguerite Monvoisin	female
sex or gender	Susan Ann Sulley (born 22 March 1963), formerly known as Susanne Sulley and Susan Ann Gayle, is a British singer and one of the two female vocalists of the synthpop group The Human League.	Susan Ann Sulley	female
sex or gender	Lola Bunny is a Looney Tunes cartoon character portrayed as an anthropomorphic female rabbit.	Lola Bunny	female
sex or gender	Clare Daniels (born 1974) is an English international rugby union referee and is the world's most capped female Test referee.	Clare Daniels	female
sex or gender	Hristo Tsvetanov (Bulgarian: Христо Цветанов) (born 29 March 1978, in Cherven Bryag) is a Bulgarian male volleyball player who is a member of the Bulgarian team of the 2006 world championship.	Hristo Tsvetanov	male
sex or gender	Esther Ayuso (born 1958) was the first female Belizean architect.	Esther Ayuso	female
sex or gender	Li Qingnian (Chinese: 李清念; pinyin: Lǐ Qīngniàn; born March 23, 1981 in Beijing) is a female Chinese sports shooter.	Li Qingnian	female
sex or gender	Sara Johansson (born 23 January 1980) is a female footballer for Hammarby IF DFF and the Swedish national team.	Sara Johansson	female
sex or gender	Forty years later, Sylvia Chang is one of Hong Kong's greatest, and probably most diversified, female artist.	Sylvia Chang	female
sex or gender	Li Rongxiang (simplified Chinese: 李荣祥; traditional Chinese: 李榮祥; pinyin: Lǐ Róngxiáng; born January 18, 1972 in Zhejiang) is a male javelin thrower from PR China.	Li Rongxiang	male
sex or gender	Félix Omar Fernández Rodríguez (born July 22, 1976) is a retired male track and field athlete.	Félix Omar Fernández	male
sex or gender	Karyna Yezhykava (born 7 August 1990 in Gomel), is a Belarusian female handballer who plays as a right back for HC Astrakhanochka and the Belarusian national team.	Karyna Yezhykava	female
sex or gender	Shirome (白女) was a minor female Japanese waka poet, who lived during the 10th century AD.	Shirome	female
sex or gender	The Hercules Scholarships The Hercules Scholarship, for male students, is named after Tom Joyner's late father.	Tom Joyner	male
sex or gender	Michele Aboro (born 17 July 1967 in London, England) is a British female boxer of Nigerian descent who currently resides in Shanghai, China.	Michele Aboro	female
sex or gender	Marcelle Keet (born 25 October 1984) is a female former water polo player and field hockey player from South Africa.	Marcelle Keet	female
sex or gender	Jenna Carroll (born 8 May 1990) is an English female football defender.	Jenna Carroll	female
sex or gender	Paul Ragusa (born May 24, 1971 in Bülach, Zürich) is retired male wrestler from Canada, who was born in Switzerland.	Paul Ragusa	male
sex or gender	Mike Dreyden (born in Brooklyn, New York) is an American male pornographic actor who has appeared in gay pornographic movies.	Mike Dreyden	male
sex or gender	Between June and December 1944, Carl Værnet experimented on 17 male inmates at Buchenwald who were forced to undergo an operation with an artificial gland.	Carl Værnet	male
sex or gender	Dája Bedáňová (born Daniela Bedáňová 9 March 1983) is a former professional female tennis player from the Czech Republic.	Dája Bedáňová	female
sex or gender	His daughter, widowed soon after her marriage, ended her days in a convent and so Honoré Armand de Villars had no descendents in the male line.	Honoré Armand de Villars	male
sex or gender	Mai Hồng Ngọc, better known by her stage name Đông Nhi (born 13 October 1988, in Hanoi), is a Vietnamese female singer.	Đông Nhi	female
sex or gender	Charlotte Harris Deveny (born April 29, 1931) is an American musician who plays the cello and was the only female member of the Lawrence Welk orchestra.	Charlotte Harris	female
sex or gender	Hou Yuzhuo (Chinese: 侯玉琢; pinyin: Hóu Yùzhuó; born 14 November 1987 in Zhangjiakou, Hebei) is a female Chinese Taekwondo practitioner.	Hou Yuzhuo	female
sex or gender	Helene Ferris is the first second-career female rabbi in Judaism.	Helene Ferris	female
sex or gender	Siri Skare (June 6, 1958 -- April 1, 2011) was the first female aviator in the armed forces of Norway.	Siri Skare	female
sex or gender	Jasmin Čuturić (born 5 July 1974) is a Slovenian male former beach volleyball and volleyball player.	Jasmin Čuturić	male
sex or gender	Daria Paszek (born 30 August 1991) is a female Polish volleyball player, a member of Poland women's national volleyball team and Polish club LTS Legionovia Legionowo, bronze medalist of European League and silver medalist of European Games.	Daria Paszek	female
sex or gender	María Dolores Estévez Zuleta (1906--1959), commonly known as Lola la Chata, was the first major female drug trafficker dealing marijuana, morphine and heroin in Mexico from the 1930s to 1950s.	Lola la Chata	female
sex or gender	Robert S. Mendelsohn (1926 -- 1988) was an American pediatrician and critic of medical paternalism, inveighing against pediatric practice, obstetric orthodoxy and the effect of the preponderance of male obstetricians, and vaccination.	Robert S. Mendelsohn	male
sex or gender	Ali was the first young male who accepted Islam.	Ali	male
sex or gender	Miep Stegmann (1927, Schiedam -- 1985, Sint-Truiden) was the first female psychiatrist in Belgium.	Miep Stegmann	female
sex or gender	Larisa Khmelnitskaya (Belarusian: Ларыса Хмяльніцкая; born September 23, 1971 in Saransk, Respublika Mordoviya) is a retired female race walker from Belarus, who was born in Russia as Larisa Ramazanova.	Larisa Ramazanova	female
sex or gender	Ellen van Maris (born 1957 in Amstelveen) is a former professional female bodybuilder from the Netherlands.	Ellen van Maris	female
sex or gender	Dessa is a founding member of The Boy Sopranos, an almost all-female a cappella group, with frequent collaborators Jessy Greene, Aby Wolf and others.	Dessa	female
sex or gender	Tao Luna (Chinese: 陶璐娜; pinyin: Táo Lùnà; born February 11, 1974 in Shanghai) is a female Chinese sports shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Tao Luna	female
sex or gender	Diana Chalá Zamora (born May 20, 1982) is a female judoka from Ecuador, who won the bronze medal in the women's middleweight division (-- 70 kg) at the 2003 Pan American Games in Santo Domingo, alongside Dulce Piña of the Dominican Republic.	Diana Chalá	female
sex or gender	Ronald Girones (born May 10, 1983 in Guantánamo) is a male judoka from Cuba, who won the bronze medal in the men's lightweight division (-- 73 kg) at the 2007 Pan American Games, alongside Canada's Nicholas Tritton.	Ronald Girones	male
sex or gender	The ITF Athens Open (previously known as the Vogue Athens Open) was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hard courts.	ITF Athens Open	female
sex or gender	Nika Barič (born September 2, 1992 in Trbovlje, Slovenia) is a Slovenian female basketball player who curently played for the Russian UMMC Ekaterinburg.	Nika Barič	female
sex or gender	Mary Fuzesi (born February 21, 1974 in Budapest) is a retired female gymnast from Canada, who was born in Hungary.	Mary Fuzesi	female
sex or gender	Alena Khamulkina (Belarusian: Алена Хамулькіна; born 27 July 1997) is a female diver from Belarus.	Alena Khamulkina	female
sex or gender	Mi Renrong (Chinese: 米仁蓉; pinyin: Mǐ Rénróng; born September 7, 1977 in Suining, Sichuan) is a female Chinese softball player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.	Mi Renrong	female
sex or gender	Dame Sarah Algeria Marjorie Maxse, DBE, better known as Marjorie Maxse (26 October 1891 -- 3 May 1975) was a political organiser and the first female chief organization officer of the Conservative Party.	Marjorie Maxse	female
sex or gender	Sherine Wagdy (Arabic: شيرين وجدي‎) (born as Sherine Farouk Salem (Arabic: شيرين فاروق سالم‎) in Cairo, Egypt) is an Egyptian female singer.	Sherine Wagdy	female
sex or gender	Although Andromache adheres to the formal practice of female lamentation in Homeric epic, the raw emotion of her discovery yields a miserable beginning to a new era in her life without her husband and, ultimately, without a home.	Andromache	female
sex or gender	Naile İvegin Çırak (born Naile İvegin on May 29, 1985 in Niksar, Tokat Province, Turkey) is a Turkish female basketball player.	Naile İvegin	female
sex or gender	In the 1970s, Yardena Arazi was a member of the female vocal trio Chocolate, Menta, Mastik along with Leah Lupatin and Rutie Holzman.	Yardena Arazi	female
sex or gender	Cassandra Busse (born 15 June 1982) is a former American female volleyball player.	Cassandra Busse	female
sex or gender	Didem Sarıca, married Süer, (born March 4, 1977) is a former Turkish female professional basketball player.	Didem Sarıca	female
sex or gender	In 2013, Barbara Labate with her Risparmio Super won the Lady Pitch Night competition in Paris which selects the best European female-founded startup.	Barbara Labate	female
sex or gender	Meng Lang (Chinese: 孟浪; born March 6, 1984 in Heilongjiang) is a female Chinese racing cyclist, who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics.	Meng Lang	female
sport	Girobio, also known as Baby Giro, is an Italian road bicycle racing amateur stage race created in 1970.	Girobio	road bicycle racing
spouse	Guy of Thouars (died 12 April 1213) was the third husband of Constance, Duchess of Brittany, whom he married in 1199 in Angers, County of Anjou between August and October 1199 after her son Arthur of Brittany entered Angers to be recognized as count of the three countships of Anjou, Maine and Touraine.	Guy of Thouars	Constance, Duchess of Brittany
taxon rank	Tiwari's bronzeback, Dendrelaphis humayuni, is a species of snake found in the Nicobar Islands of India.	Dendrelaphis humayuni	species
taxon rank	Goodenia is a genus consisting of 179 species of flowering plants.	Goodenia	genus
taxon rank	Russula violeipes, commonly known as the velvet brittlegill, is a species of fungus in the family Russulaceae.	Russula violeipes	species
taxon rank	Paraegocidnus feai is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraegocidnus.	Paraegocidnus feai	species
taxon rank	Pterocheilus is an essentially holarctic genus of potter wasps with a fairly rich diversity in North America and a single afrotropical species (Pterocheilus eurystomus Kohl 1906) known from Socotra.	Pterocheilus	genus
taxon rank	Schoepfia is a small genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Schoepfiaceae.	Schoepfia	genus
taxon rank	Blenniella gibbifrons, the Hump-headed blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian Oceans from the East Africa to the Hawaiian, Line and Ducie Islands, north to Marcus Island.	Blenniella gibbifrons	species
taxon rank	Hylarana florensis, commonly known as the Floresian frog or Flores frog, is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana.	Hylarana florensis	species
taxon rank	Syngnathus dawsoni, is a species of the pipefishes.	Syngnathus dawsoni	species
taxon rank	Nannostomus trifasciatus, commonly known as the three-lined or three-stripepencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus trifasciatus	species
taxon rank	Neobenedenia is a genus of monopisthocotylean monogenean flatworm parasites.	Neobenedenia	genus
taxon rank	Fowlerichthys is a genus of frogfishes.	Fowlerichthys	genus
taxon rank	Coptis quinquesecta is a species of goldthread native to Yunnan, China and locally in northern Vietnam.	Coptis quinquesecta	species
taxon rank	Plagiolepis is an ant genus of the formic acid-producing subfamily Formicinae.	Plagiolepis	genus
taxon rank	Anredera vesicaria (common name Sacasile) and the related A. cordifolia are the only two species of the family Basellaceae known to occur in the wild in the contiguous United States.	Anredera vesicaria	species
taxon rank	Neocancilla kayae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, with the family common name of miters or miter snails.	Neocancilla kayae	species
taxon rank	Juncus macrophyllus is a species of rush known by the common name longleaf rush.	Juncus macrophyllus	species
taxon rank	Tithonia is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the Asteraceae family.	Tithonia	genus
taxon rank	Prolagus oeningensis is an extinct lagomorph and the type species of its genus, Prolagus.	Prolagus oeningensis	species
taxon rank	Potamonautes isimangaliso is a species of freshwater crustacean in the family Potamonautidae.	Potamonautes isimangaliso	species
taxon rank	Varanosaurus ('monitor lizard') is an extinct genus of early pelycosaur synapsid that lived during the Kungurian.	Varanosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Although all searches to rediscover Orbexilum stipulatum have thus far been unsuccessful, two other species strongly associated with buffalo that were once thought to be extinct, Trifolium stoloniferum and Solidago shortii, have been rediscovered on old buffalo trails and a mineral lick.	Orbexilum stipulatum	species
taxon rank	Balitoropsis zollingeri is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Balitoropsis.	Balitoropsis zollingeri	species
taxon rank	Labidostomma aethiopica is a species of mite belonging to the family Labidostommatidae.	Labidostomma aethiopica	species
taxon rank	Pectinantus parini is a species of tubeshoulder known from the Pacific and Indian Oceans where it has been found at depths of around 1,750 metres (5,740 ft).	Pectinantus parini	species
taxon rank	Schillerosaurus (originally named Schilleria, but this name turned out to be preoccupied) was a genus of prehistoric lizard of the Late Jurassic Morrison Formation of Western North America.	Schillerosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Masdevallia ventricularia is a species of orchid occurring from Colombia to northwestern Ecuador.	Masdevallia ventricularia	species
taxon rank	Asprocottus korjakovi is one of the 30 or so endemic sculpin fish species endemic to the ancient lake Baikal in Siberia.	Asprocottus korjakovi	species
taxon rank	Alburnoides is a genus of cyprinid fishes native to Europe and Asia.	Alburnoides	genus
taxon rank	Uca mjoebergi is a species of fiddler crab discovered by and named after the Swedish zoologist Eric Mjöberg (1882--1938), member of a Swedish scientific expedition to Australia in the early 1900s.	Uca mjoebergi	species
taxon rank	Blennius normani is a species of combtooth blenny found in the eastern Atlantic ocean.	Blennius normani	species
taxon rank	Gehyra georgpotthasti is a species of web-toed gecko, found on several Melanesian islands.	Gehyra georgpotthasti	species
taxon rank	Agropyropsis is a genus of Algerian plants in the grass family.	Agropyropsis	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces fragilis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil in Argentina.	Streptomyces fragilis	species
taxon rank	Amphitretus is a genus of pelagic gelatinous octopuses.	Amphitretus	genus
taxon rank	Flammulaster erinaceellus is a species of fungus in the agaric family Inocybaceae.	Flammulaster erinaceellus	species
taxon rank	Pronophilina is a Neotropical subtribe of butterflies of the subfamily Satyrinae.	Pronophilina	subtribe
taxon rank	The Florida bonneted bat (Eumops floridanus) is a species of bat in the genus Eumops, the bonneted bats or mastiff bats.	Eumops floridanus	species
taxon rank	Gaiadendron is a genus of parasitic shrub (mistletoes) that is found in South America.	Gaiadendron	genus
taxon rank	Agonum ericeti is a species of ground beetle in the Platyninae subfamily that can be found in all Europe except for Spain and Portugal.	Agonum ericeti	species
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis cornu-cervi is a species of orchid occurring from Indochina to western Malesia and the Philippines.	Phalaenopsis cornu-cervi	species
taxon rank	Neozygocera kaszabi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neozygocera.	Neozygocera kaszabi	species
taxon rank	Phasianella solida, common name the solid pheasant, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Phasianellidae.	Phasianella solida	species
taxon rank	Idiodiaptomus gracilipes is a species of copepod in the family Diaptomidae.	Idiodiaptomus	species
taxon rank	Amblyscirtes is a genus of butterfly called skippers in the family Hesperiidae.	Amblyscirtes	genus
taxon rank	Lycoptera is a genus of fish that lived from the late Jurassic to Cretaceous periods in present-day China, Korea, Mongolia and Siberia.	Lycoptera	genus
taxon rank	The Poales are a large order of flowering plants in the monocotyledons, and includes families of plants such as the grasses, bromeliads, and sedges.	Poales	order
taxon rank	Agyneta paraprosecta is a species of sheet weaver found in the United Arab Emirates.	Agyneta paraprosecta	species
taxon rank	Amyema miquelii, also known as Box Mistletoe, is a species of flowering plant, an epiphytic hemiparasitic plant of the family Loranthaceae, found attached to several species of Australian eucalypt and occasionally on some species of Acacia.	Amyema miquelii	species
taxon rank	Suaeda calceoliformis is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family known by several common names, including Pursh seepweed and horned seablite.	Suaeda calceoliformis	species
taxon rank	Annona cherimola, originally called Chirimuya by the Inca people who lived where it was growing in the Andes of South America, is an edible fruit-bearing species of the genus Annona from the family Annonaceae.	Annona cherimola	species
taxon rank	Baloskion is a genus of rush-like plants from Australia.	Baloskion	genus
taxon rank	Chaetodon is a tropical fish genus in the family Chaetodontidae.	Chaetodon	genus
taxon rank	Macrodasyida is an order of gastrotrichs.	Macrodasyida	order
taxon rank	Trachyspermum is a genus in the plant family Apiaceae.	Trachyspermum	genus
taxon rank	Perleidus is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Triassic period.	Perleidus	genus
taxon rank	Ferula (from Latin ferula, ``rod'') is a genus of about 170 species of flowering plants in the carrot family, native to the Mediterranean region east to central Asia, mostly growing in arid climates.	Ferula	genus
taxon rank	Carex albonigra is a species of sedge known by the common name black and white sedge.	Carex albonigra	species
taxon rank	Dorstenia nummularia is a species of herb in the Moraceae plant family which is native to Cuba..	Dorstenia nummularia	species
taxon rank	Splendrillia coccinata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Drilliidae.	Splendrillia coccinata	species
taxon rank	Auchenionchus variolosus is a species of labrisomid blenny endemic to the Pacific waters off the coast of Chile.	Auchenionchus variolosus	species
taxon rank	Anageshna primordialis, the yellow-spotted webworm, is a species of moth of the Crambidae family.	Anageshna primordialis	species
taxon rank	The Ictaluroidea is a superfamily of catfish.	Ictaluroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Fregetta is a genus of seabird in the Hydrobatidae family.	Fregetta	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus pardus is an extinct species of Sri Lankan shrub frogs, in the Rhacophoridae family.	Pseudophilautus pardus	species
taxon rank	Omiodes blackburni, the coconut leafroller, is a species of moth in the Crambidae family.	Omiodes blackburni	species
taxon rank	Arceuthobium littorum is a species of dwarf mistletoe known as coastal dwarf mistletoe.	Arceuthobium littorum	species
taxon rank	Cattleya warscewiczii (The ``Warscewicz's Cattley's orchid''), a labiate Cattleya, is a species of orchid.	Cattleya warscewiczii	species
taxon rank	Triarthrus is a genus of Upper Ordovician ptychopariid trilobite found in New York, Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana, eastern and northern Canada, China and Scandinavia.	Triarthrus	genus
taxon rank	Adiantum jordanii is a perennial species of maidenhair fern, in the Vittarioideae subfamily of the Pteridaceae.	Adiantum jordanii	species
taxon rank	Nesticus silvestrii is a scaffold web spiders species in the genus Nesticus found in the United States.	Nesticus silvestrii	species
taxon rank	Tapashanitidae is an extinct family of cephalopods belonging to the Ammonite subclass in the order Ceratitida.	Tapashanitidae	family
taxon rank	Polyrhachis hortensis is a species of ant in the subfamily Formicinae, found in Indonesia, and New Guinea.	Polyrhachis hortensis	species
taxon rank	Syrnola bifasciata, common name the two-banded pyramid shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Syrnola bifasciata	species
taxon rank	Harpocera thoracica is a species of bugs from Miridae family.	Harpocera thoracica	species
taxon rank	The Comma (Polygonia c-album) is a species of butterfly belonging to the family Nymphalidae.	Polygonia c-album	species
taxon rank	Sabellastarte spectabilis is a species of benthic marine polychaete worm in the Sabellidae family.	Sabellastarte spectabilis	species
taxon rank	The Tagula butcherbird (Cracticus louisiadensis) is a species of bird in the Artamidae family.	Tagula butcherbird	species
taxon rank	Malephora crocea is a species of flowering plant in the ice plant family known by the common name coppery mesemb.	Malephora crocea	species
taxon rank	Hyptis crenata (Brazilian Mint) is a shrub species of flowering plant in the Lamiaceae family, native to Bolivia and Brazil.	Hyptis crenata	species
taxon rank	Apodemia is a New World genus of metalmark butterflies found from Canada to Brazil.	Apodemia	genus
taxon rank	Echinus gilchristi, common name Gilchrist's sea urchin, is a species of marine invertebrate in the Echinidae family.	Echinus gilchristi	species
taxon rank	Peziza moseri is a species of cup fungus belonging to the family Pezizaceae.	Peziza moseri	species
taxon rank	Guancha loculosa is a species of calcareous sponge from Australia.	Guancha loculosa	species
taxon rank	Baileychromis centropomoides is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika in east Africa.	Baileychromis centropomoides	species
taxon rank	Onchidium typhae is a species of air-breathing sea slug, a shell-less brackish water pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Onchidiidae.	Onchidium typhae	species
taxon rank	Pteronotropis signipinnis or flagfin shiner is a species of ray-finned fish in the family Cyprinidae (minnows), in the order Cypriniformes (carp).	Pteronotropis signipinnis	species
taxon rank	Baerietta is a genus of tapeworms of frogs in Japan.	Baerietta	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium striatum, the knotted clover, is a plant species of the genus Trifolium.	Trifolium striatum	species
taxon rank	Tambja morosa, also known as Tambja kushimotoensis or Gloomy Nudibranch, is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a shell-less marine gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Nembrothinae within the family Polyceridae.	Tambja morosa	species
taxon rank	Ocypode cursor, the tufted ghost crab, is a species of ghost crab found on sandy beaches along the coasts of the eastern Atlantic Ocean and eastern Mediterranean Sea.	Ocypode cursor	species
taxon rank	The Nymphalidae are the largest family of butterflies with about 6,000 species distributed throughout most of the world.	Nymphalidae	family
taxon rank	Hartmann's mountain zebra (Equus zebra hartmannae) is a subspecies of the mountain zebra found in far south-western Angola and western Namibia.	Hartmann's mountain zebra	subspecies
taxon rank	Viburnum acerifolium (mapleleaf viburnum or dockmackie) is a species of Viburnum, native to eastern North America from southwestern Quebec and Ontario south to northern Florida and eastern Texas, and it is adapted for USDA hardiness zones of 4 to 8.	Viburnum acerifolium	species
taxon rank	Deinocheirus (/ˌdaɪnoʊˈkaɪərəs/ DY-no-KY-rəs) is a genus of large ornithomimosaur (ostrich dinosaur) that lived during the Late Cretaceous around 70 million years ago.	Deinocheirus	genus
taxon rank	Sevenia, commonly called tree nymphs, is a genus of forest butterflies in the Nymphalidae family that, as larvae, feed on plants of the Euphorbiaceae family.	Sevenia	genus
taxon rank	Botrychium crenulatum is a species of fern known by the common names scalloped moonwort and dainty moonwort.	Botrychium crenulatum	species
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis congica is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Tanzania, and the Congo River region.	Pyrgomantis congica	species
taxon rank	Kingena is an extinct genus of brachiopod that lived from the Cretaceous to the early Paleocene in Antarctica, Europe, North America, and New Zealand.	Kingena	genus
taxon rank	The Howell's forest shrew (Sylvisorex howelli) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae.	Howell's forest shrew	species
taxon rank	The genus contains a single species Lorentziella imbricata known from central Texas, Mexico, and South America (Argentina, Paraguay, & Uruguay).	Lorentziella	species
taxon rank	Morus australis, (Chinese mulberry), is a flowering plant species in the genus Morus found in South-East Asia.	Morus australis	species
taxon rank	Scimitarbills (also spelt scimitar-bills) are three species of African bird belonging to the genus Rhinopomastus.	Scimitarbill	genus
taxon rank	The genus Polytelis (literally translates into 'magnificent') of the family Psittaculidae consists of three species long-tailed parrot endemic to Australia.	Polytelis	genus
taxon rank	Epacternis pyralis is a species of snout moth in the genus Epacternis.	Epacternis pyralis	species
taxon rank	Acrobrycon is a genus of characin found in tropical South America.	Acrobrycon	genus
taxon rank	Dipsacus pilosus or small teasel is a species of biennial flowering plant in the family Caprifoliaceae.	Dipsacus pilosus	species
taxon rank	The English sole is known in Spanish as platija limón, or lemon sole, a name by which it is also known in English, though the true lemon sole is a separate species, Microstomus kitt.	English sole	species
taxon rank	Dileptus is a genus of unicellular ciliate protists in the class Litostomatea.	Dileptus	genus
taxon rank	Phalaenopsis fuscata is a species of orchid endemic to western and central Malesia.	Phalaenopsis fuscata	species
taxon rank	Okoubaka is a genus of tall forest tree native to west and central tropical Africa.	Okoubaka	genus
taxon rank	Eleotrica cableae, Cable's goby, is a species of goby endemic to reefs around the Galapagos Islands.	Eleotrica cableae	species
taxon rank	Geraniales are a small order of flowering plants, included within the rosid subgroup of eudicots.	Geraniales	order
taxon rank	The Zamboanga bulbul (Hypsipetes rufigularis) is a songbird species in the bulbul family (Pycnonotidae).	Zamboanga bulbul	species
taxon rank	Macbridea caroliniana is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common names Carolina birds-in-a-nest and Carolina bogmint.	Macbridea caroliniana	species
taxon rank	Amsinckia tessellata is a species of fiddleneck known by the common names bristly fiddleneck, tessellate fiddleneck, checker fiddleneck, and devil's lettuce.	Amsinckia tessellata	species
taxon rank	Eoperipatus totoro is a species of velvet worm belonging to the genus Eoperipatus.	Eoperipatus totoro	species
taxon rank	The Caceres robber frog, Oreobates heterodactylus, is a species of frog in the Craugastoridae family.	Oreobates heterodactylus	species
taxon rank	Toxopneustes elegans is a species of sea urchin endemic to Japan.	Toxopneustes elegans	species
taxon rank	Vatica bantamensis, Kokoleceran, is a species of plant in the Dipterocarpaceae family.	Vatica bantamensis	species
taxon rank	Myceliophthora thermophila was originally described as Sporotrichum thermophilum in 1963, but it was later found that the species lacked clamp connections characteristic of the basidiomycetous genus, Sporotrichum.	Myceliophthora thermophila	species
taxon rank	Metynnis lippincottianus, commonly known as the spotted silver dollar, is a species of serrasalmid native to the Brazilian Amazon and multiple rivers of French Guiana.	Metynnis lippincottianus	species
taxon rank	Salvia subincisa, the sawtooth sage or sharptooth sage, is a small erect Salvia species that is native to New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas in the United States.	Salvia subincisa	species
taxon rank	Pristimantis aaptus is a frog species endemic to the Amazon Basin in Peru (Loreto Region) and Colombia (Amazonas Department).	Pristimantis aaptus	species
taxon rank	Phlox dolichantha is a species of phlox known by the common name Big Bear Valley phlox.	Phlox dolichantha	species
taxon rank	Pseudunela is a genus of minute sea slugs, acochlidians, shell-less marine or temporary brackish or brackish gastropod mollusks in the clade Acochlidiacea.	Pseudunela	genus
taxon rank	Tagetes erecta, the Mexican marigold, also called Aztec marigold, is a species of the genus Tagetes native to Mexico and Central America.	Tagetes erecta	species
taxon rank	Chiodecton pustuliferum is a species of lichen in the family Roccellaceae.	Chiodecton pustuliferum	species
taxon rank	Articulina is an extant suborder of Cyclostomatid bryozoan.	Articulina	suborder
taxon rank	Terebra lanceata, common name the lance auger, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae, the auger snails.	Terebra lanceata	species
taxon rank	Pseudopulex is a genus of extinct, flea-like, parasitic insects that once fed on dinosaurs.	Pseudopulex	genus
taxon rank	Cynoglossus canariensis, commonly known as the Canary tonguesole is a species of tonguefish.	Cynoglossus canariensis	species
taxon rank	Daphnia sinevi is a species of water flea from the Russian Far East.	Daphnia sinevi	species
taxon rank	Penicillium discolor is a species of the genus of Penicillium which occurs in nuts, vegetables and cheese and produces chaetoglobosins (chaetoglobosin A - J), palitantin, cyclopenin, cyclopenol, cyclopeptin, dehydrocyclopeptin, viridicatin and viridicatol.	Penicillium discolor	species
taxon rank	Mylochromis plagiotaenia is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is known from the southern arms of the lake.	Mylochromis plagiotaenia	species
taxon rank	Alcelaphus is a genus of antelope.	Alcelaphus	genus
taxon rank	Prosartes trachycarpa, the roughfruit fairybells, rough-fruited fairybells or rough-fruited mandarin, is a North American species of plants in the lily family.	Prosartes trachycarpa	species
taxon rank	Stemmatodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Early Cretaceous epoch.	Stemmatodus	genus
taxon rank	Kateretes is a genus of sap beetle.	Kateretes	genus
taxon rank	Terminalia porphyrocarpa is a species of tree native to dry rainforests of Northeastern Australia and Papua New Guinea.	Terminalia porphyrocarpa	species
taxon rank	The single member (species) of this monotypic genus, Upolampes evena, is found in New Guinea, from West Irian to Papua New Guinea and Karkar Island (Australasian ecozone).	Upolampes	species
taxon rank	Podocarpus parlatorei is a species of tree in the Podocarpaceae family and native to Argentina and Bolivia.	Podocarpus parlatorei	species
taxon rank	Makapania is an extinct genus of large caprid or ovibovine from the Pliocene and Pleistocene of southern and East Africa.	Makapania	genus
taxon rank	Enceliopsis argophylla, commonly known as the silverleaf sunray, is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Enceliopsis argophylla	species
taxon rank	Digitaria insularis is a species of grass commonly known as sourgrass.	Digitaria insularis	species
taxon rank	Amphimallon nigripenne is a species of beetle in the Melolonthinae subfamily that is endemic to Turkey.	Amphimallon nigripenne	species
taxon rank	Mertensia oblongifolia is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names oblongleaf bluebells and sagebrush bluebells.	Mertensia oblongifolia	species
taxon rank	Gibberrhynchium is a monotypical afrotropical genus of potter wasps.	Gibberrhynchium	genus
taxon rank	Climacograptus was a Cambrian genus of graptolite.	Climacograptus	genus
taxon rank	Paraphaula porosa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraphaula.	Paraphaula porosa	species
taxon rank	Somatochlora margarita, the Texas emerald, is a species of dragonfly in the family Corduliidae.	Somatochlora margarita	species
taxon rank	Caesalpinia pulcherrima is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae, that is native to the tropics and subtropics of the Americas.	Caesalpinia pulcherrima	species
taxon rank	Pseudogrammopsis lineata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Pseudogrammopsis.	Pseudogrammopsis lineata	species
taxon rank	Atriplex elegans is a species of saltbush known by the common name wheelscale saltbush, Mecca orach, or wheelscale.	Atriplex elegans	species
taxon rank	Campylotropsis is a plant genus consisting of a number of species of perennials native to Nepal, China, Korea and Taiwan.	Campylotropsis	genus
taxon rank	Salvia longistyla, Mexican sage, is a Mexican plant species which flowers in mid-autumn.	Salvia longistyla	species
taxon rank	Agave lechuguilla (common name in Chihuahua: lechuguilla, meaning ``little lettuce'') is an agave species found only in the Chihuahuan Desert, where it is an indicator species.	Agave lechuguilla	species
taxon rank	Achondrostoma arcasii, termed the bermejuela, is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Achondrostoma arcasii	species
taxon rank	Psammomys is a genus of rodents in the family Muridae.	Psammomys	genus
taxon rank	Dinometa maputuana is a moth species in the family of Lasiocampidae found in Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania.	Dinometa maputuana	species
taxon rank	Argyranthemum (marguerite, marguerite daisy, dill daisy) is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Asteraceae.	Argyranthemum	genus
taxon rank	Chaenopsis coheni, the Cortez pikeblenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around the Isla Angel de la Guarda, in the Gulf of California, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Chaenopsis coheni	species
taxon rank	Alloiococcus otitis is a species of bacteria first isolated from human middle-ear fluid, the type species of its genus.	Alloiococcus otitis	species
taxon rank	Lateolabrax is a genus of commercially important fishes known as the Asian seabasses.	Lateolabrax	genus
taxon rank	Ostracion is a genus of the boxfish family Ostraciidae.	Ostracion	genus
taxon rank	Cyathea metteniana is a species of tree fern native to the Ryukyu Islands, Japan, and Taiwan, where it grows in wet forest, forest margins, and on hillsides.	Cyathea metteniana	species
taxon rank	Python europaeus is an extinct python species.	Python europaeus	species
taxon rank	Tetraodon barbatus is a species of freshwater pufferfish found in the Mekong River.	Tetraodon barbatus	species
taxon rank	Erethistidae are a family of catfishes that originate from southern Asia.	Erethistidae	family
taxon rank	Staphyliniformia is a large infraorder of beetles.	Staphyliniformia	infraorder
taxon rank	Latrodectus karrooensis is a species of spider in the family Theridiidae, found in South Africa.	Latrodectus karrooensis	species
taxon rank	Taygetis thamyra, the Andromeda Satyr, is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Taygetis thamyra	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis cameronensis is a species of upside-down catfish native to Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea and Gabon where they are found in the coastal rivers.	Chiloglanis cameronensis	species
taxon rank	Prognathodes obliquus is a marine fish species of the butterflyfish family (Chaetodontidae).	Prognathodes obliquus	species
taxon rank	The Greenhouse Rove Beetle (Dalotia coriaria) is a species of staphylinid rove beetle in the subfamily Aleocharinae.	Dalotia coriaria	species
taxon rank	The Limnomedusae are an order of jellyfish in the class Hydrozoa.	Limnomedusae	order
taxon rank	Picea retroflexa (Green dragon spruce) is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family that is endemic to China, growing in West Sichuan, Kangding, Jiuzhaigou (Zheduo Shan), Qinghai, and Ban Ma Xian.	Picea retroflexa	species
taxon rank	Trichanthera is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the acanthus family containing the single species Trichanthera gigantea, which is known by many common names, including madre de agua, suiban, cenicero, tuno, naranjillo, and palo de agua.	Trichanthera	genus
taxon rank	Tipula paludosa is a species of true craneflies.	Tipula paludosa	species
taxon rank	Vermilacinia nylanderi is classified in the subgenus Cylindricaria in which it is distinguished from related species by the thallus divided into numerous narrow tubular rugose branches, by the abundant fertile pycnidia, and by lichen substances of zeorin and (-)-16-hydroxykaurane, occasionally with unknowns.	Vermilacinia nylanderi	species
taxon rank	Sphictostethus nitidus, the golden hunter wasp or red spider wasp, is a species of pepsid spider wasp which is endemic to New Zealand.	Sphictostethus nitidus	species
taxon rank	Cantua pyrifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Polemoniaceae in the order Ericales and is an endemic to Peru.	Cantua pyrifolia	species
taxon rank	Phacelia leonis is a rare species of phacelia known by the common name Siskiyou phacelia.	Phacelia leonis	species
taxon rank	Pectocarya heterocarpa is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common names chuckwalla combseed and mixed-nut pectocarya.	Pectocarya heterocarpa	species
taxon rank	The Oxalidales is an order of flowering plants, included within the rosid subgroup of eudicots.	Oxalidales	order
taxon rank	Oeceoclades furcata is a terrestrial orchid species in the genus Oeceoclades that is endemic to northwestern Madagascar, where it grows in sandy soils.	Oeceoclades furcata	species
taxon rank	Epilobium montanum or Broad-leaved Willowherb is a species of willowherb.	Epilobium montanum	species
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Vansomerenia rogersi or Rogers'' Gem, which is found in central Kenya and northern Tanzania.	Vansomerenia	species
taxon rank	Doronicum corsicum is a species of the genus Doronicum and the family sunflower family.	Doronicum corsicum	species
taxon rank	Lactobacillus fructivorans is one of the few species that successfully survives alcoholic fermentation and actually continues to grow and engage in cell multiplication afterwards.	Lactobacillus fructivorans	species
taxon rank	Astragalus hypoxylus is a rare species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Huachuca milkvetch, or Huachuca Mountain milkvetch.	Astragalus hypoxylus	species
taxon rank	Mangifera siamensis (also called Thai Mango, or Siamese Mango) is a species of plant in the Anacardiaceae family.	Mangifera siamensis	species
taxon rank	Phryssonotus is a genus of bristle millipedes containing around nine species.	Phryssonotus	genus
taxon rank	Cistecephaloides is an extinct genus of dicynodont therapsid.	Cistecephaloides	genus
taxon rank	The Carolina madtom (Noturus furiosus) is a species of fish in the Ictaluridae family.	Carolina madtom	species
taxon rank	Salarias is a genus of combtooth blennies found in the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Salarias	genus
taxon rank	Spinaristobia rondoni is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Spinaristobia.	Spinaristobia rondoni	species
taxon rank	Acanthomysis microps is a species of mysid that was discovered during a study of the coastal waters of Maharashtra and South Gujarat that took place during 2008 and 2009.	Acanthomysis microps	species
taxon rank	Orthonevra chilensis is a species of hoverfly first found in Chile.	Orthonevra chilensis	species
taxon rank	Charaxes fournierae fournierae (Cameroon, Gabon, Congo, Central African Republic, western Democratic Republic of Congo) Charaxes fournierae jolybouyeri Vingerhoedt, 1998 (Guinea, Ivory Coast, Ghana) considered a full species by Vingerhoedt et al.	Charaxes fournierae	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum alpinum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Trinity buckwheat.	Eriogonum alpinum	species
taxon rank	Matoatoa brevipes is a species of gecko found along the southwestern coast of Madagascar.	Matoatoa brevipes	species
taxon rank	Leptomesosella uniformis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Leptomesosella.	Leptomesosella uniformis	species
taxon rank	Haliotis pourtalesii, common name Pourtale's abalone, is a rare species of deepwater sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Haliotidae, the abalones.	Haliotis pourtalesii	species
taxon rank	Lethrinus mahsena, common names the sky emperor, mahsena emperor, and cutthroat emperor, is a species of emperor fish.	Lethrinus mahsena	species
taxon rank	Iredaleoconcha caporaphe is a species of air-breathing land snails or semislugs, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicarionidae.	Iredaleoconcha caporaphe	species
taxon rank	Daviesia cordata, also known as Bookleaf, is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae.	Daviesia cordata	species
taxon rank	Golden grey mullet is a pelagic species, usually inshore, entering lagoons, ports and estuaries, but rarely moves into freshwater.	Golden grey mullet	species
taxon rank	Pomaulax gibberosus, common name the red turban, is a species of medium-sized to large sea snail with a calcareous operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Pomaulax gibberosus	species
taxon rank	Stychoides strandiellus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Stychoides.	Stychoides strandiellus	species
taxon rank	Cereus elegans is a cactus species in the genus Cereus.	Cereus elegans	species
taxon rank	Chiromantis simus (common names: Assam Asian frog, Assam tree frog, Annandale's tree frog, Annandale's pigmy tree frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family found in Bangladesh and northeastern India (in Assam, Mizoram, and West Bengal states).	Chiromantis simus	species
taxon rank	Hylopetes is a genus of flying squirrels.	Hylopetes	genus
taxon rank	Embiotoca lateralis, commonly known as the striped surfperch or striped seaperch, is a species of surfperch native to the North Eastern Pacific Ocean.	Embiotoca lateralis	species
taxon rank	Sphagnum russowii, Russow's sphagnum or Russow's bogmoss, is a species of peat moss with a Holarctic distribution.	Sphagnum russowii	species
taxon rank	Heterodera elachista (Japanese cyst nematode, Rice cyst nematode) is a plant pathogenic nematode, which is cited as an invasive species.	Heterodera elachista	species
taxon rank	Clathrina fjordica is a species of calcareous sponge of the genus Clathrina from Chile.	Clathrina fjordica	species
taxon rank	Jurassipanorpa is a genus of fossil scorpionfly (order Mecoptera) containing two species described in 2014 from the Jiulongshan Formation of Inner Mongolia, China.	Jurassipanorpa	genus
taxon rank	Melanoides nyassana is a species of freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Thiaridae.	Melanoides nyassana	species
taxon rank	Tachina alacer is a species of fly in the genus Tachina of the family Tachinidae that is endemic to France.	Tachina alacer	species
taxon rank	Prunus brigantina, called Briançon apricot, marmot plum, and alpine apricot, is a wild tree species native to France and Italy.	Prunus brigantina	species
taxon rank	Iguanura is a monoecious genus of flowering plant in the palm family from Southeast Asia, commonly called pinang.	Iguanura	genus
taxon rank	Colobodactylus (common name: Amaral's teiids) is a small genus of lizards that are endemic to Brazil.	Colobodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Anabarilius transmontanus is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus, that can be found in China and Vietnam.	Anabarilius transmontanus	species
taxon rank	Pelobates syriacus, the eastern spadefoot or Syrian spadefoot, is a species of toad in the family Pelobatidae, native to an area extending from Eastern Europe to Western Asia.	Pelobates syriacus	species
taxon rank	Phyllostegia hispida, the hispid phyllostegia, is an endangered species of flowering plant in the mint family, Lamiaceae.	Phyllostegia hispida	species
taxon rank	Dischistodus prosopotaenia is a species of damselfish known by the common names honey-head damsel and honey-breast damsel.	Dischistodus prosopotaenia	species
taxon rank	Atractaspis boulengeri, or the Central African burrowing asp, is a species of venomous snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Atractaspis boulengeri	species
taxon rank	Neopoeciloderma lepturoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Neopoeciloderma.	Neopoeciloderma	species
taxon rank	Yavnella argamani is a species of ant belonging to the Yavnella ant genus.	Yavnella argamani	species	species
taxon rank	Allium curtum is a Middle Eastern species of onion in the amaryllis family.	Allium curtum	species
taxon rank	Crossoloricaria is a genus of armored catfish native to South America with one species ranging into Central America.	Crossoloricaria	genus
taxon rank	Veitchia subdisticha is a plant species in the palm family.	Veitchia subdisticha	species
taxon rank	Parahiekeia hebridarum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parahiekeia.	Parahiekeia hebridarum	species
taxon rank	Aegista diversifamilia is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk from Taiwan.	Aegista diversifamilia	species
taxon rank	Beauveria bassiana is a fungus that grows naturally in soils throughout the world and acts as a parasite on various arthropod species, causing white muscardine disease; it thus belongs to the entomopathogenic fungi.	Beauveria bassiana	species
taxon rank	Remingtonocetidae is a diverse family of early aquatic mammals of the order Cetacea, endemic to the coastline of the ancient Tethys Ocean during the Eocene (present-day Pakistan and India).	Remingtonocetidae	family
taxon rank	Knightia excelsa, commonly called rewarewa (from Māori), is an evergreen tree endemic to the low elevation and valley forests of New Zealand's North Island and Marlborough Sounds (41° S) and the type species for the genus Knightia.	Knightia excelsa	species
taxon rank	Tabellaria is a genus of diatoms (Bacillariophyceae).	Tabellaria	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus tuyehensis is a plant species native to Iran.	Astragalus tuyehensis	species
taxon rank	Ledebouria revoluta, the South Indian squill, is a flowering plant species in the genus Ledebouria found in Southern Africa and India.	Ledebouria revoluta	species
taxon rank	Prognatholiparis ptychomandibularis, the Wrinkle-jaw snailfish, is a species of snailfish native to the northeastern Pacific Ocean from near Seguam Island in the Aleutian Islands.	Prognatholiparis ptychomandibularis	species
taxon rank	Daphnia commutata is a species of water flea.	Daphnia commutata	species
taxon rank	Echinolittorina ziczac, previously known as Littorina ziczac, common name the ``zebra periwinkle'', is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Littorinidae.	Echinolittorina ziczac	species
taxon rank	Ambassis jacksoniensis, commonly known as the Port Jackson glassfish or Port Jackson perchlet, is a species of fish in the family Ambassidae native to eastern Australia.	Ambassis jacksoniensis	species
taxon rank	Fernseea bocainensis is a species in the genus Fernseea.	Fernseea bocainensis	species
taxon rank	Chlorella is a genus of single-cell green algae belonging to the phylum Chlorophyta.	Chlorella	genus
taxon rank	Kerremansella rufitarsis is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae, the only species in the genus Kerremansella.	Kerremansella	genus
taxon rank	Quadrasiella clathrata is a species of minute, salt marsh snails with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusks, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.	Quadrasiella clathrata	species
taxon rank	Eudesmia is a genus of lichen moths in the Erebidae family.	Eudesmia	genus
taxon rank	Auplopus is a large genus of spider wasps belonging to the subfamily Pepsinae of the spider wasp family Pompilidae, distributed throughout the world except for Antarctica.	Auplopus	genus
taxon rank	Sphallenopsis pilosovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Sphallenopsis.	Sphallenopsis	species
taxon rank	Lotus salsuginosus is a species of legume known by the common name coastal bird's-foot trefoil.	Lotus salsuginosus	species
taxon rank	Trachyscorpia is a genus of rockfishes found in the Atlantic, Indian and Pacific oceans.	Trachyscorpia	genus
taxon rank	Melaleuca pallescens was first formally described in 1984 by Norman Byrnes in Austrobaileya as a new species.	Melaleuca pallescens	species
taxon rank	Agriphila geniculea, also known as Elbow-striped Grass-veneer, is a species of moth of the family Crambidae.	Agriphila geniculea	species
taxon rank	Euzophera magnolialis, the magnolia root borer, is a species of snout moth in the genus Euzophera.	Euzophera magnolialis	species
taxon rank	Semomesia is a genus of metalmark butterflies.	Semomesia	genus
taxon rank	Polytmus is a small genus of hummingbird in the Trochilidae family.	Polytmus	genus
taxon rank	Haworthia is a large genus of small succulent plants endemic to Southern Africa (Mozambique, Namibia, Lesotho, Swaziland, South Africa).	Haworthia	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophilautus alto (common name: Horton Plains shrub frog) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family.	Pseudophilautus alto	species
taxon rank	Talitrus is a genus of amphipod crustaceans, including the familiar European sandhopper Talitrus saltator.	Talitrus	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Pyramidula tetragona distributed in central North America as well as Europe and Africa.	Pyramidula	species
taxon rank	Paraschoenionta shelfordi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraschoenionta.	Paraschoenionta shelfordi	species
taxon rank	Mallosia imperatrix is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family, that can be found in Iran, Lebanon, Syria, and Turkey.	Mallosia imperatrix	species
taxon rank	Stathmonotus culebrai, the Panamanian worm blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in rocky reefs around Costa Rica and Panama, in the eastern central Pacific ocean.	Stathmonotus culebrai	species
taxon rank	Aeruginospora furfuracea is a species of fungus in the family Hygrophoraceae.	Aeruginospora furfuracea	species
taxon rank	Senecio triangularis, known as arrowleaf ragwort, arrowleaf groundsel and arrowleaf butterweed, is a species of the genus Senecio and family Asteraceae.	Senecio triangularis	species
taxon rank	Rubus glaucus, commonly known as Mora de Castilla or Andean Raspberry, is a species of blackberry found in Latin America from Oaxaca to Bolivia, including the northern and central Andes.	Rubus glaucus	species
taxon rank	Juliformia is a taxonomic superorder of millipedes containing three living orders:	Juliformia	superorder
taxon rank	Lloviu virus (abbreviated LLOV) was first mentioned in 2010 as a single member of a suggested species ``Lloviu cuevavirus'', which was suggested to be included into the suggested genus ``Cuevavirus'', family Filoviridae, order Mononegavirales.	Lloviu virus	species
taxon rank	Cattleya lobata, commonly known as the Lobed Sophronitis, is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Minas Gerais).	Cattleya lobata	species
taxon rank	Melica glabrescens is a species of grass in the Poaceae family that can be found in Buenos Aires and Río Negro provinces of Argentina.	Melica glabrescens	species
taxon rank	Euconocephalus remotus is a species of insect in the family Tettigoniidae.	Euconocephalus remotus	species
taxon rank	Sinocorophium hangangense is a species of gammaridean amphipod found mainly in Korea.	Sinocorophium hangangense	species
taxon rank	Pseudognaphalium canescens (syn. Gnaphalium canescens) is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Wright's cudweed.	Pseudognaphalium canescens	species
taxon rank	Hyastenus bispinosus is a species of crab in the family Epialtidae, found around Ambon, the Banda Islands, Timor and the Lembeh Strait off Sulawesi.	Hyastenus bispinosus	species
taxon rank	Pogonoscorpius sechellensis is a species of scorpionfish native to the Indian Ocean from the vicinity of the Seychelles where it has been found at depths down to 68 metres (223 ft).	Pogonoscorpius sechellensis	species
taxon rank	Desmocerataceae is a superfamily of Cretaceous ammonites, generally with round or oval-whorled shells that are mostly smooth or weakly ribbed and rarely tuberculate, but commonly with constrictions.	Desmocerataceae	superfamily
taxon rank	Eragrostis superba is a species of perennial tufted grass in the Poaceae family.	Eragrostis superba	species
taxon rank	Prosartes hookeri is a North American species of flowering plants in the lily family known by the common names drops of gold and Hooker's fairy bells.	Prosartes hookeri	species
taxon rank	The Onagraceae are a family, known as the willowherb family or evening primrose family, of flowering plants.	Onagraceae	family
taxon rank	Hyposmocoma humerovittella is a species of moth of the family Cosmopterigidae.	Hyposmocoma humerovittella	species
taxon rank	Pycnoporidium is thought to be a genus of red or green alga; one species has been synonymized with the brachiopod Gosaukammerella, leaving the interpretation of the other species uncertain.	Pycnoporidium	genus
taxon rank	Heterogyrus milloti is a species of beetle in the family Gyrinidae, the only species in the genus Heterogyrus.	Heterogyrus	genus
taxon rank	Stenomesson is a genus of bulbous plants in the family Amaryllidaceae.	Stenomesson	genus
taxon rank	Metschnikowia is a genus of yeast in the family Metschnikowiaceae.	Metschnikowia	genus
taxon rank	Casearia tinifolia was a species of plant in the Salicaceae family.	Casearia tinifolia	species
taxon rank	Alathyria profuga is a species of freshwater river mussel, a bivalve mollusk in the family Hyriidae.	Alathyria profuga	species
taxon rank	Cardiovirus is a genus of viruses in the order Picornavirales, in the family Picornaviridae.	Cardiovirus	genus
taxon rank	Etlingera elatior (also known as torch ginger, ginger flower, red ginger lily, torch lily, wild ginger, combrang, bunga kantan, Philippine wax flower, xiang bao jiaing, Indonesian tall ginger, boca de dragón, rose de porcelaine, and porcelain rose) is a species of herbaceous perennial plant.	Etlingera elatior	species
taxon rank	Capulus ungaricus, common name the bonnet shell, is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Capulidae, the cap snails.	Capulus ungaricus	species
taxon rank	Devario ostreographus is a species of danio endemic to India.	Devario ostreographus	species
taxon rank	Facelina bostoniensis is a species of sea slug, an aeolid nudibranch in the family Facelinidae.	Facelina bostoniensis	species
taxon rank	Xylopertha is a genus of beetle found in Europe, the Near East and North Africa.	Xylopertha	genus
taxon rank	Petroscirtes variabilis, the Variable sabretooth blenny, Variable fangblenny, or the Variable blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in the western Pacific and Indian ocean.	Petroscirtes variabilis	species
taxon rank	Kashmirosaurus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian known from Permo-Carboniferous deposits in the region of Kashmir.	Kashmirosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Parascorpaena mossambica, the Mozambique scorpionfish, is a species of Scorpionfish native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean to Micronesia.	Parascorpaena mossambica	species
taxon rank	Ribes bracteosum, the stink currant, is a species of currant native to western coastal North America from southeastern Alaska to Mendocino County in California.	Ribes bracteosum	species
taxon rank	Eragrostis variabilis is a species of grass known by the common names variable lovegrass, kawelu, emoloa, and kalamalo.	Eragrostis variabilis	species
taxon rank	Damochlora spina is a species of air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks.	Damochlora spina	species
taxon rank	Hemicaranx is a genus of jacks found in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.	Hemicaranx	genus
taxon rank	Myosotis ramosissima or Early Forget-me-not is a plant species of the genus Myosotis.	Myosotis ramosissima	species
taxon rank	Oxylopsebus brachypterus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Oxylopsebus.	Oxylopsebus brachypterus	species
taxon rank	Murchisonella aqabaensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Murchisonellidae.	Murchisonella aqabaensis	species
taxon rank	Allium filidens is a species of onions found at high elevations of central and south-central Asia.	Allium filidens	species
taxon rank	Calyptosuchus (meaning ``covered crocodile'') is an extinct genus of crurotarsan from the Late Triassic of North America.	Calyptosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Pseudoxya diminuta is an Asian species of grasshopper.	Pseudoxya diminuta	species
taxon rank	Parmenops longicornis is an extinct species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parmenops.	Parmenops longicornis	species
taxon rank	Crosseola is a genus of minute sea snail or micromollusc, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Crosseolidae.	Crosseola	genus
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis pellucida is a species of praying mantis native to Australia, Java, and Singapore.	Amorphoscelis pellucida	species
taxon rank	Piptatherum is a genus of plants in the grass family known as ricegrass.	Piptatherum	genus
taxon rank	Information on this species is based on three specimens of Rhinopias aphanes that were collected from Australian waters and compared to a previously recorded Holotype.	Rhinopias aphanes	species
taxon rank	Paraprotomyzon is a genus of gastromyzontid loaches endemic to China.	Paraprotomyzon	genus
taxon rank	Nesogordonia papaverifera (Kotibe) is a species of flowering plant.	Nesogordonia papaverifera	species
taxon rank	Streptocephalus is a genus of fairy shrimp found in temporary waters in Africa, Australia, Eurasia, and Central and North America, following its ancient origin in Gondwana.	Streptocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Suillellus mendax is a species of bolete fungus found in Europe.	Suillellus mendax	species
taxon rank	Brosimum is a genus of plants in the mulberry family, Moraceae, native to tropical regions of the Americas.	Brosimum	genus
taxon rank	It contains only one species, Houlberthosia ornatissima, which is found in Vietnam and Taiwan.	Houlberthosia	species
taxon rank	Lehmannia macroflagellata is species of air-breathing land slug, a shell-less terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Limacidae.	Lehmannia macroflagellata	species
taxon rank	Odynerus is a primarily Holarctic genus of potter wasps.	Odynerus	genus
taxon rank	Aenigmabonus kurilokamtschaticus is a species of very small, deep water sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Bathyphytophilidae, the false limpets.	Aenigmabonus kurilokamtschaticus	species
taxon rank	Galbalcyrhynchus is a genus of birds in the Galbulidae family.	Galbalcyrhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Centrodoras is a small genus of thorny catfishes found in the Amazon basin of South America.	Centrodoras	genus
taxon rank	Adenophorea or Aphasmidia was a class of nematodes (roundworms).	Adenophorea	class
taxon rank	Sahaliyania (from ``black'' in Manchu, a reference to the Amur/Heilongjiang River) is a genus of lambeosaurine hadrosaurid dinosaur (crested duckbilled dinosaur) from the Late Cretaceous of Heilongjiang, China.	Sahaliyania	genus
taxon rank	Euglandina vanuxemensis, is a species of predatory air-breathing land snail, a carnivorous terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Spiraxidae.	Euglandina vanuxemensis	species
taxon rank	Dipsocoromorpha is an infraorder of insects in the order of Hemiptera (true bugs).	Dipsocoromorpha	infraorder
taxon rank	Leucocoprinus brebissonii is a species of fungus in the Agaricaceae family.	Leucocoprinus brebissonii	species
taxon rank	The species is named in honor of Ms. Jane Waldron, great-grandmother of Jessie Hill of Philadelphia and Hawaii, in recognition of Jessie Hill's contribution to saving and inventorying the conserved ACG rain forest in which Dunama janewaldronae breeds.	Dunama janewaldronae	species
taxon rank	Iltisia is a genus of Central American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Iltisia	genus
taxon rank	Poecilotheria regalis is a species of arboreal tarantulas from the Western and Eastern Ghats, India.	Poecilotheria regalis	species
taxon rank	Encheloclarias is a genus of airbreathing catfishes endemic to Southeast Asia.	Encheloclarias	genus
taxon rank	Phylloporus gajari is a species of the fungal family Boletaceae.	Phylloporus gajari	species
taxon rank	The Sculptured seamoth (Pegasus lancifer) is a species of fish in the Pegasidae family.	Pegasus lancifer	species
taxon rank	Polygonum oxyspermum is a coastal species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family.	Polygonum oxyspermum	species
taxon rank	Gymnocerus scabripennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Gymnocerus.	Gymnocerus scabripennis	species
taxon rank	Matisia is a genus of flowering plants in the Malvaceae sensu lato or Bombacaceae.	Matisia	genus
taxon rank	Lerista is a diverse (~ 90 species) genus of skinks endemic to Australia, commonly known as sliders.	Lerista	genus
taxon rank	Gyalideopsis chicaque is a species of lichen in the family Gomphillaceae.	Gyalideopsis chicaque	species
taxon rank	Liabeae is a tribe in the plant family Asteraceae.	Liabeae	tribe
taxon rank	The Apennine yellow-bellied toad (Bombina pachypus) is a species of toad in the Bombinatoridae family endemic to Italy.	Apennine yellow-bellied toad	species
taxon rank	Lymantria brunneiplaga is a species of moth of the Lymantriidae family.	Lymantria brunneiplaga	species
taxon rank	Quassia sanguinea is a species of plant in the Simaroubaceae family.	Quassia sanguinea	species
taxon rank	Johngarthia lagostoma is a species of terrestrial crab that lives on Ascension Island and three other islands in the South Atlantic.	Johngarthia lagostoma	species
taxon rank	Pseudospatha tanganyicensis a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Pseudospatha tanganyicensis	species
taxon rank	Caridina nilotica is a species of freshwater shrimp in the Atyidae family.	Caridina nilotica	species
taxon rank	The family Huperziaceae is one of two families sometimes recognized in the order Lycopodiales, and contains two or three extant genera:	Huperziaceae	family
taxon rank	Woodnymphs are hummingbirds in the genus Thalurania.	Woodnymph	genus
taxon rank	Acytolepis is a genus of small butterflies that belongs to the Lycaenids or Blues family.	Acytolepis	genus
taxon rank	Paeonia mairei is a species of peony rare in cultivation.	Paeonia mairei	species
taxon rank	Novopsocus magnus is a species of Pseudocaeciliidae that lives on the island of New Guinea.	Novopsocus magnus	species
taxon rank	Hyalinobatrachium is a genus of glass frogs characterized by having a bulbous liver covered by white pigment, a transparent parietal peritoneum, extensive membrane between the outer fingers, and lacking a humeral spine in adult males.	Hyalinobatrachium	genus
taxon rank	Micrelaps boettgeri, commonly known as Boettger's two-headed snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the Atractaspididae family.	Micrelaps boettgeri	species
taxon rank	Rhytisma fulvum, the sulphur leather coral, is a species of colonial soft coral in the family Alcyoniidae.	Rhytisma fulvum	species
taxon rank	Pospiviroid is a genus of viroid which most commonly infects tubers.	Pospiviroid	genus
taxon rank	Cedarpelta is an extinct genus of herbivorous basal ankylosaurid ankylosaur, based on material recovered from the Lower Cretaceous of North America.	Cedarpelta	genus
taxon rank	Haplochromis aeneocolor is a species of cichlid endemic to Uganda where it is found in Lake George and the Kazinga Channel.	Haplochromis aeneocolor	species
taxon rank	Gonium is a genus of colonial algae, a member of the order Volvocales.	Gonium	genus
taxon rank	Phlegra fasciata is a species of jumping spiders that can be found in Palearctic region.	Phlegra fasciata	species
taxon rank	Lebrunia coralligens, the hidden anemone, is a species of sea anemone in the family Aliciidae.	Lebrunia coralligens	species
taxon rank	Xenotilapia burtoni is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is only known from areas with sandy substrates in Burton Bay.	Xenotilapia burtoni	species
taxon rank	Pascua caudilinea, the Pascua goby, is a species of goby endemic to the waters around Easter Island.	Pascua caudilinea	species
taxon rank	Gleichenia alpina, commonly known as Alpine Coral-fern, is a small fern species that occurs in Tasmania and New Zealand.	Gleichenia alpina	species
taxon rank	Rhinodoras gallagheri is a species of thorny catfish known from Apure River, Capanaparo River, and Arauca River, all left bank tributaries of the middle Orinoco, in the llanos regions of Apure and Barinas States of Venezuela.	Rhinodoras gallagheri	species
taxon rank	Bathyclarias worthingtoni is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Lake Malawi, in the countries of Malawi, Mozambique and Tanzania.	Bathyclarias worthingtoni	species
taxon rank	Murunducaris juneae is a species of crustacean in the family Parastenocarididae.	Murunducaris juneae	species
taxon rank	The black spotted bleak (Alburnus caeruleus) is a species of ray-finned fish in the carp family, Cyprinidae.	Alburnus caeruleus	species
taxon rank	Olivella nivea, the snowy dwarf olive, is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae, the dwarf olives.	Olivella nivea	species
taxon rank	Psilocybe aquamarina is a species of mushroom in the family Hymenogastraceae.	Psilocybe aquamarina	species
taxon rank	Phalloceros is a genus of poeciliids native to freshwater habitats in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay and northern Argentina.	Phalloceros	genus
taxon rank	Ischnochiton circumvallatus is a species of chiton in the family Ischnochitonidae.	Ischnochiton circumvallatus	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum frutex is a high-altitude species of reed-stemmed Epidendrum orchid native to Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Venezuela.	Epidendrum frutex	species
taxon rank	Anobium is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae.	Anobium	genus
taxon rank	Ametacyna holzschuhi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Ametacyna.	Ametacyna holzschuhi	species
taxon rank	Capensibufo is a small genus of true toads with only two species.	Capensibufo	genus
taxon rank	Suillus granulatus was first described by Carolus Linnaeus in 1753 as a species of Boletus.	Suillus granulatus	species
taxon rank	Lanthanosuchoidea is an extinct superfamily of ankyramorph parareptiles from the late Cisuralian to the middle Guadalupian epochs (Artinskian - Wordian stages) of Europe, North America and Asia.	Lanthanosuchoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Deconica neorhombispora is a species of agaric fungus in the family Strophariaceae.	Deconica neorhombispora	species
taxon rank	Solaster spectabilis is an extant species of starfish described in 2011, and indigenous to the waters surrounding the Aleutian Islands in the North Pacific Ocean.	Solaster spectabilis	species
taxon rank	Actinopyga is a genus of sea cucumbers found in coastal waters in tropical and temperate regions.	Actinopyga	genus
taxon rank	Abbottina liaoningensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Abbottina found in the Liaoning Province of China.	Abbottina liaoningensis	species
taxon rank	Plasmaviridae is a family of bacteria-infecting viruses.	Plasmaviridae	family
taxon rank	Antennaria arcuata (box pussytoes) is a North American species of plants in the sunflower family.	Antennaria arcuata	species
taxon rank	Tephrocactus (from Greek tephra, ``ash'', referring to the color of these plants' epidermis) is a genus of the cactus family (Cactaceae).	Tephrocactus	genus
taxon rank	Ischnura erratica, the swift forktail, is a species of damselfly in the family Coenagrionidae.	Ischnura erratica	species
taxon rank	Plagiopsetta is a genus of crested flounders native to the western Pacific Ocean.	Plagiopsetta	genus
taxon rank	Smidtia conspersa is a species of tachinid fly.	Smidtia conspersa	species
taxon rank	Sisyrinchium septentrionale, the northern blue-eyed grass, is a plant species native to western Canada (British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, and Northwest Territories).	Sisyrinchium septentrionale	species
taxon rank	Cupressus guadalupensis, the Guadalupe cypress, is a species of cypress from Guadalupe Island in the Pacific Ocean off western North America.	Cupressus guadalupensis	species
taxon rank	Serixiophytoecia vitticollis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Serixiophytoecia.	Serixiophytoecia vitticollis	species
taxon rank	Uncinia uncinata (also known as Hawai'i birdcatching sedge', hook sedge, bastard grass, kamu or matau-a-maui) is a species of plant in the Cyperaceae family.	Uncinia uncinata	species
taxon rank	Bombus polaris is a common Arctic bumblebee species.	Bombus polaris	species
taxon rank	Xeromphalina setulipes is a species of fungus of the family Mycenaceae.	Xeromphalina setulipes	species
taxon rank	Xanthosoma brasiliense is a species of flowering plant in the Araceae.	Xanthosoma brasiliense	species
taxon rank	The Djibouti francolin (Pternistis ochropectus) is one of over forty species of francolins, a group of birds in the Phasianidae family.	Djibouti francolin	species
taxon rank	Aeger tipularius is a species of fossil prawn from the Solnhofen Plattenkalk.	Aeger tipularius	species
taxon rank	Beggiatoa is a genus of bacteria in the order Thiotrichales.	Beggiatoa	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchocypris percnurus, known alternatively as the lake minnow or the swamp minnow, is a Eurasian species of small freshwater cyprinid fish.	Rhynchocypris percnurus	species
taxon rank	Pethia khugae is a species of cyprinid fish native to India where it is found in the Chindwin River basin, occurring in clear, relatively fast-flowing streams.	Pethia khugae	species
taxon rank	Anochetus longifossatus, is a species of ant of the subfamily Ponerinae, which can be found from Sri Lanka.	Anochetus longifossatus	species
taxon rank	Siats is an extinct genus of large megaraptoran theropod dinosaur known from the Late Cretaceous Cedar Mountain Formation of Utah, US.	Siats	genus
taxon rank	Circaeasteraceae is a family of two species of herbaceous plants native to China and the Himalayas.	Circaeasteraceae	family
taxon rank	Samydaceae is a family of tropical and subtropical woody plants, its best known genus being Casearia.	Samydaceae	family
taxon rank	Chthonophis (meaning ``snake beneath the earth'', from the Greek chthonios (``beneath the earth'') and ophis (``snake'')) is an extinct genus of amphisbaenian lizard with only one known species, Chthonophis subterraneus, from the earliest Paleocene of northeastern Montana.	Chthonophis	genus
taxon rank	Octopus sasakii is a species of octopus found only in salt water.	Octopus sasakii	species
taxon rank	The spider genus Pholcus contains the cellar spider P. phalangioides, often called the ``daddy longlegs''.	Pholcus	genus
taxon rank	Fissurella microtrema, common name the rugose slit limpet, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae, the keyhole limpets and slit limpets.	Fissurella microtrema	species
taxon rank	Cucumis myriocarpus (paddy melon) is often confused with Citrullus lanatus (the Afghan or camel melon) in Australia, where both species are introduced.	Cucumis myriocarpus	species
taxon rank	Tipuloidea is a superfamily of flies containing the living families Pediciidae and Tipulidae and the extinct families Architipulidae and Eolimnobiidae.	Tipuloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Argenteohyla siemersi (common name: red-spotted Argentina frog) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Argenteohyla siemersi	species
taxon rank	Phaius tancarvilleae is a species of orchid widespread in the Indian Subcontinent, New Guinea, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Australia and certain islands of the Pacific.	Phaius tancarvilleae	species
taxon rank	Athyris is a brachiopod genus with a subequally biconvex shell that is generally wider than long and a range that extends from the Silurian into the Triassic.	Athyris	genus
taxon rank	Pagurus sinuatus is a large species of hermit crab found in Australia and the Kermadec Islands.	Pagurus sinuatus	species
taxon rank	Lilium parvum is a species of lily known by the common names Sierra tiger lily and alpine lily.	Lilium parvum	species
taxon rank	Ajania is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family, described as a genus in 1955.	Ajania	genus
taxon rank	Myxodagnus opercularis, the Dart stargazer, is a species of sand stargazer native to the coastal waters of Baja California Sur, Mexico where it can be found on sandy bottoms.	Myxodagnus opercularis	species
taxon rank	The Pallid spiny softshell turtle (Apalone spinifera pallida) is a subspecies of softshell turtle native to the United States, in the states of Oklahoma, Louisiana and Texas.	Pallid spiny softshell turtle	subspecies
taxon rank	Pyrgomantis fasciata is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Tanzania, Mozambique, Transvaal and the Congo River region.	Pyrgomantis fasciata	species
taxon rank	Ternstroemia luquillensis, the palo colorado, is a species of plant in the Pentaphylacaceae family.	Ternstroemia luquillensis	species
taxon rank	Syncope bassleri (common name: Bassler's humming frog) is a species of frog in the Microhylidae family.	Syncope bassleri	species
taxon rank	Euprenolepis procera is a species of ant found in the rainforests of South East Asia.	Euprenolepis procera	species
taxon rank	Telmatobius atahualpai (common name: Amazonas water frog) is a species of frog in the Telmatobiidae family.	Telmatobius atahualpai	species
taxon rank	Tapinella panuoides is a fungus species in the genus Tapinella.	Tapinella panuoides	species
taxon rank	Smilax illinoensis , the Illinois greenbrier, is a North American species of plants found only in the United States and Canada.	Smilax illinoensis	species
taxon rank	Sobralia macrantha, commonly known as the large-flowered sobralia, is a species of orchid found from north-central and southern Mexico to Central America.	Sobralia macrantha	species
taxon rank	Nigella is a genus of about 14 species of annual plants in the family Ranunculaceae, native to southern Europe, north Africa, south and southwest Asia.	Nigella	genus
taxon rank	Pelophila is a genus of beetles in the ground beetle family, containing the following species:	Pelophila	genus
taxon rank	Litopenaeus is a genus of prawns, formerly included in the genus Penaeus.	Litopenaeus	genus
taxon rank	Cladonia macrophyllodes, commonly known as the large-leaved cladonia, is a species of lichen in the genus Cladonia.	Cladonia macrophyllodes	species
taxon rank	Vancleavea is a genus of extinct, armoured, non-archosaurian archosauriform with relatively small limbs from the Late Triassic of western North America.	Vancleavea	genus
taxon rank	Nemateleotris magnifica, the Fire Goby, Fire Fish, Fire Dartfish, or Red Fire Goby is a species of dartfish native to the Indian and Pacific oceans from the eastern coast of Africa to the Hawaiian Islands and from the Austral Islands north to the Ryukyu Islands.	Nemateleotris magnifica	species
taxon rank	Dactylanthus antarcticus is a species of sea anemones in the order Actiniaria.	Dactylanthus antarcticus	species
taxon rank	The only species it contains is Lapidaria margaretae, also known as the Karoo rose.	Lapidaria margaretae	species
taxon rank	Cycas changjiangensis is a plant species in the cycad order, Cycadales.	Cycas changjiangensis	species
taxon rank	Zamia acuminata is a species of plant in the Zamiaceae family which is threatened by habitat loss.	Zamia acuminata	species
taxon rank	Lespedeza cuneata is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common names Chinese bushclover and sericea lespedeza, or just sericea.	Lespedeza cuneata	species
taxon rank	Erythronium pluriflorum is a rare species of flowering plant in the lily family which is known by the common names manyflower fawn lily, golden fawn-lily, and Shuteye Peak fawn lily.	Erythronium pluriflorum	species
taxon rank	Callionymus semeiophor is a species of dragonet native to the Pacific Ocean around Indonesia.	Callionymus semeiophor	species
taxon rank	Qianlabeo striatus is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to the Pearl River drainage, Guizhou, China.	Qianlabeo striatus	species
taxon rank	Tessarecphora arachnoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Tessarecphora.	Tessarecphora arachnoides	species
taxon rank	Anomaloglossus stepheni (common name: Stephen's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Anomaloglossus stepheni	species
taxon rank	Zodarion pusio is a spider species found in Bosnia-Hercegovina, Croatia, France, Italy and Tunisia.	Zodarion pusio	species
taxon rank	Eucalyptus spathulata, commonly known as Swamp Mallet, is a species of Eucalyptus which is endemic to Western Australia.	Eucalyptus spathulata	species
taxon rank	Siphonariidae is a taxonomic family of small to medium-sized air-breathing sea snails, marine and brackish water pulmonate gastropod molluscs.	Siphonariidae	family
taxon rank	Dorcaschesis sericata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Dorcaschesis.	Dorcaschesis sericata	species
taxon rank	Pseudohemiodon amazonus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the lower Amazon basin.	Pseudohemiodon amazonus	species
taxon rank	Mimohyllisia tonkinensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Mimohyllisia.	Mimohyllisia tonkinensis	species
taxon rank	Patiriella gunnii is an Australian species of sea star.It has six arms and can be any colour.	Patiriella gunnii	species
taxon rank	Wapuskanectes is an extinct genus of elasmosaurid known from the Alberta of Canada.	Wapuskanectes	genus
taxon rank	Philanthus gibbosus, which is commonly referred to as a beewolf due to its predation practices, is a species of bee-hunting wasp and is the most common and widespread member of the genus in North America.	Philanthus gibbosus	species
taxon rank	Otothyris travassosi is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it occurs in the coastal streams of the southeast.	Otothyris travassosi	species
taxon rank	Carangidae is a family of fish which includes the jacks, pompanos, jack mackerels, runners, and scads.	Carangidae	family
taxon rank	Hemiphractus fasciatus, or the banded horned treefrog, is a species of frog in the Hemiphractidae family.	Hemiphractus fasciatus	species
taxon rank	Arabis macdonaldiana is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name MacDonald's rockcress.	Arabis macdonaldiana	species
taxon rank	Boromys is an extinct genus of Cuban rodents in the family Echimyidae.	Boromys	genus
taxon rank	Hypocassida subferruginea is a species of leaf beetle belonging to the family Chrysomelidae.	Hypocassida subferruginea	species
taxon rank	Xanthosia rotundifolia is a species of the plant family Mackinlayaceae, but sometimes also placed in Araliaceae or Apiaceae.	Xanthosia rotundifolia	species
taxon rank	Didymoceras navarroensis is an extinct heteromorph ammonite species from the upper Campanian to lower Maastrichtian (83.5 to 66 million years ago).	Didymoceras navarroensis	species
taxon rank	Xyris serotina, the acidswamp yelloweyed grass, is a North American species of flowering plants in the yellow-eyed-grass family.	Xyris serotina	species
taxon rank	Phylladiorhynchus is a genus of squat lobsters in the family Galatheidae, containing the following species:	Phylladiorhynchus	genus
taxon rank	Pennantia baylisiana is a species of plant in the Pennantiaceae family (Icacinaceae in older classifications).	Pennantia baylisiana	species
taxon rank	Caulanthus crassicaulis is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name thickstem wild cabbage.	Caulanthus crassicaulis	species
taxon rank	Solidago leiocarpa, common name Cutler's alpine goldenrod, or (in Québec) verge d’or de Cutler, is a plant species native to mountainous portions of Québec, northern New England, and northern New York State.	Solidago leiocarpa	species
taxon rank	Proceratiinae is a subfamily of ants in the poneromorph subfamilies group, with three extant genera, of which most are tropical or subtropical, although overall distribution is worldwide.	Proceratiinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Turbonilla nereia is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod micromollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Turbonilla nereia	species
taxon rank	No fossils can be confidently assigned to the Chirostyloidea, although Pristinaspina may belong either in the family Kiwaidae or Chirostylidae.	Chirostyloidea	family
taxon rank	Tetrapathaea tetrandra is a plant species endemic to New Zealand, the only species of the genus Terapathaea currently recognized.	Tetrapathaea	genus
taxon rank	Chionachne is a genus of Asian, Australian, and Papuasian plants in the grass family.	Chionachne	genus
taxon rank	Bebearia is a genus of brush-footed butterflies.	Bebearia	genus
taxon rank	Lupinus microcarpus, the wide-bannered lupine or chick lupine, is a species of lupine native to western North America from southwestern British Columbia south through Oregon and California, including the Mojave Desert, and into Baja California.	Lupinus microcarpus	species
taxon rank	Trochosa robusta is a cellar spider species with Palearctic distribution.	Trochosa robusta	species
taxon rank	Solanum lasiocarpum is of interest to botanists because of its strong resemblance to, and apparent close relation to South American species, the cocona (S. sessiliflorum), the naranjilla (S. quitoense), and the pseudolulo (S. pseudolulo) in particular.	Solanum lasiocarpum	species
taxon rank	Guayuriba dilaticeps is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Guayuriba.	Guayuriba dilaticeps	species
taxon rank	Orthopichonia is a genus of plants in the Apocynaceae family, first described as a genus in 1953.	Orthopichonia	genus
taxon rank	Farlowella taphorni is a species of armored catfish endemic to Venezuela where it is found in the Torondoy River basin in the Lake Maracaibo drainage.	Farlowella taphorni	species
taxon rank	Loeseliastrum schottii is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name Schott's calico.	Loeseliastrum schottii	species
taxon rank	Helops rossii is a species of darkling beetles belonging to the family Tenebrionidae subfamily Tenebrioninae.	Helops rossii	species
taxon rank	Opilia is a genus of approximately 33 species of lianas in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus in 1802.	Opilia	genus
taxon rank	The Atheriniformes, also known as the silversides, are an order of ray-finned fishes that includes the Old World silversides and several less-familiar families, including the unusual Phallostethidae.	Atheriniformes	order
taxon rank	Willughbeia is a genus of plant in the family Apocynaceae,first described as a genus in 1820.	Willughbeia	genus
taxon rank	Hemitaurichthys is a genus of butterflyfishes native to the Indian and Pacific oceans.	Hemitaurichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Trigoides genus is known from fossils from the Chengjiang Lagerstätte.	Trigoides	genus
taxon rank	Batasio tigrinus is a species of catfish (order Siluriformes) of the genus Batasio in the family Bagridae, known from Thailand.	Batasio tigrinus	species
taxon rank	Orthetrum sabina, the Slender Skimmer or Green Marsh Hawk, is a species of dragonfly in the family Libellulidae.	Orthetrum sabina	species
taxon rank	Laomenes cornutus is a species of saltwater shrimp found in the Maldives that was first described in 1915.	Laomenes cornutus	species
taxon rank	Lactococcus is a genus of lactic acid bacteria that were formerly included in the genus Streptococcus Group N1.	Lactococcus	genus
taxon rank	Megatypus is an extinct genus of insect of the order Meganisoptera.	Megatypus	genus
taxon rank	Cretornis is a pterosaur genus containing the single species Cretornis hlavaci.	Cretornis	species
taxon rank	Lunostoma is an extinct genus of bryozoans which existed during the middle Devonian of what is now Germany, precisely from the Gerolstein syncline.	Lunostoma	genus
taxon rank	Spodiopogon is a genus of Asian plants in the grass family.	Spodiopogon	genus
taxon rank	Sida javensis, common name in Taiwan translating as ``Java golden flower noon'' is a plant species apparently native to Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Taiwan, but naturalized in the West Indies and parts of Africa.	Sida javensis	species
taxon rank	Cerithiidae, common name the cerithiids or ceriths, is a large family of medium-sized marine gastropods in the clade Sorbeoconcha.	Cerithiidae	family
taxon rank	Habenaria dentata is a species of orchid native to the Himalaya, China, India, Indochina, Thailand and Myanmar.	Habenaria dentata	species
taxon rank	Nebria aenea is a species of black coloured ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Kazakhstan and Russia.	Nebria aenea	species
taxon rank	Helvella leucomelaena, commonly known as the ``white-footed elf cup'', is a species of fungi in the Helvellaceae family, Pezizales order.	Helvella leucomelaena	species
taxon rank	Milnesium berladnicorum is a species of Eutardigrade in the family Milnesiidae, native to Bârlad, Romania.	Milnesium berladnicorum	species
taxon rank	Cartonema is a genus of perennial or annual monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family.	Cartonema	genus
taxon rank	Leptolalax kajangensis (Kajang slender litter frog) is a species of amphibian in the Megophryidae family.	Leptolalax kajangensis	species
taxon rank	Isbrueckerichthys calvus is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it occurs in the Tibagi River basin.	Isbrueckerichthys calvus	species
taxon rank	Branchinecta paludosa is a species of fairy shrimp with a Holarctic distribution.	Branchinecta paludosa	species
taxon rank	Sebastidae is a family of marine fish in the order Scorpaeniformes.	Sebastidae	family
taxon rank	Nemadoras is a genus of thorny catfishes native to tropical South America.	Nemadoras	genus
taxon rank	Sagittaria kurziana, common names springtape and strap-leaf sagittaria, is an aquatic plant species native to Florida and naturalized in the Mariana Islands.	Sagittaria kurziana	species
taxon rank	Heterodraba is a monotypic genus of plants in the mustard family containing the single species Heterodraba unilateralis, which is known by the common name ladiestongue mustard.	Heterodraba	genus
taxon rank	Megalopta genalis is a species of the family Halictidae, otherwise known as the sweat bees.	Megalopta genalis	species
taxon rank	Cycnoches ventricosum is a species of orchid native to southern Mexico and Central America.	Cycnoches ventricosum	species
taxon rank	Burgessia is an extinct genus of arthropod from the Middle Cambrian.	Burgessia	genus
taxon rank	Goodeinae is a subfamily of splitfins.	Goodeinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Sankowskya stipularis is a genus and a sole known species of trees found only (endemic) in one locality in the Wet Tropics rainforests of north eastern Queensland, Australia.	Sankowskya	species
taxon rank	Olearia floribunda, commonly known as Heath Daisy-bush, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae.	Olearia floribunda	species
taxon rank	Pinus lawsonii, Lawson's pine, is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus lawsonii	species
taxon rank	Cyclodendron is a genus of lycophyta and dating from the Permian.	Cyclodendron	genus
taxon rank	Panamericansaurus is a genus of titanosaurian sauropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now South America.	Panamericansaurus	genus
taxon rank	Squalius lucumonis, or brook chub is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Squalius lucumonis	species
taxon rank	Allosauroidea is a superfamily or clade of theropod dinosaurs which contains four families -- the Metriacanthosauridae, Allosauridae, Carcharodontosauridae, and Neovenatoridae.	Allosauroidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Ithycyphus is a genus of venomous lamprophiid snakes found only on the island of Madagascar.	Ithycyphus	genus
taxon rank	Parrella is a genus of gobies native to the tropical waters of the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the Americas.	Parrella	genus
taxon rank	Capoeta caelestis, the Taurus scraper, is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish endemic to southern Anatolia, Turkey.	Capoeta caelestis	species
taxon rank	Holothuria thomasi, the tiger's tail, is a species of sea cucumber in the family Holothuriidae.	Holothuria thomasi	species
taxon rank	Correlophus is a genus of lizards in the family Diplodactylidae endemic to New Caledonia.	Correlophus	genus
taxon rank	Bryconamericus is a genus of characins found in Central and South America.	Bryconamericus	genus
taxon rank	The Rapa fruit dove (Ptilinopus huttoni) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae.	Rapa fruit dove	species
taxon rank	Halidayopsis formosensis is a species of tachinid flies in the genus Halidayopsis of the family Tachinidae.	Halidayopsis formosensis	species
taxon rank	Euphorbia leuconeura, the Madagascar jewel, is a species of plant in the Euphorbiaceae family.	Euphorbia leuconeura	species
taxon rank	Ingolfiella longipes is a species of amphipod crustacean in the family Ingolfiellidae.	Ingolfiella longipes	species
taxon rank	Chilantaisaurus (``Ch'i-lan-t'ai lizard'') is a genus of neovenatorid theropod dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Ulansuhai Formation of China (Turonian stage, about 92 million years ago).	Chilantaisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Petrochromis famula is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where they prefer rocky substrates that they can graze from.	Petrochromis famula	species
taxon rank	Temnothorax pilagens (from Latin: pilare, ``to pluck'', ``plunder'', ``pillage'') is a small Nearctic species of slave-making ant in the subfamily Myrmicinae.	Temnothorax pilagens	species
taxon rank	Trimetopon is a genus of colubrid snakes, which are endemic to Costa Rica.	Trimetopon	genus
taxon rank	Leptolalax sungi (Sung toad or Sang's metacarpal-tubercled toad) is a frog species in the family Megophryidae.	Leptolalax sungi	species
taxon rank	Oleispira antarctica is a hydrocarbonoclastic marine bacterium, the type species in its genus.	Oleispira antarctica	species
taxon rank	Epilobium pygmaeum is a species of willowherb known by the common names pygmy willowherb, smooth spike-primrose and smooth boisduvalia.	Epilobium pygmaeum	species
taxon rank	Epipactis tremolsii is a species of terrestrial orchid of the genus Epipactis, belonging to the family Orchidaceae.	Epipactis tremolsii	species
taxon rank	Pseudolabrus is a genus of wrasses native to the eastern Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.	Pseudolabrus	genus
taxon rank	Trifolium incarnatum, known as crimson clover or Italian clover, is a species of clover in the family Fabaceae, native to most of Europe.	Trifolium incarnatum	species
taxon rank	Orobates is an extinct genus of diadectid.	Orobates	genus
taxon rank	Pseudophoridae is an extinct family of tropical warm-water Paleozoic sea snails.	Pseudophoridae	family
taxon rank	The Angelfish Orchid or Inward-bent Dendrobium (Dendrobium aduncum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium aduncum	species
taxon rank	Rodriguezia sticta is a species of orchid endemic to Brazil (Espírito Santo, Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro).	Rodriguezia sticta	species
taxon rank	Apate terebrans, common names shot-hole borer or trunk borer or girdler, is a species of horned powder-post beetles belonging to the family Bostrichidae.	Apate terebrans	species
taxon rank	Pisa armata is a species of crab from the eastern Atlantic Ocean.	Pisa armata	species
taxon rank	Dendrochirus zebra, known commonly as the Zebra turkeyfish or Zebra lionfish among other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Scorpaenidae.	Dendrochirus zebra	species
taxon rank	Stagmomantis is a genus consisting of 27 species of mantises native to the Americas.	Stagmomantis	genus
taxon rank	Phalaris angusta is a species of grass known by the common names timothy canarygrass and narrow canarygrass.	Phalaris angusta	species
taxon rank	Microgastrinae is a subfamily of braconid wasps, encompassing 2,000 described species, with an estimated 5,000-10,000 total species.	Microgastrinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Archaeogeryon peruvianus is an extinct species of crab from the Miocene, the only species in the genus Archaeogeryon.	Archaeogeryon	species
taxon rank	Litocladius is a genus of chironomid midges that belongs to the subfamily Orthocladiinae and is composed of three species, Litocladius confusus Mendes et Andersen (2008), Litocladius mateusi Mendes, Andersen & Sæther (2004), and Litocladius floripa Mendes et Andersen (2008) all described from Brazil only.	Litocladius	genus
taxon rank	Medinilla magnifica, showy medinilla, is a species in the genus Medinilla native to the Philippines.	Medinilla magnifica	species
taxon rank	Dipterocarpus cornutus is a species of tree in the family Dipterocarpaceae endemic to peninsular Malaysia, Singapore, Sumatra and Kalimantan.	Dipterocarpus cornutus	species
taxon rank	Cteniloricaria is a genus of armored catfishes native to northern South America.	Cteniloricaria	genus
taxon rank	Elaphe carinata, the king ratsnake (also known as Taiwan stink snake), is a species of Colubrid snake found in Southeast Asia and East Asia.	Elaphe carinata	species
taxon rank	Linnaeus introduced the name Crataegus oxyacantha for a species of Northern European Hawthorn and the name gradually became used for several similar species which were assumed to be the same, particularly the Midland Hawthorn C. laevigata and the Common Hawthorn C. monogyna.	Crataegus oxyacantha	species
taxon rank	Buddleja megalocephala is a species endemic to Guatemala, in the Central Highlands, the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes, and Mt.	Buddleja megalocephala	species
taxon rank	The Kivu giant pouched rat (Cricetomys kivuensis) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae.	Kivu giant pouched rat	species
taxon rank	Neocallia pubescens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Neocallia.	Neocallia pubescens	species
taxon rank	Dioscorea floridana the Florida yam, is a plant species native to Florida, Alabama, Georgia and South Carolina.	Dioscorea floridana	species
taxon rank	Fisherostylus bruneri is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Fisherostylus.	Fisherostylus	species
taxon rank	Cosoryx furcatus is an extinct species of antilocaprid that lived in the Miocene of Nevada.	Cosoryx	species
taxon rank	Rewaconodon tikiensis is an extinct species of synapsid which existed in India during the upper Triassic period, the only species in the genus Rewaconodon.	Rewaconodon	genus
taxon rank	Nebria mellyi is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Russia.	Nebria mellyi	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria dajinensis is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to Sichuan Province in China.	Fritillaria dajinensis	species
taxon rank	The Japanese rhinoceros beetle, Japanese horned beetle, or kabutomushi (カブトムシ), Allomyrina dichotoma, is a species of rhinoceros beetle.	Japanese rhinoceros beetle	species
taxon rank	Eoserranus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived during the Danian stage of the Paleocene epoch.	Eoserranus	genus
taxon rank	Carolus Linnaeus, the Swedish naturalist who defined taxonomic arrangements for the animal, plant, and mineral kingdoms acquired samples of the sawtoothed grain beetle from Suriname (Dutch Guiana) and named the species ``Oryzaephilus surinamensis'' because of this.	Oryzaephilus surinamensis	species
taxon rank	Lorandersonia, commonly called rabbitbush, is a genus of North American flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Lorandersonia	genus
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus albomarginatus is a species of frog in the Phrynobatrachidae family.	Phrynobatrachus albomarginatus	species
taxon rank	Megachile polychroma is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae.	Megachile polychroma	species
taxon rank	Setarches is a genus of deep-sea bristly scorpionfishes.	Setarches	genus
taxon rank	The Araliaceae are a family of flowering plants, also known as the aralia family (after its type genus Aralia) or ivy family.	Araliaceae	family
taxon rank	Tomato frogs are any of the three species of genus Dyscophus (family Microhylidae):	Tomato frog	genus
taxon rank	Austrorossia mastigophora is a species of bobtail squid native to western, southern and eastern Africa, from Guinea and Somalia to the Cape of Good Hope.	Austrorossia mastigophora	species
taxon rank	Acanthoteuthis is a belemnite genus, a squid-like cephalopod with an internal shell from the Late Jurassic Epoch, related to modern coleoids.	Acanthoteuthis	genus
taxon rank	Oritrophium is a genus of Mesoamerican and South American flowering plant in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Oritrophium	genus
taxon rank	Phagnalon is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower family native to Europe, Asia, and North Africa.	Phagnalon	genus
taxon rank	Atrypa is a genus of brachiopod with shells round to short egg-shaped, covered with many fine radial ridges (or costae), that split further out and growthlines perpendicular to the costae and 2-3 times wider spaced.	Atrypa	genus
taxon rank	Obolella was a genus of Cambrian brachiopod.	Obolella	genus
taxon rank	The sole species, Needhamiella pumilio, is a small shrub that is endemic to Western Australia.	Needhamiella	species
taxon rank	Heteroclinus perspicillatus, the Common weedfish, is a species of clinid native to southern Australia where it is found in seagrass beds and rocky reefs (especially with kelp cover) at depths of up to 10 metres (33 ft) .	Heteroclinus perspicillatus	species
taxon rank	Coryanthes speciosa, the bat orchid, is a species of orchid found in Brazil, Colombia, Costa Rica, French Guiana, Guatemala, Guyana, Honduras, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama, Peru, Suriname, Venezuela, the Caribbean and Belize.	Coryanthes speciosa	species
taxon rank	Echinolittorina biangulata is a species of sea snail in the Indo-West Pacific Ocean, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Littorinidae, the winkles or periwinkles.	Echinolittorina biangulata	species
taxon rank	Scenelloidea is an extinct superfamily of paleozoic molluscs of uncertain position (Gastropoda or Monoplacophora).	Scenelloidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Princaxelia jamiesoni is a species of amphipod crustacean described in 2010.	Princaxelia jamiesoni	species
taxon rank	Cyathea nigrolineata is a species of tree fern in the family Cyatheaceae.	Cyathea nigrolineata	species
taxon rank	Chasmosaurinae is a subfamily of ceratopsid dinosaurs.	Chasmosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Theriosuchus is an extinct genus of atoposaurid mesoeucrocodylian from the Late Jurassic of Europe, the Early Cretaceous of Asia and the Late Cretaceous of Romania.	Theriosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Rhynchostele is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to Mexico, Central America and Venezuela.	Rhynchostele	genus
taxon rank	The Curculionidae comprise the family of the ``true'' weevils (or ``snout beetles'').	Curculionidae	family
taxon rank	Dussumieriidae is a family of clupeiform fishes popularly called the ``round herrings''.	Dussumieriidae	family
taxon rank	Xanthisma paradoxum is a plant species native to the ``Four Corners'' region where Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico and Utah meet.	Xanthisma paradoxum	species
taxon rank	Yinlong (meaning ``hidden dragon'') is a genus of basal ceratopsian dinosaur from the Late Jurassic Period of central Asia.	Yinlong	genus
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops brevissimus, or the Caqueta blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops brevissimus	species
taxon rank	The Salado Springs salamander (Eurycea chisholmensis) is a candidate species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae.	Salado Springs salamander	species
taxon rank	Thecacera boyla is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Polyceridae.	Thecacera boyla	species
taxon rank	Polygonum bolanderi is an uncommon California species of flowering plant in the buckwheat family known by the common name Bolander's knotweed.	Polygonum bolanderi	species
taxon rank	Phrynobatrachus ogoensis (commonly known as Boulenger's African river frog) is a species of frog in the Petropedetidae family.	Phrynobatrachus ogoensis	species
taxon rank	Palystes is a genus of huntsman spiders, commonly called rain spiders or lizard-eating spiders, occurring in Africa, India, Australia, and the Pacific.	Palystes	genus
taxon rank	Coloborhynchus spielbergi is a pterosaur species from the Aptian-age Romualdo Member of the Lower Cretaceous Santana Formation, of Barra do Jardim, Araripe Plateau, Ceará Province, Brazil.	Coloborhynchus spielbergi	species
taxon rank	The Sokoke pipit (Anthus sokokensis) is a species of bird in the Motacillidae family.	Sokoke pipit	species
taxon rank	Parablepharis kuhlii is a species of praying mantis found in India, Myanmar, Vietnam, Borneo, and Java.	Parablepharis kuhlii	species
taxon rank	Docolamia incisa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Docolamia.	Docolamia incisa	species
taxon rank	Lacandonia schismatica is a species of mycoheterotrophic plants in the Triuridaceae.	Lacandonia schismatica	species
taxon rank	Paspalum urvillei is a species of grass known by the common name Vasey's grass, or Vaseygrass.	Paspalum urvillei	species
taxon rank	Boechera dispar is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name pinyon rockcress.	Boechera dispar	species
taxon rank	The Petrosiidae are a family of sponges containing these genera:	Petrosiidae	family
taxon rank	Notropis simus (bluntnose shiner) is a species of ray-finned fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Notropis simus	species
taxon rank	Crataegus putnamiana is a rare species of North American hawthorn derived from hybridization between a species in Crataegus series Coccineae and a species in series Dilatatae.	Crataegus putnamiana	species
taxon rank	Ptychochromis loisellei is a species of cichlid from the Mahanara River basin north of Sambava in northeastern Madagascar.	Ptychochromis loisellei	species
taxon rank	Ophiopholis is a genus of brittle stars (Ophiuroidea) found in oceans worldwide from tropics to temperate regions.	Ophiopholis	genus
taxon rank	Drosophila persimilis is a species of fruit fly that is a sister species to D. pseudoobscura, and was one of 12 fruitfly genomes sequenced for a large comparative study.	Drosophila persimilis	species
taxon rank	Diaphanidae is a taxonomic family of small sea snails, marine opisthobranch gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the superfamily Diaphanoidea, the headshield slugs and bubble snails.	Diaphanidae	family
taxon rank	Panax ginseng, the Chinese ginseng, is a species of ginseng.	Panax ginseng	species
taxon rank	Oecia oecophila is a moth of the Autostichidae family and only species in the Oecia genus.	Oecia oecophila	species
taxon rank	Myctophum nitidulum, common name pearly lanternfish, is a species of deep sea fish in the family Myctophidae, the ``lanternfish''.	Myctophum nitidulum	species
taxon rank	Mesonerilla prospera is a species of invertebrate in the Nerillidae family endemic to Bermuda.	Mesonerilla prospera	species
taxon rank	Similonedine brunniofasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Similonedine.	Similonedine brunniofasciata	species
taxon rank	Urobatis is a genus of the family Urotrygonidae.	Urobatis	genus
taxon rank	Sagda triptycha is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Sagdidae.	Sagda triptycha	species
taxon rank	Ipomoea indica is a species of flowering plant in the family Convolvulaceae, known by several common names, including blue morning glory, oceanblue morning glory, koali awa, and blue dawn flower.	Ipomoea indica	species
taxon rank	Achistrum is an extinct genus of sea cucumber which existed in Poland during the Triassic period, and the United States during the Carboniferous period.	Achistrum	genus
taxon rank	Chonerhinos naritus is a species of freshwater pufferfish native to Southeast Asia.	Chonerhinos naritus	species
taxon rank	Parator zonatus is a species of cyprinid fish found in the Zhujiang River in China and Vietnam.	Parator zonatus	species
taxon rank	Chaenactis artemisiifolia, with the common name White pincushion, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Chaenactis artemisiifolia	species
taxon rank	Although little is known about the species' ecology, due to its deep water nature and its lack of known use in commercial trade, the IUCN redlist currently lists Synaphobranchus oregoni as Least Concern.	Synaphobranchus oregoni	species
taxon rank	Sturisoma brevirostre is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil where it is found in the Içá River basin.	Sturisoma brevirostre	species
taxon rank	Hakea mitchellii, commonly known as Desert Hakea, is a shrub species in the family Proteaceae.	Hakea mitchellii	species
taxon rank	Pentaphylax is a genus of flowering plants, with one or two species which are shrubs and small trees.	Pentaphylax	genus
taxon rank	Bruniaceae is a family of shrubs native to the cape region of South Africa.	Bruniaceae	family
taxon rank	Koreaceratops is a genus of basal ceratopsian dinosaur discovered in Albian-age Lower Cretaceous rocks of South Korea.	Koreaceratops	genus
taxon rank	Cattleya perrinii, commonly known as the Perrin's Sophronitis, is a species of orchid endemic to southeastern Brazil.	Cattleya perrinii	species
taxon rank	Ciliopagurus major is a species of hermit crab native to French Polynesia.	Ciliopagurus major	species
taxon rank	Prunus bifrons is a species of Prunus native to temperate and tropical Asia.	Prunus bifrons	species
taxon rank	Sinployea youngi was a species of small air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Charopidae.	Sinployea youngi	species
taxon rank	Draco indochinensis, commonly known as the Indo-Chinese flying lizard, is a species of agamid lizard endemic to South-east Asia.	Draco indochinensis	species
taxon rank	Brachypylina is a suborder of oribatid mites.	Brachypylina	suborder
taxon rank	Liocranidae is a family of araneomorph spiders, consisting of about 160 species of wandering spiders in 30 or so genera.	Liocranidae	family
taxon rank	Dendrobium heterocarpum, the Different-fruited Dendrobium, is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium heterocarpum	species
taxon rank	Mezirinae is a subfamily of Flat bug.	Mezirinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Copadichromis borleyi is a species of cichlid fish endemic to Lake Malawi in East Africa.	Copadichromis borleyi	species
taxon rank	The Hylocereeae are a tribe of cacti.	Hylocereeae	tribe
taxon rank	Holodiscus dumosus is a species of flowering plant in the rose family known by the common names rockspiraea, bush oceanspray, mountain spray, and glandular oceanspray.	Holodiscus dumosus	species
taxon rank	Gnaphalium palustre, known by the common name western marsh cudweed, is a species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Gnaphalium palustre	species
taxon rank	Incilius perplexus (common name: confusing toad) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	Incilius perplexus	species
taxon rank	Odixia is a genus of Tasmanian flowering plants in the pussy's-toes tribe within the daisy family.	Odixia	genus
taxon rank	Angaria melanacantha, common name the black-tankard angaria, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Angariidae.	Angaria melanacantha	species
taxon rank	Osgood's rat (Rattus osgoodi) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae.	Osgood's rat	species
taxon rank	Misionella is a genus of crevice weaver spiders.	Misionella	genus
taxon rank	Pycnosteus is an extinct genus of jawless fish from the Devonian.	Pycnosteus	genus
taxon rank	Vaccinium stamineum, commonly known as deerberry, tall deerberry, squaw huckleberry, highbush huckleberry, buckberry, and southern gooseberry, is a species of flowering plant in the heath family.	Vaccinium stamineum	species
taxon rank	Lotus hamatus is a species of legume known by the common name San Diego bird's-foot trefoil.	Lotus hamatus	species
taxon rank	Western white pine (Pinus monticola) also called silver pine, and California mountain pine, in the family Pinaceae, is a species of pine that occurs in the mountains of the western United States and Canada, specifically the Sierra Nevada, the Cascade Range, the Coast Range, and the northern Rocky Mountains.	Western white pine	species
taxon rank	Ribes victoris is an uncommon North American species of currant known by the common name Victor's gooseberry.	Ribes victoris	species
taxon rank	Calyptranthes luquillensis (also called Luquillo Forest Lidflower) is a species of plant in the Myrtaceae family.	Calyptranthes luquillensis	species
taxon rank	Jocara marchiana is a species of snout moth found in Guatemala.	Jocara marchiana	species
taxon rank	Allium yosemitense is a California species of wild onion known by the common name Yosemite onion.	Allium yosemitense	species
taxon rank	Aetobarbakinoides is an extinct genus of stagonolepidid aetosaur known from the Late Triassic of Rio Grande do Sul state, southern Brazil.	Aetobarbakinoides	genus
taxon rank	Dicynodontia was later ranked as a suborder or infraorder with the larger group Anomodontia, which is classified as an order.	Dicynodont	infraorder
taxon rank	Causus lichtensteinii is a venomous viper species endemic to western and central Africa.	Causus lichtensteinii	species
taxon rank	Geranium oreganum is a species of geranium known by the common name Oregon cranesbill, or Oregon geranium.	Geranium oreganum	species
taxon rank	Synodontis punctifer is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to Ivory Coast where it occurs in the Nzo and Bandama Rivers.	Synodontis punctifer	species
taxon rank	Salix gilgiana is a species of willow native to Japan and Korea.	Salix gilgiana	species
taxon rank	Malacoctenus triangulatus, the Saddled blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny fish native to the Atlantic Ocean as well as the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea from southern Florida to the coast of Brazil.	Malacoctenus triangulatus	species
taxon rank	Arctostaphylos silvicola is a species of manzanita known by the common names Bonny Doon or silverleaf manzanita.	Arctostaphylos silvicola	species
taxon rank	Cyanea stictophylla is a rare species of flowering plant in the bellflower family known by the common name Kaiholena cyanea.	Cyanea stictophylla	species
taxon rank	Microsauge bistrialis is a species of snout moth in the genus Microsauge.	Microsauge bistrialis	species
taxon rank	Banksia scabrella, commonly known as the Burma Road Banksia, is a species of woody shrub in the genus Banksia.	Banksia scabrella	species
taxon rank	Gamochaeta antarctica, the Antarctic Cudweed, is a species of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Gamochaeta antarctica	species
taxon rank	Penstemon grahamii, known by the common names Uinta Basin beardtongue and Graham's beardtongue, is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family.	Penstemon grahamii	species
taxon rank	Haplochrois theae is a species of moth of the Elachistidae family.	Haplochrois theae	species
taxon rank	Coreocalamobius parantennatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Coreocalamobius.	Coreocalamobius parantennatus	species
taxon rank	Scissurella bountyensis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Scissurellidae.	Scissurella bountyensis	species
taxon rank	Aspidites melanocephalus, commonly known as the black-headed python, is a species of snake in the family Pythonidae (the python family).	Aspidites melanocephalus	species
taxon rank	Naja christyi (formerly Boulengerina christyi ), commonly known as the Congo water cobra or Christy's water cobra, is a species of venomous snake belonging to the Elapidae family, and native to Sub-Saharan Africa.	Naja christyi	species
taxon rank	Anabasis eugeniae, Eugenia's anabasis, is a species of flowering plant in the amaranth family.	Anabasis eugeniae	species
taxon rank	Dalcerina tijucana is a moth in the Dalceridae family, and the only species in the genus Dalcerina.	Dalcerina tijucana	species
taxon rank	Paphinia cristata is a species of the orchid genus Paphinia and the type species of this genus.	Paphinia cristata	species
taxon rank	Shunosaurus, meaning ``Shu Lizard'', is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from Middle Jurassic (Bathonian--Callovian) beds in Sichuan Province in China, 170 million years ago.	Shunosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The Fidicinini (Boulard & Martinelli, 1996) are a tribe of cicadas.	Fidicinini	tribe
taxon rank	Steatoda grossa, commonly known as the cupboard spider, the dark comb-footed spider, the brown house spider (in Australia), or the false black widow (though several other species are known by these names), is a common species of spider in the genus Steatoda.	Steatoda grossa	species
taxon rank	Ctenosaura palearis, commonly known as the Guatemalan spiny-tailed iguana, is a species of spiny-tailed iguana endemic to the Motagua Valley, Guatemala.	Ctenosaura palearis	species
taxon rank	Orthotylus troodensis is a species of bug from a family of Miridae that is endemic to Cyprus.	Orthotylus troodensis	species
taxon rank	Geotrypetes pseudoangeli is a species of amphibian in the Dermophiidae family found in Guinea and Liberia.	Geotrypetes pseudoangeli	species
taxon rank	Neduba is a genus of insects in the family Tettigoniidae (katydids).	Neduba	genus
taxon rank	Lilium tsingtauense (also known as ``Twilight Lily'') is an East Asian species of plants in the lily family.	Lilium tsingtauense	species
taxon rank	Lobelia nicotianifolia is a species of flowering plant with a distribution primarily across India and Sri Lanka.	Lobelia nicotianifolia	species
taxon rank	Balanetta is a genus of small, often colorful, sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the taxonomic family of the margin shells (Marginellidae).	Balanetta	genus
taxon rank	Glycosmis pentaphylla is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family, Rutaceae, known commonly as orangeberry and gin berry.	Glycosmis pentaphylla	species
taxon rank	Alburnoides bipunctatus, known vernacularly as the schneider, spirlin, bleak, riffle minnow, and others, is a species of small (9-cm average length) freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family.	Alburnoides bipunctatus	species
taxon rank	Rhacophorus arboreus (commonly known as the forest green tree frog, モリアオガエル in Japanese) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family endemic to Japan.	Rhacophorus arboreus	species
taxon rank	Conraua beccarii is a species of frog in the Conrauidae family found in Eritrea and Ethiopia.	Conraua beccarii	species
taxon rank	Epiactaeodes is a genus of crabs in the family Xanthidae, containing the following species:	Epiactaeodes	genus
taxon rank	Faucaria tigrina is a species of succulent plant in the Aizoaceae family.	Faucaria tigrina	species
taxon rank	Clausilia bidentata, the 'Two Toothed Door Snail' is a species of door snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the genus Clausilia belonging to the family Clausiliidae, all of which have a clausilium.	Clausilia bidentata	species
taxon rank	Ancipitia is a genus of orchids originating from South America, currently consisting of 28 species.	Ancipitia	genus
taxon rank	Cordaitaceae is an extinct family of conifers.	Cordaitaceae	family
taxon rank	Otopappus is a genus of flowering plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family, primarily Mesoamerican but with one species from Jamaica.	Otopappus	genus
taxon rank	Abrotocrinus is an extinct genus of crinoids.	Abrotocrinus	genus
taxon rank	Lilioceris cheni, the air potato leaf beetle, is a species of beetle in the Lilioceris genus that feeds on air potato plants.	Lilioceris cheni	species
taxon rank	Trochaclis calva is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ataphridae, the pyrams and their allies.	Trochaclis calva	species
taxon rank	Cyathea edanoi is a species of tree fern endemic to Luzon in the Philippines, where it grows in montane forest at an altitude of about 1300 m. The trunk is erect and 1--2 m tall.	Cyathea edanoi	species
taxon rank	Pseudomugil paskai, commonly known as Paska's blue-eye, is a species of fish in the family Pseudomugilidae.	Pseudomugil paskai	species
taxon rank	Pomaulax japonicus, the Japanese star shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	Pomaulax japonicus	species
taxon rank	Anthrenus flavipes is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae known by the common name furniture carpet beetle.	Anthrenus flavipes	species
taxon rank	Encheloclarias curtisoma is a species of airbreathing catfish endemic to Malaysia where it is only known from Selangor.	Encheloclarias curtisoma	species
taxon rank	Didelta is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1786.	Didelta	genus
taxon rank	Emblemariopsis pricei, the Seafan blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in Glover's Reef, on the coasts of Belize and Honduras, in the western Atlantic ocean.	Emblemariopsis pricei	species
taxon rank	Meca astralis is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Meca.	Meca astralis	species
taxon rank	Glyceridae is a family of polychaete worms.	Glyceridae	family
taxon rank	The armored marstonia, scientific name Marstonia pachyta, also known as Pyrgulopsis pachyta, is a species of freshwater snail, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae.	Marstonia pachyta	species
taxon rank	Chrysobatrachus cupreonitens is a species of frogs in the Hyperoliidae family; it is monotypic within the genus Chrysobatrachus.	Chrysobatrachus cupreonitens	species
taxon rank	Unatara atinga is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Unatara.	Unatara	species
taxon rank	Senoculus darwini is a spider species in the genus Senoculus found in Argentina.	Senoculus darwini	species
taxon rank	Gandalfus yunohana is a species of crab found on hydrothermal vents on the eastern edge of the Philippine Sea Plate south of Japan.	Gandalfus yunohana	species
taxon rank	Trite planiceps is a common jumping spider endemic to New Zealand and one of about 150 species of jumping spiders in New Zealand.	Trite planiceps	species
taxon rank	Gramma brasiliensis is a species of basslet endemic to the Atlantic coast of Brazil where it is a reef inhabitant.	Gramma brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Otothyris juquiae is a species of armored catfish endemic to Brazil, where it is found in the Ribeira de Iguape River basin.	Otothyris juquiae	species
taxon rank	Peloridium hammoniorum is a species of moss bug from southern South America, and is the only known species in the genus Peloridium.	Peloridium hammoniorum	species
taxon rank	Radiodactylus is an extinct genus of non-azhdarchid azhdarchoid pterosaur known from the Early Cretaceous of Texas, southern United States.	Radiodactylus	genus
taxon rank	Juncus planifolius is a species of rush, commonly known as broadleaf rush, broad-leaved rush, or grass-leaved rush.	Juncus planifolius	species
taxon rank	Coloborhynchus clavirostris is a pterosaur species in the family Ornithocheiridae, known from the Lower Cretaceous of England (Albian age, 98 million years ago).	Coloborhynchus clavirostris	species
taxon rank	Turbo militaris, common name the military turban, is a species of sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinidae.	Turbo militaris	species
taxon rank	The Colombian chachalaca (Ortalis columbiana) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family.	Colombian chachalaca	species
taxon rank	The South American tapir (Tapirus terrestris), Brazilian tapir (from the Tupi tapi'ira), lowland tapir or (in Portuguese) anta, is one of five species in the tapir family, along with the Mountain tapir, the Malayan tapir, the Baird's tapir, and the kabomani tapir.	South American tapir	species
taxon rank	The North-Chinese leopard (Panthera pardus japonensis), also known as North China leopard, is a leopard subspecies native to northern China.	North-Chinese leopard	subspecies
taxon rank	Galactomyia is a subgenus of tachinid flies, commonly known as the feather-legged flies or hairy-legged flies.	Galactomyia	subgenus
taxon rank	Clostridium indolis was originally named for its ability to hydrolyze tryptophan to indole, pyruvate, and ammonia in the classic indole test which is used to distinguish bacterial species.	Clostridium indolis	species
taxon rank	Pinus lumholtzii, the Lumholtz's pine or pino triste ('sad pine' in Spanish), is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Pinus lumholtzii	species
taxon rank	Naraoiidae is a family, of extinct, soft-shelled trilobite-like arthropods, that belongs to the order Nectaspida.	Naraoiidae	family
taxon rank	Syncarida is a superorder of crustaceans, comprising the two extant orders Anaspidacea and Bathynellacea, and the extinct order Palaeocaridacea.	Syncarida	superorder
taxon rank	Triviidae is a taxonomic family of small sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the clade Littorinimorpha.	Triviidae	family
taxon rank	Streptomyces hiroshimensis is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil.	Streptomyces hiroshimensis	species
taxon rank	Hopea polyalthioides is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae.	Hopea polyalthioides	species
taxon rank	Agonum is a large genus of ground beetles in the subfamily Harpalinae, tribe Platynini.	Agonum	genus
taxon rank	The Tien Shan dhole (Cuon alpinus hesperius), also known as the Siberian wild dog, Western Asiatic dhole, or Northern dhole is a possible subspecies of dhole native to the Altai and Tien Shan mountain ranges, and possibly Pamir and Kashmir.	Tien Shan dhole	subspecies
taxon rank	Adansonia digitata (baobab) is the most widespread of the Adansonia species, and is native to the African continent.	Adansonia digitata	species
taxon rank	Chrysothamnus scopulorum called Grand Canyon glowweed or evening-daisy , is a North American species of flowering plants in the aster tribe within the sunflower family.	Chrysothamnus scopulorum	species
taxon rank	Afifella is a photoheterotrophic genus in the phylum Proteobacteria (Bacteria).	Afifella	genus
taxon rank	Millepora alcicornis, or sea ginger, is a species of colonial fire coral with a calcareous skeleton.	Millepora alcicornis	species
taxon rank	Epirochroides hovanus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Epirochroides.	Epirochroides hovanus	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops drewesi, or Drewes' worm snake, is a species of snake in the family Leptotyphlopidae.	Leptotyphlops drewesi	species
taxon rank	Lysapsus caraya is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in central and southern Brazil.	Lysapsus caraya	species
taxon rank	The Kauai island-aster or Kauai hesperomannia (Hesperomannia lydgatei) is a rare species of flowering plant in the Asteraceae family.	Hesperomannia lydgatei	species
taxon rank	Nyctibatrachus minimus is a species of frog in the Nyctibatrachidae family.	Nyctibatrachus minimus	species
taxon rank	Vertigo alpestris is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod molluscs or micromollusks in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo alpestris	species
taxon rank	Chiloglanis carnosus is a species of upside-down catfish endemic to the Democratic Republic of the Congo where it occurs in rapids of the lower Congo River.	Chiloglanis carnosus	species
taxon rank	The Arthrorhaphidaceae are a family of lichenized fungi in the division Ascomycota.	Arthrorhaphidaceae	family
taxon rank	Cylindropuntia abyssi, common name Peach Springs cholla, is a species of cactus endemic to northwestern Arizona.	Cylindropuntia abyssi	species
taxon rank	Tachysphex is a very large genus of wasps in the family Crabronidae, consisting of over 400 species.	Tachysphex	genus
taxon rank	Astragalus wetherillii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Wetherill's milkvetch.	Astragalus wetherillii	species
taxon rank	Mimulus cusickii is a species of monkeyflower known by the common name Cusick's monkeyflower.	Mimulus cusickii	species
taxon rank	Romneya coulteri, the Coulter's Matilija poppy or Californian tree poppy, is a species of flowering plant in the poppy family.	Romneya coulteri	species
taxon rank	Conocephalus is a genus of bush-cricket, known as coneheads (a term also applied to members of the related genus Ruspolia).	Conocephalus	genus
taxon rank	Tuber melanosporum, called the black truffle, Périgord truffle or French black truffle, is a species of truffle native to Southern Europe.	Tuber melanosporum	species
taxon rank	Vertigo ovata, common name the ovate vertigo, is a species of minute, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Vertiginidae, the whorl snails.	Vertigo ovata	species
taxon rank	Inula spiraeifolia is a European species perennial herbaceous plant belonging to the genus Inula within the daisy family.	Inula spiraeifolia	species
taxon rank	Hymenocallis howardii is a species of spider-lily, native to southwestern Mexico.	Hymenocallis howardii	species
taxon rank	Epidendrum brevivenium is a species of Epidendrum Orchid native to Peru and the provinces of Pichincha, Napo, and Tungurahua in Ecuador at altitudes of 2.8 to 3.4 km.	Epidendrum brevivenium	species
taxon rank	The Spongillidae are a family of sponges that live in freshwater lakes.	Spongillidae	family
taxon rank	Asclepias erosa is a species of milkweed known commonly as desert milkweed.	Asclepias erosa	species
taxon rank	Lotus benthamii is a species of legume known by the common name Bentham's broom.	Lotus benthamii	species
taxon rank	Hieracium attenboroughianum, or Attenborough's hawkweed, is a species of hawkweed in the genus Hieracium, found only in the Brecon Beacons in south Wales.	Hieracium attenboroughianum	species
taxon rank	Arizonerpeton is an extinct genus of nectridean lepospondyl.	Arizonerpeton	genus
taxon rank	Porteresia coarctata is considered by some botanists to be the only species in the genus Porteresia.	Porteresia	genus
taxon rank	Tuberolabium is a genus of epiphytic flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae.	Tuberolabium	genus
taxon rank	× Myrtgerocactus lindsayi is a species of cacti, the only one in the hybrid genus × Myrtgerocactus.	× Myrtgerocactus	genus
taxon rank	Sedum oregonense is a species of flowering plant in the stonecrop family known by the common name cream stonecrop.	Sedum oregonense	species
taxon rank	Maladera is a genus in the beetle family Scarabaeidae, containing species such as Maladera insanabilis and Maladera castanea.	Maladera	genus
taxon rank	Eophrynus prestvicii is an extinct species arachnids belonging to the order Trigonotarbida.	Eophrynus prestvicii	species
taxon rank	Delta conoideum, the Mason wasp, is a species of potter wasp in the subfamily Eumeninae of the family Vespidae.	Delta conoideum	species
taxon rank	Benthophiloides brauneri is a species of goby, a benthophilic fish native to the fresh and brackish waters of the Black Sea, the Caspian Sea and the Sea of Azov as well as their surrounding rivers and estuaries.	Benthophiloides brauneri	species
taxon rank	Arganiella exilis is a species of very small freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae.	Arganiella exilis	species
taxon rank	Pentaceraster cumingi, sometimes known as the Panamic cushion star, Cortez starfish or knobby star (a name also used for other species), is a species of starfish in the family Oreasteridae.	Pentaceraster cumingi	species
taxon rank	Emathis weyersi is a species of jumping spider that occurs from Sumatra to the Philippines.	Emathis weyersi	species
taxon rank	Apteronotus galvisi is a species of ghost knifefish that was first described in a 2007 scientific paper.	Apteronotus galvisi	species
taxon rank	Martinavis is a genus of enantiornithine birds which existed in what is now southern France, North America and Salta Province, Argentina during the late Cretaceous period.	Martinavis	genus
taxon rank	The Milesiini (or Xylotini) is a large and diverse tribe of hoverflies.	Milesiini	tribe
taxon rank	Conus achatinus, common name the turtle cone or the agate cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.	Conus achatinus	species
taxon rank	Tephritis formosa is a species of tephritid fly.	Tephritis formosa	species
taxon rank	Described by Tschitscherine in 1900, it is the only species in the genus Bothynoproctus.	Bothynoproctus	genus
taxon rank	Papilio multicaudata, the two-tailed swallowtail, is a species of the family Papilionidae found in western North America from British Columbia to Central America.	Papilio multicaudata	species
taxon rank	Trebacosa brunhesi is a wolf spider species in the genus Trebacosa found in France.	Trebacosa brunhesi	species
taxon rank	The San Joaquin antelope squirrel or Nelson's antelope squirrel (Ammospermophilus nelsoni), is a species of antelope squirrel, in the San Joaquin Valley of the U.S. state of California.	San Joaquin antelope squirrel	species
taxon rank	Clypeola elegans is a plant species in the genus Clypeola.	Clypeola elegans	species
taxon rank	Urotrichini is a taxonomic tribe of the mole family, and consists of Japanese and American shrew-moles.	Urotrichini	tribe
taxon rank	The genus Bathmochoffatia (basal choffatia) was named by Hahn G. and Hahn R. in 1998.	Bathmochoffatia	genus
taxon rank	Rhabdophis is a genus of snakes, generally called keelback snakes, found primarily in southeast Asia.	Rhabdophis	genus
taxon rank	Galenia secunda (onesided galenia) is a plant species native to South Africa but naturalized in Australia (Western Australia, Victoria, Tasmania and New South Wales), Spain, and the United States (Florida and New Jersey).	Galenia secunda	species
taxon rank	Polemon collaris, or the collared snake-eater, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Polemon collaris	species
taxon rank	Pteronymia is a genus of clearwing (ithomiine) butterflies, named by Arthur Gardiner Butler and Druce in 1872.	Pteronymia	genus
taxon rank	Agalychnis is a genus of tree frogs native to forests in Mexico, Central America and northwestern South America.	Agalychnis	genus
taxon rank	Hexeretmis is a genus of moth in the Alucitidae family.	Hexeretmis	genus
taxon rank	Aspasia lunata is a species of orchid, native to tropical South America, in the Brazilian southeast and south and reaching Bolivia and Paraguay, from 200--750 metres (660--2,460 ft) in elevation.	Aspasia lunata	species
taxon rank	The keeled slug-eating snake, Pareas carinatus, is a species of snake in the Colubridae family.	Pareas carinatus	species
taxon rank	Coenobita scaevola is a species of terrestrial hermit crab from the western Indian Ocean and Red Sea.	Coenobita scaevola	species
taxon rank	Bidensovirus is a genus of single stranded DNA viruses that infect invertebrates.	Bidensovirus	genus
taxon rank	Glinus radiatus is a species of flowering plant in the family Molluginaceae known by the common name spreading sweetjuice.	Glinus radiatus	species
taxon rank	Ostenoteuthidae is an extinct family of cephalopods from Lower Jurassic of Italy.	Ostenoteuthidae	family
taxon rank	Turanoceratops (``Turan horned face'') is a genus of herbivorous ceratopsian dinosaur from the late Cretaceous Bissekty Formation of Uzbekistan.	Turanoceratops	genus
taxon rank	Callicopris cerograpta is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family, and the only species in the genus Callicopris.	Callicopris cerograpta	species
taxon rank	Teleogryllus oceanicus, commonly known as the black field cricket is a cricket species native to Australia.	Teleogryllus oceanicus	species
taxon rank	Pseudohomaloptera tatereganii is a species of the genus Pseudohomaloptera in the family Balitoridae.	Pseudohomaloptera tatereganii	species
taxon rank	Ilex integerrima (``Soundest holly'') is a species of holly in the Aquifoliaceae family, native from Brazil and typically found in its Atlantic Forest vegetation.	Ilex integerrima	species
taxon rank	Larus is a large genus of gulls with worldwide distribution (although by far the greatest species diversity is in the Northern Hemisphere).	Larus	genus
taxon rank	The Daraelitidae form a family in the ammonoid order Prolecanitida from the Upper Mississippian - Middle Permian characterized by discoidal shells with no prominent sculpture, moderately large umbilicus, and goniatitic or ceratitic sutures with a trifid (three pronged) ventral lobe and few auxiliary lobes.	Daraelitidae	family
taxon rank	Primula rosea, the Himalayan meadow primrose, is a flowering plant species in the genus Primula.	Primula rosea	species
taxon rank	Euproserpinus is a genus of sphinx moth in the Sphingidae family.	Euproserpinus	genus
taxon rank	The Zambian mole-rat (Fukomys amatus) is a species of rodent in the family Bathyergidae.	Zambian mole-rat	species
taxon rank	Pseudochazara pelopea (Klug, 1832) is a species of butterfly in the Nymphalidae family.	Pseudochazara pelopea	species
taxon rank	Zeugopterus is a genus of turbots native to the north Atlantic Ocean.	Zeugopterus	genus
taxon rank	Laelia anceps is a species of orchid found in Mexico and Guatemala.	Laelia anceps	species
taxon rank	Penstemon scariosus is a species of flowering plant in the plantain family known by the common name White River beardtongue.	Penstemon scariosus	species
taxon rank	Samolus (known as brookweed, or water pimpernel) is a widely distributed genus of about a dozen species of water-loving herbs.	Samolus	genus
taxon rank	The Calcinea are a subclass of the calcareous sponges.	Calcinea	subclass
taxon rank	Cissus bicolor is a species of vine.	Cissus bicolor	species
taxon rank	Polyrhachis illaudata is a species of large ant found in Sri Lanka, India extending through Southeast Asia to the Philippines.	Polyrhachis illaudata	species
taxon rank	Pterodoras rivasi is a species of thorny catfish found in the Orinoco River basin of Colombia and Venezuela.	Pterodoras rivasi	species
taxon rank	The Guadeloupe parakeet (Psittacara labati) might have been a species of parrot that was endemic to Guadeloupe.	Guadeloupe parakeet	species
taxon rank	Iuticosaurus (meaning ``Jute lizard'') is the name given to a genus of dinosaur from the Early Cretaceous of the Isle of Wight.	Iuticosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Procambarus nechesae, sometimes called the Neches crayfish, is a species of crustacean in the family Cambaridae.	Procambarus nechesae	species
taxon rank	Sphaerioeme rubristerna is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Sphaerioeme.	Sphaerioeme	species
taxon rank	Skimmia japonica, the Japanese skimmia, is a species of flowering plant in the family Rutaceae, native to Japan, China and south east Asia.	Skimmia japonica	species
taxon rank	Opsilia chinensis is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that is endemic to China.	Opsilia chinensis	species
taxon rank	Calanthe triplicata is a species of orchid native to Oceania, Asia, and the islands of eastern Africa.	Calanthe triplicata	species
taxon rank	Paeonia qiui is a species of peony very similar to P. jishanensis, but with more divided foliage.	Paeonia qiui	species
taxon rank	Salvadora persica (Arak, Galenia asiatica, Meswak, Peelu, Pīlu, Salvadora indica, or toothbrush tree, mustard tree, mustard bush), is a species of Salvadora.	Salvadora persica	species
taxon rank	Limonium bellidifolium, commonly known as the matted sea-lavender, is an aggregate species in the family Plumbaginaceae.	Limonium bellidifolium	species
taxon rank	Paropsisterna selmani, the Tasmanian Eucalyptus Beetle, is a species of leaf beetle native to Tasmania which has been inadvertently introduced to the Republic of Ireland and United Kingdom.	Paropsisterna selmani	species
taxon rank	Ctenopseustis fraterna, the brownheaded leafroller, is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	Ctenopseustis fraterna	species
taxon rank	Cerocoma is a Palearctic genus of blister beetle, whose biology is poorly known.	Cerocoma	genus
taxon rank	Nuttall's woodpecker (Dryobates nuttallii) is a species of woodpecker named after naturalist Thomas Nuttall in 1843.	Nuttall's woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Clinus brevicristatus, the Cape klipfish, is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa where it prefers habitats with plentiful growth of seaweed.	Clinus brevicristatus	species
taxon rank	Opuntia pailana is a species of the genus Opuntia in the family of Cactaceae.	Opuntia pailana	species
taxon rank	Anthracosuchus (meaning ``coal crocodile'' in Greek) is an extinct genus of dyrosaurid crocodyliform from the Paleocene of Colombia.	Anthracosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Gaoligongshania megalothyrsa is a species of small, bushy mountain bamboo, of the monotypic genus Gaoligongshania.	Gaoligongshania megalothyrsa	species
taxon rank	Vanda coerulea, commonly known as blue orchid, blue vanda or autumn lady's tresses, is a species of orchid found in Assam and neighbouring Khasi hills with its range extending to China (southern Yunnan).	Vanda coerulea	species
taxon rank	Trifolium leibergii is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Leiberg's clover.	Trifolium leibergii	species
taxon rank	Agapanthia amicula is a species of beetle in the Lamiinae subfamily, that can be found only in Turkey.	Agapanthia amicula	species
taxon rank	Mauritia histrio, common name the harlequin cowry or the stage cowry, is a species of sea snail, a cowry, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cypraeidae, the cowries.	Mauritia histrio	species
taxon rank	Cordylancistrus is a genus of suckermouth armored catfish native to South America.	Cordylancistrus	genus
taxon rank	Trema orientalis is a species of flowering tree in the hemp family, Cannabaceae.	Trema orientalis	species
taxon rank	Echmatemys is an extinct genus of geoemydid turtle from the Eocene of North America.	Echmatemys	genus
taxon rank	Naesiotus pilsbryi is a species of tropical air-breathing land snail, a pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Orthalicidae.	Naesiotus pilsbryi	species
taxon rank	Trichomecyna fuscovittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichomecyna.	Trichomecyna fuscovittata	species
taxon rank	Anisophyllea is a genus of plant in the family Anisophylleaceae.	Anisophyllea	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus cubanus is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family found in Cuba.	Eleutherodactylus cubanus	species
taxon rank	Iravadiidae is a family of minute sea snails, marine gastropod molluscs in the superfamily Rissooidea and the clade Littorinimorpha.	Iravadiidae	family
taxon rank	Calathus syriacus is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily that can be found on Cyprus, in Ukraine and in southern part of Russia.	Calathus syriacus	species
taxon rank	Charaxes usambarae is a member of the large species group Charaxes etheocles.	Charaxes usambarae	species
taxon rank	The Inconspicuous Bulbophyllum (Bulbophyllum inconspicuum) is a species of orchid.	Bulbophyllum inconspicuum	species
taxon rank	Romanzoffia californica is a species of flowering plant in the borage family known by the common name California mistmaiden.	Romanzoffia californica	species
taxon rank	Pataecus fronto, the Red Indianfish, is a species of Australian prowfish endemic to the coastal waters of western and southern Australia where it occurs at depths of from 40 to 80 metres (130 to 260 ft).	Pataecus fronto	species
taxon rank	Alyxia lindii, commonly known as Alyxia Vine, is a species of climbing shrub in the Apocynaceae family.	Alyxia lindii	species
taxon rank	Justicia rizzinii is a species of flowering plant in the family Acanthaceae, native to Brazil.	Justicia rizzinii	species
taxon rank	Leuconotopicus is a genus of woodpeckers in the (family Picidae) native to North and South America.	Leuconotopicus	genus
taxon rank	Mecochirus longimanatus is an extinct species of lobster-like decapod crustacean from the Jurassic of Europe.	Mecochirus longimanatus	species
taxon rank	Pultenaea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae-Faboideae that are native to Australia.	Pultenaea	genus
taxon rank	Heterocyclus perroquini is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae.	Heterocyclus perroquini	species
taxon rank	Heterocharax is a genus of characins from South America, with three currently described species:	Heterocharax	genus
taxon rank	Saurosphargis is an extinct genus of a basal marine reptile, saurosphargid, known from the Middle Triassic (Anisian age) of southwestern Poland and eastern Netherlands.	Saurosphargis	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Hobapromea cleta, which is found in Australia (Queensland).	Hobapromea	species
taxon rank	Bolboporites is an extinct genus of conical echinoderm that lived in the Ordovician of Europe and North America.	Bolboporites	genus
taxon rank	Draba aizoides is a species of Draba, known as yellow whitlow-grass.	Draba aizoides	species
taxon rank	Lyophyllum is a genus of about 40 species of fungi, widespread in north temperate regions.	Lyophyllum	genus
taxon rank	The Laelapidae are a family of mites in the order Mesostigmata.	Laelapidae	family
taxon rank	Lophophora diffusa, commonly known as false peyote, is a species of plant in the Cactaceae family and one of the only two species in the Lophophora genus.	Lophophora diffusa	species
taxon rank	Ceroxys similis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ceroxys of the family Ulidiidae.	Ceroxys similis	species
taxon rank	Gossypium is the cotton genus.	Gossypium	genus
taxon rank	Parenchelyurus hepburni, Hepburn's blenny or the Bluespotted blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the Pacific and Indian ocean.	Parenchelyurus hepburni	species
taxon rank	Austrostipa is a primarily Australian genus of plants in the grass family, commonly called speargrass.	Austrostipa	genus
taxon rank	Cantharidus antipoda puysegurensis is a subspecies of marine gastropod mollusc in the family Trochidae, the top shells.	Cantharidus antipoda puysegurensis	subspecies
taxon rank	Maylandia hajomaylandi is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi where it is only known from around Chisumulu Island.	Maylandia hajomaylandi	species
taxon rank	Scleroderma citrinum, commonly known as the common earthball, pigskin poison puffball, or common earth ball, is the most common species of earthball in the UK and occurs widely in woods, heathland and in short grass from Autumn to Winter.	Scleroderma citrinum	species
taxon rank	Thelephora anthocephala is a species of coral fungus in the family Thelephoraceae.	Thelephora anthocephala	species
taxon rank	Pyura spinifera, commonly called the sea tulip, is a species of sessile ascidian that lives in coastal waters at depths of up to 80 m (260 feet).	Pyura spinifera	species
taxon rank	Carex phaeocephala is a species of sedge known by the common name dunhead sedge.	Carex phaeocephala	species
taxon rank	Macrocyclops albidus is a larvivorous copepod species.	Macrocyclops albidus	species
taxon rank	Sericomyia militaris is a North American species of flower fly or hoverfly.	Sericomyia militaris	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Plurisperma dalbergiae.	Plurisperma	species
taxon rank	Cypella elegans is a herbaceous plant species in the genus Cypella endemic to Jujuy Province in northwestern Argentina .	Cypella elegans	species
taxon rank	Oligopygoida is an extinct order of irregular echinoids.	Oligopygoida	order
taxon rank	Aphonopelma paloma, or the Paloma dwarf, is a species of spider belonging to the family Theraphosidae.	Aphonopelma paloma	species
taxon rank	Axinandra zeylanica is a species of plant in the Crypteroniaceae family.	Axinandra zeylanica	species
taxon rank	Uvularia puberula, the mountain bellwort, is a plant species native to the eastern United States.	Uvularia puberula	species
taxon rank	Ehrharta calycina is a species of grass known by the common names perennial veldtgrass and purple veldtgrass.	Ehrharta calycina	species
taxon rank	Plagiolepis ampeloni is a species of ant in genus Plagiolepis.	Plagiolepis ampeloni	species
taxon rank	Paraenhydrocyon josephi (``beside Enhydrocyon'') is an extinct species of the genus Paraenhydrocyon, a somewhat small bone crushing omnivorous mammal similar to a dog of the family Canidae which inhabited North America during the Oligocene living from 33.3--20.6 Ma and existed for approximately 12.7 million years.	Paraenhydrocyon josephi	species
taxon rank	Salix orestera is a species of willow known by the common name Sierra willow, or gray-leafed Sierra willow.	Salix orestera	species
taxon rank	Paysonia lyrata is a rare species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name lyreleaf bladderpod.	Paysonia lyrata	species
taxon rank	Protonibea diacanthus, commonly known as the blackspotted croaker, is a species of fish native to the Indo-Pacific region.	Protonibea diacanthus	species
taxon rank	Ficus religiosa or sacred fig is a species of fig native to Indian subcontinent, south-west China and Indochina.	Ficus religiosa	species
taxon rank	Papilio pelodurus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Malawi, Tanzania and Zambia.	Papilio pelodurus	species
taxon rank	The Baer pugolovka (Benthophilus baeri) is a species of goby widespread in the southern and central Caspian Sea, to Lenkoran in south.	Baer pugolovka	species
taxon rank	Argidae is a large family of sawflies, containing some 800 species worldwide, primarily in tropical regions.	Argidae	family
taxon rank	Rhododendron lapponicum (Lapland rosebay, 高山杜鹃) is a rhododendron species found in subarctic regions around the world, where it grows at altitudes ranging from sea level to 1900 meters.	Rhododendron lapponicum	species
taxon rank	Carabus alexandrae subidolon is a subspecies of beetle from Carabidae family that is endemic to Gansu, China.	Carabus alexandrae subidolon	subspecies
taxon rank	Enriquebeltrania crenatifolia is a plant species of the family Euphorbiaceae endemic to the Yucatán Peninsula in Southeastern Mexico (States of Campeche, Quintana Roo, and Yucatán).	Enriquebeltrania crenatifolia	species
taxon rank	Chamaesipho columna is the type species for the barnacle genus Chamaesipho.	Chamaesipho columna	species
taxon rank	Mallotus pleiogynus is a species of the spurge family (Euphorbiaceae).	Mallotus pleiogynus	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris crassirhizoma is a fern species in the genus Dryopteris.	Dryopteris crassirhizoma	species
taxon rank	Galium microphyllum (bracted bedstraw) is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.	Galium microphyllum	species
taxon rank	The Strickland's woodpecker (Leuconotopicus stricklandi) is a medium-sized species of woodpecker endemic to Mexico.	Strickland's woodpecker	species
taxon rank	Microtralia insularis is a species of minute air-breathing land snail, a marine pulmonate gastropod mollusc in the family Ellobiidae.	Microtralia insularis	species
taxon rank	This is a monotypic genus, containing the single species Endoscypha perforans.	Endoscypha	species
taxon rank	Prenanthella is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the daisy family containing the single species Prenanthella exigua, which is known by the common name brightwhite.	Prenanthella	species
taxon rank	The Junín canastero (Asthenes virgata) is a species of bird in the Furnariidae family.	Junín canastero	species
taxon rank	Kurtus indicus, the Indian humphead, is a species of nurseryfish native to fresh, brackish, and marine waters of the coastal regions of southern Asia from India to southeast China and Indonesia.	Kurtus indicus	species
taxon rank	Chaetodon guentheri or the Crotchet butterflyfish is a fish species in the genus Chaetodon, and is native to The western pacific ocean near Taiwan.	Chaetodon guentheri	species
taxon rank	Cariblatta lutea is a small species of cockroach native to the United States and other countries, measuring usually around 7 millimeters long as an adult and under 2 millimeters from head tip to abdomen tip at the 1st instar or hatchling.	Cariblatta lutea	species
taxon rank	Densignathus is an extinct genus of early tetrapod from the Late Devonian of Pennsylvania in the United States.	Densignathus	genus
taxon rank	Taphozous is a genus of sac-winged bat - one commonly called a tomb bat - in the family Emballonuridae.	Taphozous	genus
taxon rank	Diectomis is a genus of tropical plants in the grass family.	Diectomis	genus
taxon rank	Campanula cochleariifolia (also Campanula cochlearifolia), common name earleaf bellflower or fairy's-thimble, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Campanula of the family Campanulaceae, native to the Pyrenees, Alps, and Carpathian Mountains of Central Europe.	Campanula cochleariifolia	species
taxon rank	Rhododendron watsonii (无柄杜鹃) is a rhododendron species native to southern Gansu and western Sichuan in China, where it grows at altitudes of 2500--3000 meters.	Rhododendron watsonii	species
taxon rank	Columnaria is an extinct genus of rugose coral that lived from the Late Ordovician to the Late Devonian.	Columnaria	genus
taxon rank	Pradosia decipiens is a species of plant in the Sapotaceae family endemic to Brazil.	Pradosia decipiens	species
taxon rank	Clematis socialis is a rare species of flowering plant in the buttercup family known by the common name Alabama leather flower.	Clematis socialis	species
taxon rank	Paphinia lindeniana is a species of orchid native to Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Peru and possibly Guyana.	Paphinia lindeniana	species
taxon rank	Lygosoma is a genus of lizards, commonly known as writhing skinks, which are members of the family Scincidae.	Lygosoma	genus
taxon rank	Bryonympha silvana is a moth of the Immidae family and only species in the Bryonympha genus.	Bryonympha	species
taxon rank	Paeonia kesrouanensis is a species of peony native to Syria, Turkey and Lebanon.	Paeonia kesrouanensis	species
taxon rank	Tremarctos is a genus of the family Ursidae, subfamily Tremarctinae endemic to Americas from the Pliocene to recent.	Tremarctos	genus
taxon rank	Elapsoidea is a genus of venomous elapid snakes commonly known as venomous garter snakes or African garter snakes.	Elapsoidea	genus
taxon rank	Synoplotherium (also known as ``Dromocyon'') is an extinct genus of relatively small, wolf-like mesonychids that lived 50 million years ago, in what is now Wyoming.	Synoplotherium	genus
taxon rank	Pitcairnia devansayana is a species of plant in the Bromeliaceae family.	Pitcairnia devansayana	species
taxon rank	Hibbertopterus is a genus of giant sea scorpion (order Eurypterida) that inhabited the swamps of Scotland during the Carboniferous.	Hibbertopterus	genus
taxon rank	Hoplophorus was an extinct genus of glyptodont, a family of mammals related to armadillo.	Hoplophorus	genus
taxon rank	Nebria nudicollis is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that is endemic to Algeria.	Nebria nudicollis	species
taxon rank	The Two-humped Dendrobium (Dendrobium bigibbum) is a species of orchid.	Dendrobium bigibbum	species
taxon rank	Parcoblatta zebra, the banded wood cockroach, is a species of Parcoblatta native to the United States.	Parcoblatta zebra	species
taxon rank	Scalopodontes is an extinct genus of therocephalian which existed in Russia during the upper Permian period.	Scalopodontes	genus
taxon rank	Clupanodon thrissa, the Chinese gizzard shad , is a species of gizzard shad occurring from Korea to Thailand and possibly the Philippines.	Clupanodon thrissa	species
taxon rank	Xyliphius lepturus is a species of banjo catfish found in Colombia, Ecuador and Venezuela where it can be found in the upper Amazon and Orinoco River basins.	Xyliphius lepturus	species
taxon rank	Allobates mcdiarmidi (common name: McDiarmid's rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Aromobatidae family.	Allobates mcdiarmidi	species
taxon rank	Gyroscala lamellosa, common name : the lamellose wentletrap, is a species of medium-sized predatory sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Epitoniidae, the wentletraps.	Gyroscala lamellosa	species
taxon rank	Platykotta akaina is a species of decapod crustacean from the Triassic of the United Arab Emirates.	Platykotta	species
taxon rank	Herina frondescentiae is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae It is wetland species of about 3--4 millimetres (0.12--0.16 in) in length.	Herina frondescentiae	species
taxon rank	Poa infirma is a species of grass known by the common names early meadow-grass and weak bluegrass.	Poa infirma	species
taxon rank	Aquifex is a genus of bacteria, one of the few in the phylum Aquificae.	Aquifex	genus
taxon rank	Mesorhizobium plurifarium is a species of root nodule bacteria first isolated from Acacia species in Senegal.	Mesorhizobium plurifarium	species
taxon rank	Aeshna viridis, the green hawker, is a species of dragonfly in the family Aeshnidae.	Aeshna viridis	species
taxon rank	Chrysothamnus viscidiflorus is a North American species of shrub in the daisy family known by the common names yellow rabbitbrush and green rabbitbrush.	Chrysothamnus viscidiflorus	species
taxon rank	Heteropogon is a genus of annual and perennial plants in the grass family known generally as tangleheads, widespread primarily in tropical and subtropical regions.	Heteropogon	genus
taxon rank	Brodiaea santarosae is a rare Brodiaea species known by the common name Santa Rosa brodiaea and Santa Rosa Basalt brodiaea.	Brodiaea santarosae	species
taxon rank	Porcellana sayana is a species of porcelain crab that lives in the western Atlantic Ocean, often as a commensal of hermit crabs.	Porcellana sayana	species
taxon rank	Froesia gereauana is a plant species endemic to the State of Amazonas in southern Venezuela.	Froesia gereauana	species
taxon rank	Palaeochiropteryx (/ˌpæliːoʊkaɪˈrɒptərɨks/ PAL-ee-oh-ky-ROP-tər-iks) is an extinct genus of bat from the Middle Eocene of Europe.	Palaeochiropteryx	genus
taxon rank	Vasum cassiforme, common name the helmet vase, is a species of medium to large sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae.	Vasum cassiforme	species
taxon rank	Amphoricarpos is a genus of flowering plants in the daisy family described as a genus in 1847.	Amphoricarpos	genus
taxon rank	Hallaxa decorata is a species of sea slug or dorid nudibranch, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Actinocyclidae.	Hallaxa decorata	species
taxon rank	Nocardia farcinica is a species of bacteria and a member of the genus Nocardia.	Nocardia farcinica	species
taxon rank	Mystus nigriceps, the two-spot catfish, is a species of catfish of the family Bagridae.	Mystus nigriceps	species
taxon rank	Parapolytretus rugosus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parapolytretus.	Parapolytretus rugosus	species
taxon rank	Struthiosaurinae is a subfamily of ankylosaurian dinosaurs from the Cretaceous of Europe.	Struthiosaurinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Latirus gibbulus, common name the gibbose latirus, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fasciolariidae, the spindle snails, the tulip snails and their allies.	Latirus gibbulus	species
taxon rank	Haplothrips is a genus of Phlaeothripid thrips.	Haplothrips	genus
taxon rank	Herreriopsis is a genus of one species of flowering plants, endemic to Madagascar.	Herreriopsis	genus
taxon rank	Poirieria zelandica, common name the spiny murex, is a species of large predatory sea snail with an operculum.	Poirieria zelandica	species
taxon rank	Pachythamnus is a genus of Mesoamerican flowering plants in the boneset tribe within the sunflower family.	Pachythamnus	genus
taxon rank	Epinephelus labriformis, commonly called starry grouper or flag cabrilla among various other vernacular names, is a species of marine fish in the family Serranidae.	Epinephelus labriformis	species
taxon rank	Lysicarpus is a genus of tree in the family Myrtaceae described as a genus in 1858.	Lysicarpus	genus
taxon rank	Asteroxylon (``star-shaped xylem'') is an extinct genus of plants of the Division Lycopodiophyta known from anatomically preserved specimens in an Early Devonian deposit of chert at Rhynie, Aberdeenshire in North-East Scotland that has been dated at 396 ± 8 million years ago.	Asteroxylon	genus
taxon rank	Kleinia galpinii is a species of the genus Kleinia and family Asteraceae.	Kleinia galpinii	species
taxon rank	Harpa harpa, common name the true harp, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Harpidae, the harp snails.	Harpa harpa	species
taxon rank	Jarilinus is an extinct genus of chroniosuchid reptiliomorph from upper Permian (upper Tatarian age) deposits of Novgorod and Orenburg Region, Russia.	Jarilinus	genus
taxon rank	Cinara confinis, the black stem aphid, is a species of aphid in the genus Cinara, found feeding on the twigs of various species of fir (Abies) and on several other species of coniferous trees.	Cinara confinis	species
taxon rank	Typhlops is a genus of blind snakes found in Europe, Africa, Asia and Central and South America.	Typhlops	genus
taxon rank	Pinicola is a genus of ``grosbeaks'' of the finch family, Fringillidae, containing a single species, the pine grosbeak (Pinicola enucleator).	Pinicola	genus
taxon rank	Bistorta officinalis, commonly known as bistort or European bistort, is a species of flowering plants in the dock family Polygonaceae, previously included in the genera Polygonum or Persicaria.	Bistorta officinalis	species
taxon rank	Primapus is an extinct genus of apodiform bird from the Early Eocene of the United Kingdom.	Primapus	genus
taxon rank	Calloodes grayianus, the Golden bordered beetle, is a species of shining leaf chafers belonging to the Scarabaeidae family.	Calloodes grayianus	species
taxon rank	Naravelia laurifolia is a species of vine in the Ranunculaceae family.	Naravelia laurifolia	species
taxon rank	Ferocactus glaucescens (glaucous barrel cactus) is a species of flowering plant in the family Cactaceae.	Ferocactus glaucescens	species
taxon rank	Dermacentor albipictus, the winter tick, is a species of hard tick that is an external parasite of moose (Alces alces) in North America.	Dermacentor albipictus	species
taxon rank	Labrisomus xanti, the Largemouth blenny, is a species of labrisomid blenny native to the Pacific coast of Mexico from Sebastián Vizcaíno Bay, Baja California to Bahía Tenacatita, Jalisco.	Labrisomus xanti	species
taxon rank	Benthophilus casachicus is a species of goby widespread along the eastern coasts of the Caspian Sea from the Cape Pischanyi to Ogurja Ada at south, also near Astrakhan.	Benthophilus casachicus	species
taxon rank	Cychrus attenuatus is a species of beetle from a Carabidae family, that is endemic to Europe.	Cychrus attenuatus	species
taxon rank	Chrysomya villeneuvi, or Hairy Maggot, is a South East Asian fly species of forensic importance because the Hairy maggots of this species have been collected from human corpses.	Chrysomya villeneuvi	species
taxon rank	Temnothorax americanus is a species of slave-maker ant in the genus Temnothorax.	Temnothorax americanus	genus
taxon rank	Risor ruber, the Tusked goby, is a species of goby native to reefs of the western Atlantic Ocean from southern Florida to the Bahamas and south to northern Brazil.	Risor ruber	species
taxon rank	Gastrochilus kadooriei is a species of Gastrochilus.	Gastrochilus kadooriei	species
taxon rank	Beaufortia polylepis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Beaufortia.	Beaufortia polylepis	species
taxon rank	Assiminea palauensis is a species of minute, salt marsh snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk, or micromollusks, in the family Assimineidae.	Assiminea palauensis	species
taxon rank	Anoda is a genus of flowering plants in the mallow family.	Anoda	genus
taxon rank	The Cicadinae are a subfamily of cicadas, containing the translucent cicadas.	Cicadinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Scirpus congdonii is a species of flowering plant in the sedge family known by the common name Congdon's bulrush after noted Californian botanist J.W. Congdon.	Scirpus congdonii	species
taxon rank	Nidularium scheremetiewii is a species of bromeliad in the genus Nidularium.	Nidularium scheremetiewii	species
taxon rank	Acrobasis sylviella, the ironwood tubemaker moth, is a species of snout moth in the genus Acrobasis.	Acrobasis sylviella	species
taxon rank	Labeo alluaudi is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae, the carps and minnows.	Labeo alluaudi	species
taxon rank	Iotrochota birotulata, the green finger sponge, is a species of demosponge in the phylum Porifera.	Iotrochota birotulata	species
taxon rank	Champsosaurus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile belonging to the order Choristodera.	Champsosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces albiflavescens is a bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from soil from rainforest areas in the Yunnan Province in the south west of China.	Streptomyces albiflavescens	species
taxon rank	Picea neoveitchii (Chinese: 大果青扦) is a species of conifer in the Pinaceae family.	Picea neoveitchii	species
taxon rank	Lachenalia reflexa, commonly known as yellow soldier, is species of the genus Lachenalia native to South Africa.	Lachenalia reflexa	species
taxon rank	Herina paludum is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae found in most of Europe.	Herina paludum	species
taxon rank	Taphrina deformans infects species of the genus Prunus (including P. amygdalus (almond) and P. persica (peach)).	Taphrina deformans	species
taxon rank	Psalteriomonas is a genus of amoebae in the group of Heterolobosea.	Psalteriomonas	genus
taxon rank	The type species is Lonchognathosaurus acutirostris.	Lonchognathosaurus	species
taxon rank	Afropsipyla pictella is a species of snout moth in the genus Afropsipyla.	Afropsipyla pictella	species
taxon rank	The Jagath Gunawardena's shrub frog, (Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai) is a species of frog in the Rhacophoridae family, endemic to Sri Lanka.	Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai	species
taxon rank	Hoshihananomia transsylvanica is a species of beetle in the Hoshihananomia genus that is in the Mordellidae family, which is a part of the Tenebrionoidea superfamily.	Hoshihananomia transsylvanica	species
taxon rank	Myrmica lonae is a species of ants distributed across South, Central and North Europe, East Europe, Asia Minor, the Caucasus, West Siberian Plain and Northern Kazakhstan.	Myrmica lonae	species
taxon rank	Coelioxys rufitarsis is a species of leaf-cutting bee in the subgenus Boreocoelioxys within the genus Coelioxys.	Coelioxys rufitarsis	species
taxon rank	Zabrus aegaeus is a species ground beetle in the Pterostichinae subfamily that is endemic to Greece.	Zabrus aegaeus	species
taxon rank	Stachys manantlanensis is a plant species endemic to the Mexican State of Jalisco.	Stachys manantlanensis	species
taxon rank	Ventichthys biospeedoi, the East Pacific vent-brotula, is a species of cusk-eel found around thermal vents on the SouthEast Pacific Rise at depths of about 2,586 metres (8,484 ft) This species grows to a length of 28.2 centimetres (11.1 in) SL.	Ventichthys biospeedoi	species
taxon rank	Quercus vulcanica, the Kasnak Oak, is a rare Turkish species of tree found only in a few locations in western and south-central Turkey.	Quercus vulcanica	species
taxon rank	Hygrophorus nemoreus is an edible species of fungus in the genus Hygrophorus.	Hygrophorus nemoreus	species
taxon rank	Papilio mechowianus is a species of swallowtail butterfly from the genus Papilio that is found in Angola and Congo Republic.	Papilio mechowianus	species
taxon rank	Anisocarpus is a genus of flowering plants in the tarweed tribe within the daisy family.	Anisocarpus	genus
taxon rank	It was described by Kielan in 1960, and the type species in Eodindymene pulchra, which was originally described under the genus Dindymene by Olin in 1906.	Eodindymene	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single species Birgorima pulchripicta, which is found in Sarawak.	Birgorima	species
taxon rank	Tetronarce macneilli also known as the Shortail torpedo is a species of large electric ray.	Tetronarce macneilli	species
taxon rank	Lachesilla rossica is a rare psocopteran species described from Southern Russia.	Lachesilla rossica	species
taxon rank	Tegula lividomaculata, common name the West Indian tegula, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Tegulidae.	Tegula lividomaculata	species
taxon rank	Branta thessaliensis is a prehistoric species of black goose known from fossils found in Greece.	Branta thessaliensis	species
taxon rank	Priobium is a genus of wood-boring, death-watch beetles ranging in western distribution in North America.	Priobium	genus
taxon rank	Ypsilorchis is a genus of plants endemic to southern China.	Ypsilorchis	genus
taxon rank	Albertochampsa is an extinct genus of globidontan alligatoroid from the Late Cretaceous of Alberta.	Albertochampsa	genus
taxon rank	Ruminococcus is a genus of bacteria in the class Clostridia.	Ruminococcus	genus
taxon rank	Archaeoattacus staudingeri is a species of moth in the Archaeoattacus genus found on the Malay Peninsula and on Borneo.	Archaeoattacus staudingeri	species
taxon rank	Theba arinagae is a species of land snail in the family Helicidae, the typical snails.	Theba arinagae	species
taxon rank	Marine angelfish are perciform fish of the family Pomacanthidae.	Pomacanthidae	family
taxon rank	Solidago elongata, commonly called West Coast Canada goldenrod or Cascade Canada goldenrod, is a North American species of flowering plants in the sunflower family.	Solidago elongata	species
taxon rank	Zostera novazelandica Setchell is a species of seagrass in the family Zosteraceae occurring on the shores of New Zealand.	Zostera novazelandica	species
taxon rank	Calliostoma katherina is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Calliostomatidae, the calliostoma top snails.	Calliostoma katherina	species
taxon rank	Alosternida chalybaea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, the only species in the genus Alosternida.	Alosternida	genus
taxon rank	The Sesiidae or clearwing moths are a family of the Lepidoptera in most species of which the wings partially have hardly any of the normal lepidopteran scales, leaving them transparent.	Sesiidae	family
taxon rank	Achnatherum diegoense is a species of grass known by the common name San Diego needlegrass.	Achnatherum diegoense	species
taxon rank	Cicindela albissima, commonly called the Coral Pink Sand Dunes tiger beetle is a species of tiger beetle endemic to Coral Pink Sand Dunes State Park in southern Utah, United States.	Cicindela albissima	species
taxon rank	Leucosphaerina is a genus of fungi in the Hypocreales order.	Leucosphaerina	genus
taxon rank	Paysonia stonensis (syn. Lesquerella stonensis) is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name Stones River bladderpod.	Paysonia stonensis	species
taxon rank	Amorphoscelis pulchella is a species of praying mantis found in Angola, Uganda, Zimbabwe and the Congo River region.	Amorphoscelis pulchella	species
taxon rank	Nemuroglanis is a genus of three-barbeled catfishes.	Nemuroglanis	genus
taxon rank	It contains the single genus Gasterella, which in turn contains the single species Gasterella luteophila, found in the USA.	Gasterella	genus
taxon rank	Pantosperma holochalca is a species of sedge moths, and the only species in the genus Pantosperma.	Pantosperma holochalca	species
taxon rank	Oenosaurus is an extinct genus of sphenodontian reptile from the Late Jurassic of Germany.	Oenosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Nassarius olivaceus, common name : the Olivaceous Nassa, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Nassariidae, the Nassa mud snails or dog whelks.	Nassarius olivaceus	species
taxon rank	Nolidae is a family of moths with about 1,400 described species worldwide.	Nolidae	family
taxon rank	Gracila albomarginata, the Masked Grouper, is a species of Groupers in the monotypic genus Gracila belonging to the Serranidae family.	Gracila albomarginata	species
taxon rank	Cyrtandra dentata is a rare species of flowering plant in the African violet family known by the common names mountain cyrtandra and sharp-toothed cyrtandra.	Cyrtandra dentata	species
taxon rank	The Great Eggfly (Hypolimnas bolina), also called the Blue Moon Butterfly in New Zealand or Common Eggfly, is a species of nymphalid butterfly.	Hypolimnas bolina	species
taxon rank	Euphagus is a small genus of New World blackbirds.	Euphagus	genus
taxon rank	Nebria kratteri is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Albania, Greece, Italy, and Republic of Macedonia.	Nebria kratteri	species
taxon rank	Dodia kononenkoi kononenkoi (Magadan region, Yukon territory) Dodia kononenkoi sikhotensis Tshistjakov, 1988 (Primorye: Sikhote-Alin) Dodia transbaikalensis was described as a subspecies of Dodia kononenkoi, but is now mostly treated as a full species.	Dodia kononenkoi	species
taxon rank	Eatoniella glacialis is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Eatoniellidae, the eatoniellids.	Eatoniella glacialis	species
taxon rank	Peperomia blanda, the arid-land peperomia, is a species of herb in the Piperaceae family.	Peperomia blanda	species
taxon rank	Brachyscome angustifolia (commonly known as the Stiff Daisy or Grassland Daisy) is a pink or light purple species of daisy located in Australia, with a few in New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.	Brachyscome angustifolia	species
taxon rank	Berberidopsidales is an order of Southern Hemisphere woody flowering plants.	Berberidopsidales	order
taxon rank	Erigeron grandiflorus is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common names Rocky Mountain alpine fleabane and largeflower fleabane.	Erigeron grandiflorus	species
taxon rank	Castanea mollissima (Chinese chestnut) is a member of the family Fagaceae, and a species of chestnut native to China, Taiwan, and Korea.	Castanea mollissima	species
taxon rank	It contains the single species Chrysaegliodes noliformis, which is found in Gabon.	Chrysaegliodes	species
taxon rank	Pseudoplectania nigrella, commonly known as the ebony cup, the black false plectania, or the hairy black cup, is a species of fungi in the family Sarcosomataceae.	Pseudoplectania nigrella	species
taxon rank	Lanceacheyla whartoni is a species of mite in a monotypic genus in the family Cheyletidae.	Lanceacheyla	genus
taxon rank	Chrysopa perla, known commonly as the Green Lacewing, is a species of Neuropteran belonging to the family Chrysopidae (subfamily Chrysopinae).	Chrysopa perla	species
taxon rank	Opsilia malachitica is a species of beetle from a Cerambycidae family that can be found in Algeria, Spain, Morocco, Portugal, Sicily and Tunisia.	Opsilia malachitica	species
taxon rank	The Gaoligong pika (Ochotona gaoligongensis) is a species of mammal in the family Ochotonidae.	Gaoligong pika	species
taxon rank	Benthophilus pinchuki, Pinchuk's pugolovka, is a species of gobiid fish found along the eastern and western coasts of the Caspian Sea, but absent on the middle part.	Benthophilus pinchuki	species
taxon rank	Antidesma ghaesembilla is a species of plant in the family Phyllanthaceae.	Antidesma ghaesembilla	species
taxon rank	Micropolypodium is a genus of ferns in the family Polypodiaceae.	Micropolypodium	genus
taxon rank	Catasetum planiceps is a species of orchid found from North South America to Brazil.	Catasetum planiceps	species
taxon rank	Argyrosauridae is a family of large titanosaurian dinosaurs known from the late Cretaceous period of Argentina and Egypt.	Argyrosauridae	family
taxon rank	Nannostomus eques, commonly known as the diptail or brown pencilfish, is a freshwater species of fish belonging to the Lebiasinidae family of characins.	Nannostomus eques	species
taxon rank	Pholidocarpus macrocarpus is a species of flowering plant in the family Arecaceae.	Pholidocarpus macrocarpus	species
taxon rank	Viola frank-smithii is a rare species of violet known by the common name Frank Smith's violet.	Viola frank-smithii	species
taxon rank	Mahavisaurus is an extinct genus of rhytidosteid temnospondyl from the early Triassic period (Induan stage) of Iraro, Madagascar.	Mahavisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Eleutherodactylus guanahacabibes is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family endemic to Cuba, and is named for the Guanahacabibes Peninsula.	Eleutherodactylus guanahacabibes	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum fasciculatum is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common names California buckwheat and Eastern Mojave buckwheat.	Eriogonum fasciculatum	species
taxon rank	Microstigmata is a genus of spiders in South Africa.	Microstigmata	genus
taxon rank	The species is named in honour of Mr. Jari-Pekka Kaitila, who was the first to recognize that the specimens representing Teleiodes kaitilai, are not conspecific with Teleiodes saltuum.	Teleiodes kaitilai	species
taxon rank	Dryopteris arguta, with the common name coastal woodfern, is a species of wood fern.	Dryopteris arguta	species
taxon rank	Croton guatemalensis, known as Copalchi, is a plant species of the genus Croton.	Croton guatemalensis	species
taxon rank	The Sumatran shrewlike mouse (Mus crociduroides) is a species of mouse.	Sumatran shrewlike mouse	species
taxon rank	Glycymeris decussata, or the decussate bittersweet, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Glycymerididae.	Glycymeris decussata	species
taxon rank	Paraspirifer is a genus of large brachiopods (up to about 7.5 centimetres or 3.0 inches) that lived during the late Lower and Middle Devonian in what now are Germany, Spain, Morocco and the United States (New York State and Ohio).	Paraspirifer	genus
taxon rank	Sagittaria rigida, the sessilefruit arrowhead or Canadian arrowhead, is an aquatic plant species native to Canada and to the United States and also naturalized in Great Britain.	Sagittaria rigida	species
taxon rank	Amphisbaena heathi, also known as Heath's worm lizard, is a worm lizard species in the genus Amphisbaena.	Amphisbaena heathi	species
taxon rank	Dinapate wrightii, also known as the Giant Palm Borer, is the largest species in the beetle family Bostrichidae, and sometimes a pest of palm trees, especially Washingtonia filifera and Washingtonia robusta.	Dinapate wrightii	species
taxon rank	Emblemaria diphyodontis, the Venezuelan blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found around Cubagua Island, Venezuela, in the western Atlantic ocean.	Emblemaria diphyodontis	species
taxon rank	Ceratomantis yunnanensis is a species of praying mantis native to China that was undiscovered until 1986.	Ceratomantis yunnanensis	species
taxon rank	Camellia chrysantha, the golden camellia, is a species of plant in the Theaceae family.	Camellia chrysantha	species
taxon rank	Struthiolaria papulosa, common name the ``ostrich foot snail'' or ``ostrich foot shell'', is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Struthiolariidae.	Struthiolaria papulosa	species
taxon rank	Caecum armoricum, common name the DeFolin's lagoon snail, is a species of minute sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Caecidae.	Caecum armoricum	species
taxon rank	Ericusa fulgetrum, the Lightning Volute, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Volutidae, the volutes.	Ericusa fulgetrum	species
taxon rank	The Bahir's fan-throated lizard (Sitana bahiri) is an endemic species of agamid lizard recently found from Sri Lanka.	Sitana bahiri	species
taxon rank	Schinopsis brasiliensis is a species of flowering plant in the cashew family known by the common names baraúna or braúna, quebracho, and chamacoco.	Schinopsis brasiliensis	species
taxon rank	Bondarzewia is a widely distributed genus of fungi in the family Bondarzewiaceae.	Bondarzewia	genus
taxon rank	Marina parryi is a species of flowering plant in the legume family known by the common name Parry's false prairie-clover.	Marina parryi	species
taxon rank	Bossiaea bracteosa, commonly known as mountain leafless bossiaea, is a species of flowering plant in the pea family, Fabaceae.	Bossiaea bracteosa	species
taxon rank	Cylindrocline is a genus of flowering plant in the sunflower family.	Cylindrocline	genus
taxon rank	The genus is monospecific, and the single species is Pedinella hexacostata Vysotskij.	Pedinella	genus
taxon rank	Hesperomeles obtusifolia is a species of plant native to South America.	Hesperomeles obtusifolia	species
taxon rank	Aeranthes, abbreviated Aerth in the horticultural trade, is an orchid genus with 47 species, mostly from shady, tropical humid forests in Zimbabwe, Madagascar and islands in the Western Indian Ocean.	Aeranthes	genus
taxon rank	Allium abbasii is a species of onion native to Iran.	Allium abbasii	species
taxon rank	Paconius corniculatus is a species of snout moth, and the only species in the genus Paconius.	Paconius corniculatus	species
taxon rank	Scaphiophis is a genus of African snakes.	Scaphiophis	genus
taxon rank	The Bactrodinae are a small subfamily of the reduviid (assassin bugs).	Bactrodinae	subfamily
taxon rank	Bihunichthys monopteroides is a species of spineless eel native to Indonesia & Malaysia.	Bihunichthys monopteroides	species
taxon rank	Vallonia suevica is a species of small, air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial, pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Valloniidae.	Vallonia suevica	species
taxon rank	Caprimulgus is a large and very widespread genus of nightjars, medium-sized nocturnal birds with long pointed wings, short legs and short bills.	Caprimulgus	genus
taxon rank	Gregariella coralliophaga, or the artist's mussel, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Mytilidae.	Gregariella coralliophaga	species
taxon rank	Epiphyllum crenatum, the Crenate Orchid Cactus, is a species of cactus and one of the most important parents in creating the Epiphyllum-hybrids commonly cultivated throughout the world.	Epiphyllum crenatum	species
taxon rank	Crangonoidea is a superfamily of shrimp containing the two families Crangonidae and Glyphocrangonidae.	Crangonoidea	superfamily
taxon rank	Palaeoniscum is an extinct genus of ray-finned fish from the Permian period of Europe and North America.	Palaeoniscum	genus
taxon rank	The Chinese bush warbler (Locustella tacsanowskia) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family.	Chinese bush warbler	species
taxon rank	Streptanthus gracilis is an uncommon species of flowering plant in the mustard family known by the common name alpine jewelflower.	Streptanthus gracilis	species
taxon rank	Orsonwelles graphicus is a species of linyphiid spider endemic to the Big Island of Hawaii.	Orsonwelles graphicus	species
taxon rank	Styelidae is a family of ascidian tunicates.	Styelidae	family
taxon rank	Diictodon was a genus of therapsid, roughly 45 cm (18 inches) long.	Diictodon	genus
taxon rank	Pleurobema sintoxia, common name the Round Pigtoe, is a species of freshwater mussel, an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae, the river mussels.	Pleurobema sintoxia	species
taxon rank	Pastilla dacuna is a species of freshwater crab in the family Parathelphusidae.	Pastilla dacuna	species
taxon rank	Dichoptera is a genus of plant-hoppers found in tropical Asia.	Dichoptera	genus
taxon rank	The Megophryidae (commonly known as the litter frogs) are a large family of frogs native to the warm southeast of Asia, from the Himalayan foothills eastwards, south to Indonesia and the Greater Sunda Islands in Maritime Southeast Asia, and extending to the Philippines.	Megophryidae	family
taxon rank	Atelopus onorei is a small species of bright yellow and green toad in the family Bufonidae.	Atelopus onorei	species
taxon rank	It was formerly treated as a subspecies of the white-crested laughingthrush (G. leucolophus), but unlike that species the plumage of the Sumatran laughingthrush is blackish-brown and white.	Sumatran laughingthrush	species
taxon rank	Anelosimus pratchetti is a species of tangle-web spider found in New South Wales, Australia.	Anelosimus pratchetti	species
taxon rank	The genus Catopsbaatar was named by Zofia Kielan-Jaworowska in 1974 and 1994 based on a single species.	Catopsbaatar	species
taxon rank	Fejervarya triora is a species of frog belonging to the family Dicroglossidae.	Fejervarya triora	species
taxon rank	Peritrichocera tsilaosa is a species of moth in the Carposinidae family.	Peritrichocera tsilaosa	species
taxon rank	Citrus wintersii, the Brown River finger lime, is a plant species native to the Brown River region in Papua-New Guinea.	Citrus wintersii	species
taxon rank	Oryzomys peninsulae, also known as the Lower California rice rat, is a species of rodent from western Mexico.	Oryzomys peninsulae	species
taxon rank	Xenocalamus bicolor, or the slender quill-snouted snake, is a species of venomous rear-fanged snake in the family Atractaspididae.	Xenocalamus bicolor	species
taxon rank	Phronima sedentaria is a species of amphipod crustacean found in oceans at a depth of up to 1 km (0.6 mi).	Phronima sedentaria	species
taxon rank	Simolestes (meaning ``hearkening thief'') is an extinct pliosaurid genus that lived in the Middle to Late Jurassic.	Simolestes	genus
taxon rank	Sanicula tuberosa is a species of flowering plant in the parsley family known by the common name turkey pea.	Sanicula tuberosa	species
taxon rank	Eriogonum baileyi is a species of wild buckwheat known by the common name Bailey's buckwheat.	Eriogonum baileyi	species
taxon rank	Borojevia tetrapodifera is a species of calcareous sponge in the genus Borojevia from New Zealand.	Borojevia tetrapodifera	species
taxon rank	Trachycarpus is a genus of nine species of palms native to Asia, from the Himalaya east to eastern China.	Trachycarpus	genus
taxon rank	Ucides is a genus of mangrove crabs in the monotypic family Ucididae, containing two species:	Ucides	species
taxon rank	Parhecyra costata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parhecyra.	Parhecyra costata	species
taxon rank	Eotitanosuchidae is an extinct family of biarmosuchian therapsids.	Eotitanosuchidae	family
taxon rank	The African lungfishes are the genus Protopterus and constitute the four species of lungfish found in Africa.	Protopterus	genus
taxon rank	Antrimpos is an extinct genus of crustacean which existed during the Triassic and Jurassic periods.	Antrimpos	genus
taxon rank	Steindachnerina is a genus of toothless characins from South America, with 24 currently described species:	Steindachnerina	genus
taxon rank	Melpomene brevipes is a species of fern in the Polypodiaceae family.	Melpomene brevipes	species
taxon rank	The Thermoanaerobacteraceae is a highly polyphyletic family of bacteria placed within the class clostridia.	Thermoanaerobacteraceae	family
taxon rank	Petrocephalus arnegardi is a species of electric fish in the genus Petrocephalus native to the Central Congo River basin.	Petrocephalus arnegardi	species
taxon rank	It contains a single species, Yurgovuchia doellingi.	Yurgovuchia	species
taxon rank	Albizia canescens, commonly known as Belmont Siris, is a species of Albizia, endemic to Northern Australia.	Albizia canescens	species
taxon rank	Pyropelta wakefieldi is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyropeltidae.	Pyropelta wakefieldi	species
taxon rank	Vesperus serranoi is a species of beetle in the Vesperidae family that is endemic to the Iberian Peninsula.	Vesperus serranoi	species
taxon rank	Aralosaurus (meaning ``Aral Sea lizard'', because it was found in the Aral Sea - Greek sauros = lizard) was a genus of hadrosaurid dinosaur which lived during the Late Cretaceous of what is now Kazakhstan.	Aralosaurus	genus
taxon rank	The plant species Musa ingens is the physically largest member of the family Musaceae.	Musa ingens	species
taxon rank	Hierodula patellifera, common name giant Asian mantis, Asian mantis or Indochina mantis, is a species of praying mantis belonging to genus Hierodula.	Hierodula patellifera	species
taxon rank	Liotyphlops beui is a species of nonvenomous snake in the Anomalepididae family.	Liotyphlops beui	species
taxon rank	Carex lasiocarpa is a species of sedge known by the common names slender sedge and woollyfruit sedge.	Carex lasiocarpa	species
taxon rank	Mesonauta festivus, the flag cichlid, is a species of cichlid native to tropical rivers in Brazil, Peru, Paraguay and Bolivia.	Mesonauta festivus	species
taxon rank	The Inyangani river frog (Amietia inyangae) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family.	Inyangani river frog	species
taxon rank	Goodwin's broad-clawed shrew (Cryptotis goodwini) is a species of mammal in the Soricidae (Shrew) family.	Goodwin's broad-clawed shrew	species
taxon rank	Cruxicheiros (meaning ``cross hand'') is a genus of tetanuran theropod dinosaur which lived in the Middle Jurassic of England.	Cruxicheiros	genus
taxon rank	Myrmica specioides is a species of ant of the genus Myrmica.	Myrmica specioides	species
taxon rank	Nebria testacea is a species of ground beetle in the Nebriinae subfamily that can be found in Greece and Turkey.	Nebria testacea	species
taxon rank	Frasera (green gentian) is a genus in the gentian family, native to North America and named for John Fraser, a Scottish botanist and colleague of Thomas Walter.	Frasera	genus
taxon rank	Trichacalolepta mouhoti is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Trichacalolepta.	Trichacalolepta mouhoti	species
taxon rank	Delphinium hansenii is a species of larkspur known by the common names Eldorado larkspur and Hansen's delphinium.	Delphinium hansenii	species
taxon rank	Agonum texanum is a species of ground beetle from the Platyninae subfamily, that is endemic to Texas, United States.	Agonum texanum	species
taxon rank	Triphysaria eriantha is a species of flowering plant in the broomrape family, known by the common names johnny-tuck and butter-and-eggs.	Triphysaria eriantha	species
taxon rank	The Lestidae are a rather small family of cosmopolitan, large-sized, slender damselflies known commonly as the spreadwings or spread-winged damselflies.	Lestidae	family
taxon rank	Heronia is a monotypic Neotropical genus of skippers in the subfamily Eudaminae.	Heronia	genus
taxon rank	Helianthus ciliaris is a species of sunflower known by the common names Texas blueweed and yerba parda.	Helianthus ciliaris	species
taxon rank	Calosoma maderae is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae which is 25--35 millimetres (0.98--1.38 in) long.	Calosoma maderae	species
taxon rank	Bycanistes is a genus of medium to large, primarily frugivorous hornbills (family Bucerotidae) found in the forests and woodlands of Sub-Saharan Africa.	Bycanistes	genus
taxon rank	Scorzoneroides autumnalis, commonly called autumn hawkbit, is a perennial plant species, widespread in its native range in Eurasia (from Europe east to western Siberia), and introduced in North America.	Scorzoneroides autumnalis	species
taxon rank	Orogenia fusiformis is a species of flowering plants in the carrot family known by the common name California Indian potato.	Orogenia fusiformis	species
taxon rank	Geastrum quadrifidum, commonly known as the rayed earthstar or four-footed earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom belonging to the genus Geastrum, or earthstar fungi.	Geastrum quadrifidum	species
taxon rank	Calopadia editae is a species of lichen in the family Pilocarpaceae.	Calopadia editae	species
taxon rank	The type species, Fulengia youngi, was described by Carroll and Galton in 1977.	Fulengia	species
taxon rank	Quararibea is a genus of aromatic plants in the family Malvaceae.	Quararibea	genus
taxon rank	Gobius tropicus is a species of fish currently classified in the Gobiidae family.	Gobius tropicus	species
taxon rank	Clinus helenae, the Helen's klipfish, is a species of clinid that occurs in subtropical waters of the Atlantic Ocean around South Africa where it is a denizen of tide pools.	Clinus helenae	species
taxon rank	Bartholomea annulata is a species of sea anemone in the family Aiptasiidae, commonly known as the ringed anemone or corkscrew anemone.	Bartholomea annulata	species
taxon rank	Hypsoblennius caulopus, the Tidepool blenny, is a species of combtooth blenny found in coral reefs in the eastern Pacific ocean.	Hypsoblennius caulopus	species
taxon rank	Rehmannia elata (Chinese foxglove) is a species of flowering plant in the family Orobanchaceae, native to China.	Rehmannia elata	species
taxon rank	Threadfins are silvery grey perciform marine fish of the family Polynemidae.	Threadfin	family
taxon rank	Silverstoneia nubicola (Boquete rocket frog) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family.	Silverstoneia nubicola	species
taxon rank	Astelia is a genus of rhizomatous tufted perennials in the family Asteliaceae which are native to various island in the Pacific, Indian, and South Atlantic Oceans, as well as to Australia and to the southernmost tip of South America.	Astelia	genus
taxon rank	Allium punctum is a species of wild onion known by the common name dotted onion or Modoc onion.	Allium punctum	species
taxon rank	Pantolambda is an extinct genus of Paleocene pantodont mammal.	Pantolambda	genus
taxon rank	Dasycnemia naparimalis is a species of snout moth in the genus Dasycnemia.	Dasycnemia naparimalis	species
taxon rank	Viola oahuensis is a rare species of flowering plant in the violet family known by the common name Oahu violet.	Viola oahuensis	species
taxon rank	Ranunculus asiaticus (Persian buttercup) is a species of buttercup (Ranunculus) native to the eastern Mediterranean region in southwestern Asia, southeastern Europe (Crete, Karpathos and Rhodes), and northeastern Africa.	Ranunculus asiaticus	species
taxon rank	Monopsis is a genus of small, Lobelia-like herbaceous plants indigenous to Africa.	Monopsis	genus
taxon rank	Quercus glauca (syn. Cyclobalanopsis glauca), also known as ring-cupped oak, Japanese blue oak or glaucous-leaf oak, is an Asian species in the genus Quercus in the beech family.	Quercus glauca	species
taxon rank	Parapithecidae is an extinct family of primates which lived in the Eocene and Oligocene periods in Egypt.	Parapithecidae	family
taxon rank	Silvaroo is a genus of megafaunal macropods that existed in Australia in the Pleistocene.	Silvaroo	genus
taxon rank	Fluvidona orphana is a species of minute freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusc or micromollusc in the family Hydrobiidae.	Fluvidona orphana	species
taxon rank	Megacephala crucigera is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily of Carabinae that was described by Macleay in 1863, and is endemic to Australia.	Megacephala crucigera	species
taxon rank	Phasmahyla cochranae, sometimes called the chocolatefoot leaf frog, is a species of frog in the Hylidae family.	Phasmahyla cochranae	species
taxon rank	Thelesperma pubescens is a species of flowering plants in the aster family known by the common names hairy greenthread and Uinta greenthread.	Thelesperma pubescens	species
taxon rank	Side-blotched lizards are lizards of the genus Uta.	Side-blotched lizard	genus
taxon rank	Armillaria luteobubalina, commonly known as the Australian honey fungus, is a species of mushroom in the family Physalacriaceae.	Armillaria luteobubalina	species
taxon rank	Gymnocranius is a genus of emperors native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean.	Gymnocranius	genus
taxon rank	Coelogyne usitana is a species of orchid discovered in the late 1990s.	Coelogyne usitana	species
taxon rank	Opomyza florum, common name Yellow Cereal Fly or Grass Fly, is a species of acalyptrate Diptera.	Opomyza florum	species
taxon rank	Coronula diadema is a species of whale barnacle only known to live on humpback whales, and also possibly sperm whales and finback whales.	Coronula diadema	species
taxon rank	Cariua sulphurea is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cariua.	Cariua sulphurea	species
taxon rank	Paratriaenops pauliani is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae.	Paratriaenops pauliani	species
taxon rank	Lupinus diffusus (Oak Ridge lupine, spreading lupine, or sky-blue lupine) is a species of lupine native to the southeastern United States, from North Carolina south to Florida and west to Mississippi.	Lupinus diffusus	species
taxon rank	The Colorado River cutthroat trout (Oncorhynchus clarki pleuriticus) is a subspecies of cutthroat trout native only to the Green and Colorado River basins, which are west of the Continental Divide.	Colorado River cutthroat trout	subspecies
taxon rank	Agyneta birulaioides is a species of sheet weaver found in Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Russia and Mongolia.	Agyneta birulaioides	species
taxon rank	Allopaa is a small genus of frogs in the family Dicroglossidae.	Allopaa	genus
taxon rank	The Brachyceran family Vermileonidae (the sole member of the infraorder Vermileonomorpha) is a small family of uncertain affinities and unusual biology, containing fewer than 80 rare species in 10 genera.	Vermileonidae	family
taxon rank	Guaduella is a genus of African plants in the grass family, the only genus in the tribe Guaduellieae.	Guaduella	genus
taxon rank	Subarchaeopacha alberici is a moth in the Cossidae family, and the only species in the genus Subarchaeopacha.	Subarchaeopacha alberici	species
taxon rank	Duthieastrum is a genus of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae.	Duthieastrum	genus
taxon rank	Collilongus (meaning ``long neck'') is an extinct genus of small archosauriform, possibly a rauisuchian, known from Early Triassic (Olenekian age) rocks of Czatkowice 1, Poland.	Collilongus	genus
taxon rank	Dracoraptor is a genus of carnivorous neotheropod dinosaur from the Hettangian age of the Early Jurassic period of Wales.	Dracoraptor	genus
taxon rank	Brownleea is a genus of flowering plants from the orchid family, Orchidaceae, native to Africa and Madagascar.	Brownleea	genus
taxon rank	Petrophytum (orth. var. Petrophyton) is a small genus of plants in the rose family known as the rock spiraeas or rockmats.	Petrophytum	genus
taxon rank	Nemacheilus dori is a species of ray-finned fish in the Balitoridae family.	Nemacheilus dori	species
taxon rank	Mitra pudica is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae, the miters or miter snails.	Mitra pudica	species
taxon rank	Meganthribus pupa is a species of beetles belonging to the Anthribidae family.	Meganthribus pupa	species
taxon rank	Anhanguera piscator (meaning ``fishing old devil'') is a species of pterosaur known from the Early Cretaceous (Aptian age, 112Ma) Santana Formation of Brazil.	Anhanguera piscator	species
taxon rank	Tetraliidae is a family of crabs.	Tetraliidae	family
taxon rank	Adelophryne gutturosa (common name: Guiana Shield frog) is a species of frog in the family Eleutherodactylidae (formerly in Leptodactylidae).	Adelophryne gutturosa	species
taxon rank	A monotypic genus, it contains the single species Pseudolasiobolus minutissimus, described by German mycologist Reinhard Agerer in 1983.	Pseudolasiobolus	species
taxon rank	Melica uniflora, commonly known as wood melick, is a species of grass in the family Poaceae that is native to much of Europe, and to parts of South West Asia and North Africa.	Melica uniflora	species
taxon rank	Trematocara macrostoma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Tanganyika where it is known from the southern portion of the lake.	Trematocara macrostoma	species
taxon rank	Crudia zeylanica was a species of legume in the Fabaceae family.	Crudia zeylanica	species
taxon rank	Batrachosuchus is an extinct genus of temnospondyl amphibian from the Triassic of South Africa.	Batrachosuchus	genus
taxon rank	Rumex salicifolius is a species of flowering plant in the knotweed family known by the common names willow dock and willow-leaved dock.	Rumex salicifolius	species
taxon rank	Amblygobius sphynx or the Sphinx goby is a species of goby found in brackish and salt water in Thailand.	Amblygobius sphynx	species
taxon rank	Garcinia echinocarpa is a species of small to medium tree in the Clusiaceae family.	Garcinia echinocarpa	species
taxon rank	Urocitellus is a genus of ground squirrels.	Urocitellus	genus
taxon rank	Castilleja brevistyla is a species of Castilleja (Indian paintbrush) known by the common name shortstyle Indian paintbrush.	Castilleja brevistyla	species
taxon rank	Chasmanthium latifolium, known as Woodoats, Inland sea oats, Northern sea oats, and River oats is a grass native to the central and eastern United States, Manitoba, and northeastern Mexico; it grows as far north as Pennsylvania and Michigan, where it is a threatened species.	Chasmanthium latifolium	species
taxon rank	Pycnanthemum californicum is a species of flowering plant in the mint family known by the common name Sierra mint.	Pycnanthemum californicum	species
taxon rank	Tritoxa ra is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Tritoxa of the family Ulidiidae.	Tritoxa ra	species
taxon rank	Micrixalus silvaticus is a species of frog in the Micrixalidae family.	Micrixalus silvaticus	species
taxon rank	Lasiophrys latifrons is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Lasiophrys.	Lasiophrys latifrons	species
taxon rank	Merica asperella, common name the elegant nutmeg, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cancellariidae, the nutmeg snails.	Merica asperella	species
taxon rank	Morus serrata, known as Himalayan mulberry, is a species of mulberry native to the Himalaya and the mountains of southwestern China, at altitudes of up to 2300 m. It is a small deciduous tree growing to 15 m tall.	Morus serrata	species
taxon rank	Dendropanax colombianus, Mano de Oso, is an important habitat to many bird species, and promotes the settlement of other important plants such as Cedro tree (Cedrela montana) and Chuwacá tree (Prunus buxifolia), which the subsequent reforestation in the sub-páramo.	Dendropanax colombianus	species
taxon rank	Asterropteryx ensifera, known commonly as the Miller's Damsel , is a species of marine fish in the family Gobiidae.	Asterropteryx ensifera	species
taxon rank	Manicina areolata, commonly known as rose coral, is a colonial species of stony coral in the family Mussidae.	Manicina areolata	species
taxon rank	Trichopeza albocincta, is a European species of Empididae.	Trichopeza albocincta	species
taxon rank	Lasiurus is the genus comprising hairy-tailed bats.	Lasiurus	genus
taxon rank	Ophryotrocha craigsmithi is a species of polychaete worm.	Ophryotrocha craigsmithi	species
taxon rank	Aubrieta deltoidea is a species of flowering plant in the mustard family.	Aubrieta deltoidea	species
taxon rank	Eriocheir is a genus of crabs, including the Chinese mitten crab, E. sinensis.	Eriocheir	genus
taxon rank	The only species is Pararhadinaea melanogaster, sometimes known as the Madagascar burrowing snake.	Pararhadinaea	species
taxon rank	Varanops is an extinct genus of Early Permian varanopid synapsid known from Texas and Oklahoma of the United States.	Varanops	genus
taxon rank	Streptomyces alkalithermotolerans is a alkaliphilic and thermotolerant bacterium species from the genus of Streptomyces which has been isolated from the Lonar soda lake in India.	Streptomyces alkalithermotolerans	species
taxon rank	Epiplatys sexfasciatus or six-barred panchax is a species of African rivuline that can be found in West Africa.	Epiplatys sexfasciatus	species
taxon rank	Notogramma cimiciformis is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Notogramma of the family Ulidiidae.	Notogramma cimiciformis	species
taxon rank	Olivella columellaris is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae, the dwarf olives.	Olivella columellaris	species
taxon rank	Cyathophorum bulbosum, commonly known as the false fern-moss, is a species of moss in the family Hypopterygiaceae.	Cyathophorum bulbosum	species
taxon rank	Oxobacter is a genus of Gram-positive obligately anaerobic rod-shaped acetogenic bacteria.	Oxobacter	genus
taxon rank	Cyphotilapia is a small genus of cichlids endemic to Lake Tanganyika, with C. frontosa being roughly confined to the northern half of the lake and C. gibberosa being roughly confined to the southern half of the lake.	Cyphotilapia	genus
taxon rank	Navarretia nigelliformis is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name adobe navarretia.	Navarretia nigelliformis	species
taxon rank	Erigeron muirii (Muir's fleabane) is a rare Arctic species of flowering plant in the daisy family.	Erigeron muirii	species
taxon rank	Potamonautes didieri is a species of crab in the family Potamonautidae.	Potamonautes didieri	species
taxon rank	Faradaya is a genus of plants in the mint family, Lamiaceae, first described in 1865.	Faradaya	genus
taxon rank	Sabal bermudana, commonly known as the Bermuda palmetto or bibby-tree, is one of 15 species of palm trees in the genus Sabal and is endemic to Bermuda although reportedly naturalized in the Leeward Islands.	Sabal bermudana	species
taxon rank	Parrotiopsis jacquemontiana is a species of deciduous shrub or small tree in the witch hazel family, native to the western Himalayas, particularly Kashmir, Murree, Hazara, the Swat District, and Kurram, at altitudes from 1200 to 2800 meters.	Parrotiopsis jacquemontiana	species
taxon rank	Echinochimaera is an extinct genus of fish, it was assigned to the order chimaera by Jack Sepkoski in 2002.	Echinochimaera	genus
taxon rank	Solidago roanensis, the Roan Mountain goldenrod, is a North American species of goldenrod in the sunflower family.	Solidago roanensis	species
taxon rank	The only described species Malloneta guineensis is endemic to West Africa.	Malloneta	species
taxon rank	Alstroemeria pulchella is a South American species of flowering plant in the family Alstroemeriaceae.	Alstroemeria pulchella	species
taxon rank	Callipogon relictus is a species of longhorn beetle which is mostly found in the southern part of Russian Far East, but also in China and Korea.	Callipogon relictus	species
taxon rank	Eumetula pulla is a species of sea snail, a gastropod in the family Newtoniellidae.	Eumetula pulla	species
taxon rank	Helianthus maximiliani is a North American species of sunflower known by the common name Maximilian sunflower.	Helianthus maximiliani	species
taxon rank	Cleomella plocasperma is a species of flowering plant in the cleome family known by the common name twisted cleomella and alkali stinkweed.	Cleomella plocasperma	species
taxon rank	Calotomus viridescens, commonly known as the viridescent- or dotted parrotfish, is a species of parrotfish native to the waters of the Maldives, and Red Sea, from the Gulf of Aqaba to south to the Chagos Archipelago.	Calotomus viridescens	species
taxon rank	Fritillaria ussuriensis is an Asian species of herbaceous plant in the lily family, native to Korea, the Primorye Region of Russia, and northeastern China (Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning).	Fritillaria ussuriensis	species
taxon rank	Oncidium longipes is a species of orchid occurring from Brazil to northeastern Argentina.	Oncidium longipes	species
taxon rank	Chrysolina is a large genus of leaf beetles in the subfamily Chrysomelinae.	Chrysolina	genus
taxon rank	Thalassocyon tui is a species of medium-sized sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Ficidae, the fig shells.	Thalassocyon tui	species
taxon rank	The Durango mud turtle (Kinosternon durangoense) is a species of mud turtle in the Kinosternidae family endemic to Mexico.	Durango mud turtle	species
taxon rank	Pterophyllum is a small genus of freshwater fish from the family Cichlidae known to most aquarists as ``angelfish''.	Pterophyllum	genus
taxon rank	Brachionostylum is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family, Asteraceae, containing the single species Brachionostylum pullei.	Brachionostylum	species
taxon rank	Eucephalus gormanii is a North American species of flowering plant in the aster family known by the common name Gorman's aster.	Eucephalus gormanii	species
taxon rank	Aechmea maculata is an evergreen plant species in the family Bromeliaceae and the genus Aechmea.	Aechmea maculata	species
taxon rank	Cyrtillus albofasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Cyrtillus.	Cyrtillus albofasciatus	species
taxon rank	Polypedates megacephalus, the Hong Kong Whipping Frog or Spot-legged Tree Frog, is a species in the shrub frog family (Rhacophoridae).	Polypedates megacephalus	species
taxon rank	Phlyctaeniidae is an extinct family of placoderm fishes that lived during the Devonian period, mainly in Norway and North America.	Phlyctaeniidae	family
taxon rank	Horabagridae is a family of catfishes containing two genera, Horabagrus and Pseudeutropius.	Horabagridae	family
taxon rank	Chaenactis douglasii is a North American species of flowering plant in the daisy family known by the common name Douglas' dustymaiden.	Chaenactis douglasii	species
taxon rank	Ulmus laevis var. parvifolia is a mutant variety of European White Elm found exclusively on the island of Ada Ciganlija, in the Sava at Belgrade, Serbia.	Ulmus laevis var. parvifolia	variety
taxon rank	The Asian grass lizard, six-striped long-tailed lizard, or long-tailed grass lizard (Takydromus sexlineatus) is an arboreal, diurnal species of lizard.	Takydromus sexlineatus	species
taxon rank	Pamparaptor is an extinct genus of carnivorous deinonychosaur from the late Cretaceous period.	Pamparaptor	genus
taxon rank	Abramites is a genus of headstanders that occurs in South America.	Abramites	genus
taxon rank	Odostomia crassicosta, common name the thick-ribbed pyramid-shell, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Pyramidellidae, the pyrams and their allies.	Odostomia crassicosta	species
taxon rank	A single species is recognized, Glyptoteles leucacrinella.	Glyptoteles leucacrinella	species
taxon rank	Dikelocephalidae is a family of trilobites, that lived during the Upper Cambrian.	Dikelocephalidae	family
taxon rank	Conus textile, common name the Textile Cone or the cloth of gold cone is a venomous species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails, cone shells or cones.	Conus textile	species
taxon rank	Heteroclinus tristis, the Sharp-nose weedfish, is a species of clinid native to the coastal waters of southern Australia where it prefers sandy reefs with sparse vegetation.	Heteroclinus tristis	species
taxon rank	Afzelia is a genus in the subfamily Caesalpinioideae of the family Fabaceae (legumes).	Afzelia	genus
taxon rank	Acer wuyuanense is a species of maple tree in the soapberry family.	Acer wuyuanense	species
taxon rank	Artanema longifolium is an edible flowering plant species found in tropical Africa, India and South-East Asia.	Artanema longifolium	species
taxon rank	Acromantis gestri, common name Sumatran Acromantis or Thailand boxer praying mantis, is a species of praying mantis found in Malaysia and Sumatra.	Acromantis gestri	species
taxon rank	Nimbochromis polystigma is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Malawi, in the Great Rift Valley system of Africa.	Nimbochromis polystigma	species
taxon rank	Zephyranthes insularum H.H.Hume ex Moldenke (i.e. the species named by Hume) is accepted by the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families as a distinct species.	Zephyranthes insularum	species
taxon rank	The †Raphistomatidae is a taxonomic family of fossil sea snails, Paleozoic marine gastropod mollusks.	Raphistomatidae	family
taxon rank	Allium macrum, the rock onion, is an American species of wild onion native to the eastern and central parts of the US States of Oregon and Washington.	Allium macrum	species
taxon rank	Cyperus squarrosus is a species of sedge known by several common names, including bearded flatsedge and awned flatsedge.	Cyperus squarrosus	species
taxon rank	Aepisaurus (/ˌiːpɨˈsɔrəs/; derived from the Greek: αἰπεινός - 'lofty/high' and σαυρος - 'lizard', i.e. ``lofty lizard'') was a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Albian-age Lower Cretaceous Grès vert of Départment du Vaucluse, France, around 100 million years ago.	Aepisaurus	genus
taxon rank	Shafera is a genus of plants in the groundsel tribe within the sunflower family.	Shafera	genus
taxon rank	Euselates cineracea is a species of beetle belonging to the family Scarabaeidae.	Euselates cineracea	species
taxon rank	Barbus reinii is a ray-finned fish species in the family Cyprinidae.	Barbus reinii	species
taxon rank	Mimoides ariarathes is a species of butterfly in the family Papilionidae.	Mimoides ariarathes	species
taxon rank	Pagurus prideaux is a species of hermit crab in the family Paguridae.	Pagurus prideaux	species
taxon rank	Silene verecunda is a species of flowering plant in the pink family known by the common name San Francisco campion.	Silene verecunda	species
taxon rank	Eidolosaurus was a genus of mosasauroid from the Late Cretaceous period of Slovenia.	Eidolosaurus	genus
taxon rank	Aequipecten acanthodes, or the thistle scallop, is a species of bivalve mollusc in the family Pectinidae.	Aequipecten acanthodes	species
taxon rank	Volutospina is an extinct genus of fossil gastropod that lived from the Cretaceous to the Eocene in Africa, Asia, Europe, North America, and South America.	Volutospina	genus
taxon rank	Corythoichthys is a genus of pipefishes of the family Syngnathidae.	Corythoichthys	genus
taxon rank	Ophioglossum californicum, known by the common name California adder's tongue, is an uncommon species of fern in the family Ophioglossaceae.	Ophioglossum californicum	species
taxon rank	Leptotyphlops affinis, or the Venezuela blind snake, is a species of snake in the Leptotyphlopidae family.	Leptotyphlops affinis	species
taxon rank	Ark clam is the common name for a family of small to large-sized saltwater clams or marine bivalve molluscs in the family Arcidae.	Ark clam	family
taxon rank	Cotoneaster horizontalis is a species of flowering plant in the genus Cotoneaster of the family Rosaceae, native to western China.	Cotoneaster horizontalis	species
taxon rank	DNA hybridization, the total DNA-DNA relatedness of the two organisms was found to be 34.6 percent which, along with differences in phylogeny, allowed Nautilia profundicola to be classified as its own species.	Nautilia profundicola	species
taxon rank	Titanoeca quadriguttata is a species of spider in the family Titanoecidae.	Titanoeca quadriguttata	species
taxon rank	Sagittaria macrophylla, common name papa de agua, is an aquatic plant species endemic to central Mexico (States of Jalisco, Michoacán, México, Hidalgo, and the Distrito Federal), primarily in the region close to the nation's capital.	Sagittaria macrophylla	species
taxon rank	Anabarilius xundianensis is a species of ray-finned fish in the genus Alburnus, that is endemic to China.	Anabarilius xundianensis	species
taxon rank	Oregoniidae is a family of crabs, formerly included in the family Majidae.	Oregoniidae	family
taxon rank	The White-pinion Spotted (Lomographa bimaculata) is a geometer moth species (family Geometridae).	Lomographa bimaculata	species
taxon rank	Clubiona diniensis is a sac spider species found in Portugal, Spain, France and Germany.	Clubiona diniensis	species
taxon rank	Ampullaria bicarinata is an extinct species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Ampullariidae.	Ampullaria bicarinata	species
taxon rank	Pedobacter ginsengisoli is a species of bacteria first isolated from a ginseng field, hence its name.	Pedobacter ginsengisoli	species
taxon rank	Hoplocleptes humeridens is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Hoplocleptes.	Hoplocleptes humeridens	species
taxon rank	Dyckia ferruginea is a plant species in the genus Dyckia.	Dyckia ferruginea	species
taxon rank	Belonoglanis tenuis is a species of loach catfish found in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Republic of Congo where it occurs in the Congo River basin.	Belonoglanis tenuis	species
taxon rank	Ficimia publia (common name: blotched hooknose snake) is a species of colubrid snake, indigenous to southern Mexico (Yucatan, Jalisco, and Morelos), Belize, Guatemala, and Honduras.	Ficimia publia	species
taxon rank	Hexanematichthys is a genus of sea catfishes consisting of three species.	Hexanematichthys	genus
taxon rank	The Mindanao racket-tail (Prioniturus waterstradti) is a species of parrot in the Psittaculidae family.	Mindanao racket-tail	species
taxon rank	Nippia alboscutellata is a species of tephritid or fruit flies in the genus Nippia of the family Tephritidae.	Nippia alboscutellata	species
taxon rank	Lysimachia hybrida, common name Mississippi loosestrife or lowland yellow loosestrife, is a plant species widespread in much of the United States and Canada, absent only from the deserts in the west and the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions of the far north.	Lysimachia hybrida	species
taxon rank	Paraphemone multimaculata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Paraphemone.	Paraphemone multimaculata	species
taxon rank	Entimus imperialis, common name Brazilian Diamond Beetle, is a species of broad-nosed weevils belonging to the family true weevil and the Entiminae subfamily.	Entimus imperialis	species
voice type	Anne Schwanewilms (born 1967, in Gelsenkirchen, West Germany) is a German lyric soprano.	Anne Schwanewilms	soprano
