Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science is a 1965 book by Carl Gustav Hempel , regarded as one of the most important works in philosophy of science written after the Second World War .
`` New Rose Hotel '' is a short story by William Gibson , first published in 1984 in Omni and later included in his 1986 collection Burning Chrome .
`` The Hound of Heaven '' is a 182-line poem written by English poet Francis Thompson ( 1859 - -1907 ) .
Searching for Dragons is a young adult fantasy novel by Patricia Wrede , second in the Enchanted Forest Chronicles , about a young princess who lives with dragons and leads an unusual life .
A Fish in the Water ( originally published as El pez en el agua in 1993 ) , is the memoir of Peruvian writer Mario Vargas Llosa , who won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2010 .
Gandhi Under Cross Examination is a 2009 book written by G. B. Singh and Dr. Tim Watson evaluating the iconization of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi as a civil rights protagonist In 1893 Gandhi went to South Africa where , according to his own account , he was thrown off of a train on racial grounds .
Sunwing is a children 's book written in 1999 by Canadian author Kenneth Oppel .
The Mislaid Charm is a fantasy novel by author Alexander M. Phillips .
In the Year of Jubilee is the thirteenth novel by English author George Gissing .
Wonder under Water is the English - language title of German film director Leni Riefenstahl 's 1990 Wunder unter Wasser , an illustrations book of marine life .
`` The Monkey '' is a short story by Stephen King , first published in Gallery magazine in 1980 .
Storm of Steel ( in German : In Stahlgewittern , ISBN 0 - 86527 - 310 - 3 ) is the memoir of German officer Ernst Jünger 's experiences on the Western Front during the First World War .
Gnorm Gnat was an American gag - a - day comic strip by Jim Davis based on fictional insects , especially a gnat named Gnorm .
The Rhesus Chart ( 2014 ) is the fifth novel by Charles Stross in his `` Laundry '' series of Lovecraftian spy thrillers .
The Luminaries is the second novel by Eleanor Catton , published by Victoria University Press in August 2013 and Granta on 5 September 2013 .
Up Above the World is a novel by Paul Bowles first published in 1966 about an American couple -- an aging physician and his young attractive wife -- who go on a tour of Central America and are trapped by a mysterious young man whose motives remain unclear to them .
Devil of a State is a 1961 novel by Anthony Burgess based on his experience living and working in Bandar Seri Begawan in the Southeast Asian sultanate of Brunei , on the island of Borneo , in 1958 - 59 .
Hideous Kinky is an autobiographical novel by Esther Freud , daughter of British painter Lucian Freud and great - granddaughter of Sigmund Freud .
Our Sunshine is a 1991 novel about Ned Kelly by Australian writer Robert Drewe .
The Stone Key is a 2008 science fiction novel by Isobelle Carmody , set in a post apocalyptic world .
`` The Man Child '' is a 1965 short story by James Baldwin , taken from the short story collection , Going to Meet the Man .
Poetic Meter and Poetic Form is a book by Paul Fussell , published by McGraw Hill in 1965 , and later as a revised edition in 1979 ( ISBN 0 - 07 - 553606 - 4 ) .
Be Like Water ( 2008 ) is a play written by Dan Kwong , originally produced at East West Players , in association with Cedar Grove OnStage .
The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle is a historical fiction novel by the American author Avi published in 1990 .
Ring of Fire II is a 2008 anthology created by editor - author - historian Eric Flint .
Daughter of the Empire is a political fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and Janny Wurts .
Flowers for Hitler is Canadian poet and composer Leonard Cohen 's third collection of poetry , first published in 1964 by McClelland and Stewart .
Honor of the Clan is a novel by John Ringo and Julie Cochrane , and is part of the Legacy of the Aldenata series , specifically a spin - off that features Michael O'Neal 's daughters Cally and Michelle .
Plan for Chaos is a science fiction novel by John Wyndham first published in 2009 .
The Brass Check is a muckraking exposé of American journalism by Upton Sinclair published in 1919 .
The Song of Kahunsha ( ISBN 0 - 385 - 66228 - 9 ) is a novel by the Indian - Canadian novelist and playwright Anosh Irani , published in 2006 by Doubleday Canada and in 2007 in the US by Milkweed Editions .
Young Gabby Goose is a 1975 anthology of 14 animal - centered fairy tales from around the world , collected and retold by Ruth Manning - Sanders .
Al - Bayan Fi Tafsir al - Quran ( The Elucidation of the Exegesis of The Qur'an and sometimes entitled The Prolegomena to the Quran ) is a tafsir by the Shiite scholar Abu al - Qasim al - Khoei .
Jedi Twilight is the first book in Michael Reaves ' series Coruscant Nights , set in the Dark Times .
A Secular Agenda ( ISBN 81 - 900199 - 3 - 7 ) is a 1997 book by Arun Shourie .
Dragonhaven is a fantasy novel written by Robin McKinley , published by Putnam in 2007 .
You Know I Ca n't Hear You When the Water 's Running is a collection of four unrelated one - act comedy plays by Robert Anderson .
The Imaginary Invalid ( French : Le malade imaginaire ( lə malad imaʒinɛːʁ ) ) is a three - act comédie - ballet by the French playwright Molière with dance sequences and musical interludes by Marc - Antoine Charpentier .
The Border Trilogy consists of three novels by American author Cormac McCarthy :
Fourth Reich of the Rich is a book by self - styled Christian writer Des Griffin about the so - called New World Order .
The Invincible ( Polish : Niezwyciężony ) is a science fiction novel written by Stanisław Lem and published in 1964 .
Skin Folk is a story collection by writer Nalo Hopkinson .
Terminator Gene is the second book in Ian Irvine 's Eco - thriller titles .
The Ninth Man is a novel set in World War II , written by John Lee , inspired by factual events , and set in the United States .
Soft ! is a novel by British writer Rupert Thomson , written in 1998 London .
Lincoln the Unknown is a biography on Abraham Lincoln , written in 1932 by Dale Carnegie .
Walk the Wild Road , earlier titled The Road from Home , is a novel by Nigel Hinton .
The Man Who Loved Clowns is a 1992 novel by June Rae Wood about coping with mental disability in the family .
Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights is the second novel in the Tommy Storm series , written by Irish author A.J. Healy .
Grimus is a 1975 fantasy and science fiction novel by Salman Rushdie .
Etiquette & Espionage is a young adult steampunk novel by Gail Carriger .
Coffee , Tea or Me ? is a book of alleged memoirs by the fictitious stewardesses Trudy Baker and Rachel Jones , written by the initially uncredited Donald Bain and first published in 1967 .
A British Picture ( ISBN 978 - 1 - 904915 - 32 - 4 , 2008 ) is the autobiography of the English film director Ken Russell .
A Beautiful Blue Death , by Charles Finch , is the first novel in a series of mysteries featuring Victorian gentleman and amateur detective Charles Lenox .
Bersøglis- og andre Viser is a poetry collection published by Norwegian poet Per Sivle in 1895 .
The Red Gods ( French : Les dieux rouges ) is an adventure novel with elements of fantasy , written by French writer Jean d'Esme , published in 1924 .
Ravensong is a novel written by the contemporary Canadian author , Lee Maracle .
A Deadly Secret , also translated as Requiem of Ling Sing and Secret of the Linked Cities , is a wuxia novel by Jin Yong ( Louis Cha ) .
Marx and Modern Economics is a 1968 book about Karl Marx edited by David Horowitz .
The Tiger Who Came to Tea is a short children 's story , first published in 1968 , written and illustrated by Judith Kerr .
Johnny Tremain is a 1943 children 's fiction historical novel by Esther Forbes set in Boston prior to and during the outbreak of the American Revolution .
The Light of Asia , subtitled The Great Renunciation , is a book by Sir Edwin Arnold .
Asimov 's Guide to Shakespeare , by Isaac Asimov , vols I and II ( 1970 ) , ISBN 978 - 0 - 517 - 26825 - 4 ;
The Fort at River 's Bend is a 1997 historical novel by Canadian novelist Jack Whyte .
Man 's Hope ( French : L'Espoir ) is a 1937 novel by André Malraux based upon his experiences in the Spanish Civil War .
Theory of Colours ( original German title Zur Farbenlehre ) is a book by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe about the poet 's views on the nature of colours and how these are perceived by humans .
The Drowned and the Saved ( 1986 ) is a book of essays on life in the Nazi Vernichtungslager ( extermination camps ) by Italian - Jewish author and Holocaust survivor Primo Levi , drawing on his personal experience as an inmate of Auschwitz .
The London Eye Mystery is a children 's mystery novel by English author Siobhan Dowd .
Social Outsiders in Nazi Germany is a book edited by Robert Gellately and Nathan Stoltzfus .
`` What Men Live By '' is a short story written by Russian author Leo Tolstoy in 1885 .
Sharp Objects is a 2006 novel by American author Gillian Flynn and her debut novel .
Dunc 's Halloween is the fifth novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen .
The Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms , or Haiguo Tuzhi , is a 19th - century Chinese gazetteer compiled by scholar - official Wei Yuan and others , based on initial research carried out by Special Imperial Commissioner Lin Zexu .
Burning Bright is a 1950 novella by John Steinbeck written as an experiment with producing a play in novel format .
Halting State is a novel by Charles Stross , published in the United States on 2 October 2007 and in the United Kingdom in January 2008 .
Goodnight Opus ( ISBN 978 - 0 - 316 - 10853 - 9 ) is a 1993 children 's book by Berkeley Breathed featuring Opus the Penguin .
Slavery in Massachusetts is an 1854 essay by Henry David Thoreau based on a speech he gave at an anti - slavery rally at Framingham , Massachusetts , on July 4 , 1854 , after the re - enslavement in Boston , Massachusetts of fugitive slave Anthony Burns .
Photometria is a book on the measurement of light by Johann Heinrich Lambert published in 1760 .
The Legend of Drizzt is a series of fantasy novels by R. A. Salvatore that are based in the Forgotten Realms planet Abeir - Toril on the continent Faerûn .
On Heroes and Tombs ( Spanish : Sobre héroes y tumbas ) is a novel by Argentine writer Ernesto Sabato ( 1911 - -2011 ) , first published in Buenos Aires in 1961 and translated by Helen R. Lane in 1981 .
Le Père de nos pères is a novel , by Bernard Werber , released in 1998 .
The Star Trek Concordance is a reference book by Bjo Trimble about the television series Star Trek .
A Mercy is Toni Morrison 's 9th novel .
Bless Me , Ultima is a novel by Rudolfo Anaya in which his young protagonist , Antonio Márez y Luna , tells the story of his coming - of - age with the guidance of his curandera , mentor , and protector , Ultima .
The Fan Club is a novel by Irving Wallace published in 1974 about a group of young men who stalk and plan to kidnap and coerce a popular actress into having sex with them .
The Prone Gunman ( La Position du tireur couché ) is a thriller written by Jean - Patrick Manchette that was published in 1981 .
Fifty Degrees Below ( 2005 ) is the second book in the hard science fiction Science in the Capital trilogy by Kim Stanley Robinson .
Daphne du Maurier 's novel Mary Anne ( 1954 ) is a fictionalised account of the real - life story of her great - grandmother , Mary Anne Clarke née Thompson ( 1776 - 1852 ) .
Zeroville is a 2007 novel by Steve Erickson on film 's upheaval in the 1970s .
`` For the Strength of Youth '' is a pamphlet distributed by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) that `` summarizes standards from scripture and from the writings and teachings of Church leaders . ''
Britain 's Everyday Heroes is a book by former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown about thirty - three ordinary people whose willing commitment to a cause or a community has informed and inspired Brown .
The Hand of Robin Squires , written by Joan Clark , was first published in 1977 and is now available from Puffin Books .
`` Rapunzel '' ( /rəˈpʌnzəl/ ; German pronunciation : ( ʁaˈpʊnt͡səl ) ) is a German fairy tale in the collection assembled by the Brothers Grimm , and first published in 1812 as part of Children 's and Household Tales .
Forever Odd is a 2005 novel by Dean Koontz , and the sequel to Odd Thomas .
We the Living is the debut novel of the Russian American novelist Ayn Rand .
The Shwezigon Pagoda Bell Inscription ( Burmese : ရွှေစည်းခုံဘုရား ခေါင်းလောင်းစာ ) is a multi - language inscription found on the Shwezigon Pagoda Bell , donated by King Bayinnaung of Toungoo Dynasty and located at the Shwezigon Pagoda in Bagan , Burma ( Myanmar ) .
What a Week to Risk it All is ninth and last part of the What a Week series by Rosie Rushton .
A Universal History of Infamy , or A Universal History of Iniquity ( original Spanish title : Historia universal de la infamia ) , is a collection of short stories by Jorge Luis Borges , first published in 1935 , and revised by the author in 1954 .
The Jack Stapleton and Laurie Montgomery series is an ongoing series of New York Times Bestselling medical thrillers by Robin Cook that follows pathologist Jack Stapleton and his co - worker ( and later wife ) Laurie Montgomery as they attempt to solve the various mysteries that come across their path .
Wraithborn is an American comic book limited series by Joe Benitez and Marcia Chen , launched in November 2005 .
My Late Wives is a mystery novel by the American writer John Dickson Carr ( 1906 - -1977 ) , who published it under the name of Carter Dickson .
The Fudge Family in England is an 1835 epistolary verse novel by the Irish - born writer Thomas Moore .
Faithful unto Death is a work of detective fiction by Caroline Graham , the fifth in her popular Chief Inspector Barnaby series , which has been adapted into the equally successful ITV drama Midsomer Murders .
`` The Moon Moth '' is a science fiction short story by American author Jack Vance , first published in Galaxy Science Fiction ( August 1961 ) .
Stories and Texts for Nothing is a collection of stories by Samuel Beckett .
Foundling Mick ( A Lad of Grit ; French : P'tit - Bonhomme , lit . Lit'l Fellow ) is an adventure novel written by Jules Verne first published in 1893 .
John Inglesant is a celebrated historical novel by Joseph Henry Shorthouse , published in 1881 , and set mainly in the middle years of the 17th century .
`` J. Habakuk Jephson 's Statement '' is an 1884 short story by young Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
The Gum Thief is Canadian author Douglas Coupland 's twelfth novel .
Thirty Acres ( French : Trente arpents ) is a novel by Canadian writer Philippe Panneton , published under the pen name Ringuet .
The Manzai Comics ( also known as The Comedy Team ) is a manga series written by Atsuko Asano and illustrated by Hizuru Imai .
The Discourse on Reforming the Government of Florence ( Italian : Discorso sopra il riformare lo stato di Firenze ) is a 1520 work by Italian Renaissance political scientist and writer Niccolò Machiavelli .
Introduction to Psychoanalysis or Introductory Lectures on Psycho - Analysis ( German : Vorlesungen zur Einführung in die Psychoanalyse ) is a set of lectures given by Sigmund Freud 1915 - 17 ( published 1916 - 17 ) , which became the most popular and widely translated of his works .
Prisons We Choose to Live Inside is a collection of five essays by the British writer Doris Lessing , which were previously delivered as the 1985 Massey Lectures .
The Game of Chess is a book about chess written by Siegbert Tarrasch .
Eight lines of descent of John Prescott , founder of Lancaster , Massachusetts , 1645 , from Alfred the Great , King of England , 871 - 901 is a book written by genealogist Frederick Lewis Weis showing , as the title suggests , eight different genealogical lines from Alfred the Great to John Prescott .
Weep Not , Child is Kenyan author Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o 's first novel , published in 1964 under the name James Ngugi .
The Wind Is My Lover ( Swedish title : Singoalla ) is a novel by Swedish author Viktor Rydberg .
Social Theory of International Politics is an academic book by Alexander Wendt .
Breakfast with Buddha is a 2007 spiritual fiction novel by American author Roland Merullo .
Lumen fidei ( English : The Light of Faith ) is the name of the first encyclical of Pope Francis , which was signed on 29 June 2013 , on the Solemnity of Saints Peter and Paul , and which was published on 5 July 2013 , almost four months after his election to the papacy .
Sonnet 147 is one of 154 sonnets written by English playwright and poet William Shakespeare .
Jesus on Mars is a 1979 science fiction novel by Philip José Farmer set on Mars and involving an alien civilization .
Brevis commentarius de Islandia ( English : `` Brief Commentary on Iceland '' ) is a book in Latin written and published in Denmark in 1593 by the Icelandic scholar Arngrímur Jónsson .
Clouds without Water is a poetry collection by Aleister Crowley ( 1875 - -1947 ) , an English author , occult magician , mountaineer and founder of the religious philosophy of Thelema .
A Moving Target is a collection of essays and lectures written by William Golding .
`` The Doctrine of Fascism '' ( `` La dottrina del fascismo '' ) is an essay attributed to Benito Mussolini .
Clear Light of Day is a novel published in 1980 by Indian novelist and three - time Booker Prize finalist Anita Desai .
Bullet Park is a 1969 novel by American Novelist John Cheever about an earnest yet pensive father Eliot Nailles and his troubled son Tony , and their predestined fate with a psychotic man Hammer , who moves to Bullet Park to sacrifice one of them .
`` The Tinderbox '' ( Danish : Fyrtøiet ) is a literary fairy tale by Hans Christian Andersen about a soldier who acquires a magic tinderbox capable of summoning three powerful dogs to do his bidding .
She Came to Stay ( French , L'Invitée ) is a novel written by French author Simone de Beauvoir first published in 1943 .
The End of the Road is the second novel by American writer John Barth , published first in 1958 , and then in a revised edition in 1967 .
Valmiki 's Daughter is a novel by Shani Mootoo published in 2008 .
The Life of Zamenhof is a biography of L. L. Zamenhof , the founder of Esperanto , written in Esperanto by Edmond Privat .
The Red Pony is an episodic novella written by American writer John Steinbeck in 1933 .
Crisis of Conscience is a biographical book by Raymond Franz , a former member of the Governing Body of Jehovah 's Witnesses , written in 1983 , three years after his expulsion from the Jehovah 's Witnesses religion .
Eighth Grade Bites is a novel written by Zac Brewer , formerly Heather Brewer , centered on its main character Vladimir Tod , a vampire from birth .
H is for Hawk is a memoir by British author Helen Macdonald .
The Parasite is an 1894 novelette by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle .
High in the Clouds is a children 's adventure novel written by musician / songwriter Paul McCartney and Philip Ardagh , illustrated by Geoff Dunbar , and published by Faber and Faber in October 2005 .
The Unfortunates is an experimental `` book in a box '' published in 1969 by English author B. S. Johnson and reissued in 2008 by New Directions .
Arnoldi Chronica Slavorum is the continuation of Helmold 's Chronica Slavorum by Arnold of Lübeck .
At Home in Mitford is a novel written by American author Jan Karon .
China Mountain Zhang is a 1992 novel by science fiction author Maureen F. McHugh .
The Card is a short comic novel written by Arnold Bennett in 1911 ( titled Denry the Audacious in the American edition ) .
Published on 15 April 1755 and written by Samuel Johnson , A Dictionary of the English Language , sometimes published as Johnson 's Dictionary , is among the most influential dictionaries in the history of the English language .
Memos from Purgatory is Harlan Ellison 's account of his experience with kid gangs when he joined one to research them for his first novel , Web of the City .
The Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson or the Anecdotes of the Late Samuel Johnson , LL.D. During the Last Twenty Years of His Life by Hester Thrale , also known as Hester Lynch Piozzi , was first published 26 March 1786 .
Ben Singkol is a 2001 novel written by Filipino National Artist F. Sionil José .
Experiments and Observations on Different Kinds of Air ( 1774 - -86 ) is a six - volume work published by 18th - century British polymath Joseph Priestley which reports a series of his experiments on `` airs '' or gases , most notably his discovery of oxygen gas ( which he called `` dephlogisticated air '' ) .
Timescape is a 1980 novel by science fiction writer Gregory Benford ( with unbilled co - author Hilary Foister , Benford 's sister - in - law , who is credited as having `` contributed significantly to the manuscript '' ) .
The Letter from Birmingham Jail ( also known as `` Letter from Birmingham City Jail '' and `` The Negro Is Your Brother '' ) is an open letter written on April 16 , 1963 , by Martin Luther King , Jr. The letter defends the strategy of nonviolent resistance to racism .
The Political Zoo is a book written by the American conservative talk radio host Michael Savage .
Dead Man 's Handle is the title of a 1985 action - adventure / spy novel written by Peter O'Donnell .
Round Heads and Pointed Heads ( German : Die Rundköpfe und die Spitzköpfe ) is an epic parable play written by the German dramatist Bertolt Brecht , in collaboration with Margarete Steffin , Emil Burri , Elisabeth Hauptmann , and the composer Hanns Eisler .
Hunter 's Run is a 2007 science fiction novel written by Daniel Abraham , Gardner Dozois and George R. R. Martin .
The Life of a Peasant Woman ( Житие одной бабы , Zhitiye odnoi baby ) is a short novel by Nikolai Leskov , first published in 1863 's 7th and 8th issues of Biblioteka dlya chteniya magazine , under the moniker of M. Stebnitsky .
The Silent and the Damned ( also known as The Vanished Hands ) is the second novel in Robert Wilson 's critically acclaimed Javier Falcón series , set in Seville .
Have You Seen Tom Thumb ? is a biography of General Tom Thumb written for children by Mabel Leigh Hunt .
I Wish Someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere ( French : Je voudrais que quelqu'un m'attende quelque part ) is a collection of twelve short stories written by Anna Gavalda .
Way of the Peaceful Warrior is a part - fictional , part - autobiographical book based upon the early life of the author Dan Millman .
The Architecture of the Arkansas Ozarks ( TAOTAO ) is a 1975 book by American author Donald Harington .
`` The Gift of the Magi '' is a short story , written by O. Henry ( a pen name for William Sydney Porter ) , about a young married couple and how they deal with the challenge of buying secret Christmas gifts for each other with very little money .
Torture the Artist , published as Vincent outside the US , is a novel by Joey Goebel published in 2004 .
Emily Climbs is the second in a series of novels by Lucy Maud Montgomery .
In a Strange Room is a 2010 novel by South African writer Damon Galgut .
In the Courts of the Crimson Kings is a 2008 alternate history science fiction novel by American writer S. M. Stirling .
Historietter is a collection of 20 short stories , written by Hjalmar Söderberg .
The Leopard Man 's Story is a short mystery story by Jack London .
The Quest for Cush is a sword and sorcery novel written by Charles R. Saunders , and published by DAW Books in 1984 .
The Children of Zion ( The Path of Agony of the Tehran Children ) is a book written by Henryk Grynberg about `` the fate of the Polish Jews '' .
History of Shit ( Histoire de la merde : Prologue ) is a 1978 book by French psychoanalyst Dominique Laporte ( 1949 - -1984 ) .
The Citadel of Chaos is a single - player adventure gamebook written by Steve Jackson and Ian Livingstone , and illustrated by Russ Nicholson .
The Lays of Beleriand , published in 1985 , is the third volume of Christopher Tolkien 's 12-volume book series , The History of Middle - earth , in which he analyzes the unpublished manuscripts of his father J. R. R. Tolkien .
Al - Istibsar ( Al - Istibsar fi ma ukhtulif fihi min al - akhbar ) ( Arabic : اَلاِْسْتِبْصار فیما اختلف من الأخبار ) is a Hadith collection , by the famous Twelver Shia Hadith scholar Abu Jafar Muhammad Ibn Hassan Tusi , commonly known as Shaykh Tusi .
Fleabee 's Fortune is the first book in the Deptford Mouselets Series by Robin Jarvis ( first published in 2004 ) .
Shadow on the Hearth is the first of three science fiction novels by Judith Merril , originally published in hardcover by Doubleday in 1950 .
Último Volume ( Portuguese for Last Volume ) is a book by Miguel Esteves Cardoso , published in 1991 .
Perilous Dreams is a collection of short stories by science fiction and fantasy author Andre Norton .
Novelas ejemplares ( `` Exemplary Novels '' ) is a series of twelve novellas that follow the model established in Italy , written by Miguel de Cervantes between 1590 and 1612 .
My Official Wife is an 1891 novel by Richard Henry Savage , popular in its day , soon after adapted for the stage , and for silent films in 1914 and 1926 , and a German - language film in 1936 .
GAZ4 The Kingdom of Ierendi was written by Anne Gray McCready , with a cover by Clyde Caldwell and interior illustrations by Stephen Fabian , and was published by TSR in 1987 as a 64-page booklet with a counter sheet , a large color map , and an outer folder .
Bared to You is a 2012 New York Times bestselling erotic new adult romance novel by veteran writer Sylvia Day , focusing on the complicated relationship between two twentysomething protagonists with equally abusive pasts .
Heartsnatcher ( French : L'Arrache - cœur ) is a 1953 novel by the French writer Boris Vian .
L. Ron Hubbard , Messiah or Madman ? , is a posthumous biography of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard written by Bent Corydon , which makes extensive use of interviews he conducted with Hubbard 's son Ronald DeWolf .
The Janna Mysteries , a medieval crime series by Felicity Pulman , follows Janna ( Johanna is her full name ) and her quest to find her father in order to seek vengeance for the death of her mother .
A Curtain of Green was the first collection of short stories written by Eudora Welty .
The Noah Conspiracy is a 1981 novel by American writer Michael Shaara , first published as The Herald .
Romance pro křídlovku ( in English : Romance for Bugle or Romance for Flugelhorn ; in German : Romanze für ein Flügelhorn ) is a lyrical epic poem written in 1961 by the Czech poet František Hrubín .
Kurt Busiek 's Astro City is an American superhero anthology comic book series centered on a fictional American city of that name .
' The Jew in the Lotus is a 1994 book by Rodger Kamenetz about a historic dialogue between rabbis and the Dalai Lama , the first recorded major dialogue between experts in Judaism and Buddhism .
Texts from Bennett is a blog created by Mac Lethal ( born David McCleary Sheldon ) , purportedly based on text messages exchanged between Lethal and his `` cousin '' Bennett .
Spirits in Bondage ( 1919 ) was C. S. Lewis 's first published work ( originally published under the pseudonym Clive Hamilton , which is Lewis ' first name followed by his mother 's maiden name ) .
The Right Hand of the Grand Master ( Georgian : დიდოსტატის კონსტანტინეს მარჯვენა , The Right Hand of the Grand Master Constantine ) , also published as The Hand of the Great Master is a historical novel by 20th century Georgian writer Konstantine Gamsakhurdia , who first published it in 1939 in a literary magazine Mnatobi .
Lucy Winchester is a novel by Mennonite author Christmas Carol Kauffman .
Yalkut Yosef ( Hebrew : ילקוט יוסף‎ , `` Collation of Yosef '' ) is an authoritative , contemporary work of Halakha , providing a detailed explanation of the Shulchan Aruch as based on the halachic rulings of the former Rishon LeTzion Rav Ovadia Yosef .
The Blind Owl ( 1937 ) ( Persian : بوف کور‎‎ , Boof - e koor , listen ) is Sadegh Hedayat 's most enduring work of prose and a major literary work of 20th century Iran .
The Indecent Exposure of Anthony East is a 1968 play by David Williamson .
Nineteen Minutes , published on March 9 , 2007 , is a novel by Jodi Picoult .
The Journals of Susanna Moodie is a book of poetry by Margaret Atwood , first published in 1970 .
Address to Young Men on Greek Literature ( alternatively , `` Address To Young Men On How They Might Derive Benefit From Greek Literature , '' Ancient Greek : Πρὸς τοὺς νέους , ὅπως ἂν ἐξ ἑλληνικῶν ὠφελοῖντο λόγων ) is a text by Basil of Caesarea .
Epicurus the Sage was a 2-issue limited series written by William Messner - Loebs , with art by Sam Kieth .
Philip and the Others ( Dutch : Philip en de anderen ) is a 1954 novel by Dutch writer Cees Nooteboom .
Stonewielder is the third fantasy novel by Canadian author Ian Cameron Esslemont set in the world of the Malazan Book of the Fallen , co - created with Esslemont 's friend and colleague Steven Erikson .
The Destruction of Dresden is a 1963 non - fiction book written by David Irving which describes the February 1945 Allied bombing of Dresden in World War II . The book became an international best - seller during the 1960s debate about the morality of the World War II area bombing of the civilian population of Nazi Germany .
Nine Princes in Amber is a new wave fantasy novel and the first in the Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny .
The Cave Girl is an Edgar Rice Burroughs lost world novel .
Artush and Zaur is a novel by Azerbaijani writer and journalist Ali Akbar ( alias of Alakbar Aliyev ) published in 2009 .
Beatrice and Virgil is Canadian writer Yann Martel 's third novel .
The Last of the Vostiaks ( Italian : L'ultimo dei Vostiachi ) is a novel by the Italian writer Diego Marani .
The Speaker of Mandarin is a novel by British crime - writer Ruth Rendell , first published in 1983 .
Darkworld Detective is a collection of science fantasy stories written by J. Michael Reaves , published as a paperback original by Bantam Books in 1982 .
Day of the Oprichnik ( Russian : День опричника , Den ' oprichnika ) is a 2006 novel by the Russian writer Vladimir Sorokin .
Agaguk is the sixth novel written by Quebec author Yves Thériault .
Little Town on the Prairie is an autobiographical children 's novel written by Laura Ingalls Wilder and published in 1941 , the seventh of nine books in her Little House series .
Liu , Xie The Literary Mind and the Carving of Dragons .
Jack Frusciante Has Left the Band ( Italian : Jack Frusciante è uscito dal gruppo ) is Enrico Brizzi 's debut novel .
`` A Loint of Paw '' is a vignette by Isaac Asimov , first published in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction in August 1957 .
The Rosy Crucifixion , a trilogy consisting of Sexus , Plexus , and Nexus , is a fictionalized account documenting the six - year period of Henry Miller 's life in Brooklyn as he falls for his second wife June and struggles to become a writer , leading up to his initial departure for Paris in 1928 .
One Clear Call is the ninth novel in Upton Sinclair 's Lanny Budd series .
The Dawning Light is a 1959 science fiction novel published under the name Robert Randall , collaborative pseudonym of American writers Robert Silverberg and Randall Garrett .
Adventures in Two Worlds is the 1952 autobiography of Dr. A. J. Cronin , in which he relates , with much humour , the exciting events of his dual career as a medical doctor and a novelist .
The Discourse on Metaphysics ( French : Discours de métaphysique , 1686 ) is a short treatise by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz in which he develops a philosophy concerning physical substance , motion and resistance of bodies , and God 's role within the universe .
Written Lives ( Spanish : Vidas Escritas ) is a collection of biographical sketches of famous literary figures , written by Spanish author Javier Marías and originally published in 2000 .
Scrambled Eggs Super ! is a 1953 book by American children 's author Dr. Seuss .
Burke 's Landed Gentry , first published in 1826 and developed by John Burke ( 1786 - -1848 ) , remains widely used by historians and genealogical researchers , e.g. Ancestry.com .
Red Storm Rising is a 1986 techno - thriller novel by Tom Clancy about a Third World War in Europe between NATO and Warsaw Pact forces , set around the mid-1980s .
Deathscent is a children 's novel written by British novelist Robin Jarvis .
Fireworks and Darkness is a 2002 young - adult novel by Natalie Jane Prior .
Rosso Malpelo is a short story by Giovanni Verga , the title ' Rosso Malpelo ' is Sicilian for ' Evil Hair ' , a nickname which combines Rosso ( Red ) with Malpelo ( evil hair ) , as Sicilians believed people with red hair were malicious and had an evil disposition .
God 's Helicopter is a young - adult novel by the American writer Lee Gutkind .
`` La Belle Dame sans Merci '' ( French for `` The Beautiful Lady Without Mercy '' ) is a ballad written by the English poet John Keats .
Year 's Best SF 4 ( ISBN 0 - 06 - 105902 - 1 ) is a science fiction anthology , edited by David G. Hartwell , that was published in 1999 .
`` The Magpies '' is the most famous poem by New Zealand poet Denis Glover ( 1912 - -1980 ) .
A Pack of Lies : twelve stories in one is a children 's novel with metafictional elements , written by Geraldine McCaughrean and published by Oxford in 1988 .
The Survivor and Others is a collection of fantasy and horror short stories by August Derleth , inspired by some of H. P. Lovecraft 's notes left behind after his death .
Mouse Soup is a 1977 picture book by noted illustrator Arnold Lobel .
Feminateek , also known as the Fenomenale Feminateek ( `` Phenomenal Library of Women '' ) , is a collection of 22400 images of female eroticism compiled in 144 volumes by Flemish author Louis Paul Boon .
The Two Pound Tram is a novel written by William Newton ( a pseudonym of Kenneth Newton , a retired doctor ) .
Patterns of Sexual Behavior , published in 1951 , is a work of scientific literature co - authored by Clellan S. Ford and Frank A. Beach .
The Thing Around Your Neck is a short story collection by Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie , it was first published in April 2009 by Fourth Estate in the UK and by Knopf in the US .
Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra is a fantasy novel by Obert Skye that traces the journeys of Leven , a seemingly ordinary boy from Burnt Culvert , Oklahoma , who has now become The Want , Winter Frore , Geth and Clover as they fight to save the Land of Foo .
The Reverberator is a short novel by Henry James , first published as a serial in Macmillan 's Magazine in 1888 and then as a book later the same year .
Red Blades of Black Cathay is a collection of Fantasy short stories by Robert E. Howard and Tevis Clyde Smith .
Outwitting the Devil is a book that was written by Napoleon Hill and annotated by Sharon Lechter .
Mark Twain 's Library of Humor is an 1888 anthology of short humorous works compiled by Mark Twain , pen name of Samuel Langhorne Clemens , William Dean Howells and Charles Hopkins Clark .
`` The Shadow Kingdom '' by Robert E. Howard is the first of Howard 's Kull stories , set in his fictional Thurian Age .
Knitting Under the Influence is a 2006 novel written by author Claire Scovell LaZebnik about three girls in their late twenties who have a weekly knitting circle , yet , they all have busy individual lives .
Gump & Co. ( or Forrest Gump and Co. ) is a 1995 novel by Winston Groom .
`` I taste a liquor never brewed '' is a lyrical poem written by Emily Dickinson first published in the Springfield Daily Republican of 4 May 1861 from a now lost copy .
Johnny Got His Gun is an anti - war novel written in 1938 by American novelist and screenwriter Dalton Trumbo and published September 1939 by J. B. Lippincott .
Samuel Johnson 's Life of Mr Richard Savage ( 1744 ) , short title is Life of Savage and full title is An Account of the Life of Mr Richard Savage , Son of the Earl Rivers , was the first major biography published by Johnson .
In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays is a collection of essays by Bertrand Russell published in 1935 .
Mutineers ' Moon is a 1991 science fiction novel written by American writer David Weber .
An Instance of the Fingerpost is a 1997 historical mystery novel by Iain Pears .
Teresa , el cuerpo de Cristo ( English : Theresa : The Body of Christ ) is a 2007 biopic written and directed by Ray Loriga and starring Paz Vega as the title character , Saint Teresa of Ávila .
Les 11 commandements ( or The 11 Commandments in English speaking countries ) is a French comedy film , made in 2004 , featuring Michaël Youn .
Chathikkatha Chanthu ( Malayalam : ചതിക്കാത്തചന്തു , English : Chanthu Who Never Cheats ) is a 2004 Malayalam musical - comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin , and produced by Lal .
Hero Hiralal is a 1988 film directed by Ketan Mehta and starring Naseeruddin Shah and Sanjana Kapoor in leading roles .
A Yankee Princess is a 1919 American silent film comedy drama produced and distributed by the Vitagraph Company of America and starring Bessie Love .
Niram ( English : Colour ) is a 1999 Malayalam Romantic film directed by Kamal , starring Kunchacko Boban and Shalini in the lead roles .
The Narrow Trail is a 1917 American silent western film directed by William S. Hart and Lambert Hillyer and written by William S. Hart and Harvey F. Thew .
A Cricket in the Ear ( Bulgarian : Щурец в ухото / Shturets v uhoto ) is a Bulgarian comedy - drama film released in 1976 , directed by Georgi K. Stoyanov , starring Pavel Popandov , Stefan Mavrodiev , Itzhak Fintzi , Tatyana Lolova and Petar Slabakov .
Texas Killing Fields ( also known as The Fields ) is a 2011 American crime film directed by Ami Canaan Mann , starring Sam Worthington , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , Jessica Chastain and Chloë Grace Moretz .
Sweet Alibis is a 2014 Taiwanese comedy film starring Alec Su as a cowardly veteran cop and Ariel Lin as an overzealous rookie .
Shree 420 ( translation : Mr. 420 , also transliterated as Shri 420 ) is a 1955 Bollywood film directed , produced by and starring Raj Kapoor and Nargis .
A Death in Canaan is a 1978 American drama television film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Stefanie Powers , Paul Clemens , and Brian Dennehy .
The Starlit Garden is a 1923 British silent romantic film directed by Guy Newall and starring Newall , Ivy Duke , Lawford Davidson and Mary Rorke .
Man in the Vault is a 1956 film noir about a locksmith , played by William Campbell , who is forced to help gangsters commit a robbery .
Fearless Fighters , also known as Ninja Killers or A Real Man , is a 1971 Hong Kong - Taiwanese wuxia film starring Shaw Brothers Studio veteran actors Chan Hung - lit and Yee Yuen and a cast from Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Rantevou stin Kerkyra or Rendez - vous stin Kerkira ( Greek : Ραντεβού στην Κέρκυρα , Conversations in Corfu ) is a 1960 Greek black and white drama film directed and written by Dimitris Dadiras and starring Tzeni Karezi .
Object of Obsession is an American erotic thriller film , released in 1994 , starring Scott Valentine , Erika Anderson , Elizabeth Whitcraft , Robert Keith , Jane A. Rogers , and Jake Higginson .
Doli Saja Ke Rakhna is a 1998 Bollywood romance film directed by Priyadarshan with Akshaye Khanna and Jyothika in lead roles .
Lal Baadshah is a 1999 Bollywood film directed by K.C. Bokadia and starring Amitabh Bachchan in a dual role , Raghuvaran , Manisha Koirala , Shilpa Shetty and Amrish Puri .
Hello London is a 1958 documentary film starring Sonja Henie and Michael Wilding .
Temporary Release ( Danish : Ledsaget udgang ) is a 2007 Danish comedy film written by , directed and starring Erik Clausen .
Just Go with It is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dennis Dugan , and produced by Adam Sandler , who also starred in the film .
Pidichirukku ( English : I like it ) is a 2008 Tamil romantic drama film , Produced by Kool Productions Chida Shenbaga Kumar , directed by Kanagu , starring Ashok , Vishakha Singh , Sampath Raj , Ganja Karuppu and Saranya Ponvannan .
Zombie Honeymoon centers around the doomed love story of Denise ( Tracy Coogan ) and Danny ( Graham Sibley ) Zanders , whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie .
Only the Valiant , also known as Fort Invincible , is a 1951 western film produced by William Cagney ( younger brother of James Cagney ) , directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Gregory Peck and Barbara Payton .
Against the Dark is a 2009 American action horror film starring Steven Seagal and directed by Richard Crudo .
Brothers Under the Chin is a 1924 American silent comedy film starring Stan Laurel and featuring James Finlayson .
The King & the Commissioner is a 2012 Malayalam political thriller film written by Renji Panicker and directed by Shaji Kailas , starring Mammootty , Suresh Gopi , Saikumar , Janardhanan and Samvrutha Sunil .
Wrongfully Accused is a 1998 comedy film starring Leslie Nielsen as a man who has been framed for murder and desperately attempts to expose the true culprits .
The Sons of Great Bear ( German : Die Söhne der großen Bärin ; literally , The Sons of the Great She - Bear ) is a 1966 East German Western film , directed by the Czechoslovak filmmaker Josef Mach and starring the Yugoslav actor Gojko Mitić in the leading role of Tokei - ihto .
Caribbean Gold is a 1952 American pirate film directed by Edward Ludwig and starring John Payne , Arlene Dahl and Cedric Hardwicke .
Gair Kanooni is a 1989 Hindi film which stars Govinda and Sridevi in the lead roles .
The Price of a Good Time is a 1917 silent film drama directed by Lois Weber and Phillips Smalley and starring teen Mildred Harris .
Mr. Ricco is a 1975 crime drama film directed by Paul Bogart and starring Dean Martin in his last leading film role , along with Eugene Roche , Denise Nicholas and Cindy Williams .
Thanks for Your Love is a 1996 Hong Kong romantic comedy film produced and directed by David Yu and Norman Law and starring Andy Lau and Rosamund Kwan .
Kalpadukal ( Malayalam : കാൽപ്പാടുകൾ , English : Footprints ) is a 1962 Malayalam language film directed by K. S. Antony and starring Prem Nazir in the lead role .
Ulakam Chuttum Valiban is a 2011 Malayalam comedy film directed by Raj Babu . It stars Jayaram , Biju Menon , Vandana Menon and Mithra Kurian in the lead roles .
The Coffin is a 2008 horror film starring Ananda Everingham and Karen Mok .
CB4 becomes the hottest band on the charts with controversial hits like `` Sweat From My Balls '' and `` Straight Outta Locash , '' and their rise to fame is documented by an aspiring director ( Chris Elliott ) and his cameraman .
Boston Blackie and the Law is the twelfth of fourteen Columbia Pictures films starring Chester Morris as reformed crook Boston Blackie .
Captain Apache is an acid western film starring Lee Van Cleef , Carroll Baker and Stuart Whitman .
26 Summer Street is a 1996 short film directed by Steve Larson , conceived and written by Peter Syvertsen , starring Syvertsen and Rachael Leigh Cook .
Atorrante is a 1939 Argentine film directed and written by Enrique de Rosas with Vicente Martínez Cuitiño . The film starred Enrique DeRosas and Irma Córdoba .
Mother Is a Freshman is a 1949 comedy motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Loretta Young and Van Johnson .
Michael and Mary was a 1931 British drama film directed by Victor Saville and starring Elizabeth Allan , Edna Best , Frank Lawton , and Herbert Marshall .
Bhole Shankar is a 2008 Bhopuri - language Indian feature film directed by Pankaj Shukla and produced by Gulshan Bhatia , starring Mithun Chakraborty and Manoj Tiwari in lead roles .
The Big Circus is a 1959 film starring Victor Mature as a circus owner struggling with financial trouble and a murderous unknown saboteur .
Hikk Naal is a Punjabi film starring Amrinder Gill , sam sohi ( making his acting debut ) , Mahie Gill , Rana Ranbir & Binnu Dhillon .
My Nanny 's Secret ( previously `` A Nanny 's Secret '' ) is a Lifetime Channel original Thriller / Mystery / Crime movie starring Haylie Duff and directed by Douglas Jackson .
Paramaatma is a 1994 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Bapu , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Juhi Chawla , Amrish Puri and Anjana Mumtaz
Country Strong ( originally titled Love Do n't Let Me Down ) is a 2010 drama film starring Gwyneth Paltrow , Tim McGraw , Garrett Hedlund , and Leighton Meester .
Tepepa ( also known as Long Live the Revolution and Blood and Guns ) is an Italian Zapata - themed spaghetti western film starring Tomas Milian and Orson Welles .
The Gunfighter is a 1950 American Western film starring Gregory Peck , Helen Westcott , Millard Mitchell and Karl Malden ( resuming his film career after a three year hiatus ) .
Mr. Pellikoduku ( English : Mr. Bride Groom ) is a 2013 Telugu film directed by Devi Prasad starring Sunil and Isha Chawla in the lead roles .
Hot Saturday is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by William A. Seiter and starring Nancy Carroll , Cary Grant , and Randolph Scott .
Half Shot at Sunrise is a 1930 American comedy film starring the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey and Dorothy Lee .
The Adventures of Tarzan ( 1921 ) is a 15 chapter movie serial which features the third and final appearance of Elmo Lincoln as Tarzan .
Long Arm of the Godfather ( Italian : La mano lunga del padrino ) is a 1972 Italian crime film directed by Nardo Bonomi and starring Adolfo Celi .
Celebrity Scissorhands is a reality show that is part of the BBC 's Children in Need charity campaign , in which celebrities attempt to cut people 's hair to raise money for the campaign while trained and watched by professional hairdresser Lee Stafford .
Rakta Golapa is an Odia romantic tragedy released on 9 November 1977 , starring Suresh Mahapatra , Banaja Mohanty , Sriram Panda , Radha Panda and Ramesh Panigrahi .
The pregnant Jessabelle `` Jessie '' Laurent ( Sarah Snook ) is about to move to her fiancé , Mark 's ( Brian Hallisay ) house when their car is hit by a truck , killing Mark and causing Jessie 's miscarriage .
Pennington 's Choice is a 1915 silent film drama directed by William Bowman and starring Francis X. Bushman and Beverly Bayne a popular film acting team of the era .
The Anomaly is a 2014 British science fiction action thriller film directed and co - produced by and starring Noel Clarke and also featuring Ian Somerhalder and Luke Hemsworth .
The Trials of O'Brien is a 1965 television series starring Peter Falk as a sordid Shakespeare - quoting lawyer and featuring Elaine Stritch as his secretary and Joanna Barnes as his ex - wife .
Women 's Enemy is a 2013 Chinese inspirational film directed and written by Guan Xiaojie , starring Zhao Yihuan , Wen Zhuo , Chen Ou , Liu Huipu , Qiu Xiaochan , Wang Mengting , and Wen Mengyang .
The Transformation of Dr. Bessel ( German : Dr . Bessels Verwandlung ) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Jakob Tiedtke , Sophie Pagay and Hans Stüwe .
Variety Jubilee is a 1943 British historical musical film directed by Maclean Rogers and starring Reginald Purdell , Ellis Irving and Lesley Brook .
Punjabian Da King is a 2015 Punjabi Action Drama film directed by Manduip Singh and produced by Surender Singh Starring Navraj Hans , Keeya khanna , Bhanu Sri Mehra , Jarnail Singh , Shivendra Mahal , Bhottu Shah , Hobby Dhalliwal , Bunny & others .
Night of the Demons 2 is a 1994 American horror film directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith and starring Amelia Kinkade , Cristi Harris , Rick Peters , Jennifer Rhodes and Christine Taylor .
Web of Suspicion is a 1959 British crime film from the Danziger Brothers , directed by Max Varnel , and starring Philip Friend and Susan Beaumont .
Maseeha ( English : said to describe ' Jesus Christ'as ( the divinely angel;a person who cures others like a doctor ) , is a 2002 Hindi Indian film written by Pradeep Ghatak and directed by Partho Ghosh . The film stars Sunil Shetty and Namrata Shirodkar .
Une idylle à la ferme is a 1912 French short film written and directed by and starring Max Linder .
Bette Davis as Bunny O'Hare Ernest Borgnine as Bill Green Jack Cassidy as Lieutenant Greeley Jay Robinson as John C. Rupert Joan Delaney as R.J. Hart John Astin as Ad Reva Rose as Lulu
Cohen and Tate ( also known as Cohen & Tate ) is a 1989 American thriller film written and directed by Eric Red and starring Roy Scheider , Adam Baldwin and Harley Cross .
Old Mother Riley 's New Venture is a low - budget black - and - white 1949 British comedy film , starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane .
The Three Swordsmen is a 1994 Hong Kong wuxia film directed by Taylor Wong and starring Andy Lau , Brigitte Lin and Elvis Tsui in the roles of the titular swordsmen .
Play Misty for Me is a 1971 American psychological thriller film , directed by and starring Clint Eastwood , in his directorial debut .
Red Shirley is a short documentary film directed by Lou Reed .
House of Boys is a 2009 Luxembourgian - German drama film directed and written by Jean - Claude Schlim , starring Layke Anderson , Benn Northover and Udo Kier .
Jhinder Bandi ( Bengali : ঝিন্দের বন্দী;English : Prisoner of Jhind ) is a 1961 Indian Bengali fictional historical drama film directed by Tapan Sinha , starring Uttam Kumar , Soumitra Chatterjee , Arundhati Devi and Radhamohan Bhattacharya .
Catherine the Last ( German : Katharina , die Letzte ) is a 1936 Austrian romantic comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Franciska Gaal , Hans Holt and Hans Olden .
Desire and Hell at Sunset Motel is a 1992 neo - noir black comedy written and directed by Alien Castle and produced by Donald P. Borchers that film stars Sherilyn Fenn , Whip Hubley , David Hewlett , David Johansen and Paul Bartel .
The Big Street is a 1942 American drama film , starring Henry Fonda and Lucille Ball , based on the short story `` Little Pinks '' by Damon Runyon , who also produced the movie .
Vaastu Prakaara ( Kannada : ವಾಸ್ತು ಪ್ರಕಾರ ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada language satirical comedy film directed by Yogaraj Bhat starring Rakshit Shetty , Jaggesh , Aishani Shetty and Parul Yadav in lead roles .
Irandil Ondru is a 1988 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Azhagappan , starring Ramki , Nadiya Moidu and Raghuvaran
Uptown Saturday Night is a 1974 comedy film written by Richard Wesley , and directed by Sidney Poitier , who also stars in this film , along with Bill Cosby and Harry Belafonte .
Rajakeeyam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Saji , starring Babu Antony and Charmila in the lead roles .
A prequel to the 2005 film Long khong ( Art of the Devil 2 ) , Art of the Devil 3 fills in the back story of Miss Panor , portrayed by Napakpapha Nakprasitte , who turns to black magic to exact revenge upon her tormentors .
Tera Jadoo Chal Gayaa , ( Hindi-तेरा जादू चल गया ) ( Your magical spell worked ) is a Bollywood movie released in 2000 starring Abhishek Bachchan and Kirti Reddy in leading roles .
A Woman in Flames ( Die flambierte Frau , literally `` The Flambéed Woman '' ) is a German drama film from 1983 , directed by Robert van Ackeren , starring Gudrun Landgrebe , Mathieu Carrière , and Hanns Zischler .
Laser Mission is a 1989 American action film directed by BJ Davis , starring Brandon Lee and Ernest Borgnine .
Garjanai is a 1981 Tamil language film directed by C. V. Rajendran starring Rajinikanth and Madhavi in the lead roles .
Chosen Survivors is a 1974 science fiction / horror film directed by Sutton Roley and starring Alex Cord and Jackie Cooper .
The Interpreter is a 2005 political thriller film starring Nicole Kidman , Sean Penn , Catherine Keener , and Jesper Christensen .
The Little Brother is a 1917 American silent drama directed by Charles Miller and starring William Garwood and Australian actress Enid Bennett .
Avenging Waters is a 1936 western starring Ken Maynard , Beth Marion , Ward Bond and John Elliott .
The Man I Married ( alternative title I Married a Nazi ) is a 1940 drama film starring Joan Bennett and Francis Lederer .
In Her Line of Fire is a 2006 film directed by Brian Trenchard - Smith and starring Mariel Hemingway , David Keith , David Millbern and Jill Bennett .
Angels One Five is a 1952 British film directed by George More O'Ferrall , and starring Jack Hawkins , Michael Denison , Dulcie Gray , John Gregson , Cyril Raymond and Veronica Hurst .
Jaatishwar is a 2014 Indian Bengali musical drama film directed by Srijit Mukherji , starring Prosenjit Chatterjee , Jisshu Sengupta and Swastika Mukherjee .
Night of Terror is a 1933 American Pre - Code horror film directed by Benjamin Stoloff , and starring Bela Lugosi , Sally Blane , Wallace Ford , and Tully Marshall .
Among the four Academy Awards that Anthony Adverse won , Gale Sondergaard was awarded the inaugural Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her role as Faith Paleologus .
Nausherwan - E - Adil ( Nausherwan , The Just ) also called Farz Aur Mohabbat , is a 1957 costume action drama Hindi / Urdu film directed by Sohrab Modi .
Rough Riders ' Round - up is a 1939 American film directed by Joseph Kane starring Roy Rogers .
Mickey 's Eleven is a 1927 silent short film in Larry Darmour 's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney .
Spider - Man co - creator Stan Lee has a cameo in Spider - Man 3 , as he does in many Marvel - based films .
King and Country ( stylised as King & Country ) is a 1964 British war film directed by Joseph Losey , shot in black and white , and starring Dirk Bogarde and Tom Courtenay .
Simply Terrific is a 1938 British comedy film directed by Roy William Neill and starring Claude Hulbert , Reginald Purdell and Patricia Medina .
Abhinandana ( English : Congratulations ) is a 1988 Telugu , romance film starring Karthik Muthuraman , Shobana and Sarath Babu .
The Woman in the Window is a 1944 film noir directed by Fritz Lang that tells the story of psychology professor Richard Wanley ( Edward G. Robinson ) who meets and becomes enamored of a young femme fatale .
The Andy Warhol Story ( 1966 ) is an underground film directed by Andy Warhol with cinematography by Paul Morrissey , and starring Edie Sedgwick and Rene Ricard ( as Andy Warhol ) .
A Business Affair is a 1994 romantic comedy film directed by Charlotte Brandstrom and starring Carole Bouquet .
Two Bits & Pepper is a 1995 family comedy about two young ladies who learn an important lesson thanks to TWO kidnappers , BOTH played by Joe Piscopo .
Nippu ( Fire ) is a 2012 Telugu - language film , directed by Gunasekhar , starring Ravi Teja and Deeksha Seth in the lead .
Aathmakatha ( English : Autobiography ) is a 2010 Malayalam film written and directed by debutant Premlal starring Sreenivasan , Shafna , Sharbani Mukherjee and Jagathy Sreekumar in pivotal roles .
3 Chains o ' Gold is a 1994 direct - to - video film produced and directed by Prince and starring Prince and The New Power Generation .
Varietease is a 1954 American burlesque documentary film and the first such directed by Irving Klaw .
According to Spencer is a 2001 film starring Jesse Bradford , Mia Kirshner , David Krumholtz , Adam Goldberg , and Brad Rowe .
The No Mercy Man ( also known as Bad Man , Trained to Kill , and Trained to Kill USA ) is a 1973 action film with elements of a modern - day Western starring Steve Sandor , Rockne Tarkington , Sid Haig , Ron Thompson , Mike Lane , and Richard X. Slattery .
Good Advice is a 2001 comedy film starring Charlie Sheen , Angie Harmon , and Denise Richards .
Crimewave is a 1986 American comedy film directed by Sam Raimi written by him and the Coen brothers , and starring Louise Lasser , Paul L. Smith , Brion James , Sheree J. Wilson , Edward R. Pressman , Bruce Campbell , and Reed Birney , with Campbell also serving as a producer .
The Life of Wu Xun ( simplified Chinese : 武训传 ; traditional Chinese : 武訓傳 ; pinyin : Wǔ Xùn Zhuàn ) is a 1950 Chinese film directed by Sun Yu and starring Zhao Dan .
Live at the Ventura Beach California is a concert of Eric Burdon with Robby Krieger and several other musicians .
Soccer 's Hard Men is a 1992 football video by Video Vision , presented by then - footballer and current actor Vinnie Jones .
Me at the Zoo ( stylized as ME @ THE ZOO ) is a 2012 documentary film directed by Chris Moukarbel and Valerie Veatch and starring Chris Crocker .
Not with My Wife , You Do n't ! is a 1966 comedy film starred by Tony Curtis , Virna Lisi and George C. Scott .
The Third Nail is a drama crime film directed by Kevin Lewis , starring Huntley Ritter , Krista Allen , Charles S. Dutton and Chloë Grace Moretz .
Drömsemester is a 1952 Swedish film directed by Gösta Bernhard and starring Dirch Passer .
Somewhere in France is a 1916 silent era war espionage drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum and Howard C. Hickman .
Cleopatra Jones is a 1973 American blaxploitation action comedy film starring Tamara Dobson , Bernie Casey , Shelley Winters and Antonio Fargas .
Opened by Mistake is a 1940 film starring Charles Ruggles and Janice Logan .
Fifty Shades of Black is a 2016 American comedy film directed by Michael Tiddes and starring Marlon Wayans , who also co - wrote and co - produced the film .
The Guns of Loos is a 1928 British silent war film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Henry Victor , Madeleine Carroll , and Bobby Howes .
Apoorvaragam is the story of three youngsters Roopesh ( Nishan ) , Nancy ( Nithya Menen ) and Tommy ( Asif Ali ) .
Cow Belles is a 2006 romantic teen comedy film that stars American pop recording artists Alyson Michalka and Amanda Michalka , better known as sister duo Aly & AJ .
The Slams is a 1973 film directed by Jonathan Kaplan starring Jim Brown .
The Big I Am is a British gangster film starring Michael Madsen and Leo Gregory which was released straight to DVD on 8 April 2010 .
Savaale Samali ( English : Manage The Challenge ) is a 1971 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan in the lead role of a protagonist .
Thea Roland or The Adventure of Thea Roland ( German : Das Abenteuer der Thea Roland ) is a 1932 German comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Lil Dagover , Hans Rehmann and Margarete Kupfer .
Through Darkened Vales is a 1911 American short silent drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Blanche Sweet .
Venghai ( English : Tiger ) is a 2011 Tamil action - masala film directed by Hari , starring Dhanush and Tamannaah .
Ek Chitthi Pyar Bhari is a 1985 Hindi Drama film , starring Raj Babbar and Reena Roy and directed by Vijay Sadanah .
The Unmasking is a 1914 American silent short film starring William Garwood , Harry De Vere , Jack Richardson Vivian Rich and Louise Lester , Charlotte Burton , and Harry Van Meter .
Bride 's Play is a 1922 American silent film produced by William Randolph Hearst as a starring vehicle for his paramour Marion Davies .
I Love You Phillip Morris is a 2009 black comedy drama film based on the 1980s and ' 90s real - life story of con artist , impostor , and multiple prison escapee Steven Jay Russell , as played by Jim Carrey .
The Life of Reilly is a 2006 American film adaptation of actor Charles Nelson Reilly 's one - man play `` Save It For the Stage :
A Girl 's Folly is a 1917 silent comedy film starring Robert Warwick , Doris Kenyon , June Elvidge , Jane Adair , Chester Barnett and Johnny Hines .
Joy and the Dragon is a surviving 1916 silent film directed by Henry King and starring himself and ' Baby ' Marie Osborne .
Curse of the Black Widow is a made - for - television horror film , by Dan Curtis , and starring Anthony Franciosa , Donna Mills , Patty Duke , Vic Morrow , and June Allyson .
The Doctor and the Girl ( 1949 ) is a drama film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Glenn Ford .
A Japanese Idyll is a 1912 silent short drama film directed by and starring Lois Weber .
Most questioned the appropriateness of the title House of Joy when there were too many emotional scenes for the character which Ivy Lee portrayed .
Shanti Enathu Shanti is a Tamil film released in 1991 , directed and produced by T. Rajendar .
The Night Invader is a 1943 British , black - and - white , drama , thriller , war film , directed by Herbert Mason and starring Ronald Shiner as Witsen , Anne Crawford and David Farrar .
Vellathooval is a 2009 Malayalam movie by I. V. Sasi and also last film done by him , starring Rejith Menon , Nithya Menon and Lalu Alex .
Lead guitarist and vocalist of Green Day , Billie Joe Armstrong told Billboard that their aim for ¡ Cuatro ! as a documentary was `` not going to be the sitting down , head shot of me going , ' We started out blah blah blah ' .
Maria the Maid ( German : Maria , die Magd ) is a 1936 German drama film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Hilde Körber , Hilde Hildebrand and Alfred Abel .
The Night the Bridge Fell Down is an American action film starring James MacArthur , Desi Arnaz Jr. , and Leslie Nielsen .
Boundaries of the Heart is a 1988 film starring Wendy Hughes .
A Holy Terror is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western movie starring George O'Brien , Sally Eilers , Rita La Roy , and Humphrey Bogart .
Prem Nazir as Aromalunni Prem Nazir as Kunjiraman Sheela Ravichandran as Kannappanunni Ravichandran as Chandrappan Vijayasree Kaviyoor Ponnamma Adoor Bhasi Thikkurissi Sukumaran Nair Manavalan Joseph Adoor Pankajam Alummoodan GK Pillai K. P. Ummer as Thampikkutti Kaduvakulam Antony Paravoor Bharathan as Thirumeni Ragini S. P. Pillai as Paanan
Atomic Twister is an original television film starring Sharon Lawrence and Mark - Paul Gosselaar that was first aired in 2002 on TBS .
The Disorderly Orderly is a 1964 American comedy film released by Paramount Pictures , and starring Jerry Lewis .
Tamaar Padaar is a 2014 Malayalam satirical comedy film , scripted and directed by Dileesh Nair , starring Prithviraj Sukumaran Baburaj , Chemban Vinod and Srinda Ashab in pivotal roles .
Good Times was intended to be a vehicle for Esther Rolle and John Amos .
Christmas Town is a 2008 direct - to - video film starring Nicole de Boer and Patrick Muldoon .
She Got What She Wanted is an early talking film comedy - drama directed by James Cruze and starring his actress wife Betty Compson .
Vittorio ( Franco Citti ) , nicknamed `` Accattone '' ( meaning ' beggar ' in Italian ) , leads a mostly serene life as a pimp until his prostitute , Maddalena , is hurt by his rivals and sent to prison .
Brigitte et Brigitte is a 1966 French feature - length film written and directed by Cahiers du cinéma film critic Luc Moullet .
Woman Times Seven ( Sette Volte Donna in Italian ) is a 1967 Italian / French / American co - production anthology film of seven different episodes , all starring Shirley MacLaine , most of them based on aspects of adultery .
John Vernon as Steve Wojeck Patricia Collins as Marty Wojeck Ted Follows as Crown Attorney Arnold ( Arnie ) Bateman Carl Banas as Sgt . Bryon James Jennifer Dale played Wojeck 's daughter in the 1992 TV movie .
Bør Børson II is a 1976 Norwegian musical film directed by Stein - Roger Bull , starring Rolv Wesenlund and Britt Langlie .
The Hand That Feeds the Dead ( Italian : La mano che nutre la morte , also known as Evil Face ) is a 1974 Italian horror film directed by Sergio Garrone and starring Klaus Kinski .
The Woman Who Dared ( French title : Le Ciel est à vous ) ( English : The Sky is Yours ) is a 1944 French drama film directed by Jean Grémillon and starring Madeleine Renaud and Charles Vanel .
Pandippada is a 2005 Malayalam comedy film written and directed by Rafi Mecartin , starring Dileep , Navya Nair , and Prakash Raj in the lead roles .
Aitraaz features Amrish Puri , Paresh Rawal and Annu Kapoor in supporting roles .
Fjölnir was then succeeded by his son Sveigðir .
Peter Jefferson ( February 29 , 1708 -- August 17 , 1757 ) was the father of US President Thomas Jefferson ( 1743 - -1826 ) .
Domingo Bordaberry 's son Juan María Bordaberry served with him in a prominent Ruralist organization and later became President of Uruguay in 1972 .
The Homeric Hymn to Pythian Apollo makes the monster Typhaon the offspring of archaic Hera in her Minoan form , produced out of herself , like a monstrous version of Hephaestus , and whelped in a cave in Cilicia .
They have two sons , Paul Crouch , Jr. and Matthew Crouch .
Carl August Walther Sommerlath ( 22 January 1901 -- 21 October 1990 ) was a German businessman and the father of Queen Silvia of Sweden .
Polyeidos According to a scholiast on Homer ' s Iliad , Polyeidos had two sons , Euchenor and Cleitus , by Eurydameia , daughter of Phyleus .
Eventually , Yuan Lang 's son Yuan Huangtou was permitted to inherit the title of Prince of Anding .
In the Aeneid , Hyrtacus is credited with two more sons , Nisus and Hippocoon .
Bai Yun has since given birth to five other cubs , Mei Sheng ( 2003 ) , Su Lin ( 2005 ) , Zhen Zhen ( 2007 ) , Yun Zi ( 2009 ) , and Xiao Liwu ( 2012 ) , all via natural mating .
Emperor Daizong of Tang ( 9 January 727 -- 23 May 779 ) , personal name Li Yu ( 李豫 ) ( name changed in 758 after being created crown prince ) , né Li Chu ( 李俶 ) , was an emperor of the Chinese Tang Dynasty .
Several stone vessel inscriptions mention Hotepsekhemwy along with the name of his successor Raneb .
Astaman had a son , Lilik Sudjio , in 1930 ;
Eliphalet Remington was married to Abigail Paddock , and they had three sons , Philo Remington , Eliphalet Remington III , and Samuel Remington , all of whom followed their father into the family business .
They had two sons , Harry Elkins Widener ( 1885 - 1912 ) , George Dunton Widener , Jr. ( 1889 - 1971 ) , and a daughter , Eleanor Widener Dixon ( 1891 - 1953 ) .
Since Dausprungas is the only known brother of Mindaugas , Mindaugas ' nephews Edivydas and Tautvilas are presumed to be his sons .
Marie Marguerite , Duchess of Anjou ( née María Margarita Vargas Santaella ; born 21 October 1983 ) is a Venezuelan heiress and wife of Louis Alphonse of Bourbon , Duke of Anjou , who is considered by Legitimists to be the head of the French Royal House making Marie Marguerite the Legitimist titular queen consort of France .
Magnus Davidsohn 's daughter , Ilse Stanley , saved hundreds of Jews from concentration camps , and was the author of the book The Unforgotten ( Beacon Press , 1957 ) , a memoir of Weimar Germany and the Nazi years .
Osbern the Steward , known in French as Osbern de Crépon ( † about 1040 ) , was the Steward of two Dukes of Normandy and the father of William FitzOsbern , 1st Earl of Hereford , one of William the Conqueror 's closest counsellors .
William Richardson Belknap ( March 28 , 1849 -- June 2 , 1914 ) , was the son of William Burke Belknap the elder and Mary Richardson .
From this point on , Sima Daozi trusted no one but his teenage heir apparent , Sima Yuanxian , and entrusted the capital guards to Sima Yuanxian .
When Noah was five hundred years old , he begat Shem , Ham and Japheth ( Genesis 5:32 ) .
Turbolad Ulusbold Arsubolad Barsubolad Töröltu ( Gegeen abuhai ) Ochirbolad Alchubolad Albolad Dayan Khan Batumongke and Jimsgene 's children included :
Leonor Acevedo Suárez ( 1876 - -1975 ) was the mother of the Argentine author Jorge Luis Borges , and a major figure in his life and work .
Finally , the Red Banner was run by Nurhaci 's second son Daišan .
Gustav Leffers ( 2 January 1895 --27 December 1916 ) was a German flying ace in World War I , credited with 9 victories .
Heinz Haag ( 19 December 1918 -- 5 April 1994 ) was a German naval officer and Schnellboot commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Hezbollah reportedly used Toophan missiles against Israeli Merkava tanks during the 2006 Lebanon War .
Hans Christian Heg ( 21 December 1829 -- 20 September 1863 ) was a Norwegian - American politician and soldier in the American Civil War from Wisconsin .
The M-63 Plamen was widely used during the Yugoslav Wars .
Dr. Rufus Hessberg was an Army Medical Corps doctor during World War II and later was a pioneer aeromedical scientist .
The Burnside carbine was a breech - loading carbine that saw widespread use during the American Civil War .
Henry Winslow Woollett DSO , MC & Bar ( 5 August 1895 -- 31 October 1969 ) was a World War I fighter ace who scored 35 victories and continued to serve in the Royal Air Force during the 1920s .
Major Shaitan Singh Bhati , PVC ( 1 December 1924 - 18 November 1962 ) was an Indian Army officer , who was awarded Param Vir Chakra , the highest wartime gallantry medal , posthumously , for his leadership and courage during the Sino - Indian War of 1962 .
Dirk Pitt received a commendation for shooting down Admiral Sandecker 's plane during the Vietnam War .
HD 154345 ( Gliese 651 ) is a G - type dwarf star located in northern Hercules .
HD 149989 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation of Ara .
The Red Square Nebula is a celestial object located in the area of the sky occupied by star MWC 922 in the constellation Serpens .
HD 60532 c is an extrasolar planet located approximately 84 light - years away in the constellation of Puppis , orbiting the star HD 60532 .
Gliese 673 is an orange dwarf star in the constellation Ophiuchus .
HD 82785 is star in the southern constellation of Antlia .
HD 217107 ( 6 G. Piscium ) is a yellow subgiant star approximately 65 light - years away from Earth in the constellation of Pisces ( the Fish ) .
NGC 7424 is a barred spiral galaxy located 37.5 million light - years away in the southern constellation Grus ( the Crane ) .
Phi Herculis ( φ Her ) is a star in the constellation Hercules .
HD 175443 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra , approximately 410 light years away from Earth .
HD 45652 is a G8-K0 star located in the constellation Monoceros .
Messier 52 ( also known as M 52 or NGC 7654 ) is an open cluster in the Cassiopeia constellation .
119 Tauri ( CE Tau ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
82 G. Eridani ( HD 20794 , HR 1008 , e Eridani ) is a star about 20 light years away from Earth in the constellation Eridanus .
HD 102272 is a K - type giant star approximately 800 light - years away in the constellation of Leo .
HD 83183 , also known as h Carinae ( h Car ) is a star in the constellation Carina .
86 Aquarii ( abbreviated 86 Aqr ) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
IC 1517 is an elliptical galaxy , of apparent magnitude + 13.8 , in the constellation Pisces .
HD 4391 is a triple star system in the constellation Phoenix that is located at a distance of 48.7 light years from the Sun . The primary has a stellar classification of G3V , which is a G - type main sequence star .
HR 8799 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 129 light - years away in the constellation of Pegasus , orbiting the 6th magnitude Lambda Boötis star HR 8799 .
HD 96919 , also known by its Bayer designation of z2 Carinae and variable star designation of V371 Carinae , is a star in the constellation Carina .
HD 92788 is a G - type star located approximately 107 light - years away in the constellation of Sextans .
HD 65216 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 116 light - years away in the constellation of Carina , orbiting the star HD 65216 .
HD 178233 is a 6th magnitude star in the constellation Lyra , approximately 133 light years from Earth .
NGC 404 is a field galaxy located about 10 million light years away in the constellation Andromeda .
NGC 5792 is a barred spiral galaxy about 83 million light - years away in the constellation Libra .
WISE 1541−2250 ( full designation WISEPA J154151.66−225025.2 ) is a sub - brown or brown dwarf of spectral class Y0.5 , located in the constellation Libra at approximately 18.6 light - years from Earth .
HD 141569 is a blue - white dwarf star approximately 320 light - years away in the constellation of Libra .
HD 100777 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 172 light - years away in the constellation of Leo , orbiting the star HD 100777 .
Messier 18 or M18 ( also designated NGC 6613 ) is an open cluster of stars in the constellation Sagittarius .
NGC 4420 is an unbarred spiral galaxy located 77 million light - years away in the constellation Virgo .
NGC 3223 is a faint barred spiral galaxy in the constellation Antlia .
UGC 2885 is a spiral galaxy located 310 million light - years away in the constellation Perseus .
NGC 4517 is a spiral galaxy located approximately 40 million light - years away in the constellation of Virgo .
66 Tauri ( 66 Tau ) is a star in the constellation Taurus .
HIP 5158 is a 10th magnitude K - type main sequence star located approximately 130 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
Gliese 832 b ( Gl 832 b or GJ 832 b ) is an extrasolar planet located approximately 16 light - years from our sun in the constellation of Grus , orbiting the red dwarf star Gliese 832 .
Kemble 's Cascade ( Kemble 1 ) , located in the constellation Camelopardalis , is an asterism -- a pattern created by unrelated stars .
HD 129116 , also known by its Bayer designation b Centauri ( b Cen ) , is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
The star HD 171978 is a spectroscopic binary in the constellation of Serpens .
19 Aquarii ( abbreviated 19 Aqr ) is a star in the constellation of Aquarius .
HD 93250 is a highly luminous hot blue star in the Carina Nebula in the constellation Carina .
Gliese 588 is a nearby red dwarf star of spectral type M2.5 , located in constellation Lupus at 19.34 light - years from Earth .
Tau Scorpii is a star in the southern zodiac constellation of Scorpius .
WASP-17b is an exoplanet in the constellation Scorpius that is orbiting the star WASP-17 .
Runcorn Glacier ( 72 ° 3′S 62 ° 42′W ) is a glacier to the west of Hess Mountains in Antarctica .
Mount Schumann is a mountain rising to about 600 m ( 1,969 ft ) southwest of the head of Brahms Inlet on the Beethoven Peninsula and lies 2 mi ( 3 km ) northeast of Chopin Hill in the southwest portion of Alexander Island , Antarctica .
Lincoln Nunatak ( 67 ° 27′S 68 ° 43′W ) is a snow - capped nunatak with a rocky west face , at the end of a ridge running westward from Mount Mangin on Adelaide Island , Antarctica .
McKay Valley ( 79 ° 53′S 156 ° 40′E ) is the central of three largely ice - free valleys that trend east from Midnight Plateau in the Darwin Mountains of Antarctica .
The Melsom Rocks ( 60 ° 31′S 46 ° 10′W ) are a group of isolated rocks lying 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) north of the Despair Rocks and 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ) west of Penguin Point , the northwest end of Coronation Island , in the South Orkney Islands off Antarctica .
The Morozumi Range ( 71 ° 39′S 161 ° 55′E ) is a spectacular mountain range of unusual scenic beauty in Antarctica , extending northwest -- southeast for 25 nautical miles ( 46 km ) , with its northern elevations overlooking the convergence of Gressitt Glacier and Rennick Glacier .
Cape Danger is the rocky point forming the northwest extremity of the ice - free Desolation Island situated in the entrance to Hero Bay , Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands , Antarctica .
Husky Massif ( 71 ° 0′S 65 ° 9′E ) is a rock outcrop 2,100 metres ( 6,900 ft ) high , about 2.5 nautical miles ( 5 km ) long , standing 6.5 nautical miles ( 12 km ) southwest of Mount Bewsher in the Aramis Range of the Prince Charles Mountains , Antarctica .
Cape Cheetham ( 70 ° 18′S 162 ° 42′E ) is an ice - covered cape forming the northeast extremity of Stuhlinger Ice Piedmont , Victoria Land , Antarctica .
The Hardy Rocks ( 66 ° 16′S 67 ° 17′W ) are insular rocks lying 2 nautical miles ( 4 km ) west of DuBois Island , in the Biscoe Islands of Antarctica .
Meremäe ( also known as Mihailova , Mihailovo ) is a village in Võru County , southeastern Estonia .
Tešanovci ( Hungarian : Mezővár , Prekmurje Slovene ( sometimes ) : Tišanovci ) is a village immediately east of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Hanger River ( also transliterated Angar River ) is a river in west central Ethiopia .
The Shire of Glenelg is a local government area in the Barwon South West region of Victoria , Australia , located in the south - western part of the state .
Perugia railway station , also known as Perugia Fontivegge railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Perugia ; Stazione di Perugia Fontivegge ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Perugia , in the region of Umbria , central Italy .
Op Luang National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติออบหลวง ) is a national park in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Maçka ( Greek : Ματσούκα Matsoúka , the `` club '' ; Laz : მაჩხა Maçxa ) is a town and district of Trabzon Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Shirán is a town in Northern Peru , located in the district of Poroto in Trujillo Province of the region La Libertad .
Masgareh ( Persian : مسگره‎ ; also known as Qal``eh Mashkara ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 19 families .
Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology ( DA - IICT ) , is a technological university located in Gandhinagar , Gujarat , India .
The Route nationale 12 , or RN12 , is a trunk road ( nationale ) in France connecting Paris with Brittany .
Kuchu - ye Khorzehreh ( Persian : كوچو خرزهره‎ , also Romanized as Kūchū - ye Khorzehreh ) is a village in Jam Rural District , in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Atlético Club San Martín ( popularly known as San Martín de Mendoza ) is a football club from the city of San Martín in Mendoza Province , Argentina .
Amarasi was a traditional princedom in West Timor , in present - day Indonesia .
The Liquor Control Board of Ontario ( LCBO ) is a non - share capital provincial Crown corporation in Ontario , Canada .
Ethnographic Museum Artis ( Dutch : Ethnographisch Museum Artis ) was an ethnographic museum in Amsterdam , Netherlands .
The University of Hargeisa ( UOH ) is a public university located in Hargeisa , the capital of the northwestern Somaliland autonomous region of Somalia .
Joint Management Entrance Test ( JMET ) was an admission exam used by some institutes in India as the first step in the admission to postgraduate programs in management .
The Riga Metro ( Latvian : Rīgas metro ) was a planned metro system in Riga , Latvia , during the time of the Soviet Union .
Buffalo Lake Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in northern Alberta , Canada within Smoky Lake County .
Mokrzyca Mała ( mɔˈkʂɨt͡sa ˈmawa ) ( German : Klein Mokratz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Vollevannet is a freshwater lake in Kristiansand , between Gimlekollen and exit from the E18 to the Vest - Agder Museum Kristiansand and Ålefjær ( county road 452 ) in Vest - Agder county , Norway .
Parriwi Head Light , also known as Rosherville Light and Port Jackson Entrance Range Rear Light , is an active lighthouse located just off Parriwi Road , near Rosherville Reserve on the south side of Middle Harbour in Mosman , New South Wales , Australia .
Navai Mahalleh ( Persian : نوائي محله‎ , also Romanized as Navā’ī Maḩalleh ; also known as Navā’ī Maḩalleh - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Emamzadeh Abdollah Rural District , Dehferi District , Fereydunkenar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Brigadier Hector Eduardo Ruiz , IATA : SUZ , ICAO : SAZC ) is a public use airport located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) east - northeast of Coronel Suárez , Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Ranala is a town and taluka in the Nandurbar subdivision of Nandurbar district in Nashik division of Kandesh region of Maharashtra state in India .
Balama is a town in Balama District of Cabo Delgado Province in northern Mozambique .
Parachinar ( Urdu : پاڑاچنار‎ , Pashto : پاړا چنار‎ ) is the capital of Kurram Agency , and the largest city of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Liftaya ( Arabic : لفتايا‎ , also spelled Laftaya ) is a village in central Syria , administratively part of the Homs Governorate , located southwest of Homs near Lake Homs .
Mount Karisimbi is an inactive volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of Congo .
Zongoiri Natinga is a community in the Bawku West District of the Upper East Region of Ghana , to the northwest of a bend in the White Volta River .
Glonowo ( ɡlɔˈnɔvɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ein Yahav Airfield ( Hebrew : מנחת עין יהב‎ ) , officially known as Sapir Airfield ( מנחת ספיר ) , is a small desert airfield in southern Israel 's Arabah between the Dead Sea and Eilat .
Chal Raz ( Persian : چالرز‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Raz ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Point Davenport Conservation Park is a protected area occupying Point Davenpoint , a headland between Foul Bay and Sturt Bay on the south coast of Yorke Peninsula in South Australia about 19.8 kilometres ( 12.3 mi ) south of Warooka .
Ezhana Wolene ( `` Ezha and Wolene '' ) was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Daba Gardens ( `` Daba Vari Thota '' ) is a neighborhood in Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Budlewo ( buˈdlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The National University of Tainan ( NUTN ; Chinese : 國立臺南大學 ; pinyin : Guólì Táinán Dàxué ) is a university in East District , Tainan , Taiwan .
The Coronado Bay is a body of water located on the southwestern Pacific coast of Costa Rica .
Stettynskloof Dam is a combined earth - fill / rock - fill type dam located on the Stettynskloof River in South Africa .
The Sinop Nuclear Power Plant ( Turkish : Sinop Nükleer Enerji Santrali ) is a planned nuclear plant located at Sinop in northern Turkey .
The Macagua Dam , officially known as Antonio José de Sucre , is an embankment dam with concrete gravity sections on the Caroní River in Ciudad Guayana , Bolívar State , Venezuela .
Jaśliska Landscape Park ( Jaśliski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - eastern Poland , established in 1992 .
The Danish Revue Museum ( Danish : Det Danske Revymuseum ) is based in a former country house on Allégade in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Syiah Kuala University ( Indonesian : Universitas Syiah Kuala ( Unsyiah ) ) , founded on September 2 , 1960 , is the largest and the oldest national university in Banda Aceh , Indonesia .
Uddharanpur is a small village in Burdwan district in West Bengal , India .
Agios Dimitrios Piliou ( Greek : Άγιος Δημήτριος Πηλίου ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Zagora - Mouresi , in the eastern part of Magnesia , Greece .
The British Federation of Roller Skating is a roller skating organisation in the United Kingdom .
Kamyana Mohyla ( Ukrainian : Кам'яна Могила ; Russian : Каменная могила ; Kamennaya mogila , literally : `` stone tomb '' ) is an archaeological site in the Molochna River ( literally `` Milk river '' ) valley , about a mile from the village of Terpinnya , Zaporizhia Oblast , Ukraine .
Pletena ( Bulgarian : Плетена ) is a village in Southwestern Bulgaria .
Khan Takhti ( Persian : خان تختي‎ , also Romanized as Khān Takhtī and Khantakhty ; also known as Khantakh ) is a village in Kenarporuzh Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Leisnig is a small town in the district of Mittelsachsen , federal Free State of Saxony in Germany .
Ņivņiki is a town located in Latvia .
Šalov ( Hungarian : Garamsalló ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
The Ganale Doria River ( also transliterated as Genale Dorya ) is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia .
The Backus - Page House Museum is a living history museum located in the heart of the Talbot Settlement in Wallacetown , Ontario Canada .
The Pa Sak River ( Thai : แม่น้ำป่าสัก , rtgs : Maenam Pa Sak , IPA : ( mɛ̂ːnáːm pàː sàk ) , Pronunciation ) is a river in central Thailand .
Under the Ural bomber program , he began secret talks with two of Germany 's leading aircraft manufacturers , Dornier and Junkers , requesting designs for a long - range bomber .
İmanlar ( also , Imanlar and Imanushaga ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Vrbnje ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾbnjɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Radovljica in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Museum of Italian Art is a public museum in Lima , Peru , under the administration of the National Culture Institute .
Politics Can Be Different ( alternative translation : ' Another Politics Is Possible ' ) ( Hungarian : Lehet Más a Politika , LMP ) is a green - liberal political party in Hungary .
Bački Petrovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бачки Петровац , Slovak : Báčsky Petrovec ) is a town and municipality in the South Bačka District of Vojvodina , Serbia .
Jakarta Inner Ring Road ( Jalan Tol Dalam Kota Jakarta ) is a toll road circling the city of Jakarta , Indonesia .
Rettai Eri , locally known as Retteri , is a lake in the Kolathur area of Chennai , India .
Krishnath College School , located in Berhampore , is one of the oldest school in Bengal as well as in India .
San Lucas Military Airstrip ( IATA : N / A ) is the military dirt airstrip located at Military Camp Number 40-C , located in San Lucas , 5 km South of Santa Rosalía , Municipality of Mulegé , Baja California Sur , Mexico , just on the Gulf of California coast .
Razaviyeh - ye Abkhvorak ( Persian : رضويه ابخورك‎ , also Romanized as Raẕavīyeh - ye Ābkhvorak ; also known as Ab Khorak , Ābkhowr , Ābkhūr , Ab Khūrak , Āb Khvor , and Ābkhvorak ) is a village in Dastgerdan Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Cribbar ( Cornish - kribow : reefs ) , also known as the Widow Maker , is a reef off the Towan Headland in Newquay , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Zlavast ( Serbian : Злаваст ) is a village in the municipality of Bugojno , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Gmina Raszków is an urban - rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Ostrów Wielkopolski County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
San Andrés Itzapa ( Spanish pronunciation : ( anˈdɾes itˈsapa ) ) is a municipality of Chimaltenango , Guatemala .
The Kuruabaru River is an east bank tributary of the Demerara River in northern Guyana .
Paattinen ( Swedish : Patis ) is a village in south - west Finland and a district of the city of Turku .
Zenica ( Bosnian pronunciation : ( zɛ̂nitsa ) ) is the fourth - largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina , and the capital of the Zenica - Doboj Canton of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity .
Gáshólmur is a small islet on the southside of Sørvágsfjørður in the Faroe Islands .
Nagorno - Karabakh is internationally recognized as part of Azerbaijan , but most of the region is governed by the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic , a de facto independent but unrecognized state established on the basis of the Nagorno - Karabakh Autonomous Oblast of the Azerbaijan SSR .
Neralur ( Kannada : ನೆರಳೂರು ) is a village in Anekal taluk , Bangalore urban district , India .
Wad Hamid is a city on the Nile about 60 kilometres north of Khartoum , Sudan .
Leşkər ( also , Ləşkər and Leshker ) is a village in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Kharrazan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان خرازان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Tafresh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Rah Javian ( Persian : مزرعه راه جويان‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Rāh Javīān ) is a village in Horgan Rural District , in the Central District of Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 44 , in 9 families .
Pangasinan ( Pangasinan : Luyag na Pangasinan ) is a province in the Philippines .
The Marinier Archipelago groups the Odanak Islands , three islands located in the southern end of Lake Magog in the Estrie region of Quebec , Canada .
In 1998 in Copenhagen , Denmark , University of Copenhagen alumni Thomas Albert , Jakob Christensen , Peter Christensen , Ole Sas Thrane , and current Sitecore CEO Michael Seifert cofounded Pentia A / S , a systems integration company that focused on implementing websites built on Microsoft technologies .
Beit HaGadi ( Hebrew : בֵּית הַגָּדִי , lit . House of the Gad ) is a religious moshav in southern Israel .
Gmina Gubin is a rural gmina ( administrative district ) in Krosno Odrzańskie County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland , on the German border .
Karuvatta earned notoriety in Kerala when film representative Chacko was murdered in Karuvatta by Sukumara Kurup , the first accused and his co - accused accomplices in the sensational murder case of 1984 which shell - shocked not only Kerala 's but also India 's conscience .
Budowlani Łódź ( Klub Sportowy Budowlani Łódź ) is a sports club based in Łódź , Poland .
Bytków TV Tower is a 110 metre tall RadioTV tower in Siemianowice Śląskie , Poland , on the border with Bytków , an urban part of Katowice .
Mazraeh - ye Darghar ( Persian : مزرعه درغار‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Darghār ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Various shipwrecks remain visible in Anglin Bay ; many of these ships belonged to the former Montreal Transportation Company shipyard at the entrance to Anglin Bay or to Canada Steamship Lines of Montreal .
Saattoq ( old spelling : Sâtoq ) is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Angria Bank is a bank , a shallow sunken atoll , on the continental shelf off the west coast of India .
Varadis Palace ( Thai : วังวรดิศ ; rtgs : Wang Woradit ) is the former residence of Prince Damrong in Bangkok , Thailand .
Rupsi Airfield is a former wartime United States Army Air Forces airfield in India used during World War II . It is now abandoned .
Autopass ( stylized autoPASS ) is an electronic toll collection system used in Norway .
The Mickiewicz Square ( Ukrainian : Площа Міцкевича , trans . Ploshcha Mitskevycha ) is one of the main squares in the city of Lviv , Ukraine .
Mongla Bandar Secondary School is a public school in Mongla Upazila of Bagerhat District , Bangladesh .
The Future of Åland ( Swedish : Ålands Framtid ; Finnish : Ahvenanmaan tulevaisuus ) is a separatist political party in the Åland Islands .
Sareh Vian ( Persian : سره ويان‎ , also Romanized as Sareh Vīān ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Errachidia ( Arabic : الرشيدية‎ , ar - Rachīdīya ) is a city in Morocco , located in the province of Errachidia , in the region of Drâa - Tafilalet .
Thoury is a commune of the Loir - et - Cher department in central France .
Skogmo Chapel ( Norwegian : Skogmo kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Gedeb is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia , named after its major town , Gedeb .
Nuwara Eliya District ( Tamil : நுவரேலியா மாவட்டம் , Sinhalese : නුවරඑළිය දිස්ත්‍රික්කය ) is a district in Central Province , Sri Lanka , centered on the tourist city of Nuwara Eliya .
Bratuszewo ( bratuˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurzętnik , within Nowe Miasto County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Akkayapalle is a census town in Visakhapatnam district in the state of Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Surabay National High School ( Mataas na Paaralan ng Surabay ) is a DepEd well recognized high school located at Surabay , Roseller Lim Zamboanga Sibugay in the Philippines .
The Great Canadian Theatre Company , known for short as GCTC , is a professional theatre company based in Ottawa , Canada .
Anefif or Anéfis is a Saharan village and commune in the Cercle of Kidal in the Kidal Region of north - eastern Mali .
Osinniki ( Russian : Оси́нники ) , known until 1938 as Osinovka ( Оси́новка ) , is a town in Kemerovo Oblast , Russia .
The Kartitsch Saddle ( German : Kartitscher Sattel ) ( elevation 1,525 m ) is a high mountain pass in Austria between the Dolomites and the Carnic Alps in the Bundesland of Tyrol .
Kandsar - e Zeyn Pareh ( Persian : كندسرزين پره‎ ) is a village in Otaqvar Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sembiapalayam ( Tamil : செம்பியபாளையம் ) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Munsee - Delaware Nation is a Lenape First Nations band government located 24 kilometres ( 15 mi ) west of St. Thomas , in southwest Ontario , Canada .
Chah - e Dowpowk ( Persian : چاه دوپوك‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Dowpowk ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Morelia is a city and municipality in the north central part of the state of Michoacán in central Mexico .
The Cleveland Clinic Abu Dhabi ( كليفلاند كلينك أبو ظبي , known as CCAD ) is a multi specialty hospital located in Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Vezvar ( Persian : وزوار‎ , also Romanized as Vezvār ) is a village in Tuskacheshmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Patronaat is one of the 10 largest alternative pop music halls in the Netherlands and was established in 1984 .
In Susan Ball 's book , Ball explains that Purism was an attempt to restore regularity in a war - torn France post World War I.
Vənlik ( also , Venlik and Vannik ) is a village and municipality in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Hergersweiler is a municipality in the Südliche Weinstraße district , in Rhineland - Palatinate , western Germany .
The ( A. N. ) Hansen Mansion ( Danish : A. N. Hansens Palæ ) is a Neoclassical town house in the Frederiksstaden neighbourhood of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Winjas is the generic term for two spinning roller coasters , Winjas Fear and Winjas Force , at Phantasialand in Germany .
Sremska Kamenica ( Cyrillic : Сремска Каменица , pronounced ( sreɛ̂ːmskaː kâmenit͡sa ) ) is a town and urban neighborhood of Novi Sad , in Serbia .
The Nkomati mine is a large mine in the north - east of South Africa near Machadodorp in Mpumalanga .
Anacapri is a comune on the island of Capri , in the Metropolitan City of Naples , Italy .
Europa Plus is Russia 's first and the most popular commercial radio station , owned by the European Media Group .
The Valley of the Queens ( Arabic : وادي الملكات‎ Wādī al Malekāt ) is a place in Egypt where wives of Pharaohs were buried in ancient times .
Kostobobriv ( Ukrainian : Костобобрів ; Russian : Костобобров ) is a village in the Semenivka Raion ( district ) of Chernihiv Oblast ( province ) in northern Ukraine .
The Maujahn or Maujahn Moor ( also known colloquially in German as the Maujahnskuhle ) is a kettle bog in North Germany which began as a sinkhole .
Habibabad - e Durag ( Persian : حبيب اباددورگ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩabībābād - e Dūrag ; also known as Ḩabībābād ) is a village in Rostam - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hoseynabad va Mahmudabad Industrial Estate of Isfahan ( Persian : شهرك صنعتي حسين آبادومحمودآباداصفهان‎ -- Shahrak - e Şanʿatī - ye Ḩoseynābād va Maḩmūdābād - e Eşfahān ) is a village and company town in Mahmudabad Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Killonaghan or Killonahan ( Irish : Cill Onchan ) is a civil parish in County Clare , Ireland .
Bowheyri ( Persian : بوحيري‎ , also Romanized as Bowḩeyrī ; also known as Boheiri , Boḩeyrī , and Boveyrī ) is a village in Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Dashti County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Mount Lykaion ( Ancient Greek : Λύκαιον ὄρος , Lýkaion Óros ; Latin : Mons Lycaeus ) is a mountain in Arcadia , Greece .
The Somerset Region is a local government area located in the West Moreton region of South East Queensland , Australia , about 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) northwest of Brisbane and centred on the town of Esk .
Actaeon Island is a 15.65 ha dolerite island game reserve in south - eastern Australia .
Małocice ( mawɔˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czosnów , within Nowy Dwór Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kizielewszczyzna ( kiʑɛlɛfʂˈt͡ʂɨzna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Alkmaarderhout or Alkmaarder Hout , more commonly known as `` De Hout '' ( Dutch for `` the wood(s ) '' ) , in Alkmaar is the oldest city park in the Netherlands , dating from 1607 .
Barrackpore Air Force Station is an Indian Air Force base located at Barrackpore in the state of West Bengal , India .
Metlika Castle ( pronounced ( mɛˈtliːka ) ; Slovene : Grad Metlika or Metliški Grad ) is a 15th - century castle located above the old part of the town of Metlika in southeastern Slovenia , very near the Croatian border .
Vidyaranya High School for Boys and Girls is a high school based in Hyderabad , India .
Bourbriac ( Breton : Boulvriag , Gallo : Bólbriac ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
San Sai Noi ( Thai : สันทรายน้อย ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of San Sai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Tangeh Savashi ( Persian : تنگ ساواشی ) or Tangeh Vashi ( Persian : تنگ واشی ) is a gorge and mountain pass in the Alborz range of Iran ( Persia ) .
Frestonia was the name adopted by the residents of Freston Road when they attempted to secede from the United Kingdom in 1977 .
Moszczenica - Osiedle ( mɔʂt͡ʂɛˈnit͡sa ɔˈɕɛdlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Czeladź Wielka ( ˈt͡ʂɛlat͡ɕ ˈvjɛlka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Houlong Station ( Chinese : 後龍車站 ; pinyin : Hòulóng Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line ( Coast Line ) located in Houlong Township , Miaoli County , Taiwan .
Cape Blanche is a headland located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south south - west of the town of Streaky Bay and about 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) west of the town of Sceale Bay .
Łaszczów ( ˈwaʂt͡ʂuf ) is a town in Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Idjwi or Ijwi is an island in Lake Kivu , belonging to the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Łońsko ( ˈwɔɲskɔ ) ( German : Lonsker Feld ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krajenka , within Złotów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Stefan Karadzhovo ( Bulgarian : Стефан Караджово ) is a village in Yambol Province , south Bulgaria .
The Bonn Women 's Museum ( German : Frauenmuseum Bonn ) is a women 's museum in Bonn , Germany .
Gostilya ( Bulgarian : Гостиля ; also transliterated Gostilja ) is a village in central northern Bulgaria , located in Dolna Mitropoliya municipality , Pleven Province .
Sławocin ( swaˈvɔt͡ɕin ) ( German : Schlabrendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolsko , within Nowa Sól County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Lévézou is a geographical region in the Aveyron department in southern France .
Stare Jeżewo ( ˈstarɛ jɛˈʐɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Hadeed Plateau ( Somali : Xadeed , Arabic : حَدًيْد‎ ) is a rangeland situated in the northern Sanaag region of Somalia .
Saasveld Forestry College is a college for the training of foresters , situated on the Garden Route in South Africa between George and Knysna .
Granisle is a village on Babine Lake in the Northern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , to the north of Topley between Burns Lake and Houston .
The Castle of San Servando is a medieval castle in Toledo , Spain , next the Tagus River .
Satovcha Municipality is a municipality in southwestern Bulgaria and is one of the municipalities in the Blagoevgrad Province .
Chalmian ( Persian : چلميان‎ , also Romanized as Chalmīān ) is a village in Hasan Reza Rural District , in the Central District of Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kerteminde Fjord is a fjord of northeastern Funen , Denmark , south of the Odense Fjord .
Emamabad - e Sistaniha ( Persian : امام ابادسيستانيها‎ , also Romanized as Emāmābād - e Sīstānīhā ; also known as Emāmābād and Āvānsīyeh ) is a village in Katul Rural District , in the Central District of Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Lenasia is a formerly exclusively Indian township south of Soweto in Gauteng Province , South Africa .
Dixie Outlet Mall , also referred to as Dixie Value Mall , is a shopping mall in Mississauga , Canada , located on the south side of the Queen Elizabeth Way highway .
Alonsotegi ( Spanish : Alonsotegui ) is a municipality in the province of Biscay , Basque Country , Spain .
From 1969 to 1976 , the former Jarry Park Stadium ( located in the southwest corner of the park , now Uniprix Stadium ) was the home of the Montreal Expos , Canada 's first Major League Baseball team .
The Chinese Domain Name Consortium , created on 19 May 2000 , is a collaboration among the People 's Republic of China , the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) , Hong Kong and Macau to come up with a standard way to create a domain name system for Chinese characters .
Tombel is a town and commune in the Southwest Region of Cameroon , in the north of the Mungo Valley .
Chal Khoshk ( Persian : چال خشك‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Khoshk ; also known as Chāl Kheshtak ) is a village in Zardalan Rural District , Helilan District , Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Cordillera Administrative Region ( Filipino : Rehiyong Pampangasiwaan ng Cordillera ; Ilocano : Rehion Administratibo ti Cordillera ) , designated as CAR , is a region in the Philippines in the island of Luzon .
Gugul ( Persian : گوگول‎‎ , also Romanized as Gūgūl and Gowgal ) is a village in Atrak Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Bremer Teich ( `` Bremer Pond '' ) is an historic reservoir that lies south of the two villages of Bad Suderode and Gernrode in the Harz Mountains of Germany , and is used as a recreation area ( natural swimming pool and camp site ) .
Campile railway station served the village of Campile in County Wexford , Ireland .
The Ballstorp Runestone , listed as Vg 62 in the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone located on the grounds of the ruins of a church in Ballstorp , which is about 8 kilometers northwest of Floby , Västra Götaland County , Sweden , which is in the historic province of Västergötland .
Gioia Tauro is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Reggio Calabria , in Calabria ( Italy ) , on the Tyrrhenian coast .
École supérieure d'Art de Grenoble is a secondary school specialising in arts in Grenoble , France .
Galvin Park Reserve is a multi - use sporting reserve in Melbourne , Australia .
The Training Quality Standard is a standard given by the United Kingdom government to training providers whose provision is assessed as being of high quality .
K - Days , formerly known as Klondike Days and Edmonton 's Capital Ex , is an annual 10-day exhibition held in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada , usually near the end of July .
San Andrés Xecul ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san anˈdɾes ʃeˈkul ) ) is a municipality in the Totonicapán department of Guatemala .
The Château de Ravel is a castle situated in the commune of Ravel , in the département of Puy - de - Dôme , France .
The Alþingi ( anglicised as Althing or Althingi ) is the national parliament ( literally : `` ( the ) all - thing '' , or general assembly ) of Iceland .
Jens Munk Island is one of the Canadian arctic islands in Qikiqtaaluk Region , Nunavut , Canada .
Napinka is an unincorporated community in southwestern Manitoba , Canada .
Paços de Ferreira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpasuʒ ðɨ fɨˈʁɐjɾɐ ) ) is a municipality in the Norte Region of Portugal .
The Red Hill railway line in Melbourne , Australia , was a rural railway branching off from the Stony Point railway line at Bittern .
Yio Chu Kang is a sub - urban area in the northeast of Singapore , with proximity to the Ang Mo Kio , Seletar and Serangoon areas .
The Gisborne City Vintage Railway Incorporated is a railway preservation group based in Gisborne , New Zealand .
Asian Highway 81 ( AH81 ) is a road in the Asian Highway Network running 1143 km ( 714 miles ) from Larsi , Georgia to Baku , Azerbaijan , with ferry connection to Aktau , Kazakhstan .
Bökingharde ( Mooring North Frisian : Böökinghiird ; Danish : Bøking Herred ) was an amt ( collective municipality ) in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Mittelplate is Germany 's largest oil field which is located 7 km ( 4.3 mi ) from the shore , in environmentally important Schleswig - Holstein Wadden Sea National Parks tidal flats .
Shipgyer is a village in Chungthang subdivision , North Sikkim district , Sikkim , India .
The church of Santi Marco e Andrea a Nilo is a former Roman Catholic church , located on via Paladino # 50 in central Naples , Italy .
Zaranj Airport ( IATA : ZAJ , ICAO : OAZJ ) is a domestic airport located by the city of Zaranj in far southwestern Afghanistan .
The Human Values and Mental Health Foundation ( Turkish : İnsani Değerler ve Ruh Sağlığı Vakfı ) is a non - governmental charitable organization in Turkey .
Khowrah - e Sofla ( Persian : خوره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khowrah - e Soflá ; also known as Khāūra , Khooreh Olya , Khooreh Sofla , and Khowrah ) is a village in Dehshir Rural District , in the Central District of Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Simikot is the administrative headquarters of Humla District of Karnali Zone in the mountain region of northwestern Nepal .
Sesto Fiorentino , known locally as just Sesto , is a municipality ( comune ) in the province of Florence , Tuscany , central Italy .
Sayij Mahalleh ( Persian : سائيج محله‎ , also Romanized as Sāyīj Maḩalleh ; also known as Sā’ch Maḩalleh , Sag Maḩalleh , and Saj Maḩalleh ) is a village in Pain Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Sejong Science High School ( SJSH ) is a science high school ( for ages 15 - -18 ) located in Guro - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
Hammam Essalihine ( Aquae Flavianae ) is an ancient Roman Bath situated in the Aurès Mountains in the El Hamma District in the Khenchela Province of Algeria .
Pir Yadegar ( Persian : پيريادگار‎ , also Romanized as Pīr Yādegār and Pīr Yādgār ; also known as Pirdavār and Pīr Dāwar ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Shomali Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Great Sugar Loaf ( Irish : Ó Cualann or Beannach Mhór ) , also known as the Big Sugar Loaf and often as simply the Sugar Loaf , is a hill in east County Wicklow in Ireland .
Tuhobići ( Cyrillic : Тухобићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Tolne station is a railway station serving the village of Tolne in Tolne hills in Vendsyssel , Denmark .
Mərcanlı ( also , Mirzanagly and Mirzanagyly ) is a village in the Jabrayil Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Pyeonggang Station ( Hangul : 평강역 ; hanja : 平江驛 ) is a station of the BGLRT Line of Busan Metro in Daejeo - dong , Gangseo District , Busan , South Korea .
Several of India 's major learning institutes are located in Jadavpur , around the Raja SC Mullick Road , including the Jadavpur University , the Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science , KPC Medical College and Hospital , West Bengal 's first private - public partnership medical college , the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology among others .
Kumbo , also known as Kimbo , is the second - largest city in the North West Province of Cameroon and the capital of Bui Division .
Taroom Airport ( IATA : XTO , ICAO : YTAM ) is an airport located 11 nautical miles ( 20 km ; 13 mi ) southeast of Taroom , Queensland , Australia .
Avenida del Libertador is one of the principal thoroughfares in Buenos Aires , Argentina , and in points north , extending 25 km ( 16 mi ) from the Retiro District of Buenos Aires to the northern suburb of San Fernando .
Ba Shahsavar ( Persian : باشهسوار‎ , also Romanized as Bā Shahsavār ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Dajabón River ( also called Massacre River ) is a river of the Dominican Republic .
The MSA British Rally Championship is a rallying series based in the United Kingdom .
Forward Operating Base Lagman or more simply FOB Lagman is a former forward operating base operated by both the United States and Romanian Armed Forces in Afghanistan .
Seongdangmot Station is a station of a city railroad of the first line in Nam - gu Daegu , South Korea .
Chah - e Mil ( Persian : چاه ميل‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Mīl and Chāhmīl ) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kalix Church ( Swedish : Kalix kyrka , sometimes Nederkalix kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church in Kalix in Norrbotten County , Sweden .
Melikgazi is a metropolitan district of Kayseri in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey .
Kamojang , popularly known as Kawah Kamojang or ( the Kamojang crater ) , is a geothermal field and tourist spot in West Java , Indonesia .
Reshafim ( Hebrew : רְשָׁפִים , lit . Sparks ) is a kibbutz in northeastern Israel .
Trnov Hrib ( pronounced ( ˈtəɾnɔu̯ ˈxɾiːp ) ) is a settlement in the hills to the west of Laško in eastern Slovenia .
Abgaman ( Persian : ابگمان‎ , also Romanized as Ābgamān ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Berseba ( Nama : ǃAutsawises ) is a village in the ǁKaras Region of southern Namibia and the district capital of the Berseba electoral constituency .
Eastmaninstitutet ( The Eastman Institute ) is a dental care centre for children located in Vasastaden , Stockholm , Sweden .
Huiakama is a settlement in inland Taranaki , in the western North Island of New Zealand .
' Sarableh ( Persian : سرابله‎ , also Romanized as ' ) is a city in and capital of Chardaval County , Ilam Province , Iran .
IBK Sundsvall was a floorball club in Sundsvall , Sweden , established in 1986 .
Ballószög is a village and municipality in Bács - Kiskun county , in the Southern Great Plain region of southern Hungary .
Richterswil railway station ( German : Bahnhof Richterswil ) is a railway station that serves the municipality of Richterswil , in the canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
The Albertina is a museum in the Innere Stadt ( First District ) of Vienna , Austria .
Gaboš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Габош ) is a village in Vukovar - Srijem County , Croatia .
Koengen is an outdoor concert venue in the city centre of Bergen , Norway .
Adlerhorst ( Eagle 's eyrie ) was a World War II bunker complex in Germany , located in the rural area of Langenhain - Ziegenberg , Wiesental Wetterau and Kransberg in the Taunus mountains in the state of Hesse .
Dolenja Vas pri Temenici ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈteːmɛnitsi ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Temenici , German : Niederdorf ) is a small settlement on the right bank of the Temenica River in the Municipality of Ivančna Gorica in central Slovenia .
Srokowo ( srɔˈkɔvɔ ) ( 1945 - 50 : Dryfort ) , ( German : Drengfurt ) is a village in Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Wasij was a village near Farab in Kazakhstan and the birthplace of the Central Asian scientist Farabi .
The Kamnik Bistrica ( Slovene : Kamniška Bistrica , pronounced ( ˈkáːmniʃka ˈbíːstrit͡sa ) ) is an Alpine river in northern Slovenia , a left tributary of the Sava River .
Lambton House is a historic former inn in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries ( MOF , Korean : 대한민국 해양수산부 ) , is a cabinet - level division of the government of South Korea .
Additionally , the national headquarters of the Jewish War Veterans of the United States of America , the nation 's oldest veterans organization , the National Museum of American Jewish Military History , the Laogai Museum and the Washington , D.C. Jewish Community Center are also located in Dupont Circle .
Qorveh County ( Persian : شهرستان قروه‎ ) is a county in Kordestan Province in Iran .
The Lake Jesuit ( popularly designated `` Little Long Lake '' ) is located in the Lejeune Township , in the municipality of Sainte - Thècle , in the Mékinac Regional County Municipality in the Batiscanie , in the administrative region of Mauricie in the province of Quebec , in Canada .
San Giorgio Albanese ( Arbëresh language : Mbuzat ) is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
Waimes ( German : Weismes ) is a Walloon municipality located in the province of Liège , in Belgium .
Gulf of Hammamet ( Tunisian Arabic : خليج الحمامات‎ ) is a large gulf in northeastern Tunisia .
Sambaina is the name of several towns and communes in Madagascar .
Osborne Village 's Canada Day Celebration is Winnipeg 's largest and longest running street festival .
Lombadan - e Hajjiabad ( Persian : لمبه دان حاجي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Lombadān - e Ḩājjīābād and Lombadān Ḩājjīābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Deyr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Cathedral of Miranda do Douro ( Portuguese : Sé de Miranda do Douro , Mirandese : Sé de Miranda de l Douro ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Miranda do Douro , Portugal .
Arcot Road ( also known as N. S. Krishnan Salai ) , ( SH-113 ) is one of the main arterial roads of the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu , India .
Darai ( Persian : دارايي‎ , also Romanized as Dārā’ī ) is a village in Koregah - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Limagne is large plain in the Auvergne region of France in the valley of the Allier river , on the edge of the Massif Central .
Tani Tani ( local name for the flower Gentianella primuloides , also spelled Tanitani ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,806 metres ( 15,768 ft ) high .
Santa Cruz Michapa is a municipality in the Cuscatlán department of El Salvador with a population of 12,225 ( 2001 ) .
The Ålesund Region ( Norwegian : Ålesundregionen ) is a metropolitan region in Møre og Romsdal county in western Norway .
The IBM Toronto Software Lab is the largest software development laboratory in Canada , and IBM 's third largest software lab . Established in 1967 with 55 employees , the Toronto Lab ( located in Markham ) now has 2,500 employees developing some of IBM 's middleware software .
The Leader of the Seanad is the leader of the government senators in Seanad Éireann , the upper house of the Oireachtas , the legislature of Ireland .
Kalateh - ye Boshgazi ( Persian : كلاته بشگزي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Boshgazī ; also known as Bazqūsh , Buzqush , Kalāteh - ye Losgazī , and Kalāteh - ye Shogazī ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vazmak ( Persian : وزمك‎ ; also known as Vīzmak ) is a village in Qaleh Juq Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Port Louis ( French : Port - Louis ) is the capital city of Mauritius , located in the Port Louis District , the western part also lies in the Black River District .
Social Democratic Party of Austria ( SPÖ ) : 12 Austrian People 's Party ( ÖVP ) : 4 Freedom Party of Austria ( FPÖ ) : 4 The Greens : 2 Wählergemeinschaft Wernberg ( independent ) : 1
Oslo Airport Station ( Norwegian : Oslo lufthavn stasjon ) , also known as Gardermoen Station , is a railway station located in the airport terminal building of Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in Norway .
Witoszów Górny ( viˈtɔʂuf ˈɡurnɨ ) ( German : Ober Bögendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świdnica , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Navahrudak Voblast or Novogrudak Oblast ( Belarusian : Навагрудская вобласць , Russian : Новогрудская область ) was a Voblast of the Byelorussian SSR following the annexation of West Belarus into the BSSR in 1939 .
Mong Ton , also known historically as Möngtung and Maington , is a town and seat of Mong Tong Township in Mong Hsat District , Shan State in eastern Myanmar near the border with Thailand .
The village of Akhalgori was first mentioned in the 18th century by Prince Vakhushti of Kartli in his work The Geographic Description of Georgia .
Iroquois Airport , ( TC LID : CNP7 ) , is located adjacent to Iroquois , Ontario , Canada on the shores of the Saint Lawrence River .
Lengbrè ( also spelled Longbrè ) is a village in central Ivory Coast .
Gorenje Ponikve ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ pɔˈniːkʋɛ ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Parc de Milan is a public park of the city of Lausanne , Switzerland .
Ma'ale Adumim ( Hebrew : מַעֲלֵה אֲדֻמִּים ) is an urban Israeli settlement and a city in the West Bank , seven kilometers ( 4.3 miles ) from Jerusalem .
Wanqaran ( Quechua wanqara a kind of drum , -n a suffix , also spelled Huankarán ) is an archaeological site with a rectangular tower , a couple of buildings and stone tombs ( chullpa ) in Peru .
Gol Airport , Klanten ( Norwegian : Gol flyplass , Klanten ; IATA : GLL , ICAO : ENKL ) is an airport which lies on Golsfjellet north of Gol town centre in Gol municipality in Buskerud county , Norway .
The Lee Kong Chian Natural History Museum ( LKCNHM ) is a museum of natural history at the Kent Ridge Campus of the National University of Singapore .
Akoupé - Zeudji is a small village in southern Ivory Coast .
As per 2011 Census of India , Phusro Urban Agglomeration had a total population of 186,139 , of which males were 97,665 and females 88,874 .
The Inaouen River is a watercourse in Morocco that is tributary to the Sebou River .
Tazeh Kand - e Jabal ( Persian : تازه كندجبل‎ , also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand - e Jabal ; also known as Tāzeh Kand - e Bolbol ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Watermill Museum Brüglingen ( Mühlemuseum Brüglingen ) is housed within the former watermill and stands in the lower plain of Brüglingen , in the sub - district `` Neue Welt '' , Münchenstein , in the canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland .
Isola Minore , known until the twentieth century simply as l'isoletta ( `` the little island '' ) , is the smallest of the three islands of Lago Trasimeno in central Italy , and the closest to Passignano sul Trasimeno within whose municipal boundaries it lies .
Flayosc is a commune in the Var department in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region , in southeastern France .
The Glen High School is a public , English medium co - ed high school located in Waterkloof Glen , Pretoria , in the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Sulyukta Botanical Reserve is a reserve located in Leilek District of Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Žitkovci ( pronounced ( ˈʒiːtkɔu̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Zsitkóc ) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrovnik in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
Zubrza is a settlement in Gmina Wąsosz , Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Yir'on ( Hebrew : יִרְאוֹן ) is a kibbutz in the Galilee Panhandle in northern Israel .
Iqaluit Centre is a former territorial electoral district ( riding ) for the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut , Canada .
Trzemosna ( tʂɛˈmɔsna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daleszyce , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Avioimpex was an airline carrier from the Republic of Macedonia , based out of Skopje .
Longo Brothers Fruit Markets Inc. , commonly known as just Longo 's , is a family - run grocery chain in the Greater Toronto Area , Ontario , Canada .
Cancelos de Baixo is a hamlet of Portugal , in the district of Guarda and the town of Mêda .
La Grita is a town in the north west of Táchira state , Venezuela .
The Riverside Boat Club is a private , non - profit , rowing club on the Charles River in Cambridge , Massachusetts , United States of America .
Vaidyaratnam Ayurveda Museum is a museum showcasing the richness , the variety and the evolution of the Ayurveda traditional medicine heritage of India .
Drnje is a village and a municipality in the Koprivnica - Križevci county in Croatia .
Thessaloniki ( Greek : Θεσσαλονίκη ( θesaloˈnici ) ) is the second - largest city in Greece and the capital of Greek Macedonia , the administrative region of Central Macedonia and the Decentralized Administration of Macedonia and Thrace .
Radyvyliv ( Ukrainian : Радивилів , Russian : Радивилов , Polish : Radziwiłłów ) is a small city in the Rivne Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Xyniada ( Greek : Ξυνιάδα ) or Xynias ( Ξυνιάς ) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis , Greece .
The Hulme Crescents had implications for new housing in Manchester and signalled the death knell for the ' Streets in the sky ' idea that had been proposed throughout the 1960s and 1970s in the United Kingdom .
Skliros ( Greek : Σκληρός ) is a village in the municipal unit of Eira , Messenia , southern Greece .
Discovery Networks Deutschland was a branch of Discovery Networks Europe holding responsibility for overseeing Discovery Networks brands in Germany , Austria and German - speaking parts of Switzerland . Discovery Networks Deutschland 's key operations are the free - to - air DMAX , Discovery Channel , Animal Planet and Discovery HD .
Skien Church is a Neo - Gothic church from 1894 , located in Skien , Telemark county in Norway .
Radio Zürisee was launched on 1 November 1983 in occasion of the licensing of private radio stations in Switzerland , as one of the first alternatives to the Swiss government - owned radio stations .
Bakrala railway station ( Urdu : بکرالا ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Bakrala village , Jhelum district , Punjab province , Pakistan .
Mohammad Jani ( Persian : محمدجاني‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Jānī and Moḩammadjānī ) is a village in Garizat Rural District , Nir District , Taft County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Avinyó is a Catalan municipality in Spain .
Wormhout ( older version : Wormhoudt ) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Bocfölde ( often spelled as `` Bocfolde '' in English documents ) is a village in Western Hungary .
Dongshin University is a private university in southwestern South Korea .
Kadiyapulanka is a village near Rajahmundry in Andhra Pradesh in India .
The Frog 's Leg Gold Mine is a gold mine located 19 km west of Kalgoorlie , Western Australia .
Lake Cowal is the largest inland lake in New South Wales , Australia .
Ojos del Caburgua is a waterfall located 15 kilometers east of Pucón and four kilometers south of Caburgua Lake in the region of Aracaunía in southern Chile .
Sultići ( Cyrillic : Султићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dagupan , officially the City of Dagupan ( Pangasinan : Ciudad na Dagupan ) , is an independent component city in the province of Pangasinan in the Philippines .
Ende Regency is one of the regencies which divide the island of Flores , within East Nusa Tenggara Province , Indonesia .
Kleče pri Dolu ( pronounced ( ˈkleːtʃɛ pɾi ˈdoːlu ) ; German : Kletsche ) is a village east of Dol pri Ljubljani in the eastern Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Karakol International Airport ( Kyrgyz : Каракол эл аралык аэропорту , Russian : Международный аэропорт `` Каракол '' ) ( IATA : none ( КПЖ ) , ICAO : UCFP ) is an international airport serving Karakol , a town in the Issyk - Kul Province ( oblast ) of Kyrgyzstan .
Rudnik - Kolonia ( ˈrudnik kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilkołaz , within Kraśnik County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Ovoot Airport is an airport located at Ovoot Tolgoi / Nariin Sukhait , Ömnögovi Province , Mongolia .
Villabona is a village of over 5500 inhabitants in the comarca of Tolosaldea , Gipuzkoa province , Basque Country , Spain .
Chaniotis ( Greek : Χανιώτης or Χανιώτη , pronounced ( xaˈɲotis ) ) , is a tourist town located in the eastern part of the peninsula of Kassandra , Chalkidiki , Greece .
Dahaneh - ye Meymand ( Persian : دهنه ميمند‎ , also Romanized as Dahaneh - ye Meymand ; also known as Sar Dahaneh - ye Meymand ) is a village in Fareghan Rural District , Fareghan District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Donnybrook Cemetery is located close to the river Dodder in Donnybrook , Dublin , Ireland .
The Guadalajara Metropolitan Area ( officially , in Spanish : Zona Metropolitana de Guadalajara ) is the most populous metropolitan area of the Mexican state of Jalisco and the second largest in the country after Greater Mexico City .
The Langer Heinrich mine is a large open pit mine located in the western part of Namibia in the Erongo Region .
Kamenac ( Hungarian : Kö ; Serbian Cyrillic : Kaмeнaц ) is a settlement in the region of Baranja , Croatia .
Silesian Foothills ( Polish : Pogórze Śląskie ) are foothills located in Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Halulan ( Persian : هالولان‎ , also Romanized as Hālūlān ; also known as Āshkī Hālūlān , Hārowlān , Hārūlān , and Hārūyān ) is a village in Targavar Rural District , Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme ( or CPRS ) was a proposed cap - and - trade system of emissions trading for anthropogenic greenhouse gases , due to be introduced in Australia in 2010 by the Rudd government , as part of its climate change policy .
Kunani ( Persian : كوناني‎ , also Romanized as Kūnānī and Konānī ) is a city in and capital of Kunani District , in Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dhanushadham is a municipality in Danusha District in the Janakpur Zone of south - eastern Nepal .
Schloss Münster , officially Fürstbischöfliches Schloss Münster , is the schloss built as the residence if the duke - bishop of Münster , Germany .
The Kingdom of Crystal ( Swedish : Glasriket , The glass realm ) is a geographical area today containing a total of 15 glassworks in the municipalities of Emmaboda , Nybro , Uppvidinge , Växjö and Lessebo in southern Sweden .
The Orto Botanico dei Frignoli ( 7 hectares ) is a botanical garden located at 900 metres elevation on SS63 del Passo del Cerreto , Fivizzano , Province of Massa - Carrara , Italy .
Mungeli district is a district of Chhattisgarh , India , with headquarters in Mungeli .
Gross Lengden is a village in the Gleichen in the Göttingen district of Lower Saxony , Germany , about ten kilometers east of Göttingen .
Tubrojevići ( Cyrillic : Тубројевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Shunkō - in ( 春光院 , Temple of the Ray of Spring Light ) is a Zen Buddhist temple in Kyoto , Japan and belongs to the Myōshin - ji ( Temple of Excellent Mind ) school , which is the largest among 14 Japanese Rinzai Zen Buddhist schools .
Catchacoma Lake is a lake located in the Kawartha Highlands of Ontario , Canada .
Kato Achaia ( Greek : Κάτω Αχαΐα ) is a town and a community in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
The International School of Belgrade is an independent , co - educational , international school in Belgrade , Serbia , located in the neighborhood of Senjak .
The Rimpfischhorn ( 4,199 m ) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps of Switzerland .
Alida / Cowan Farm Private Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CCF7 ) , is located 2 nautical miles ( 3.7 km ; 2.3 mi ) east northeast of Alida , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Ehuasso ( also spelled Ehuiasso ) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast .
The 1996 Hungarian Grand Prix ( formally the XII Marlboro Magyar Nagydij ) was a Formula One motor race held on 11 August 1996 at the Hungaroring , Mogyoród , Budapest , Hungary .
Goianésia do Pará is a municipality and municipal seat in the state of Pará , Brazil .
Hysen Pasha Mosque ( Albanian : Xhamia e Hysen Pashës ) or Clock Mosque ( Xhamia e Sahatit ) is a Cultural Monument of Albania , located in Berat .
Awakino is a settlement in the south of Waitomo District , in the North Island of New Zealand .
Muborak ( sometimes spelled Mubarek in English ) ( Uzbek : Muborak/Муборак ; Tajik : Муборак ; Russian : Мубарек ) is a small city located in Qashqadaryo Region of Uzbekistan .
Mizra ( Hebrew : מִזְרָע‎ , lit . Sowing ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
The Vall de Boí ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbaʎ də βuˈi ) , locally : ( ˈbaʎ de βoˈi ) ) is a narrow , steep - sided valley and a small municipality in the province of Lleida , in the autonomous community of Catalonia , northern Spain .
Dongola Airport ( IATA : DOG , ICAO : HSDN ; Arabic : مطار دنقلا ) is an airport serving Dongola , the capital city of the Northern state in Sudan .
Downtown Halifax is the financial centre of Atlantic Canada .
Ferny Grove State High School is an independent public secondary school in the suburb of Ferny Grove , in Brisbane , Australia .
The Vågåvatn lake ( in the Norwegian language Vågåvatnet or `` the Vågå lake '' ) is located in Lom and Vågå municipalities , Oppland county , Norway .
Roosna - Alliku ( German : Kaltenbrunn ) is a small borough in Roosna - Alliku Parish , Järva County in northern - central Estonia .
Ikurin Vire ( abbreviated Vire ) is a football club from Tampere , Finland that was established in 1957 .
Borsele ( pronunciation ; Zeelandic : Bossele ) is a municipality in the southwestern Netherlands on Zuid - Beveland .
Kochkor - Ata ( Kyrgyz : Кочкор-Ата ) is a Kyrgyz town located northwest of the major city Jalal - Abad in Kyrgyzstan .
Baldia Colony ( Urdu : بلدیہ کالونی ‎ ) is one of the neighborhoods of Baldia Town in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Cheikh Saïd is a rocky peninsula in Yemen , near the island of Perim on the Bab - el - Mandeb at the entrance to the Red Sea .
The A*STAR Talent Search ( ATS ) is a research - based science competition in Singapore for high school students between 15 - -21 years of age .
Stare Žage ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾɛ ˈʒaːgɛ ) ; formerly also Stara žaga ; German : Altsag , Gottscheerish : Autshug or Aotschock ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in Slovenia .
Kayao is a town in the Kayao Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso .
Budgam is a town and a notified area committee in Budgam district in the state of Jammu & Kashmir , India .
Leianokladi ( Greek : Λειανοκλάδι ) is a village and a former municipality in Phthiotis , Greece .
Launceston F.C. ( Cornish : Klub Pel - droes Lannstevan ) are a football club based in Launceston , Cornwall , England , in the United Kingdom .
The McKee power station is a gas - fired generating plant located at the McKee production station in north Taranaki , New Zealand .
Tangal ( Persian : تنگل‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Yāl and Tangyāl ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Łączki Myszewskie ( ˈwɔnt͡ʂki mɨˈʂɛfskʲɛ ) ( German : Klein Mausdorferweide ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Dwór Gdański , within Nowy Dwór Gdański County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mchochaeo is a small island of Palau .
Werbkowice ( vɛrpkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The King George River is a perennial river located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia , in Australia .
Aeroports de Catalunya is a public company , owned by the Government of Catalonia , and attached to its Ministry of Land and Sustainability .
Jarczewo ( jarˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( German : Jarsen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skępe , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Katsanochoria ( Greek : Κατσανοχώρια ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
The Marquisate of Incisa ( Marchesato di Incisa in Italian ) was a lordship of the House of Aleramici in southern Piedmont , northern Italy , which existed between the 12th and 16th centuries .
Wild West Falls Adventure Ride ( formerly Wild Wild West ) is an 8-seater flume ride at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast , Australia .
N'Zoo or Nzo is a town and sub - prefecture in the Lola Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south - eastern Guinea .
Glinojeck ( ɡlʲiˈnɔjɛt͡sk ) is a town in Poland , with 3,087 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Arte Moris ( meaning `` Living Art '' in Tetun ) is the first fine arts school , cultural center and artists '' association in East Timor .
Ngoma Airport ( IATA : ZGM , ICAO : FLNA ) is an airport serving Ngoma , a settlement in the Southern Province in Zambia .
Azim Kandi ( Persian : عظيم كندي‎ , also Romanized as `` Az̧īm Kandī ) is a village in Yowla Galdi Rural District , in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 440 , in 109 families .
Alpha Arts & Science College , popularly known as Alpha College , is a self - financing arts and science college in Thundalam , Porur , Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Addowal ( sometimes spelt Adowal ) is a town and union council of Gujrat District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Karbalai Mohammad Hoseyn ( Persian : كربلايي محمدحسين‎ , also Romanized as Karbalā’ī Moḩammad Ḩoseyn ; also known as Karbalā’ī Moḩammad Ḩoseynī ) is a village in Khorram Makan Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hordynya ( Ukrainian : Гординя , Polish : Hordynia ) is a village ( selo ) in Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , in south - west Ukraine .
The Soumagne Tunnel is the longest rail tunnel in Belgium , with a length of 6,505 metres ( 21,342 ft ) .
Davle is a market town in Central Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
The Cobb Highway is a state highway in the western Riverina and the far western regions of New South Wales , with a short section in Victoria , Australia .
La Vallée des Singes ( `` The Valley of the Monkeys '' ) is a primate park in Romagne , France .
Nene Valley Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Limestone Coast of South Australia on the coastline about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) south west of Mount Gambier and about 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) west north west of Port MacDonnell .
Dampa Tiger Reserve is a part of Project Tiger funded by the Government of India .
Sharafiya ( Syriac:ܫܪܦܝܐ ) is an Assyrian village located in Assyria , northern Iraq .
The Caledonian Curling Club ( also known as the Callie Curling Club ) has been one of the most prominent curling rinks in Canada for many years .
The Al Hamra Tower is a completed skyscraper in Kuwait City , Kuwait .
Aratos ( Greek : Άρατος , Turkish : Karacaoğlan ) is a settlement in the Rhodope regional unit , East Macedonia and Thrace region , Greece .
Mollahacılı ( also , Mollagadzhyly ) is a village in the Goychay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ab Talkhak ( Persian : اب تلخک‎ , also Romanized as Āb Talkhak ; also known as Ābtalkhak ) is a village in Miankuh Rural District , Miankuh District , Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Yasawa Island Airport ( IATA : YAS , ICAO : NFSW ) is an airport on the Yasawa Island in the Fiji 's Western Division .
The Douglas River , formerly known as the Twain , is a river of the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Nusa Laut is the smallest inhabited island in the Lease Islands group east of Ambon , in Indonesia 's Maluku province .
The Rizal National Science High School ( Mataas na Paaralang Nasyonal na Pang - Agham ng Rizal ) , commonly known as RNSHS , RiSci , or Rizal Science is a Secondary Public Science high school located in Jose P. Rizal St. , Batingan , Binangonan , Rizal , Philippines .
Makambako is located in the Southern Highlands of Tanzania , approximately 40 miles north of the district capital of Njombe .
Upper Nile University ( UNU ) , is a university in South Sudan .
Les Perrons ( or Le Perron ) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and France .
Baruwati is a small village situated at the North - West part of Nagaon district of Assam , India .
Kolodruma ( Bulgarian : Колодрума ) is a velodrome and a multifunctional indoor arena located in Plovdiv , Bulgaria .
Wola Branicka - Kolonia ( ˈvɔla braˈnit͡ska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hajji Qelich ( Persian : حاجي قليچ‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjī Qelīch ; also known as Ḩājīqelīch ) is a village in Bagheli - ye Marama Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Estero Bureo a small river on the Pacific coast of the Tomé commune , Concepcion Province , Bío Bío Region of Chile north of Penco and south of the Itata River .
Genting Highlands ( Malay : Tanah Tinggi Genting ) , otherwise known as Resorts World Genting , is a hill resort in Malaysia developed by Genting Group .
Morgins is a village in the municipality of Troistorrents in the district of Monthey in the canton of Valais in southern Switzerland .
Youngdong University is a private university located in Yeongdong - eup , Yeongdong County , North Chungcheong province , South Korea .
Podivič ( Serbian Cyrillic : Подивич ) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Jehanian ( Also spelled Jahanian ) , ( Urdu : جہانیاں‎ ) is a town in Khanewal District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Helen 's Reef is a series of skerries in the North Atlantic , 1.2 miles ( 2 km ) to the north - east of the larger islet of Rockall and outcrop of Hasselwood Rock , within the United Kingdom 's exclusive economic zone .
Mtwapa is a town located in Kenya 's Kilifi County .
Tveitetunet is an open - air farm museum located at Valle , in Aust - Agder , Norway .
The Waiau Branch was a branch line railway in the northern Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Utena Arena is a sport arena in Utena , Lithuania .
Kfar Galim ( Hebrew : כְּפַר גַּלִּים , lit . Waves Village ) is a boarding school and youth village in northern Israel .
Csepel Island ( Hungarian : Csepel - sziget ) is the largest island of the River Danube in Hungary .
Velenje Castle ( Slovene : Velenjski grad ) is a well - preserved castle in Velenje , Slovenia that was owned by the Kunšperk family , followed by their relatives the Ptujs and the Liechtenstein families .
Buryn ( Ukrainian : Буринь ) is a city in Sumy Oblast , Ukraine .
Jakubice ( jakuˈbit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warta , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Garie Beach is a patrolled beach in the lower Royal National Park , on the outskirts of southern Sydney , Australia .
Place Bell is one of the tallest buildings in Ottawa , Canada ( the fifth tallest in the downtown area ) with a height of 94 metres ( 308 ft ) .
Marigliano is a town and comune of the Metropolitan City of Naples , Campania in Italy .
Akuşapeştə ( also , Aquşapeştə and Agoshapeshta ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The SNK European Democrats ( Czech : SNK Evropští demokraté ) , is a small liberal conservative political party in the Czech Republic , led by Zdeňka Marková .
Saint - Benoist - sur - Mer is a commune ( or Saint - Benectict - super - mare ) in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France .
Chrysoskalitissa Monastery ( Greek : Μονή Χρυσοσκαλιτίσσης ) is a 17th - century Orthodox Christian monastery located on the island of Crete , Greece .
Lecce Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Lecce ; Cattedrale dell'Assunzione della Virgine ) is the cathedral of the city of Lecce in Apulia , Italy .
Meaux ( French pronunciation : ​(mo ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in the metropolitan area of Paris , France .
Ybbs ( German pronunciation : ( ˈɪps ) ) is a river in Lower Austria , and in Austria also the common short form to designate the little town Ybbs an der Donau .
In 2008 , rugby league football 's centenary year in Australia , the Country Rugby League named its ' Team of the Century ' :
Long Apu is a longhouse in the mountainous interior of the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Qarqan - e Sofla ( Persian : قرقان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Qarqān - e Soflá ; also known as Qūrqān - e Soflá ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Entre Ríos Railway ( ERR ) ( in Spanish : Ferrocarril Entre Ríos ) was a British - owned railway company that built and operated a 1,435 mm ( 4 ft 8 1⁄2 in ) standard gauge railway network in Entre Ríos Province , between the rivers Uruguay and Paraná , in Argentina .
Castle of Warmian Bishops in Lidzbark Warmiński - a castle from the fourteenth century located in Lidzbark Warmiński , belonging to Poland 's most precious Gothic architectural style buildings .
The Imphal War Cemetery is located in Imphal , the capital of the Indian state of Manipur , in Northeast India , which has an international border with upper Burma ( now Myanmar ) .
The Upper Jhelum Canal is located on two rivers Jehlum and Chenab in the north of Punjab province , Pakistan .
Kondanagula is a village in Mahbubnagar district , India located 8 km from the town of Achampet .
Gare de Nancy - Ville is the main railway station serving the city Nancy , Meurthe - et - Moselle department , northeastern France .
The Wonnangatta Station was a cattle station located in a remote valley of the Victorian Alps , Australia .
Suwaiket Tower is a skyscraper situated in Khobar , Saudi Arabia .
Peake railway station was on the Cork and Muskerry Light Railway in County Cork , Ireland .
Hacha Kandi ( Persian : هاچاكندي‎ , also Romanized as Hāchā Kandī ) is a village in Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Rzepczyno ( ʐɛpˈt͡ʂɨnɔ ) ( formerly German Repzin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeżno , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Zelenyi Bir is a small village in the Kiev Oblast of central Ukraine .
The Riesending cave ( German : Riesending - Schachthöhle ) is a pit cave in Untersberg and is the deepest in Germany .
Döbern ( Lower Sorbian Derbno , Polish Dębrzno ) is a town in the district of Spree - Neiße , in southeastern Brandenburg , Germany .
North Cornwall ( Cornish : An Tiredh Uhel ) is an area of Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Raron ( French : Rarogne ) is a municipality in the district of Raron in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Garacharma is a census town in Andaman district of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , a union territory of India .
Bawana is a census town in the North West district of Delhi , India .
Zhangwan District ( simplified Chinese : 张湾区 ; traditional Chinese : 張灣區 ; pinyin : Zhāngwān Qū ) is a district of the city of Shiyan , Hubei , People 's Republic of China .
Vakhrusheve ( Ukrainian : Вахрушеве , Russian : Вахрушево ) is a city in Krasnyi Luch Municipality , Luhansk Oblast ( region ) of Ukraine .
Fru Gunillas Gränd ( Swedish : Alley of Mrs. Gunilla ) is a historical alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden , once connecting Skeppsbron to Österlånggatan between Johannesgränd and Packhusgränd .
Seyffardt and Reydon 's deaths led to massive Nazi Germany reprisals in the occupied Netherlands , under Operation Silbertanne , supported by various German officers .
Baluchestan - e Shutavar ( Persian : بلوچستان شوتاور‎ , also Romanized as Balūchestān - e Shūtāvar ; also known as Balūchestān Yek ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Torunik ( Armenian : Տորունիք , also Romanized as Torunik '' and Toruniq ; formerly , Shikhlar , Kizlshafak , Kizilshafak , Kizilshafag ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Nawamin Road ( Thai : ถนนนวมินทร์ ) or Thailand Route 3202 is a highway in Bangkok , Thailand .
Cheruthoni is a hamlet on the Cheruthoni River : a major tributary of the Periyar River , the second longest river in Kerala state , South India .
Humięcino ( xumjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Canal de Meaux à Chalifert is a canal in northern France connecting the Marne River at Meaux to the Marne at Chalifert .
Saurimo ( pre-1975 : Henrique de Carvalho ) is the capital of the Lunda Sul province of Angola , Saurimo has a population of approximately 200,000 .
Darıkent ( formerly Muhundu ) is a small belde ( town ) in Mazgirt district of Tunceli Province , Turkey .
Pyapon District ( Burmese : ဖျာပုံခရိုင် ) is a district of the Ayeyarwady Division in south western Myanmar .
Nahshonim ( Hebrew : נַחְשׁוֹנִים , lit . Pioneers ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
Vila Nova de Paiva ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvilɐ ˈnɔvɐ ðɨ ˈpajvɐ ) ) is a municipality in the district Viseu in Portugal .
Verkiai Palace ( Lithuanian : Verkių rūmai ) is an 18th - century neoclassical mansion in Verkiai , Vilnius , Lithuania .
Noiseux is a village in the municipality of Somme - Leuze , in the province of Namur , Belgium .
Lakers Public School & College , commonly known as LPS , is a private school located in Kathaltoli , Rangamati , Bangladesh .
Gönyeli ( Greek : Κιόνελι ; Turkish : Gönyeli ) is a town in Cyprus , near the capital city Nicosia .
Korenica is a city in Lika , Croatia , located in the municipality of Plitvička Jezera , on the road between Plitvice and Udbina .
Solís is a resort ( balneario ) in the Maldonado Department of southeastern Uruguay .
Obkas ( ˈɔpkas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Krajeński , within Sępólno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Slidre is the administrative centre of Vestre Slidre municipality , Norway .
Uuemaarahu is a small , Baltic Sea islet comprising 0.0234 hectares belonging to the country of Estonia .
Domaikia is a town located in the municipality of Zuia , in the province of Álava ( Araba ) , in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Nexon Computer Museum is a museum on Jeju Island , South Korea .
Mchuchuma in south western Tanzania near Makete off the northern tip of Lake Nyasa , is the site of major coal deposits .
Owl Mountains Landscape Park ( Park Krajobrazowy Gór Sowich ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in the Owl Mountains in south - western Poland , established in 1991 , covering an area of 81.41 square kilometres ( 31.43 sq mi ) .
Firebase Khe Gio ( also known as Đầu Mầu Bridge or Khe Gio Bridge ) is a former U.S. Marines and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) firebase west of Cam Lộ in central Vietnam .
Igualada ( Catalan pronunciation : ( iɣwəˈɫaðə ) ) is a municipality of the province of Barcelona in Spain .
Undløse Church ( Danish : Undløse Kirke ) is located in the village of Undløse some 17 km ( 11 mi ) southwest of Holbæk in northern Zealand , Denmark .
Anjiruk ( Persian : انجيروك‎ , also Romanized as Ānjīrūk ; also known as Anjīrak , Anjīrbok , and Anjīrok ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Southern Aurora was an overnight express passenger train that operated between Australia 's two largest cities , Sydney and Melbourne .
Arenal River is a river of Costa Rica that is a tributary of the San Carlos River .
Embūte ( German : Amboten ) is a village in the Embūte parish , Vaiņode municipality of Latvia .
Giv'at Avni ( Hebrew : גִּבְעַת אַבְנִי ) is a communal settlement in the Lower Galilee Regional Council , Israel .
Großer Wostevitzer Teich is a lake on Jasmund peninsula of the island Rügen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Qeysnab ( Persian : قيصناب‎ , also Romanized as Qeyşnāb and Qeysnāb ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
San Ignacio Airfield ( IATA : SGM ) ( Spanish : Aeropuerto de San Ignacio ) is a public paved airstrip located 4 kilometres ( 2.5 mi ) northwest of San Ignacio , Municipality of Mulegé , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
King Khalid Air Base is an airbase of Royal Saudi Air Force ( RSAF ) sited in the south - west of Saudi Arabia , near Khamis Mushait .
The Cosmodome is the home to both Space Camp Canada and the Space Science Center ( a museum ) .
Poykent , an ancient city in Uzbekistan , is located in the lower stream of Zarafshan River and was one of the largest cities of the oasis .
Bahrom Vafoev Stadium is a multi - use stadium in Mubarek , Uzbekistan .
Lake Tatawai was a tidal freshwater lake located immediately north of Lake Waipori in Otago , in New Zealand 's South Island .
Vicenza railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Vicenza ) ( IATA : VNZ ) serves the town and comune of Vicenza , in the Veneto region , northeastern Italy .
Tärendö is a small locality in Norrbotten County , Sweden with 208 inhabitants in 2000 .
CIVI - DT , UHF digital channel 23 , is a CTV Two owned - and - operated television station located in Victoria , British Columbia , Canada .
The Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant , also known as the Delio Hydroelectric Plant , is located 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) north of Maccagno in the Province of Varese , Lombardy , Italy .
Mowtowr - e Akbar Vasheh Nazer ( Persian : موتوراكبروشه نظر‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Akbar Vasheh Naz̧er ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Svislach Castle ( Belarusian : Свіслацкі замак ) was a castle that lay in the lands of present day Belarus on the right bank of the Byarezina River in the place where it meets the Svislach River .
Grouville Church is one of the twelve ancient parish churches in the island of Jersey ; it is sited in the eastern parish of Grouville .
Inspired Teacher ( alternatively termed President 's Inspired Teacher ) is the highest civilian recognition for University - level teachers in the Republic of India in the form of an in - residence program with the President of India at Rashtrapati Bhavan , New Delhi .
Moscow Raceway is an FIA - approved motor racing venue , which is situated in the Volokolamsky District of Moscow Oblast , near the villages of Sheludkovo and Fedyukovo , 97 kilometres ( 60 mi ) from Moscow , Russia .
Akeno Air Field ( ICAO : RJOE ) is a military aerodrome of the Japan Ground Self - Defense Force .
Gałąźnia Mała ( ɡaˈwɔ̃ʑɲa ˈmawa ) ( German Klein Gansen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trabzon ( see other names , Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈtrabzon ) ) is a city on the Black Sea coast of northeastern Turkey and the capital of Trabzon Province .
Raab is a market town ( Marktgemeinde ) in the district of Schärding in Upper Austria in Austria .
Mehadia ( Hungarian : Mehádia ; German : Mehadia ; Turkish : Mehadiye ) is a small market town and commune in Caraş - Severin County , Romania .
Salim Bahram ( Persian : سليم بهرام‎ , also Romanized as Salīm Bahrām ) is a village in Kolijan Rostaq - e Olya Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The 751-metre - high Gebaberg , also called the Hohe Geba or Die Geba , is the highest point of the Anterior Rhön ( Vorderer Rhön ) and lies in southern Thuringia in Germany .
The Basel Connecting Line , including railway Basel Baden station , Basel SBB station and Basel marshalling yard is equipped for Swiss locomotives without special technical equipment and can be used by services from Germany .
Šeškinė is a fairly new district located in the north of Vilnius , the capital of Lithuania , built in 1977 as a microdistrict .
The Real Insurance Sydney Harbour 10k is an Australian 10 km road race , held annually in Sydney , Australia .
The Nuestra Señora del Patrocinio de Maria Parish Church ( Our Lady of Patronage of Mary Parish Church ) , commonly known as Boljoon Church , is a Roman Catholic Church dedicated to the Our Lady of Patrocinio in the municipality of Boljoon , Cebu , Philippines , under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Cebu .
Château d'Alba - la - Romaine is a château in Alba - la - Romaine , Ardèche , in southeast France .
Auroville ( City of Dawn ) is an experimental township in Viluppuram district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India , near Puducherry in South India .
Simunye Airfield ( ICAO : FDSM ) is an airstrip serving Simunye , in Swaziland .
The Khmer National Army ( French : Armée Nationale Khmère -- ANK ) commonly known as the ' ' Cambodian Army '' , was the ground forces '' branch of the Khmer National Armed Forces ( FANK ) , the official military of the Khmer Republic during the Cambodian Civil War between 1970 and 1975 .
Kiryat Motzkin ( Hebrew : קִרְיַת מוֹצְקִין ) is a city in the Haifa District of Israel , 8 kilometres ( 5 miles ) north of the city of Haifa .
Kochi ( ( koˈtʃːi ) ) , also known as Cochin ( KO - chin ) , is a major port city on the south - west coast of India by the Arabian Sea and is part of the district of Ernakulam in the state of Kerala .
The Vital Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , bounded by Fall Creek , Silver Creek and Kenny Creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Hottah Lake is the sixth largest lake in the Northwest Territories , Canada .
Cremin is a municipality in the district Broye - Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Tytlewo ( tɨtˈlɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lisewo , within Chełmno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Shri Kuruvathi Basaveshwara temple at Kuruvathi ( Kannada : ಕುರುವತ್ತಿ ) is one of the ancient and historic temples at the extreme south - western corner of Hoovina Hadagali taluk , Bellary District , Karnataka , India .
Acquacheta is a stream in the province of Forlì - Cesena , Romagna , northern Italy .
Muradalılı ( also , Muradally ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Civic United Front ( CUF ; Kiswahili : Chama Cha Wananchi ) is a liberal party in Tanzania .
Jendarata Airport ( ICAO : WMAJ ) is a private airport located in the Jendarata near the town of Teluk Intan , Perak , Malaysia .
Dolnja Briga ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnja ˈbɾiːɡa ) ; in older sources also Dolenja Briga , German : Niedertiefenbach ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
The Ixchayá River is a river in Guatemala flowing from the Guatemalan highlands into the Pacific Ocean .
Paranatama is a municipality / city in the state of Pernambuco in Brazil .
Edessa railway station ( Greek : Σιδηροδρομικός Σταθμός Εδέσσης , Sidirodromikós Stathmós Edéssis ) is the railway station of Edessa in Central Macedonia , Greece .
Prvanj ( Cyrillic : Првањ ) is a village in the municipality of Čajniče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ajax Bay is a settlement on East Falkland , in the Falkland Islands , It is on the north west coast , on the shore of San Carlos Water , a few miles from Port San Carlos .
The French Communist Party ( French : Parti communiste français , PCF ; French pronunciation : ​(paʁti kɔmynist fʁɑ̃ˈsɛ ) ) is a communist party in France .
Sylvenstein Dam is an earthen embankment dam in the Isar valley , in the alpine part of Upper Bavaria , Germany which impounds the Sylvenstein Reservoir ( German : Sylvensteinspeicher ) .
Lago Escondido is a village and lake in the Ushuaia department in Tierra del Fuego Province , Argentina .
Dolnji Križ ( pronounced ( ˈdoːlnji ˈkɾiːʃ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
The Judgement Tower ( Slovene : Sodni stolp ) is a fortified medieval tower in the city of Maribor , Slovenia .
Administrative region is a term of art used for a type territorial entity in Brazil .
Allaippiddi or Allaipiddy ( Tamil : அல்லைப்பிட்டி , Sinhalese : අලපිටිය Alapitiya ) is a village within the Velanai Island in the Jaffna peninsula within Sri Lanka 's Northern Province .
Trinitas Senior High School is a Catholic Private High School founded in Bandung , West Java , Indonesia , in 1963 by Sisters of Divine Providence under the local name SMA Trinitas Bandung .
Zapote Bobal is the modern name for a pre - Columbian Maya archaeological site located south of the San Pedro Martir river in the Petén department of Guatemala .
Abtaf - e Olya ( Persian : ابطاف عليا‎ , also Romanized as Ābţāf - e `` Olyā ; also known as Ābţāf ) is a village in Murmuri Rural District , Kalat District , Abdanan County , Ilam Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 112 , in 18 families .
Bøverdal is a valley in Lom municipality in the county of Oppland , Norway .
Dhour El Choueir ( Arabic : ضهور الشوير‎ ) is a mountain town in Lebanon ( ' dhour ' meaning ' summit , top ( of a mountain ) ' ) .
Overport is a hilly residential area in Durban , South Africa .
Siha Mashariki is a town and ward in Hai District in the Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania .
Siilitie ( Swedish : Igelkottsvägen ) , literally `` Hedgehog Road '' , is a road in the suburb of Herttoniemi in eastern Helsinki , Finland .
San Basso is a Baroque style deconsecrated Roman Catholic church in central Venice , Italy ; it now serves as a concert hall .
Ulsnis ( Danish : Ulsnæs ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Taichung Power Plant ( Chinese : 台中發電廠 ; pinyin : Táizhōng Fādiànchǎng ) is a coal - fired power plant in Longjing , Taichung , Taiwan .
Rabba ( Arabic : الربة‎ ) is a town in Jordan in the Karak Governorate .
Ormeniș ( German : Ermesch ; Hungarian : Ürmös ) is a commune in Brașov County , Romania .
Sărmășag Coal Mine is an open - pit mining exploitation , one of the largest in Romania located in Sărmășag , Sălaj County with estimated coal reserves of 10.6 million tonnes .
Lake Nokoué is a lake in the southern part of the West African nation of Benin;.
Villa romana de Río Verde is a Roman villa on the coast of Marbella , Spain .
Varsenare is a town in Jabbeke , part of Flanders and Belgium .
Burtnieki parish ( Latvian : Burtnieku pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Valmiera District , Latvia .
Erdenetsogt ( Mongolian : Эрдэнэцогт , Jewel tsogt ) is a sum ( district ) of Bayankhongor Province in southern Mongolia .
Borkenan - e Sofla ( Persian : بركنان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Borkenān - e Soflá ; also known as Būrkenān - e Soflá ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bătarci ( Hungarian : Batarcs , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbɒtɒrtʃ ) ) is a commune of 3,612 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Kungwini Local Municipality was a local municipality in the Metsweding District of Gauteng in South Africa .
Vilamoura is an unincorporated area on the southern coast of Portugal , comprising one of the largest single tourist complexes in Europe and with about 2,000 hectares of land .
Polski Senovets ( is a village in Veliko Tarnovo Province , north - central Bulgaria .
Šodolovci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шодоловци ) is a village and a municipality in Osijek - Baranja County , Croatia .
The Catechetical Centre , Karachi is the organization responsible for catechesis in the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Karachi in Pakistan .
Walk to Guangzhou ( simplified Chinese : 行路上广州 ; traditional Chinese : 行路上廣州 ) is a fund raising campaign held each year to raise awareness in the poor situation of education in the People 's Republic of China .
Pudimadaka or Pudi Madaka ( Telugu : పూడిమడక ) is a village in Achutapuram mandal of Visakhapatnam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Lake Tragadero ( Spanish : `` Laguna Tragadero '' ) is a lake in the Junín Region in Peru .
Bregnør Fiskerleje is a fishing village to the northeast of Odense , and northwest of Kerteminde in Kerteminde Municipality , Funen , Denmark .
Dalian Nationalities University ( Chinese : 大连民族大学 ; pinyin : Dàlián Mínzú Dàxué ) is located in Dalian , Liaoning , People 's Republic of China and directly supervised by the State Ethnic Affairs Commission .
Jauja ( Shawsha Wanka Quechua : Shawsha or Shausha , formerly in Spanish Xauxa , with pronunciation of `` x '' as `` sh '' ) is a city and capital of Jauja Province in Peru .
Morges District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland .
Mowtowr - e Gol Mohammad Palangi ( Persian : موتورگل محمدپلنگي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Gol Moḩammad Palangī ) is a village in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kraków - Rakowice - Czyżyny Airport is a disused airport in Kraków , Poland , one of the oldest permanent airfields in Europe , open for occasional traffic by certain types of aircraft .
The Gâra Djebilet mine is a large iron mine located in western Algeria in the Tindouf Province .
Zhang County or Zhangxian is an administrative district in Gansu , the People 's Republic of China .
The Plateau de Millevaches ( in Occitan Replanat de Miuvachas ) is an upland area in the Limousin région of France .
Leinefelde - Worbis is a town in the district of Eichsfeld , in northwestern Thuringia , Germany .
Aleppo International Airport ( Arabic : مطار حلب الدولي‎ ) ( IATA : ALP , ICAO : OSAP ) is an international airport serving Aleppo , Syria .
Prešov Air Base ( IATA : POV , ICAO : LZPW ) is a military airport located in Prešov , a city in the Prešov Region in Slovakia .
Pereked ( Croatian : Prekad ) is a village in Baranya county , Hungary .
The Franzis Verlag GmbH is a German publisher based in Haar , Germany and part of the WEKA - Verlagsgruppe .
Ölcələr ( also , Olcalar , Kuybyshev , Ol’dzhalyar , and Ülcälär ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The site of a Roman siege during the Great Revolt of the 1st century CE , Gamla is a symbol of heroism for the modern state of Israel and an important historical and archaeological site .
Worniny ( vɔrˈninɨ ) ( German : Warneinen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Crnač ( Cyrillic : Црнач ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Sir Frederick Banting Secondary School is a high school located in London , Ontario , Canada .
Mossoró ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( mosoˈɾɔ ) ) is the second most populous city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte , Brazil , and also the largest municipality of that state .
Little Ring Mountain , also called Little Ring Peak , is a tuya in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Morrison Academy Kaohsiung ( MAK ) is a K-10 Christian International school in Dashe District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Bartoušov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbartou̯ʃof ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Havlíčkův Brod District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Tosen Chapel or Lande Chapel ( Norwegian : Tosen kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Brønnøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Gandajika Airport ( IATA : GDJ , ICAO : FZWC ) is an airport serving Gandajika , a territory in the Kabinda district of the Kasaï - Oriental province , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Nesjøen ( sometimes just Nesjø ) is an artificial lake ( reservoir ) in the Nea - Nidelv watershed which lies in the Sylan region of the municipality of Tydal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Picar is a village and a former municipality in the Gjirokastër County , southern Albania .
Suri - dong ( Hangul : 수리동 ; hanja : 修理洞 ) is neighbourhood of Gunpo , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Zbaków Dolny ( ˈzbakuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Bendora Dam is a thin - wall , double curvature concrete arch dam across the upper reaches of the Cotter River , located within Namadgi National Park in the Australian Capital Territory , Australia .
Srbac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Србац ) , is a town and municipality on the northern border of Bosnia and Herzegovina with Croatia .
Raabs an der Thaya is a municipality with 3,114 inhabitants in Waidhofen an der Thaya ( district ) in the Waldviertel of Lower Austria , near the Austrian border with the Czech Republic .
Ramsan is an island in the Stockholm archipelago , and part of the Norrtälje Municipality , located in Sweden .
The Kokra ( pronounced ( ˈkoːkɾa ) ) is a river of Slovenia .
The Atlantic Sea - Park ( Norwegian : Atlanterhavsparken ) is an aquarium in Ålesund , Norway .
Siumu is a village on the central south coast of Upolu island in Samoa .
The Hamelin Pool Marine Nature Reserve is a protected marine nature reserve located in the UNESCO World Heritage -- listed Shark Bay in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia .
San Rafael del Moján is a town in Zulia State in Venezuela .
Bagh - e Band Bozorg ( Persian : باغ بندبزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Band Bozorg ) is a village in Emad Deh Rural District , Sahray - ye Bagh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Garibaldi Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field , located in British Columbia , Canada .
Czaplice - Piłaty ( t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ piˈwatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mustavuori ( Finnish ) , Svarta backen ( Swedish ) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Prilep ( Macedonian : Прилеп ( ˈpriːlɛp ) ) is the fourth largest city in the Republic of Macedonia .
Khojabaykul ( Persian : خواجه بایکول ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Illanmaster or Illaunmaistir ( Irish : Oileán Máistir ) is an uninhabited steep rocky island rising to about 100 m , lying just off the north coast of County Mayo , Ireland and 19 km west of Ballycastle .
Lämmerensee is a lake on Lämmerenalp in the municipality of Leukerbad in the canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Kalinganagar is a planned industrial and modern town in Jajpur district of coastal Odisha , India .
Former Home Minister of India Shri . Shivraj Vishwanathrao Patil Chakurkar is belongs to Chakur
Storm Financial Limited was a financial advice company , based in Townsville , Queensland , Australia .
Stare Drawsko ( ˈstarɛ ˈdrafskɔ ) ( German : Draheim , old Polish : Drahim before 1945 ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Finnish Lakeland or Finnish lake district ( Finnish : Järvi - Suomi , `` Lake Finland '' , Swedish : Insjöfinland ) is the largest of the four landscape regions into which the geography of Finland is divided .
Shihezi ( Chinese : 石河子 ; pinyin : Shíhézǐ ; literally : `` Stony river banks '' ; Uyghur : شىخەنزە‎ , ULY : Shixenze , UYY : Xihənzə ? ) is a sub - prefecture - level city in northern Xinjiang , People 's Republic of China .
Melleh Shahal ( Persian : مله شهال‎ , also Romanized as Melleh Shahāl ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The South West Coast Path Association ( SWCPA ) is a United Kingdom registered charity which exists to promote the interests of users of the South West Coast Path , the longest National Trail in Britain at 630 miles ( 1014 km ) .
The Scooby - Doo Spooky Coaster is an enclosed steel wild mouse roller coaster located at Warner Bros. Movie World on the Gold Coast , Australia .
XHUAR - FM ( Órbita 106.7 ) is a Rock En Español and News radio station licensed to Ciudad Juárez , Chihuahua , owned by IMER ( Instituto Mexicano de la Radio ) , Mexico 's public radio network .
Kofeba is a village and principal settlement of the commune of Kita Ouest in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
Penyagalera ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˌpɛɲəɣəˈɫɛɾə ) , locally : ( ˌpeɲaɣaˈleɾa ) ) is a rocky mountain in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa - Beseit , Aragon , Spain .
Sipiyəpart ( also , Sipiyət , Sipiya , and Sipiyad ) is a village and municipality in the Astara Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Battle of San Lorenzo was fought on February 3 , 1813 in San Lorenzo , Argentina , then part of the United Provinces of the Río de la Plata .
Telečka ( Serbian Cyrillic : Телечка , Hungarian : Bácsgyulafalva ) is a village in Serbia .
Nottjärn is a small lake in the city of Ludvika , Sweden .
The Hagwilget Village First Nation is a First Nations band government of the Wet'suwet'en subgroup of the Dakelh ( Carrier ) people , located at Hagwilget , British Columbia , Canada , which is just east of Hazelton , British Columbia .
The Thousandth Anniversary of Islam Mosque or The Anniversary Mosque ( Russian : Мечеть 1000-летия принятия Ислама , Мечеть Юбилейная , Mechet 1000-letiya prinyatiya Islama , Mechet Yubileynaya ) was built in Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia to commemorate the thousandth anniversary of the Islamization of the Volga Bulgars in 922 .
Brzozowo - Solniki ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ sɔlˈniki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
In Brazil , the Military Firefighters Corps ( Port : Corpo de Bombeiros Militar ) is a military organization with the mission of civil defense , firefighting , and search and rescue inside the States of the Federation .
Adchit ( in Arabic عدشيت ) is a village in the Nabatieh Governorate region of southern Lebanon located north of the Litani River .
Kahriz - e Boqazi ( Persian : كهريزبقازي‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Boqāzī and Kahrīz Boqāzī ; also known as Kahrīz Boghāzī , Kahrizé Boghazi , and Kārīz Bukāz ) is a village in Sardrud - e Olya Rural District , Sardrud District , Razan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Buruntza ( 441 m ) is a minor mountain in the Basque Country ( Spain ) 12 km south of San Sebastian .
Darreh Mal ( Persian : درهمال‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Māl ; also known as Darreh Māl - e Abraj , Darreh Mālī , Darreh Mālī , and Darreh Mān ) is a village in Abarj Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Markthalle Hamburg is a convention center located at Klosterwall , Hammerbrook in the city of Hamburg , Germany .
Przyciesie ( pʂɨˈt͡ɕeɕe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Chojna , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Sirom - e Olya ( Persian : سيرم عليا‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīrom - e ʿOlyā ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Motor Trades Association of Australia Superannuation Fund ( MTAA Super ) was established in 1989 for the motor trades and allied industries .
The Communauté de communes Baie de Somme Sud is a communauté de communes in the Somme département and in the Picardie région of France .
Volary ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈvolarɪ ) ; German : Wallern ) is a town in South Bohemian Region , Czech Republic .
Mazraeh - ye Raziabad ( Persian : مزرعه رضي اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Raz̤īābād ) is a village in Ak Rural District , Esfarvarin District , Takestan County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 72 , in 20 families .
Lake Yanisyarvi ( Russian : Янисъярви ; Finnish : Jänisjärvi ) is a lake in the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located north of and draining to Lake Ladoga .
Qırmızı Qəsəbə ( formerly in Russian : Krasnaya Sloboda , English : Red Town ) is a village and municipality in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Rancho Chávez Airstrip is a private dirt airstrip located 7 km West of Mulegé , Municipality of Mulegé , Baja California Sur , Mexico .
The Swedish Industrial Union ( Industrifacket ) was a general trade union in Sweden .
Velika Plaža ( Cyrillic : Велика Плажа , pronounced ( ʋɛ̂likaː plǎːʒa ) , Albanian : Plazhi i Madh , English : Long Beach ) is a beach in Ulcinj Municipality , Montenegro .
Alushta ( Ukrainian and Russian : Алу́шта ; Crimean Tatar : Aluşta ; Greek : Ἄλουστον ) is a city of regional significance on the southern coast of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea in Ukraine claimed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Alagappa University is on about 420 acres ( 1.7 km2 ) in the business town of Karaikudi in Sivaganga District in Tamil Nadu , India .
Nowy Rękawiec ( ˈnɔvɨ rɛŋˈkavjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Budziszewice , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Astana International Airport ( Kazakh : Халықаралық Астана Әуежайы , Russian : Международный Аэропорт Астана ) ( IATA : TSE , ICAO : UACC ) is an international airport in Kazakhstan located 16.7 km ( 10.4 mi ) southeast of the capital Astana .
Chepén is a city of La Libertad Region and capital of the Chepén Province , in Peru .
Agharabparast Expressway is an expressway in southern Isfahan , Iran .
Osieka ( ɔˈɕeka ) ( German : Hermenhagen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Gava Sara - ye Olya ( Persian : گواسراعليا‎ , also Romanized as Gavā Sarā - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Chini Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 242 , in 70 families .
Chałupczyn ( xaˈwupt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Hufen ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubrza , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The Shopping City Süd ( SCS ) is a shopping centre located in Vösendorf and Wiener Neudorf , south of Vienna , Austria .
Bodmin Parkway railway station ( Cornish : Fordh Bosvena ) is a station on the Cornish Main Line and serves the nearby town of Bodmin , Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Ab Paran ( Persian : اب پران‎ , also Romanized as Āb Parān ; also known as Ūporon ) is a village in Nilkuh Rural District in the Central District of Galikash County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Taksiseh - ye Olya ( Persian : تاكسيسه عليا‎ , also Romanized as Tāksīseh - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 71 , in 14 families .
Kadakkal Riot Case is listed by the Home Ministry , Government of India as one of the 39 movements that led to India getting freedom from the British Raj .
Brebu Nou ( German : Weidenthal ; Hungarian : Temesfő ) is a commune in Caraş - Severin County , western Romania , with a population of 86 people .
The Armenhoef is a monumental farm on the Oirschotseweg 117 in the North Brabantian town Best in the Netherlands .
Dharmapuram Adheenam is a Saivite mutt or monastic institution based in the town of Mayiladuthurai , kodumudi magudeswara temple India .
Trachy ( ˈtraxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Cavaellon or Cavaillon , ( Haitian Creole : Kavayon ) is a commune and a rural town located in the Aquin Arrondissementof the Sud Department of Haiti .
Qaleh - ye Puladi ( Persian : قلعه پولادي‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Pūlādī ; also known as Qalehfolādī ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , in the Central District of Behbahan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 116 , in 25 families .
El Ballestero is a municipality in Albacete , Castile - La Mancha , Spain ; it is 68 km west of Albacete .
Pawiak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpavjak ) ) was a prison built in 1835 in Warsaw , Poland .
Gopło ( ˈɡɔpwɔ ) is a lake in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland , near the city of Gniezno .
Gornja Dubrava ( pronounced ( ɡôːrɲaː dǔbraʋa ) ) is one of the districts of Zagreb , Croatia .
Garfield railway station is located on the Orbost line in Victoria , Australia .
The Satsar Lake or Sat Sar ( literal English translation : `` the seven lakes '' ) consists of seven small alpine lakes situated in the Kashmir Valley , in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Montélimar ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔ̃.te.li.maʁ ) ; Latin name : Acumum , and Montelaimar in Occitan ) is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France .
Hagen - Haspe is a borough of the city of Hagen in the state of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Treverbyn is a civil parish and village in mid - Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The Tabun Cave is an excavated cave located at Nahal Me'arot Nature Reserve , Israel and is one of Human Evolution sites at Mount Carmel , which were proclaimed as having universal value by UNESCO in 2012 .
Kargazlu ( Persian : كرگزلو‎ , also Romanized as Kargazlū and Kargezlū ; also known as Gergazu and Karkazlū ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Cyrrhus ( /ˈsɪrəs/ ; Greek : Κύρρος Kyrrhos ) was a city in ancient Syria founded by Seleucus Nicator , one of Alexander the Great 's generals .
The Mersing River ( Malay : Sungai Mersing ) is a river in Johor state Malaysia .
V8 Supercars RedLine is a racing simulator based upon Australia 's V8 Supercars series .
Onuškis ( Polish : Hanuszyszki ) is a town in Lithuania in the Trakai district municipality , around 30 km ( 19 mi ) from Trakai and 16 km ( 9.9 mi ) south of Aukštadvaris .
Bhoothpur is a City in Bhoothpur Mandal in Mahbubnagar District of Telangana State , India .
Cerro Bolívar is a mountain in the state of Bolívar , Venezuela , about 600 metres high .
The Col de la Core ( elevation 1,395 m ( 4,577 ft ) ) is a mountain pass in the Ariège department of France in the Pyrenees .
Dassa - Zoumé , often shortened to Dassa , is a city in Benin , on the Cotonou to Parakou railway and the main north - south highway .
Anhui Normal University ( Chinese : 安徽师范大学 ; pinyin : Ānhuī Shīfàn Dàxué ) is an institution of higher learning in Wuhu , Anhui Province of the People 's Republic of China .
Horlivka ( Ukrainian : Горлівка Ukrainian pronunciation : ( ˈɦɔrliu̯kɑ ) ) ; also known by its Russian name Gorlovka ( Russian : Горловка ) or Gorlowka while a part of the Soviet Union , is a city of regional significance in the Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of eastern Ukraine .
Slavonski Brod ( pronounced ( slǎv̞ɔ̝ːnskiː brɔ̝̂ːd ) ) is a city in eastern Croatia , with a population of 80,000 in 2011 .
Europark Idroscalo Milano is an amusement park in Segrate , Italy , near Milan .
Wedge Island lighthouse is a lighthouse on Wedge Island , lying at the entrance to Spencer Gulf in South Australia .
Brestovo , Blagoevgrad Province is a village in Simitli Municipality , in Blagoevgrad Province , in southwestern Bulgaria .
Durnacol is a small suburban town in the central part of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
The Men 's 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships were held in Budapest , Hungary from October 18 to October 26 .
The Elithis tower is an office building with shops in Dijon , capital of the Bourgogne region of France .
Býšť ( German : Beischt ) is a village near Hradec Králové in the Czech Republic .
Shikharji ( Marathi : Śikharajī ) , Giridih district , Jharkhand , India , is located on Parasnath , the highest mountain of the Parasnath Range .
North Bengal ( Bengali : উত্তরবঙ্গ ) is a term used for the northern parts of Bangladesh and West Bengal .
Concordian International School ( Concordian ) is a nursery to grade 12 school located in Bangkaew , Samutprakarn , Thailand .
Malá Čalomija ( Hungarian : Kiscsalomja ) is a village and municipality in the Veľký Krtíš District of the Banská Bystrica Region of southern Slovakia .
Rampoha ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːmpɔxa ) ; in older sources also Drampah , German : Dranbank , Gottscheerish : Dranponk ) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Dolenjske Toplice in southern Slovenia .
Pakiri is a locality in Auckland , in the former Rodney District of New Zealand .
Ryfast is a sub - sea tunnel system under construction in Norway .
The NSU Trial is the trial against several people in connection with the National Socialist Underground ( NSU ) -- an extreme - right terrorist organization in Germany -- and the NSU murders .
Szápár ( historically : Szapár ) is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary in Zirc district .
The Kuala Lumpur Tower ( Malay : Menara Kuala Lumpur ; Chinese : 吉隆坡塔;abbreviated as KL Tower ) is a tall tower located in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Qeshm International Airport ( IATA : GSM , ICAO : OIKQ ) , ( Persian : فرودگاه بين المللي قشم‎‎ -- Forūdgāh - e Bīn ol Mellī Qeshm ) , is an international airport near the village of Dayrestan roughly in the centre of Qeshm Island , off the south coast of Iran .
Bely Gorod ( Russian : Бе́лый го́род , that is , `` White Town '' ) is the central core area of Moscow , Russia .
The Żarnowiec Nuclear Power Plant ( Polish : Elektrownia Jądrowa Żarnowiec ) was supposed to be the first nuclear power plant in Poland .
Dyrrachio ( Greek : Δυρράχιο ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Falaisia , southwestern Arcadia , Greece .
Mazraeh - ye Talami ( Persian : مزرعه تلمي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Talamī ) is a village in Par Zeytun Rural District , Meymand District , Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 103 , in 21 families .
Al Qusais or Al Gusais ( Arabic : اﻟﻘﺼﻴﺺ ‎ ) is a large community in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Zinniaville is a small town in the city of Rustenburg , in the North West Province of South Africa .
The Rajang River ( Malay : Sungai Rajang or Batang Rajang ) is a river in Sarawak , Malaysia .
The Boralday River ( Kazakh : Боралдай ) is a river of southern Kazakhstan .
Grabarka - Klasztor ( ɡraˈbarka ˈklaʂtɔr ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Jelenik ( pronounced ( jɛˈleːnik ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Raka in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Gandabar ( Persian : گندبر‎ ) is a village in Bala Velayat Rural District , in the Central District of Kashmar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Yatir Forest ( Hebrew : יער יתיר‎ ) is a forest in Israel , located on the southern slopes of Mount Hebron , on the edge of the Negev Desert .
Les Abrets is a former commune in the Isère department in the Auvergne - Rhône - Alpes region of southeastern France .
Bangemarkot is a Village Development Committee in Pyuthan , a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone , western Nepal .
Cronadun Bridge railway station served the area of Letterbrick in County Donegal , Ireland .
Ecco Ripley is a new , master - planned community in the City of Ipswich , Queensland , Australia .
Xaaxkax ( also known as Yaaxbax ) is a populated place in the Quintana Roo state of Mexico .
Greenhills Shopping Center is a shopping mall complex in the city of San Juan in the Philippines .
Mētriena parish ( Latvian : Mētrienas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Madona Municipality , Latvia .
Galu Darreh ( Persian : گلودره‎ , also Romanized as Galū Darreh ) is a village in Sanjabi Rural District , Kuzaran District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Seyyedan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سيدان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Abish Ahmad District , Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Improvement District No . 12 ( Jasper National Park ) , or Improvement District No . 12 , is an improvement district in Alberta , Canada .
Papaleh ( Persian : پاپاله‎ , also Romanized as Pāpāleh ) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kuzaran ( Persian : كوزران‎ , also Romanized as Kūzarān ; also known as Kūzarān - e Sanjābī ) is a city in and the capital of Kuzaran District , in Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Teyateyaneng is a town located in the district of Berea in Lesotho .
Recherche et Industrie Thérapeutiques ( R.I.T. ) was founded in Genval , Belgium , as a penicillin factory in 1945 by Dr Pieter De Somer , who later became the founder of the Rega Institute for Medical Research and rector of the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Leuven , Belgium ) .
Sirk'i Qullu ( Aymara sirk'i wart , qullu mountain , `` wart mountain '' , also spelled Serkhe Kkollu , Serkhe Khollu , Serkhe Kollu , Serque Qollu ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,546 m ( 18,196 ft ) high .
Boguty - Pianki ( bɔˈɡutɨ ˈpjanki ) is a village in Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Rangitata River is one of the braided rivers that helped form the Canterbury Plains in southern New Zealand .
Świecie nad Osą ( ˈɕfjɛt͡ɕɛ ˌnad ˈɔsɔ̃ ) is a village in Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tataraimaka ( Maori pronunciation , `` Ta - ta - rai - ma - ka '' ) is a rural coastal area in Taranaki , New Zealand .
LunEur ( complete name Luna Park Permanente di Roma ) was the largest amusement park in Rome and the oldest in Italy , dating back to 1953 .
La Louve is a private French contemporary garden , open to the public , in the town of Bonnieux in the Vaucluse Department of France .
Airport Logistics Park Singapore ( ALPS ) is an industrial park created to support activities related to trade and air cargo at Singapore Changi Airport .
XHGTS - FM 107.3 ( branded as Me Gusta 107.3 ) is an International Contemporary Music format FM radio station that serves the Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico and Laredo , Texas , USA border area .
Environics Analytics was one of a group of companies to object to the removal of the Canada 2011 Census long form .
Minsk International Film Festival Listapad ( Belarusian : Лiстапад , meaning `` November '' ) is annual film festival which takes place in November in Minsk , Belarus .
Siddharthnagar district ( Hindi : सिद्धार्थनगर ज़िला ) is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state in Northern India .
Harlesiel is a resort town on the East Frisian coast of Germany , at the mouth of the Harle River .
Kożuchy ( kɔˈʐuxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Piska , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mundakkal ( Malayalam : മുണ്ടയ്ക്കല്‍ ) , also spelled Mundackal , is an important residential area and industrial hub situated in the city of Kollam , Kerala , India .
Little Bow is a provincial electoral district in rural southern Alberta , Canada .
Kiato ( Greek : Κιάτο ) is a town in the northern part of Corinthia in the Peloponnese , Greece .
Vajira Hospital ( Thai : โรงพยาบาลวชิระ/วชิรพยาบาล pronounced : wa - chi - ra / wa - chi - ra - pha - ya - ban ) is one of the first hospitals in Thailand , founded by King Rama VI .
The Darley Classic , registered as the Victoria Racing Club Stakes is a Victoria Racing Club Group One Thoroughbred horse race for horses aged three years old and over , under weight for age conditions , over a distance of 1200 metres held at Flemington Racecourse , Melbourne , Australia on the last day of the VRC Spring Carnival .
Övralid is a manor house north of Motala in Östergötland County , Sweden .
The Evangelical Theological Faculty ( ETF ) , in Heverlee , Flanders , Belgium , is a private university in the Flemish Community of Belgium .
The Royal Automobile Club of Tasmania normally abbreviated to RACT is a motoring club in Tasmania , Australia .
Bavay ( pronounced ( bavɛ ) ) is a French commune in the Nord department in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of northern France .
Kah Sara ( Persian : كاه سرا‎ , also Romanized as Kāh Sarā ; also known as Ḩājjī Mīrzā Khān , Kāh Sareh , Kālsarā , Kāsareh , Kāsehrāh , and Kāsereh ) is a village in Qaleh Shahin Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Jardin de Planbuisson ( 1.5 hectares ) , also known as Bambous de Planbuisson , is a private botanical garden specializing in grasses and bamboo , located on Rue Montaigne , Le Buisson - de - Cadouin , Dordogne , Aquitaine , France .
Ioannina ( Greek : Ιωάννινα , Greek pronunciation : ( io̞ˈɐ.ni.nɐ ) ) , often called Yannena ( Γιάννενα , Greek pronunciation : ( ˈʝɐ.ne̞.nɐ ) ) within Greece , is the capital and largest city of Epirus , an administrative region in north - western Greece , with a population of 112,486 ( in 2011 ) .
The Jardin botanique de Besançon ( Botanical Garden of Besançon ) , more formally the Jardin botanique de l'Université de Franche - Comté et de la Ville de Besançon , is a botanical garden located on the Place du Maréchal Leclerc , Besançon , Doubs , Franche - Comté , France .
Ljeskov Dub ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љесков Дуб ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Balkhash Airport or Balqash Airport ( IATA : BXH , ICAO : UAAH ) is an airport 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) northeast the city of Balqash in Kazakhstan .
Kuršinci ( pronounced ( ˈkuːɾʃintsi ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
Patilla Pata is a stratovolcano in the Oruro Department in Bolivia .
Gullsteinen is a large hill in Bergen , Norway .
The Malaita massacre inflicted a large number of deaths on the island of Malaita in the Solomon Islands in late 1927 .
Nahr - e Sen ( Persian : نهرسن‎ ; also known as Golshān , Rūstā - ye Sen , and Sen ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tartu Toy Museum ( Tartu Mänguasjamuuseum ) is the biggest toy museum in the Baltic States , located in Tartu , Estonia .
Engcongolweni is a village about 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) North - West of Mzuzu along the M1 , in the Mzimba district of Malawi .
Gabicce Mare , also named Gabicce , is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino , in Italy , region Marche .
Buka Island is the second largest island in the Autonomous Region of Bougainville , in eastern Papua New Guinea .
Babrungas ( Samogitian : Babrungs ) is a village in the Plungė district municipality , Lithuania .
Otmuchów ( pronounced : ( ɔtˈmuxuf ) ) ( German : Ottmachau ) is a town in Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , Poland , with 5,317 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
The Chepo River is a river of Panama in the Chepo District of Panama Province .
Bobili is a village in the Ouham region in the Central African Republic .
Viskan is a river in the south west of Sweden .
Edessaikos F.C. ( Greek : Εδεσσαϊκός ) is a football club based in Edessa , Greece currently playing in the top league of Pella ( fifth tier ) .
Gajine ( Serbian : Гајине ) is a village in the municipality of Ilijaš , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Emperor Valley Zoo is the main zoo in Trinidad and Tobago .
Kibanga , formerly called Lavigerieville , is a settlement in the South Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Saifee Villa ( previously known as Lakshmigiri ) is a mansion at 102 , Thurstan Road in Colombo , Sri Lanka , located between Thunmulla Junction and College House , Colombo .
Administratively , Zhanbay Island belongs to Atyrau Region of Kazakhstan .
Tây Lộc Airfield ( also known as Huế Citadel Airfield ) is a former United States Air Force ( USAF ) , U.S. Army and Vietnam Air Force ( VNAF ) airfield located within the Huế Ciadel in Thừa Thiên--
Jakandar ( Persian : جكاندر‎ , also Romanized as Jakāndar ) is a village in Holunchekan Rural District in the Central District of Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Forensic and Scientific Services ( FSS ) is part of Queensland Health and provides scientific services in the state of Queensland , Australia .
Akerøya is an uninhabited island in Hvaler in Østfold , Norway .
Zvartnots International Airport ( Armenian : Զվարթնոց Միջազգային Օդանավակայան Zvart'nots ' Mijazgayin Odanavakayan ) ( IATA : EVN , ICAO : UDYZ ) is located near Zvartnots , 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) west of Yerevan , the capital city of Armenia .
The Seddonville Branch , later truncated as the Ngakawau Branch , was a branch line railway in the West Coast region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Lake Bile ( Ukrainian : Біле озеро , means ' white lake ' ) is a lake in the south - western Ukraine , in the delta of the Dniester River .
Concarneau ( Breton : Konk Kerne , meaning Bay of Cornwall ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north - western France .
Ghora Gali is one of the tourist mountain resort towns of the Galyat area of northern Pakistan .
The Pioneers of Enver ( Albanian : Pionierët e Enverit , literally The Pioneers of Enver Hoxha ) , was a pioneer movement functioning in Albania during its communist period .
Napoléonsgaard is a hill in the commune of Rambrouch , in western Luxembourg .
The Edificio Herdocia is a four - story property located in San Jose , Costa Rica .
Ruins of Zborov Castle ( Zborovský hrad , also called Makovica ) are situated near the village of Zborov in East Slovakia .
Cappenberg Castle ( German : Schloss Cappenberg ) is a former Premonstratensian monastery , Cappenberg Abbey ( German : Kloster Cappenberg ) in Cappenberg , a part of Selm , North Rhine - Westphalia in Germany .
School of Planning and Architecture , Delhi ( SPA Delhi ) is a premier higher education institute located in New Delhi , India specializing in education and research in the field of Planning and Architecture . It is the top ranked college in India for architecture and also the seventh best in Asia .
Snagovo is a mountain village in the municipality of Zvornik , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Kostolomci ( Cyrillic : Костоломци ) is a village in the municipality of Srebrenica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Saral District ( Persian : بخش سارال‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Osoyoos Division Yale Land District is one of the 59 land districts of British Columbia , Canada , which are the underlying cadastral divisions of that province .
Carl Johan Church ( Swedish : Carl Johans kyrka ) is a Church of Sweden parish church on Sagberget , in Gothenburg .
Delgerekh ( Mongolian : Дэлгэрэх , To blossom ) is a sum ( district ) of Dornogovi Province in southeastern Mongolia .
Kobuleti ( Georgian : ქობულეთი ) is a town in Adjara , western Georgia , situated on the eastern coast of the Black Sea .
Platanisteia ( Greek : Πλατανίστεια , Turkish : Çamlıca ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 6 km north of Pissouri .
San Gil is a town municipality in the Department of Santander in northeastern Colombia , located roughly 300 km ( 192 mi ) from Bogotá and 95 km from the department 's capital , Bucaramanga .
Lugu Lake ( Chinese : 泸沽湖 ; Pinyin : Lúgū Hú ) is located in the North West Yunnan plateau in the centre of Ningliang Yi Autonomous County in the People 's Republic of China .
Obrh pri Dragatušu ( pronounced ( ˈoːbəɾx pɾi dɾaɡaˈtuːʃu ) ; German : Oberch ) is a village west of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
The El Burguillo Reservoir is located along the Alberche river in the province of Ávila , Spain , between the municipalities of El Tiemblo and El Barraco .
UBC Hospital is a health care facility located on the University Endowment Lands in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Oberon Dam or Fish River Dam is a major ungated concrete slab and buttress with earth embankment dam comprising a c.oncrete ski jump chute spillway and fuse plug across the Fish River upstream of Oberon in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Ikeduru Local Government Area ( LGA ) is located in the western part of Imo State , in southern Nigeria , West Africa .
Paški Kozjak ( pronounced ( ˈpaːʃki ˈkoːzjak ) ; in older sources also Kozjak , German : Kosjak ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Velenje in northern Slovenia .
Kalalam ( Persian : كلالم‎ , also Romanized as Kalālam ) is a village in Sakht Sar Rural District , in the Central District of Ramsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Zaporośl ( zaˈpɔrɔɕl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadkowice , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Chugush ( Russian : Чугуш ) is the highest mountain in Adygea , Russia , located in the Western Caucasus .
Kobielnik ( kɔˈbjɛlnik ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniowa , within Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
St Ives High School is a coeducational government high school located on the Upper North Shore of Sydney , Australia .
Randhunibari ( Postal Code - 6740 ) is a village of Belkuchi Upazila , Sirajganj District , Bangladesh .
CHAN - DT , virtual channel 8 ( UHF digital channel 22 ) , is a Global owned - and - operated television station located in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , which serves as the West Coast flagship station of the network .
The Buksefjord hydroelectric power plant is the first and largest hydroelectric power plant in Greenland .
Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان امامزاده سيدمحمود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Impasugong ( also spelled Impasug - ong ) is a first class municipality in the province of Bukidnon , Philippines .
The Ark of Bukhara is a massive fortress located in the city of Bukhara , Uzbekistan that was initially built and occupied around the 5th century AD .
The Masjid Dimaukom or Pink Mosque is a mosque in Datu Saudi Ampatuan , Maguindanao , the Philippines .
Geisenfeld Abbey ( German : Kloster Geisenfeld ) was a convent in Bavaria , Germany , in the town of Geisenfeld .
The Stord Bridge ( Norwegian : Stordabrua ) is a suspension bridge which crosses Digernessundet between the islands of Stord and Føyno in Stord , Norway .
Munsbach Castle ( French : Château de Munsbach ) is located to the southwest of Munsbach near Schuttrange in central Luxembourg .
Nuapada(ନୁଆପଡା),is a city in western region of Odisha state of eastern India .
The University of Zululand ( also known as Unizulu ) is the only comprehensive tertiary educational institution north of the Tugela River in KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Lirzard ( Persian : ليرزرد‎ , also Romanized as Līrzard ) is a village in Donbaleh Rud - e Shomali Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jieh ( or Jiyé , Jiyeh , الجية ) is a seaside town in Lebanon with an estimated population of 5000 , 23 km south of Beirut , in the Chouf district via a 20-minute drive along the Beirut to Sidon highway south of the capital .
Kumudabali is a small village of Rayagada district in the state of Odisha , India .
Rzeczna ( ˈʐɛt͡ʂna ) ( German : Weeskenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hawija ( Arabic : الحويجة , Al Hawyjah‎ ; Kurdish `` hawij '' for wild carrot ) is the centre of Al - Hawija District in the Kirkuk province of Iraq , 30 miles south of Kirkuk , and north of Baghdad .
Thornetsi was a family that ruled the region of Djahan in Armenia .
Podłubianka ( pɔdwuˈbjaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Solec - Zdrój ( ( ˈsɔlɛt͡s ˈzdrui̯ ) ) is a village in Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Ondřejov Observatory ( pronounced ( ˈondr̝ɛjof ) ; Czech : Observatoř Ondřejov ) is the principal observatory of the Astronomical Institute ( Astronomický ústav ) of the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic .
Kiyangkongrejo ( Kyangkong Rejo ) , more commonly referred to as Kiyangkong , is a village in the district of Kutoarjo , Purworejo , Central Java , Indonesia .
Şorəlli ( also , Shorally ) is a village and municipality in the Barda Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Imboulou Dam is a dam on the Léfini River , near Ngabé , Ngabe District , Pool Department , Republic of the Congo , about 300 kilometers north of Brazzaville .
Prolisky ( Ukrainian : Проліски ) is a settlement on the eastern edge of the city of Kiev , in the Boryspil district of Ukraine .
Botnedalsvatn is a lake in the valley Botnedalen in the municipality Tokke in Telemark , Norway .
The Viana do Castelo District ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( viˈɐnɐ ðu kɐʃˈtɛlu ) , Portuguese : Distrito de Viana do Castelo ) is a district located in the northwest of Portugal , bordered by Spain from the north and Braga District from the south .
Yaralujeh ( Persian : يارالوجه‎ , also Romanized as Yārālūjeh ; also known as Yaraldzha and Yārālūcheh ) is a village in Peyghan Chayi Rural District , in the Central District of Kaleybar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ekenäs Archipelago National Park ( Swedish : Ekenäs skärgårds nationalpark , Finnish : Tammisaaren saariston kansallispuisto ) is situated in the Ekenäs archipelago , in the Uusimaa region of Finland .
Shree Motilal Kanhaiyalal Fomra Institute of Technology , commonly known as SMK FIT , is an engineering college located in Chennai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Kajaanin Haka ( abbreviated KajHa ) is a football club from Kajaani in Finland .
The Accra Academy was the first private academy to be established in the Gold Coast , present - day Ghana .
Bajoga is a town and a local government headquarters of Funakaye in Northern part of Gombe State , Nigeria .
Sidi - Ayad is a small town in northern Algeria , 3 kilometers from the Soummam River in Béjaïa Province in the Kabylie region .
Golimbas ( also known as Kolimbas , Golimbasi , Goljimbas , or Rashaj ) is a populated place in the Vlorë County of Albania .
Casablanca American School is a coeducational , nursery through grade twelve private day school in Casablanca , Morocco .
Ödenäs Church ( Swedish : Ödenäs kyrka ) is a church in Ödenäs , Alingsås , Västergötland , Sweden .
Totovec ( Hungarian : Tótfalu ) is a village in Međimurje County , Croatia .
Alpspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps , to the east of Vaduz , with a height of 1,943 metres ( 6,375 ft ) or 1942 m.
Alcampell ( Spanish : ( alkamˈpel ) ) or El Campell ( Catalan : ( əɫ kəmˈpeʎ ) , locally : ( aɫ kamˈpeɫ ) ) is a municipality located in La Litera / La Llitera , province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
The New Union ( Social Liberals ) ( Lithuanian : Naujoji sąjunga ( socialliberalai ) , NS ) was a social - liberal political party in Lithuania .
Veerannapeta ( Telugu : వీరన్నపేట ) or Veerannapet is a village and gram panchayat in Kondurg mandal of Mahbubnagar district in Telangana , India .
Karnkowskie Rumunki ( karnˈkɔfskʲɛ ruˈmunki ) ( German : Karndorf - Räumung ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Lipno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Tbilisi State Academy of Arts ( Georgian : თბილისის სახელმწიფო სამხატვრო აკადემია ) is one of the oldest universities in Georgia and Caucasus .
The Khentii Mountains ( Mongolian : Хэнтийн нуруу ) are a mountain range in the Töv and Khentii Provinces in northern Mongolia .
The Arboretum Saint - Jean - de - la - Motte is the arboretum located along a botanical path in Saint - Jean - de - la - Motte , Sarthe , Pays de la Loire , France .
Rakvere Theatre is a professional theatre in Rakvere , Estonia .
The Frontier Touring Company ( t / a Frontier Touring ) is one of Australia and New Zealand 's largest concert promoters .
Hạ Long Bay ( Vietnamese : Vịnh Hạ Long , listen , literally : `` descending dragon bay '' ) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site , and a popular travel destination , in Quảng Ninh Province , Vietnam .
Scoveston Fort , on the northern shore of Milford Haven , Pembrokeshire , is a Grade II Listed Building which belongs to a series of forts built as part of the inner line of defence of the Haven following the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom .
Gorongosa National Park is at the southern end of the Great African Rift Valley in the heart of central Mozambique .
Osredek pri Hubajnici ( pronounced ( ɔˈsɾeːdək pɾi xuˈbaːi̯nitsi ) ) is a small settlement southwest of Studenec in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Tam O'Shanter Point is a headland located in Queensland , Australia on the north - eastern part of Rockingham Bay .
Tappeh Kaniz ( Persian : تپه كنيز‎ , also Romanized as Tappeh Kanīz ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Yeungjin High School is a high school located in Daegu , South Korea .
Aarjes ( also Arjis , ' Arjess , Arabic : عرجس‎ ) is a village located in the Zgharta District in the North Governorate of Lebanon .
The Ankobra River is primarily situated in Ghana .
Titiwangsa is one of the main areas located in the outskirts of Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Hegmataneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هگمتانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Avesta Municipality ( Avesta kommun ) is one of 290 municipalities of Sweden .
Suchowola - Kolonia ( suxɔˈvɔla kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Adamów , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Svartsengi Power Station ( Svartsengi ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈsvar̥sˌɛi̯ɲcɪ ) ) ; `` black meadow '' in Icelandic ) is a geothermal power station located about 4 km north of Grindavík , Iceland , near the Keflavík International Airport on the Reykjanes Peninsula .
Bolków ( ˈbɔlkuf ) ( German : Bolkenhain ) is a town in Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
League for Tuscany ( Lega per la Toscana ) is a regionalist political party in Italy active Tuscany .
Sadiq Abubakar III International Airport or Sultan Saddik Abubakar Airport ( IATA : SKO , ICAO : DNSO ) is an airport serving Sokoto , a city in the Sokoto State of Nigeria .
Karasaz ( or Kara - Saz ) is a village , center of Kosh - Debe rural community of the Kochkor District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Levoča District ( okres Levoča ) is a district in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
Atxondo ( Spanish : Achondo ) is a municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Basque Country , Spain .
Vorden is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , about 10 kilometres south - east of Zutphen .
For 2004 BH Air transported around 400,000 passengers to and from Bulgaria .
ERT3 ( Greek : ΕΡΤ3 ) , formerly ET3 ( short for Ellinikí Tileórasi 3 ; Greek : Ελληνική Τηλεόραση 3 ; Greek for Hellenic Television 3 ) , is the third television channel of the Hellenic Broadcasting Corporation ( ERT ) , the public broadcaster of Greece .
Vounargo ( Greek : Βούναργο ) is a village in the municipal unit of Iardanos , Elis , Greece .
Rudbahi ( Persian : رودباهي‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbāhī ) is a village in Qaleh Ganj Rural District , in the Central District of Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kasalia is a village in Gopalganj District , Bangladesh , part of Muksudpur Upazila .
Lubojna ( luˈbɔi̯na ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mykanów , within Częstochowa County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Takob ( Tajik : Taкoб ) is a ski resort located in the Region of Republican Subordination ( a region in Tajikistan ) , on the Safedorak Plateau , at heights from 2,100 metres ( 6,890 feet ) up to 3,000 metres ( 9,842 feet ) above sea level , 50 km ( 31.07 mi ) north of Dushanbe .
The Kharraqan towers are mausoleums , built in 1067 and 1093 , located on the plains in northern Iran , near Qazvin .
The Service d'exploitation de la formation aéronautique ( SEFA ) was the French national flight school , located in nine places in France and managed by the direction générale de l'aviation civile ( DGAC ) .
Ruda - Bridska ( Ukrainian : Руда-Брідська ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Bangaon ( Bengali : বনগাঁ ) is a city and a municipality in North 24 Parganas district in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Buri Peninsula extends from central Eritrea north into the Red Sea .
Hahn bei Marienberg is an Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Los Tucanes de Tijuana is a Mexican Regional Band founded on April 13 , 1987 , by Mario Quintero Lara and a group of friends in the City of Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico .
Shahrak - e Kondaz ( Persian : شهرک کنداز‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Kondāz ) is a village in Abarj Rural District , Dorudzan District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Pallini ( Greek : Παλλήνη ) is a suburban town and a municipality in East Attica , Greece .
Ambinanindovoka is a rural commune in the Central Highlands of Madagascar .
Merelava ( or Mere Lava ) is an island in the Banks Islands of northern Vanuatu .
After the founding of People 's Republic of China in 1949 , the free market was once considered capitalistic and hence officially suppressed , forcing Yiwu people to continue their trade secretly .
Ulnes Church ( Norwegian : Ulnes kirke ) is a long church ( Norwegian : langkirke ) located in Ulnes in the municipality of Nord - Aurdal in Oppland county , Norway .
Akliai is a village in Žeimiai eldership , Jonava district municipality , in Kaunas County , in central Lithuania .
The Lago di Piana degli Albanesi , ( in Albanian language liqeni i Horës së Arbëreshëvet ) , is an artificial lake in Piana degli Albanesi , in the Province of Palermo , Sicily , Italy .
Kibeho is a small town in south Rwanda , which became known outside of that country because of reported apparitions of the Blessed Virgin Mary and Jesus Christ occurring between 1981 and 1989 .
Asimenio ( Greek : Ασημένιο ) is a village in the municipality of Didymoteicho in the northern part of the Evros regional unit in Greece .
The Al Sufouh Towers is a complex of two buildings in Dubai Media City in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Sunway Putra Mall , previously known as The Mall or Putra Place , is a shopping mall located along Jalan Putra in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Ichnia ( Ukrainian : Ічня ) is a town in the Chernihiv Oblast of Ukraine , located on the river Ichen'ka .
Alagovac Lake is a lake in the municipality of Nevesinje , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Écréhous ( or Les Écréhou ; in Jèrriais : Êcrého ) are a group of islands and rocks situated six miles ( 9.6 km ) north - east of Jersey , and eight miles ( 12.8 km ) from France .
Bystrzyca Łomnicka is a river in south - western Poland .
Innaarsuit Heliport ( IATA : IUI , ICAO : BGIN ) is a heliport in Innaarsuit , a village in the Upernavik Archipelago of Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Haiphong ( Vietnamese : Hải Phòng , listen ) is the third largest city of Vietnam and northern Vietnam 's most important seaport with its deep - water anchorage and large maritime facilities .
Lac d'Hourtin - Carcans is a lake in the Médoc region of France , located in the département of Gironde .
State Bank of India , Alleppey District Cooperative Bank and Arthunkal Village Service Cooperative Bank are major Banks in this place .
The Macará River forms part of the border between Ecuador and Peru .
Savu ( also known as Sawu , Sabu , Sawoe , Havu , Hawu , Hawoe ) is the largest of a group of three islands , situated midway between Sumba and Rote , west of Timor , in Indonesia 's eastern province , East Nusa Tenggara .
Millingen aan de Rijn ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈmɪlɪŋə(n ) aːn də ˈrɛin ) ) is a former municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands , in the municipality of Berg en Dal ( formerly known as Groesbeek ) .
L'Orignal déchaîné ( The Unchained Moose ) is the French language student newspaper at Laurentian University in Sudbury , Ontario , Canada .
De Nederlandsche Bank ( DNB , The Dutch Bank ) is the central bank of the Netherlands .
The Mariyamma Temple is situated in Boloor , India , dedicated to Goddess Mariyamma , situated approximately 5 km from Mangaladevi Temple in Mangalore city .
Suryabagh ( Telugu : సూర్యాబాగ్ ) is one of the old suburbs in Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh , India , close to Jagadamba Center .
The Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions ( Norwegian : Landsorganisasjonen i Norge , LO ) is a national trade union center , decidedly the largest and probably the most influential umbrella organization of labour unions in Norway .
Mangalam River is the main tributary of the river Gayathripuzha , which in turn is a tributary of Bharathapuzha , the second longest river in Kerala , India .
Cruseilles is a town and commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
The Atzelberg Tower was situated on the summit of the 506.7 m - high ( 1,662 ft ) mountain , Atzelberg , which in turn is located in the town of Kelkheim , in the kreis ( district ) of Main - Taunus , in the state of Hesse , in Germany .
South Canberra or the Inner South is a central district of Canberra , the capital city of Australia .
Larissos ( Greek : Λαρίσσος ) is a former municipality in Achaea , West Greece , Greece .
Anthidona ( Greek : Ανθηδόνα ) is a former municipality in Euboea regional unit , Greece .
Namtok Kaeng Song ( Thai : น้ำตกแก่งซอง ) is a waterfall and tourist attraction in the Wang Thong district of Phitsanulok Province in Thailand .
Waterval is a residential township in front of Elim Hospital , it is situated in the Hlanganani district of the former Tsonga homeland of Gazankulu , alongside the R578 road to Giyani in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
The Rio Castle ( Greek : κάστρο του Ρίου or Καστέλι της Πάτρας ) is located at the north tip of the Rio peninsula in Achaea , Greece , at the entrance of the Corinthian Gulf .
Aléria ( Ancient Greek : Ἀλαλίη , Alaliē ; Latin and Italian : Aleria , Corsican : U Cateraghju ) is a commune in the Haute - Corse department of France on the island of Corsica , former bishopric and present Latin Catholic titular see .
Sobrarbe is one of the comarcas of Aragon , Spain .
Karuzi is a city located in eastern Burundi .
Dolega District ( Spanish pronunciation : ( doˈleɣa ) ) is a district ( distrito ) of Chiriquí Province in Panama .
The Maskelynes Islands are a small chain of low islands that forms part of Vanuatu in the Pacific Ocean .
The Bradley Octagon House , also called the Parker Octagon House or the James Parker Octagon House , is an historic octagon house located at 5783 Summer Street in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada .
Beočić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Беочић ) is a village in Šumadija and Western Serbia ( Šumadija ) , in the municipality of Rekovac ( Region of Levač ) , lying at 43 ° 50′36``N 21 ° 11′46''E , at the elevation of 220 m. According to the 2002 census , the village had 572 citizens .
The Mississauga Blob was the name given to a flaming object -- later identified as a frisbee -- that fell on a back - yard picnic table in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada , at about 5:00 p.m. on Saturday , June 16 , 1979 .
Sikonge is a town and ward in Sikonge District , Tabora Region , Tanzania , East Africa .
The Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe is a Group 1 flat horse race in France open to thoroughbreds aged three years or older .
The Ndogo Lagoon is located in the southwestern part of Gabon .
The Cuxtal Ecological Reserve is located south of Mérida in the state of Yucatán in southeastern Mexico .
Vibenshus Runddel ( literally `` Vibenshus Circle ) is a major junction and public spare where the streets Jagtvej , Nørre Allé , Øster Allé and Lyngbyvejen meet at the northwestern corner of Fælledparken in the outer Østerbro area of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Braldu River ( Urdu : برالڑو ندی‎ ) flows in the Skardu District of Gilgit Baltistan in Pakistan .
The Spencer Highway is a highway along the east coast of Spencer Gulf in South Australia .
The name , Hiab , comes from the commonly used abbreviation of Hydrauliska Industri AB , a company founded in Hudiksvall , Sweden 1944 by Eric Sundin , a ski manufacturer who saw a way to utilize a truck 's engine to power loader cranes through the use of hydraulics .
Feldmoos - Chli - Titlis Aerial Tramway was an aerial tramway in Switzerland .
Wright Rock is a small , steep - sided granite island , with an area of 9.36 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Legnica ( lɛɡˈɲit͡sa ) ( archaic Polish : Lignica , German : Liegnitz , Czech : Lehnice , Latin : Lignitium ) is a town in southwestern Poland , in Silesia , in the central part of Lower Silesia , on the plain of Legnica , riverside :
Maison Cartier is a historic house in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Brazeau Reservoir is a large man made reservoir in Alberta , Canada .
St. Paulusheim is an independent Gymnasium in Bruchsal , Germany with sponsorship of the school foundation of the archdiocese of Freiburg .
Moradkandi ( Persian : مرادكندي‎ , also Romanized as Morādkandī ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
NK Žepče was a football club from Žepče , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Piggs Peak Airfield ( ICAO : FDNG ) is an airstrip serving Ngonini , in Swaziland .
The Adelaide Street Circuit ( also known as the Adelaide Parklands Circuit ) is a temporary street circuit in the East Parklands adjacent to the central business district of the city of Adelaide in South Australia .
Zawar is a settlement located in Udaipur District , Rajasthan , India , approximately 40 km from the lake city Udaipur .
Isara Tocha was one of the 77 woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Golaki ( Persian : گلكي‎ , also Romanized as Golakī ; also known as Gīlīkī and Gulaki ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Shurbazar is a market town in eastern Uzbekistan , Central Asia .
Nik Mohammad ( Persian : نيك محمد‎ , also Romanized as Nīk Moḩammad ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Brokopondo Reservoir , officially named Professor Doctor Ingenieur W. J. van Blommestein Meer , and also called the Brokopondostuwmeer , is a large reservoir in the South American country Suriname .
Cimanggis is a district in Depok , province of West Java , Indonesia .
The Mackinnon - Sclater road was a 600mile/1000 km ox cart track from Mombasa to Busia in Kenya started in 1890 by the British East Africa Company ( IBEAC ) .
The Conference League Four - Team Championship was an annual motorcycle speedway contest between teams competing in the Conference League in the United Kingdom .
Aygevan ( Armenian : Այգևան ) ; formerly Sovkhoz Nomer Shest -- ( Russian for `` Sovkhoz number six '' ) , later Imeni Stalina , later Dzerzhinski and Imeni Dzerzhinskogo , is a village in the Armavir Province of Armenia .
The Hospital of the Holy Ghost , Aalborg ( Danish : Helligåndsklostret i Aalborg ) , the buildings of which , although now without any religious function , are still known as Aalborg Kloster ( lit . Aalborg Monastery ) , is a former establishment of the Order of the Holy Ghost in Aalborg , Denmark .
Grenda 's Bus Services was a bus and coach operator in Melbourne , Australia .
Libohovë Castle ( Albanian : Kalaja e Libohovës ) is a castle in Libohovë , southern Albania .
Bariku ( Persian : بريكو‎ , also Romanized as Bārīkū ; also known as Bārīkūh and Pārī Kūh ) is a village in Madvarat Rural District , in the Central District of Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The French Grand Prix ( 1906 - -1967 : Grand Prix de l'ACF , 1968 - -2008 : Grand Prix de France ) was a race held as part of Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile 's annual Formula One automobile racing championships .
Mahmudabad - e Bahadar ( Persian : محمود آباد بهادر‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Bahādar ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Etisalat Tower 1 ( known as Etisalat Tower until Etisalat Tower 2 began construction ) is a 17-floor tower in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Logovardi ( Macedonian : Логоварди ) is a village situated in Pelagonia , east of Bitola , Republic of Macedonia .
Iboloji , ( Iboloji layout ) is an estate in Rumuigbo , which is in the city of Port Harcourt in Rivers State , Nigeria .
Mansurabad - e Mehdiyeh ( Persian : منصورابادمهديه‎ , also Romanized as Manşūrābād - e Mehdīyeh ; also known as Manşūrābād - e Bālā ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Acesur is a referent company within the olive oil sector in Spain , with 100 % Spanish capital share and at the top five in the international framework .
The Karnataka State Law University ( KSLU ) is a State university situated at Navanagar , Hubli , Karnataka , India .
Baseball Manitoba , or the Manitoba Baseball Association , is the governing body for amateur baseball in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
The RCMP Heritage Centre ( French : Le Centre du patrimoine de la GRC ) is a museum located in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Podstole ( pɔtsˈtɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęki Szlacheckie , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sukkur Airport ( IATA : SKZ , ICAO : OPSK ) is a domestic airport situated about 8 km away from the city centre of Sukkur in the Sukkur District in the Sindh province of Pakistan .
Iwierzyce ( ivjɛˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in Ropczyce - Sędziszów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Magarevo ( Macedonian Cyrillic : Магарево ) is a village 8.29 kilometers away from Bitola , which is the second largest city in Macedonia .
Kalyvia Ilidos ( Greek : Καλύβια Ήλιδος ) is a village in the northern part of the municipal unit of Amaliada , Elis , Greece .
Karim Sara ( Persian : كريم سرا‎ , also Romanized as Karīm Sarā ) is a village in Asalem Rural District , Asalem District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Hötorget buildings ( Swedish : Hötorgshusen or Hötorgsskraporna , `` -scrapers '' ) are five high - rise office buildings in Stockholm , Sweden .
Enveitg ( Catalan : Enveig ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Klewiny ( klɛˈvinɨ ) ( German : Klewienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Banie Mazurskie , within Gołdap County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kalliani ( Greek : Καλλιάνι ) is a village in northwestern Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Chagharlu ( Persian : چاغرلو‎ , also Romanized as Chāgharlū and Chāgherlū ) is a village in Saheb Rural District , Ziviyeh District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Taíras River is a river in Tocantins state in central Brazil .
Masjed Hazarat Abu ol Fazl ( Persian : مسجدحضرت ابوالفضل‎ , also Romanized as Masjed Ḩaẕarat Abū ol Faẕl ) is a village in Bahadoran Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Komosewo ( kɔmɔˈsɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Grajewo County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The Soyang Dam , also referred to as the Soyanggang Dam , is an embankment dam on the Soyang River , 10 km ( 6 mi ) northeast of Chuncheon in Gangwon - do Province , South Korea .
The town of Bagamoyo , Tanzania , was founded at the end of the 18th century .
Nor Zeytun ( also Zeytun ) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia .
Mazraeh - ye Chari ( Persian : مزرعه چاري‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Chārī ) is a village in Now Bandegan Rural District , Now Bandegan District , Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
The 2012 Shwebo earthquake occurred at 07:42 local time ( 01:12 UTC ) on 11 November in Myanmar .
Dolenja Vas pri Mirni Peči ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnja ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈmiːɾni ˈpɛːtʃi ) ; Slovene : Dolenja vas pri Mirni Peči ) is a small village in the Municipality of Mirna Peč in southeastern Slovenia .
Barrancos ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( bɐˈrɐ̃kuʃ ) ou ( bɐˈʁɐ̃kuʃ ) ) is a town and a municipality in Portugal .
Pabbi is a tehsil in Nowshera District of Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Víkarbyrgi is a former village on the Faroese island of Suðuroy , Faroe Islands .
Yasman ( Persian : یَسمَنچچ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Puša parish ( Latvian : Pušas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality , Latvia .
The Lille tramway ( French : Tramway de Lille ) is a public transit system in the city of Lille in Nord - Pas - de - Calais , France .
Hlaingbwe ( Mon : လိုၚ်ဗၟဲ , ( làŋ plòa ) ) is a town in the Kayin State of south Myanmar .
Uścimów ( uɕˈt͡ɕimuf ) is a village in Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Port of Taipei or Taipei Harbor ( Chinese : 台北港 ; pinyin : Táiběi Gǎng ) is the latest operated international port of Taiwan .
Termoli railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Termoli ) serves the town and comune of Termoli , in the region of Molise , southern Italy .
The Istanbul Metro ( Turkish : İstanbul Metrosu ) is a rapid transit railway network that serves the city of Istanbul , Turkey .
Telecommunication Tower Aarhus ( Danish Søsterhøj Antennen , Søsterhøj Senderen or simply Søsterhøj ) , is a radio and television transmission tower in Aarhus , Denmark .
Xàtiva ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈʃativa ) , locally : ( ( æj)ˈʃætɪʋæ ) ; Spanish : Játiva ( ˈxatiβa ) ) is a town in eastern Spain , in the province of Valencia , on the right ( western ) bank of the river Albaida and at the junction of the Valencia--
The Estadio Azteca ( Spanish pronunciation : ( esˈtaðjo asˈteka ) ) is a football stadium located in the suburb of Santa Ursula in Mexico City , Mexico .
Carlingford High School is a government high school located in Carlingford , Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The Municipality of Bohinj ( Slovene : Občina Bohinj ) is a municipality in the Upper Carniola region of northwest Slovenia .
Javanabad ( Persian : جوان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Javānābād ; also known as Delbar - e Rok Rok ) is a village in Veysian Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Enskede - Årsta was a borough ( stadsdelsområde ) in the southern part of Stockholm , Sweden from 1998 to 1 January 2007 .
The Bergen Program for Transport , Urban Development and the Environment ( Norwegian : Bergensprogrammet for transport , byutvikling og miljø ) is a political agreement for financing road and light rail investments in Bergen , Norway , from 2002 to 2015 .
Marble Canyon Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , established in 1956 to protect Marble Canyon , a limestone formation at the south end of the Marble Range .
Lake Băneasa ( Romanian : Lacul Băneasa ) is a reservoir on the Colentina River at Băneasa in Sector 1 of Bucharest , Romania .
Choa Kariala railway station ( Urdu : چوآکڑیالہ ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Choa Kariala village , Gujrat district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
ASKÖ Pasching was an Austrian football club based in Pasching , Upper Austria .
Torre Núñez y Navarro ( also Repsol building ) is a skyscraper in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
The Machakhlistskali or Machakhlitskal ( Georgian : მაჭახელისწყალი , Turkish : Maçahel Suyu ) is a river that flows from the Artvin Province in Turkey to Adjara autonomous republic of Georgia .
Purdka ( ˈpurtka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Purda , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The James H B Carr Stakes is an Australian Turf Club Group 3 Thoroughbred horse race under set weights with penalties conditions for three - year - old fillies , held over a distance of 1400 metres at Randwick Racecourse , Sydney , Australia in April .
Heimdal Church ( Norwegian : Heimdal kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Wanhatti is a town and resort in Suriname , located in the Marowijne district on the Cottica River .
Harbour City Opera ( HCO ) is an opera company in Sydney , Australia , presenting chamber opera performances from the mainstream operatic repertoire .
The 2009 Luoding flood ( Chinese : 罗定船步水灾 ) was a major flood that occurred in Luoding , Guangdong in the People 's Republic of China on the week of September 17 , 2009 .
Nedungadu , formerly Nedoungadou , is a town and commune in the Karaikal District of Puducherry , India .
Kapedes ( Greek : Καπέδες ) is village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus .
Tamanredjo is a resort and town in Suriname , located in the Commewijne District .
The Vatican Pharmacy ( Latin and Italian : Farmacia Vaticana ) is the only pharmacy in the Vatican City , founded in 1874 by Eusebio Ludvig Fronmen , a Fatebenefratelli monk .
Arača is a medieval Romanesque church ruin located about 12 km north of Novi Bečej , Serbia .
Csopak is a village in Veszprém county , Hungary at Lake Balaton .
Razgari ( Persian : رزگاري‎ , also Romanized as Razgārī ) is a village in Lahijan - e Gharbi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
St Joseph College of Communication ( SJCC ) , is the first university affiliated media college in South India .
German submarine U-848 was a Type IXD2 U - boat built for Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . Laid down in Bremen and completed in February 1943 , the boat was a long - range Type IX , with four bow and two stern torpedo tubes .
Chocianowice ( xɔt͡ɕanɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( Silesian : Koćanowicy , German : Kotschanowitz , Kiefernrode ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lasowice Wielkie , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kecel is a town in Bács - Kiskun county , in southern Hungary .
Kundannoor ( Malayalam : കുണ്ടന്നൂര്‍ ) is a fast developing region of Kochi city in the state of Kerala , India .
Anuradhapura Airport ( Sinhalese : අනුරාධපුර ගුවන්තොටුපළ , Tamil : அனுராதபுரம் விமான நிலையம் , IATA : ACJ , ICAO : VCCA ) is a domestic airport serving Anuradhapura in Sri Lanka .
The Misinchinka River is a river in the north - central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , rising in the northern Hart Ranges to flow northwest to join the Parsnip River just before that river 's estuary into the Parsnip Reach of Lake Williston , part of the Peace - Mackenzie Rivers drainage .
Asian Highway 4 ( AH4 ) is a route of the Asian Highway Network which runs 6,024 km ( 3,743 mi ) from Novosibirsk , Russia ( on AH6 ) via Ürümqi , China ( on AH5 ) to Karachi , Pakistan ( on AH7 ) .
Juan Castro Blanco National Park is a National Park , part of the Arenal Huetar Norte Conservation Area , in the northern part of Costa Rica about 100 km north of San José , to the east of Ciudad Quesada in Alajuela Province .
Azinhaga ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɐziˈɲaɣ̞ɐ ) ) is a village and a civil parish in the municipality of Golegã , located in Ribatejo , Portugal .
Kvaisi or Kvaisa ( Georgian : კვაისა , Ossetian : Къуайса ) is an urban - type settlement in the Oni Municipality of Georgia .
Chełmża ( ˈxɛu̯mʐa ) ( German : Kulmsee , earlier Culmsee ) , is a town in Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland .
Juqan ( Persian : جوقان‎ , also Romanized as Jūqān ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Orange S.A. , formerly France Télécom S.A. , is a French multinational telecommunications corporation .
Ouardana ( Amazigh : Waṛḍana , ⵡⴰⵕⴹⴰⵏⴰ , Arabic : واردانا ) is a commune in the Driouch Province of the Oriental administrative region of Morocco .
The Tuross River , an open semi - mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream , is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Druck or Drutsk ( Belarusian : Друцк , ( drutsk ) ; Russian : Друцк , also known as Дрютескъ ( Dryutesk ) or Дрюческъ ( Druchesk ) in the Middle Ages ) , is a historical town in Belarus , 40 kilometres ( ca . 25 miles ) west of Mahilyow .
Aghbolagh - e Chamanlu ( Persian : اغبلاغ چمنلو‎ , also Romanized as Āghbolāgh - e Chamanlū ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Pont de Rei ( English : King 's Bridge , French : Pont du Roi , Occitan : Eth Pònt de Rei ) is a bridge and border crossing over the Garonne River that connects the Aran Valley of Spain with the Haute - Garonne department of France .
The Granja do Torto ( Officially the Residência Oficial do Torto ) is an official residence maintained by the Presidency of Brazil .
Prime Seal Island is a long island , with a high central ridge and an area of 1220 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Via Caecilia , an ancient highroad of Italy , which diverged from the Via Salaria at the 35th mile ( 56 km ) from Rome , and ran by Amiternum to the Adriatic coast , passing probably by Hadria ( Atri ) .
Lawas is a small town and the capital of the Lawas District in Limbang Division of northern Sarawak , eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo .
Llico River is one of the principal rivers of Llanquihue Province in southern Chile .
El Tehuelche Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto El Tehuelche ) ( IATA : PMY , ICAO : SAVY ) is an airport located about 10 km northwest of downtown Puerto Madryn , in the province of Chubut , Argentina .
Indian Head - Milestone is a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan , Canada .
Sierra Negra ( also , and perhaps more properly , Cerro La Negra ) is an extinct volcanic companion peak of Mexico 's highest mountain , the Pico de Orizaba ( Citlaltepetl ) .
Botevgrad ( Bulgarian : Ботевград ; pre-1934 Orhanie ( Орхание ) ; pre-1866 : Samundzhievo ( Самунджиево ) ) , is a town in western Bulgaria .
The Nanterre massacre refers to an act of mass murder that occurred on March 27 , 2002 , in Nanterre , France .
Canzibe Hospital is a Provincial government funded hospital in Canzibe , Eastern Cape in South Africa .
The Senate of Serampore College ( University ) is located in Serampore Town , in Hooghly District , West Bengal , India .
Telšiai Bishop Vincentas Borisevičius Priest Seminary ( Lithuanian : Telšių Vyskupo Vincento Borisevičiaus kunigų seminarija ) is a Roman Catholic seminary in Telšiai , Lithuania .
The Midway Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains , located between the Kettle and Granby Rivers in British Columbia , Canada .
Bratuš is a village in Central Dalmatia , Croatia close to the city of Makarska .
Pilestræde ( lit . English : Willow Alley ) is a street in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Wszemirów ( fʂɛˈmiruf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prusice , within Trzebnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Karachi Boat Club ( KBC ) is a recreational boat club in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan .
Mahamakut Buddhist University or MBU ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยมหามกุฏราชวิทยาลัย ; rtgs : Maha Makutta Ratcha Witthayalai ) is one of the two public Buddhist universities in Thailand .
Kudirkos Naumiestis ( pronunciation ) is in the Šakiai district municipality , Lithuania .
Lubicz Górny ( ˈlubit͡ʂ ˈɡurnɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubicz , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
In 1934 , Bombay Talkies , the first movie company to be founded in India , was established in Malad by Himanshu Rai and Devika Rani .
Dublin ( /ˈdʌblᵻn/ , Irish : Baile Átha Cliath ( blʲaːˈklʲiəh ) ) is the capital and largest city of Ireland .
Mowtowr - e Kheyr Mohammad Huti ( Persian : موتورخيرمحمدهوتي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Kheyr Moḩammad Hūtī ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gorbea Natural Park is a protected area that is located between the provinces of Alava and Vizcaya in the Basque Country ( Spain ) , the highest Basque natural park with an area of 20,008 hectares ( 49,440 acres ) .
Siglufjörður is a small fishing town in a narrow fjord with the same name on the northern coast of Iceland .
Rogaland College was a privately owned college situated about 40 kilometers ( 25 mi ) south of Stavanger in Norway .
Acapulco de Juárez ( Spanish : ( akaˈpulko de ˈxwaɾes ) ) , commonly called Acapulco , is a city , municipality and major seaport in the state of Guerrero on the Pacific coast of Mexico , 380 kilometres ( 240 mi ) southwest from Mexico City .
Rue de la Montagne is a north - south street located in downtown Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition is a music competition for young pianists that takes place in Bolzano , Italy .
Ilha do Cabo ( English : Cape Island ) typically known as Ilha de Luanda ( English : Island of Luanda ) is a spit off the shore of Luanda , the capital of Angola .
Otuziki ( also , Verkhniy Otuziki ) is a village and municipality in the Imishli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Quba ( also , Kuba , Guba and Kuwa ; Lezgin : Къуба́ Judæo - Tat : Qybə / Гъуьбэ / קאובּא ) is a city in and the capital of the Quba Rayon ( district ) of Azerbaijan .
Osh State University is a government - sector university in Kyrgyzstan that has been training foreign students since 1992 .
Sankt Aegyd am Neuwalde is a market town in the district of Lilienfeld , Lower Austria .
Entrambasaguas is a small municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria , Spain , 25 km south of the Bay of Santander .
Velika Stara Vas ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Velika Stara vas , German : Großaltendorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The Cricket Society now has more than 2000 members in the United Kingdom and the cricket playing countries of the world .
The Tango Monastery is a Buddhist monastery located 14 kilometres ( 8.7 mi ) to the north of the capital city of Thimphu in Bhutan , near Cheri Mountain .
Cégep de Saint - Hyacinthe is a CEGEP ( College of General and Vocational Education ) located at 3000 Boullé Street , Saint - Hyacinthe , Quebec , Canada .
Frankenstein Castle ( German : Burg Frankenstein ) is a hilltop castle in the Odenwald overlooking the city of Darmstadt in Germany .
Adithya Institute of Technology ( AIT ) , located at Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India , is a private self - financing engineering Institute , adithya Institute of Technology is a engineering college in coimbatore .
Robovo ( Macedonian : Робово ) is a village in the Bosilovo Municipality of Macedonia
Fuente Obejuna is a city located in the province of Córdoba , Andalucía , Spain .
Ezernieki parish ( Latvian : Ezernieku pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Dagda Municipality , Latvia .
The Volcanoes of east - central Baja California are located on the Baja California Peninsula near the Gulf of California , in the state of Baja California Sur , in Mexico .
Sutherland Hospital is part of the South Eastern Sydney Local Health District and is located in Caringbah , a southern suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Takht - e Jamshid ( Persian : تخت جمشيد‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Jamshīd and Takht - i - Jamshīd ) is a village in Kenareh Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mistastin crater is a meteorite crater in Labrador , Canada which contains the roughly circular Mistastin Lake .
The Plurinational Constitutional Tribunal ( Spanish : Tribunal Constitucional Plurinacional ) is a national court in Bolivia charged with adjudicating the constitutionality of laws , government power , and treaties in accordance with the country 's 2009 Constitution , which created it .
Valley Gardens Middle School is located in Monkseaton , Whitley Bay in North Tyneside , United Kingdom .
Oskova ( Serbian : Оскова ) is a village in the municipality of Banovići , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Camp Hughes was a Canadian military training camp , located in the Rural Municipality of North Cypress west of the town of Carberry in Manitoba , Canada .
Blues Point Tower is an apartment block in Sydney , Australia .
See - Gaster is a constituency ( Wahlkreis ) in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Chapinero is a locality ( administrative subdivision ) of Bogotá , capital of Colombia .
Caripe is a town in Caripe Municipality in the mountainous north of the state of Monagas in eastern Venezuela .
Prato Centrale railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Prato Centrale ) is the main station serving the city and comune of Prato , in the region of Tuscany , central Italy .
Gräfenroda is a municipality in Thuringia in the northeast of the Thüringer Wald forest , Ilm - Kreis district , Germany .
Naro - Fominsk ( Russian : На́ро-Фоми́нск ) is a town and the administrative center of Naro - Fominsky District in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located on the Nara River , 70 kilometers ( 43 mi ) southwest from Moscow .
The Popular Front of the Canary Islands ( Frente Popular de las Islas Canarias ) or FREPIC - AWAÑAK is a marginal leftist political party seeking independence from Spain for the Canary Islands .
Kiribathgoda is a large suburb of Colombo city , and is situated on A1 highway , from Colombo to Kandy between Kelaniya and Mahara / Kadawatha in Sri Lanka .
The Association of Muslim Professionals ( Abbreviation : AMP ) is a community self - help group in Singapore that was established on October 10 , 1991 .
The Toronto School of Theology ( TST ) is an ecumenical centre for graduate theological education and the largest of its kind in Canada .
The Yangon Central Women 's Hospital ( Burmese : ရန်ကုန် ဗဟို အမျိုးသမီး ဆေးရုံ ) is a public hospital in Yangon , Myanmar .
Bjegovići ( Serbian : Бјеговићи ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Oper am Gänsemarkt was a theatre in Hamburg , Germany , built in 1678 after plans of Girolamo Sartorio .
Kolonia Święte ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈɕfjɛntɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waganiec , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gardiner Street ( Irish : Sráid Ghairdinéir ) is in Dublin , Ireland and stretches from the River Liffey at its southern end via Mountjoy Square to Dorset Street at its northern end .
Cromwell Racecourse Aerodrome ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : NZCS ) is a small airport 1 Nautical Mile ( 1.9 km ) to the west of Cromwell township in Central Otago on the South Island of New Zealand .
Polish Naval Academy ( PNA ) is a military - training university located in Gdynia , Poland .
Felsőszölnök ( Slovene : Gornji Senik , German : Oberzemming , Latin : Zelnuk Superior ) is a village in Vas County , Hungary .
Ndora is a village and commune / sector in Butare Province , south - western Rwanda , located roughly 10 kilometres east of the city of Butare .
The RWI Essen , full German name Rheinisch - Westfälisches Institut für Wirtschaftsforschung e . V. , is a leading economic research institute in Essen , Germany .
Frol is a former municipality in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Esefjorden is a fjord arm on the north side of the Sognefjord in the municipality of Balestrand in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Coro Gulf is located near Coro , a city in Falcón State of Venezuela .
Taegwan County is a kun , or county , in northeastern North P'yŏngan province , North Korea .
Alba Longa ( occasionally written Albalonga in Italian sources ) was an ancient city of Latium in central Italy , 19 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southeast of Rome , in the Alban Hills .
Manduria is a city and comune of Apulia , Italy , in the province of Taranto .
Ilzeskalns parish ( Latvian : Ilzeskalna pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Rēzekne Municipality , Latvia .
City and County of St. John was a federal electoral district in New Brunswick , Canada , that was represented in the Canadian House of Commons from 1867 to 1917 .
Qift ( Arabic : قفط‎ ; Coptic : Ⲕⲉϥⲧ Keft or Kebto ; Egyptian Gebtu ; Ancient Greek : Κόπτος Coptos or Koptos ; Roman Justinianopolis ) is a small town in the Qena Governorate of Egypt about 43 km north of Luxor , on the east bank of the Nile .
Sianezar ( Persian : سيانزار‎ , also Romanized as Sīānezār , Sīānzār , and Seyānzār ; also known as Sīāh Nesār and Sīāhnisar ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Viimsi JK , or simply as Viimsi , is a football club based in Haabneeme , Viimsi Parish , Estonia .
Ruda Waplewska ( ˈruda vaˈplɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olsztynek , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Praproče pri Grosupljem ( pronounced ( ˈpɾaːpɾɔtʃɛ pɾi ɡɾɔˈsuːpljɛm ) ; in older sources also Prapreče , German : Lichtenberg ) is a small settlement east of Grosuplje in central Slovenia .
The Royal Swazi Sun Hotel is a major entertainment complex in the Ezulwini Valley of Swaziland .
Ortnek ( pronounced ( ɔɾˈtnɛk ) ; German : Ortenegg ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
El - Mansuriya or Mansuriya ( Tunisian Arabic : المنصوريه ‎ ) , near Kairouan , Tunisia , was the capital of the Fatimid Caliphate during the rules of the Ismaili Shia Muslim Imams al - Mansur Billah ( r. 946 - -953 ) and al - Mu'izz li - Din Allah ( r. 953 - -975 ) .
Djupeskardnosi is a mountain in Hol municipality in Buskerud , in southern Norway .
The Gârcina mine is a large potash mine located in eastern Romania in Neamţ County , close to Gârcina .
Gol Bazu ( Persian : گلبازو‎ , also Romanized as Gol Bāzū ; also known as Gol Bāzo ) is a village in Nowsher - e Koshk - e Bijar Rural District , Khoshk - e Bijar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Jahazban - e Pain ( Persian : جهازبان پائين‎ , also Romanized as Jahāzbān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Semnan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Słowiński National Park ( Polish : Słowiński Park Narodowy ) is a national park in Pomeranian Voivodeship , northern Poland .
Wadelai is a village of northern Uganda on the Albert Nile and was the final chief station of Emin Pasha when Governor of Equatoria .
Agryz ( Russian : Агрыз ; Tatar : Cyrillic Әгерҗе , Latin Ägerce ) is a town and the administrative center of Agryzsky District in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia , located on the Izh River ( Volga 's basin ) , 304 kilometers ( 189 mi ) east of Kazan .
The Turtle Group is the name of four very small and vegetated islands part of the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park in Queensland , Australia .
Hanstholm fortress ( German : Festung Hanstholm ; Danish : Hanstholm batteri ) was a large coastal fortification , built by Nazi Germany at Hanstholm in north - western Denmark during World War II . The remains of the fortress is now a World War II museum situated in Thy National Park .
Motyczno ( mɔˈtɨt͡ʂnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Petaloudes ( Greek : Πεταλούδες ) is a former municipality on the island of Rhodes , in the Dodecanese , Greece .
Igriés is a small village located in the Hoya de Huesca , in the province of Aragón in northern Spain .
Korshavn Bay is a bay of northeastern Funen , Denmark , near the village of Nordskov .
Talmei Elazar ( Hebrew : תַּלְמֵי אֶלְעָזָר , lit . Elazar Furrows ) is a moshav in northern Israel .
Beris Dam is a water supply dam located in Kedah , Malaysia .
Malatkeşin ( also , Malat - Keshen , Malatkeshin , and Malatneshin ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Lalazar is a tourist spot situated 21 km from Naran in Kaghan Valley , Pakistan .
Zangulbareh ( Persian : زنگول بره‎ , also Romanized as Zangūlbareh ; also known as Zangolbareh ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Centennial Parklands is the name given to a group of three parklands in the eastern suburbs of Sydney , Australia .
Allauch ( Alaug in Occitan ; French pronunciation : ​(alo ) ) is a French commune situated east of Marseille in the department of Bouches - du - Rhône in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region of France .
Encs is a small town in Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén county , Northern Hungary , 30 kilometers from the county capital Miskolc .
Vary ( Ukrainian : Вари , Hungarian : Vári or Mezővári ) is a village in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Sde Warburg ( Hebrew : שְׂדֵה וַרְבּוּרְג ) is a moshav shitufi in the Center District of Israel , established in 1938 as a Tower and stockade by immigrants from Germany .
Kei Mouth ( Afrikaans : Keimond ) is a resort town on the southeast coast of South Africa , situated in the Wild Coast region of the Eastern Cape Province , situated 94 kilometres from the city of East London .
Neve Tzedek ( Hebrew : נְוֵה צֶדֶק , lit . Abode of Justice ) is a neighborhood located in southwestern Tel Aviv , Israel .
Kungsbron ( Swedish : `` King 's Bridge '' ) is a double bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Orumba North is a Local Government Area in Anambra State , East - central Nigeria .
Średnia Krokiew ( The Normal Krokiew , in Polish krokiew means rafter ) is a ski jumping normal hill in Zakopane , Poland .
Dowlatabad - e Qeysariyeh ( Persian : دولت آبادقيصريه‎ , also Romanized as Dowlatābād - e Qeyşarīyeh ) is a village in Azimiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rey County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Eversel is a small village in Heusden that is part of the municipality of Heusden - Zolder , Belgium .
Negarman ( Persian : نگارمن‎ , also Romanized as Negārman , Nekārman , Nigārman , Nogārīmān , Nogārman , and Nokārman ) is a village in Kharqan Rural District , Bastam District , Shahrud County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Koussour is a well area in the Arta Region of Djibouti .
The Blautopf ( German for Blue Pot ; `` blau '' means blue , `` topf '' means pot ) is a spring that serves as the source of the river Blau in the karst landscape on the Swabian Jura 's southern edge , in Southern Germany .
Donousa ( Greek : Δονούσα , also Δενούσα - Denousa ) is an island and a former community in the Cyclades , Greece .
Valença Airport ( IATA : VAL , ICAO : SNVB ) is the airport serving Valença , Brazil and the holiday area around Morro de São Paulo .
The American University of Paris ( AUP ) is a private , independent , and accredited liberal arts and sciences university in Paris , France .
German submarine U-1060 was a Type VIIF submarine of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II .
Czysta Woda ( ˈt͡ʂɨsta ˈvɔda ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Stężyca , within Kartuzy County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Raduše ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːduʃɛ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the City Municipality of Slovenj Gradec in northern Slovenia .
Oranjemund ( German for : `` Mouth of Oranje '' ) is a diamond mining town of 4,000 inhabitants situated in the extreme southwest of Namibia , on the northern bank of the Orange River mouth at the border to South Africa .
Ellingen Residence ( German : Residenz Ellingen ) is a Schloss in the Bavarian town of Ellingen , Germany .
Kabudeh - ye Hasanabad ( Persian : كبوده حسن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kabūdeh - ye Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Shomali Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Molos - Agios Konstantinos ( Greek : Μώλος-Άγιος Κωνσταντίνος ) is a municipality in the region of Central Greece , in Greece .
The Sork Ale Volcano ( also known as the Asdaga or Sorcali Volcano ) is a sicilic stratovolcano located in the Danakil Horst at the southern end of the Danakil Alps near the Ethiopia / Eritrea border .
Runayuq ( Quechua runa person ( woman , man or child ) , -yuq a suffix , `` the one with a man ( or people ) '' , hispanicized Runayoc ) is an archaeological site in Peru on a mountain of that name .
Komarapalayam is a textile town situated on the bank of the Cauvery river , Ganges River of South India , in Namakkal District , Tamil Nadu , India .
Lielmēmele Manor ( Latvian : Lielmēmeles muižas pils ) , also called Mēmele , is a manor house in the historical region of Selonia , in Latvia .
KIU Academy is an international , bilingual Christian school located in Kyōtanabe , Kyoto , Japan .
Laon - Athies Air Base is an abandoned military airfield , which is located near the city of Laon in the Aisne department of France .
Gura Jub - e Morad Beyg ( Persian : گوراجوب مرادبيگ‎ , also Romanized as Gūrā Jūb - e Morād Beyg ; also known as Gūrājū Morād Bak ) is a village in Gurani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Khadyzhensk ( Russian : Хады́женск ) is a town in Apsheronsky District of Krasnodar Krai , Russia , located on the Pshish River , 113 kilometers ( 70 mi ) southeast of Krasnodar .
Umuogele Ntigha is one of the villages that make up the Avoh Na Ogele autonomous community of Ntigha , Abia State , Nigeria .
Honghu ( Chinese : 洪湖 ; pinyin : Hónghú ) is a county - level city in the municipal region of Jingzhou , in the south of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China .
Loviisa ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈloviːsa ) ; Swedish : Lovisa Swedish pronunciation : ( luvˈiːsa ) ) is a municipality and town of 15,424 inhabitants ( 30 June 2015 ) on the southern coast of Finland .
The Midou or Midour ( /midu/ , Occitan : Midor ) is the left precursor of the Midouze , in the Southwest of France .
The Association for Somogy ( Hungarian : Somogyért , officially : Somogyért Egyesület ) is a local political party in the county of Somogy in Hungary , allied with the Hungarian Socialist Party .
Abelenkpe is a Urban area in the Accra Metropolitan district , a district of the Greater Accra Region of Ghana .
Jombok Hoas is a non - profit adventure retreat run by the Adventist Development and Relief Agency ( ADRA ) situated in forest in the small village of Sry Tnong ( near the town of Rovieng ) in Preah Vihear Province , Cambodia .
The Big Culvert is a substantial granite and bluestone arch culvert on the historic Yarra Track near Cambarville , Victoria , Australia .
Ewens Ponds is a series of three water - filled limestone sinkholes on Eight Mile Creek 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) south of Mount Gambier and 8.4 kilometres ( 5.2 mi ) east of Port Macdonnell , South Australia .
Orø is a small island in Denmark located in the Isefjord .
Garkan - e Sofla ( Persian : گركان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Garkān - e Soflá and Garekān - e Soflá ) is a village in Yusefvand Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kulkwitzer See is a lake in Saxony , Germany .
The Saudi Geological Survey ( SGS ) is the national geologic survey of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Ulica Miła 18 ( or 18 Pleasant Street in English ) was the headquarters `` bunker '' ( actually a hidden shelter ) of the Jewish Combat Organization ( ŻOB ) , a Jewish resistance group in the Warsaw Ghetto in Poland during World War II .
Beilul ( alternatively , Beylul ) is a small cape town in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea .
Morphou ( Greek : Μόρφου ; Turkish : Omorfo or Güzelyurt ) is a town in the northwestern part of Cyprus , under the de facto control of Northern Cyprus .
Forum Cassii was an ancient town of Etruria , in central Italy , situated on the Via Cassia , with the formation of which , from its name , it was certainly connected .
Botoșani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( botoˈʃanʲ ) ) ( Hungarian : Botosány , Polish : Botoszany , German : Botoschan ) is the capital city of Botoșani County , in northern Moldavia , Romania .
Huta Kryształowa ( ˈxuta krɨʂtaˈwɔva ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubaczów , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Most of the developed area is just above the current flood plain of the River Thames which benefits from hay meadows traditionally used as flood meadows to either side of Pangbourne , fewer than 15 properties here flooded during the Winter storms of 2013 - -14 in the United Kingdom .
The Kumano Sea is a body of water belonging to North Pacific Ocean ( Philippines Sea ) located off the coast of Kumano Region of the Kii Peninsula located in central Japan .
Grăniceri ( Hungarian : Ottlaka ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated on the Crișurilor Plain , at the western border of Romania .
Shin Kong Life Tower ( Chinese : 新光人壽保險摩天大樓 ; pinyin : Xīnguāng Rénshòu Bǎoxiǎn Mótiān Dàlóu ) is the third tallest building in Taiwan at 51 storeys 244.76 metres ( 803.0 ft ) .
Björndal is a village ( smaller locality ) in Ekerö Municipality , Stockholm County , southeastern Sweden .
Tubozabad ( Persian : توبزاباد‎ , also Romanized as Tūbozābād ; also known as Toppozābād ) is a village in Lahijan - e Sharqi Rural District , Lajan District , Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Frente de Reconstrução Nacional de Timor - Leste - Mudança ( English : Front for National Reconstruction of Timor - Leste - Change ) , commonly known as Frenti - Mudança , is a political party in East Timor led by Vice - Prime minister José Luís Guterres .
Nowshahr - e Surgi ( Persian : نوشهر سورگي‎ , also Romanized as Nowshahr - e Sūrgī ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Asilo de San Vicente de Paul is an orphanage located on UN Avenue in Manila , Philippines .
Dubna Parish ( Latvian : Dubnas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils District , Latvia .
Due to its striking inlay artwork , Bidriware is an important export handicraft of India and is prized as a symbol of wealth .
Limoges Conservatory or Conservatoire à rayonnement régional de Limoges is a musical conservatory in Limoges , France .
The Ponte di San Francesco ( Italian for Bridge of Saint Francis ) is a medieval segmental arch bridge over the Aniene in Subiaco , Lazio , Italy .
Gäu District is one of the ten districts of the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland , situated in the centre of the canton .
Safonovo-1 ( Russian : Сафоново-1 ) is a military garrison in Murmansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kola Peninsula on the Kola Bay , 4 kilometers ( 2.5 mi ) southwest of Severomorsk .
Fujairah International Airport ( Arabic : مطار الفجيرة الدولي‎ ) ( IATA : FJR , ICAO : OMFJ ) is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) south of Fujairah , United Arab Emirates .
Boheyr - e Yek ( Persian : بحيريك‎ ; also known as Beḩor , Bohair , Boher , and Būḩer ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
El Taref ( Arabic : الطارف‎ ) is a city in Algeria .
Pilolcura ( Mapudungun for hollow stone ) is a beach and hamlet in Valdivia Province , Los Ríos Region , Chile .
The Granitz is a wooded ridge in the southeast of Germany 's largest island , Rügen , between the Baltic Sea resorts of Binz and Sellin .
Monaghan ( pronounced /ˈmʌnəhən/ MUN - ə - hən ; Irish : Muineachán ) is the county town of County Monaghan , Ireland .
The Open Doek Film Festival , held annually in Turnhout , Belgium , since 1992 , is an international film festival with a focus on world cinema .
Wola Karczewska ( ˈvɔla karˈt͡ʂɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązowna , within Otwock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kovda River ( Russian : Ковда , Finnish Koutajoki ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast and Republic of Karelia , Russia .
Pequeño Seúl ( Korean : 작은 서울 : jageun seoul ) is a Koreatown in Mexico City .
Santed is a municipality located in the province of Zaragoza , Aragon , Spain .
Lipska Wola ( ˈlipska ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów , within Kozienice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Edachira is a small town in Kochi , Kerala in India .
The Larabanga Mosque is a historic mosque , built in the Sudanese architectural style in the village of Larabanga , Ghana .
The Caliphal Baths are Arab baths in Córdoba , Spain .
It became the Autonomous Republic of Crimea within newly independent Ukraine in 1991 , with Sevastopol having its own administration , within Ukraine but outside of the Autonomous Republic .
The Research Institute of Petroleum Industry , also known as NIOC - RIPI , often shortened to RIPI ( Persian : پژوهشگاه صنعت نفت‎‎ ) is a governmental research institute founded in 1959 in Tehran , Iran and is affiliated with National Iranian Oil Company .
Maduda is a village in Bas - Congo province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
The Ketu Municipal District was one of the districts in the Volta Region of Ghana .
Glendale Technology High School is a government high school in the suburb of Glendale , New South Wales , Australia .
Imeni Morozova ( Russian : имени Морозова ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia , located on the bank of Lake Ladoga by the source of the Neva River , northeast of Saint Petersburg .
The Château de Saint - Germain - Beaupré is a château in the commune of Saint - Germain - Beaupré in the Creuse département of France .
Tjentište ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тјентиште ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Ambankalai is one among the villages of Thiruvattar in the Kanniyakumari district in India .
The Poqueira is a river in La Alpujarra region in the province of Granada , in Spain .
Prizren is located on the slopes of the Šar Mountains ( Albanian : Malet e Sharrit ) in the southern part of the Republic of Kosovo The municipality has a border with Albania and the Republic of Macedonia .
The El Rey National Park ( Spanish : Parque Nacional El Rey ) is a national park of Argentina , located in the Anta Department , province of Salta , in the Argentine Northwest , 80 km from the provincial capital .
The Canadian Authors Association was founded in 1921 and is Canada 's oldest association for writers and authors .
Cotignola was the birthplace of the 15th century condottiero Muzio Attendolo , whose family Sforza ) later ruled Milan , Pesaro and other seigniories in Italy .
Vellayani is a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram , the capital city of Kerala , India .
Dorogawa Dam ( Japanese : 泥川ダム ) is a dam in Karuizawa , Nagano Prefecture , Japan .
Los Vilos Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto Los Vilos , ICAO : SCLV ) is a public use airport located near La Viña , Coquimbo , Chile .
De Graafschap ( Dutch pronunciation : ( də ˈɣraːfsxɑp ) ) is a professional football club from Doetinchem , Netherlands .
The Elliott District Community Government Council was a local government area of the Northern Territory , Australia .
Vissani ( Greek : Βήσσανη ) is a village in the municipal unit of Delvinaki , Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Horokhiv ( Ukrainian : Горохів , Polish : Horochów , Yiddish : ארכעוו‎ , Russian : Горохов ) is a town in Volyn Oblast , Ukraine .
Lechlin - Huby ( ˈlɛxlin ˈxubɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Skoki , within Wągrowiec County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mogilev Airport ( Belarusian : Аэрапорт Магілёў , Russian : Аэропорт Могилёв ) ( IATA : MVQ , ICAO : UMOO ) is an airport that serves Mahilyow , Belarus .
Bam Airport is an airport to the east of Bam , Iran ( IATA : BXR , ICAO : OIKM ) .
Serangoon Gardens Estate is a private residential estate in Singapore .
Kodlamane Vishnumurthy Temple is a Hindu temple located in the village of Balkur in Honnavar Taluk , in the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state , India .
Šentilj pod Turjakom ( pronounced ( ʃɛnˈtiːl pɔt tuˈɾjaːkɔm ) or ( ʃənˈtiːl pɔt tuˈɾjaːkɔm ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Mislinja in northern Slovenia .
El Aguajito ( also called Santa Ana caldera ) is a caldera volcano located on the Gulf of California in Mexico .
Mount Longonot is a stratovolcano located southeast of Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley of Kenya , Africa .
Katangsky District ( Russian : Катангский райо́н ) is an administrative district , one of the thirty - three in Irkutsk Oblast , Russia .
Večeslavci ( pronounced ( ʋeˈtʃeːslau̯tsi ) ; Hungarian : Vasvecsés , archaic Prekmurje Slovene : Vočeslavci , German : Sesseldorf or Sessldorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Rogašovci in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Bani Kinanah Department ( Arabic : لواء بني كنانة‎ ) is one of the nine departments that constitute the Irbid Governorate of Jordan .
Namatanai District is the southernmost and larger of the two districts of New Ireland Province in Papua New Guinea .
Kennedy Baptist College is an Australian coeducational independent secondary school located in Murdoch , Western Australia .
St George 's Church , Venice is an Anglican parish church in Venice , Italy in the Diocese in Europe .
Film Festival of Faculty of Informatics is a student film festival held annually in May at the Faculty of Informatics at Masaryk University in Brno , Czech Republic .
Lovund Church ( Norwegian : Lovund kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Lurøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Flat Witch Island , also known as Little Witch Island , is an island located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Four Roads Junction is a settlement on the island of Saint Lucia ; it is located at the northern end of the island towards its heart , near Ti Rocher , Dubrassay , and Trois Pitons .
Sad - e Zarivar ( Persian : سد زريوار‎ , also Romanized as Sad - e Zarīvār ) is a village in Zarivar Rural District , in the Central District of Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Cafetería Rolando bombing was an attack on the Rolando cafe in Calle del Correo , Madrid , Spain which killed 13 people and wounded 71 .
Ostrogozhsk ( Russian : Острого́жск ; Ukrainian : Острогозьк ) is a town and the administrative center of Ostrogozhsky District in Voronezh Oblast , Russia , located on the Tikhaya Sosna River ( a Don 's tributary ) , 142 kilometers ( 88 mi ) south of Voronezh , the administrative center of the oblast .
Berachampa ( Bengali : বেড়াচাঁপা , pronounced as : Be - ra - cha - pa ) is a small town on the outskirts of Kolkata , West Bengal , in eastern India .
Brickfields is a small to medium - sized town and residential neighbourhood ( as well as an administrative zone ) located just outside central Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia .
Khindsi Lake is a lake near the city of Ramtek in the Nagpur district of India .
The 2012 Summer Olympics medal table is a list of National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) ranked by the number of gold medals won during the 2012 Summer Olympics in London , the capital of the United Kingdom , from 27 July to 12 August 2012 .
The Menen Hotel is the larger of two hotels in the Meneng District in Nauru .
Bolbol Tappeh ( Persian : بلبل تپه‎ ; also known as Būrbūr Tappeh ) is a village in Qoroq Rural District , Baharan District , Gorgan County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Khomasdal is a suburb of Namibia 's capital of Windhoek in the Khomas Region .
The Zoological Garden of Beersheba ( AKA NegevZoo ) is a Zoo located near the west entrance of Beersheba , Israel .
Maussane - les - Alpilles ( Occitan : Maussana leis Aupilhas ) or ( provençal : Maussano lis Aupiho ) is a French commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in the Provence - Alpes - Cote d'Azur region in southern France .
Gic is a village in Veszprém County , Hungary .
The section of the Hunsrück Railway from Boppard to Emmelshausen is the steepest adhesion railway in western Germany .
Pashaly Treti ( also , Pashaly Tret’i , Orta Pashaly , and Pashaly Tretiy ) is a village in the Hajigabul Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Saare ots is a cape belonging to the country of Estonia .
Monteleone di Spoleto ( in Antiquity , the Roman town of Brufa ) , is a town and comune of Italy , in the province of Perugia in southeast Umbria at 978 meters ( 3209 ft ) above sea - level overhanging the upper valley of the Corno River .
Sodo Zuria ( Amharic `` Greater Sodo Area '' ) is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Alnavar ( Kannada : ಅಳ್ನಾವರ)is a panchayat town in Dharwad district in the state of Karnataka , India .
Klingenthal is a town in the Vogtland region , in the Free State of Saxony , south - eastern Germany .
Azna County ( Persian : شهرستان ازنا‎ ) is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran .
Brière Regional Natural Park ( French : Parc naturel régional de Brière ) is a protected area in the Pays de la Loire region of France .
The Qayqayt First Nation is one of the smallest First Nations in Canada and the only one registered without a land base .
Chakramangai or Chakravageswarar Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Siva located in Chakkarapalli , Papanasam taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Nadbišec ( pronounced ( ˈnaːdbiʃəts ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
Fusignano is a comune in the province of Ravenna ( Emilia - Romagna ) in Italy .
Uścianek - Dębianka ( uɕˈt͡ɕanɛk dɛmˈbjaŋka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szulborze Wielkie , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Shire of Barron is a former local government area in Far North Queensland , Queensland , Australia .
Abbas Khel Raghzai ( Urdu : عباس خیل رغزئی‎ ) is a town in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan .
Rudna Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɾuːdna ˈʋaːs ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Radeče in eastern Slovenia .
The Jordan River Dam , officially the Jordan River Diversion Dam , and known locally simply as Diversion Dam , is a dam located in Jordan River , British Columbia , Canada .
Kaiser - Wilhelm - Koog , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany ( Eurofurence 1 ) 1996 - 07 - 18 to 1996 - 07 - 22 :
The Aiguille de l'A Neuve is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif , located on the border between Switzerland and France .
Facinas is a small village in the province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Birmingham Central Mosque is one of the earliest purpose - built mosques in the United Kingdom .
Figueira dos Cavaleiros is a freguesia in Ferreira do Alentejo , Portugal .
Tysta Mari was a famous coffee shop and restaurant in Stockholm , Sweden very popular with artists , intellectuals and journalists .
Father Dueñas Memorial School ( FDMS ) is an all - male Catholic high school located in Mangilao , in the United States territory of Guam .
The Shire of Cranbrook is a local government area in the Great Southern region of Western Australia , about 92 kilometres ( 57 mi ) north of Albany and about 320 kilometres ( 199 mi ) south - southeast of the state capital , Perth .
Karakol ( Kyrgyz : Каракол ) , formerly Przhevalsk , is the fourth largest city in Kyrgyzstan , near the eastern tip of Lake Issyk - Kul in Kyrgyzstan , about 150 kilometres ( 93 mi ) from the Kyrgyzstan - China border and 380 kilometres ( 240 mi ) from the capital Bishkek .
The City of Johannesburg Metropolitan Municipality is a metropolitan municipality that manages the local governance of Johannesburg , South Africa .
Bitama is a village in western Eritrea
O'Shea and Bennett 's Siding was a railway siding on the Walhalla narrow gauge line in Gippsland , Victoria , Australia , named for the local sawmill company of William O'Shea and David Bennett .
The Honorable Society of King 's Inns ( HSKI ) is the institution which controls the entry of barristers - at - law into the justice system of Ireland .
Institution Sainte Jeanne - Antide is a French school for girls , located in Alexandria , Egypt .
He wrote many letters to a number of friends in Germany , which he later used as the basis for Italian Journey .
Monte Agnèr ( 2,872 m ) is a mountain of the Dolomites located near the village of Taibon Agordino in the Belluno , northeast Italy .
Riverstick ( Irish : Abhainn Stíc ) is a village in Ireland lying south of Cork , halfway between Cork and Kinsale , on the Cork to Kinsale road .
Telstra Research Laboratories ( TRL ) was a leading telecommunications research and development centre in Australia up until its closure in January 2006 .
Naqduz ( Persian : نقدوز‎ , also Romanized as Naqdūz ; also known as Nīāz ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Blåmanen is one of the seven mountains that surround the centre of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Pleudaniel ( Breton : Planiel ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Minbya Township ( Burmese : မင်းပြားမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Sittwe District in the Rakhine State of Myanmar .
Malwana is a town of 36,050 ( estimate as of 2011 ) inhabitants in the ( ( Western Province , Sri Lanka
Baldone ( pronunciation ; German : Baldohn ) is a town in Latvia .
Tallman West Falls is a 5 metre high horsetail ribbon waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
Shuisheliao Station ( Chinese : 水社寮車站 ; pinyin : Shuǐshèliáo Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Alishan Forest Railway Line located in Zhuqi Township , Chiayi County , Taiwan .
IMS Engineering College ( IMSEC ) is an engineering and management college located in Ghaziabad , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Karanganyar Regency is located in the south east of Central Java , Indonesia .
The three - year , $ 62 million renovation of the Alte Nationalgalerie was part of a refurbishment of Museum Island and the energetic effort by government and private institutions to re - establish Berlin as Germany 's political and cultural heart .
Sychrov Castle can be found near the village Sychrov in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic .
Hendrik Van Eck Airport ( IATA : PHW , ICAO : FAPH ) is an airport serving Phalaborwa , a town in the Limpopo province of South Africa .
St. Peter - Pagig is a former municipality in the district of Plessur in the Grisons , Switzerland .
Polog ( Macedonian : Полог , Polog ; Albanian : Pollog ) also known as the Polog Valley ( Полошка Котлина , Pološka Kotlina ; Lugina e Pollogut ) , is located in the north - western part of the Republic of Macedonia , near the border with Kosovo .
Guruvayur ( Malayalam : ഗുരുവായൂർ , Sanskrit : गुरुवायुपुरम् , Guruvāyupuram ) , also written as Guruvayoor or Gurupavanapuri , is a municipal town in Thrissur District , of Kerala State in India .
Skrzydłówko ( skʂɨˈdwufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowa Karczma , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Trubchevsk ( Russian : Трубче́вск ) is a town and the administrative center of Trubchevsky District in Bryansk Oblast , Russia , located about 95 kilometers ( 59 mi ) south of the city of Bryansk , the administrative center of the oblast .
Kiveri ( Greek : Κιβέρι ) is a small village in the municipal unit of Lerna , Argolis , Greece .
Stary Bartków ( ˈstarɨ ˈbartkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korczew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The site containing the archaeological remains of Fort Lawrence was designated a National Historic Site of Canada in 1923 .
KV4 is a tomb in the Valley of the Kings ( Egypt ) .
Bittangabee Bay is a tiny , picturesque bay on the rugged and remote stretch of coastline south of Eden in New South Wales , Australia .
Chandukan ( Persian : چندوكان‎ , also Romanized as Chandukān and Chandvakān ; also known as Chandūk ) is a village in Sarbuk Rural District , Sarbuk District , Qasr - e Qand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Vinjeronden is one of the ten mountain in Rondane in Norway over 2,000 metres .
Schwarze Pumpe power station ( German : Kraftwerk Schwarze Pumpe translated : Black Pump Power Station ) is a modern lignite - fired power station in the `` Schwarze Pumpe '' ( Black Pump ) district in Spremberg , Germany consisting of 2 × 800 megawatts ( MW ) units .
Ain Jemaa is a small town and rural commune in Meknès Prefecture of the Fès - Meknès region of Morocco ( formerly in the former Meknès - El Menzeh Prefecture of the former Meknès - Tafilalet region ) .
Aghvorik ( Armenian : Աղվորիկ ; formerly , Yeni - Yël , Yeniyol , and Karanamaz , Azerbaijani : Qaranamaz ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Bettel ( Luxembourgish : Bëttel ) is a village in the commune of Tandel , in north - eastern Luxembourg .
The Hugh John Flemming Bridge is part of Route 130 located near the town of Hartland in Carleton County , New Brunswick , Canada .
Chekmagushevsky District ( Russian : Чекмагу́шевский райо́н ; Bashkir : Саҡмағош районы ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifty - four in the Republic of Bashkortostan , Russia .
Azmeh Miran ( Persian : ازمه ميران‎ , also Romanized as Azmeh Mīrān ; also known as Azmīrān ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Shalom Meir Tower ( Hebrew : מגדל שלום מאיר‎ , Migdal Shalom Meir ; commonly known as Migdal Shalom , Hebrew : מגדל שלום‎ ) is an office tower in Tel Aviv , Israel .
El Uweilia ( Arabic : العويلية‎ ) is a village in Jebel Akhdar mountains foothills region in Libya .
Los Mochis ( Spanish pronunciation : ( loz ˈmotʃis ) ) is a coastal city in northern Sinaloa , Mexico .
The Sungun copper mine is located in East Azarbaijan , Iran , in Varzaqan county , 75 km north west of the provincial town of Ahar .
The Wilson Chambers Building ( French : Immeuble Wilson Chambers ) is a heritage building in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Al - Bassah ( Arabic : البصة‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located south of Latakia .
Sajiran ( Persian : سجيران‎ , also Romanized as Sajīrān ; also known as Sī Jeyrān ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sinosol projects have included a 15 MW solar power plant in Spain , a 1 MW thin film solar plant in France and a 7.4 MW plant in Germany .
Prudentópolis ( Ukrainian:Прудентополіс ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná , in Southern Brazil .
Opernhaus Düsseldorf ( English : Düsseldorf Opera House ) is a theatre in Düsseldorf , Germany .
The Giza pyramid complex ( Arabic : أهرامات الجيزة‎ , IPA : ( ʔɑhɾɑˈmɑːt elˈɡiːzæ ) , `` pyramids of Giza '' ) is an archaeological site on the Giza Plateau , on the outskirts of Cairo , Egypt .
The Vercors Massif is a range in France consisting of rugged plateaux and mountains straddling the départements of Isère and Drôme in the French Prealps .
Shalva ( Hebrew : שַׁלְוָה , lit . Security ) is a moshav shitufi in southern Israel .
Mollégès ( Molegés in Occitan ) is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France .
The building where the Parliament of Cantabria is placed is the old hospital of Saint Rafaael , in the High Street ( old district ) of Santander , Spain .
Diavik Airport ( IATA : DVK , TC LID : CDK2 ) , is a private aerodrome in the Northwest Territories , Canada that serves the Diavik Diamond Mine .
Valderice ( Sicilian : Valdèrici ) is a town and comune in North - Western Sicily , Italy , administratively part of the province of Trapani .
The Achievement Improvement Monitor ( AIM ) program was a testing scheme used to monitor the development of literacy and numeracy skills of school students in Victoria , Australia .
Sharaf ol Din ( Persian : شرف الدين‎ , also Romanized as Sharaf ol Dīn ; also known as Sharaf od Dīn ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Gerdopineh ( Persian : گردپينه‎ , also Romanized as Gerdopīneh and Gerdpīneh ) is a village in Dinaran Rural District , in the Central District of Ardal County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Pech Maho oppidum is located in the town of Sigean , Aude , France .
Upper Seletar Reservoir ( Chinese : 实里达蓄水池上段 ; Malay : Takungan Air Seletar Atas ) is Singapore 's third impounding reservoir , after MacRitchie Reservoir and Peirce Reservoir ( now the Upper Peirce Reservoir and the Lower Peirce Reservoir ) .
Karkas Ab ( Persian : كركس اب‎ , also Romanized as Karkas Āb ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Marzi Darreh ( Persian : مرزيدره‎ , also Romanized as Marzī Darreh ; also known as Mīrzā Darreh ) is a village in Lafur Rural District , Shirgah District , Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Supply Nation ( formerly Australian Indigenous Minority Supplier Council ) is a non - profit organisation that attempts to grow the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander business sector through the promotion of supplier diversity in Australia .
Dujail District is a district in the north - eastern part of Saladin Province , Iraq .
Kiełczówka ( kʲɛu̯ˈt͡ʂufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Moszczenica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Vukanovići ( Cyrillic : Вукановићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Illerup Ådal ( English : Illerup River - valley ) is a river valley and archeological site located near Skanderborg , Denmark .
Sleeping Buddha Hill is located near Shahapur town Shahapur taluk of Yadgir district in Karnataka state , India .
Buôn Trấp is a town and capital of Krông Ana District , Đắk Lắk Province , Vietnam .
Norak District or Nohiya - i Norak ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Норак , Persian : ناحیۀ نارک‎ ) is a district in Khatlon province , Tajikistan .
The Lukasrand Tower is located on Muckleneuk Hill in the Lukasrand suburb of Pretoria , Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality , Gauteng , South Africa .
Kensington is also very densely populated ; it forms part of the most densely populated local government district ( the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea ) in the United Kingdom .
Menderjan ( Persian : مندرجان‎ , also Romanized as Menderjān ) is a village in Kaveh Ahangar Rural District , in the Central District of Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kahel - e Sofla ( Persian : كهل سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kahel - e Soflá ; also known as Kahūl - e Pā'īn ) is a village in Chaharduli Rural District , Keshavarz District , Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Taastrup Teater is a theatre in Taastrup in the western suburbs of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Black Drin , or Black Drim ( Albanian : Drini i Zi : meaning `` the black deer '' ; Macedonian : Црн Дрим : Transliterated : Crn Drim ) is a river in Republic of Macedonia and Albania .
Valderrobres ( Spanish : ( baldeˈroβɾes ) ) or Vall - de - roures ( Catalan : ( ˈbaʎ də ˈrowɾəs ) , locally : ( ˈbaɫ de ˈrɔwɾes ) ) is a municipality and the major town of the comarca of Matarranya ( Spanish : Matarraña ) in the province of Teruel , Aragon ( Spain ) .
Bravo Airlines was an airline based in Madrid , Spain operating long - haul passenger and cargo services between Europe and Africa .
St Blazey ( Cornish : Lanndreth ) is a small town in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The NANTEN2 Observatory is a southern sky observatory in the Atacama Desert of northern Chile .
Falakata is a census town and police station of Alipurduar subdivision in Alipurduar district in the state of West Bengal , India .
Athis - Mons ( French pronunciation : ​(atisˈmɔ̃s ) ) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris , France .
Muğla Province ( Turkish : Muğla ili ) is a province of Turkey , at the country 's south - western corner , on the Aegean Sea .
Casa Central del Banco República is a building , seat of the administration of the Banco de la República Oriental del Uruguay .
Copán is an archaeological site of the Maya civilization located in the Copán Department of western Honduras , not far from the border with Guatemala .
Mala Strmica ( pronounced ( ˈmaːla ˈstəɾmitsa ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
The Grand and General Council ( Italian : Consiglio Grande e Generale ) is the parliament of San Marino .
Nea Palatia ( Greek : Νέα Παλάτια ) is a community in East Attica , Greece .
Buderim is an urban centre on the Sunshine Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Bullas ( Spanish : ( ˈbuʎas ) , locally : ( ˈbuʎæʰ , -ʝæʰ ) ) is a municipality and town in the Region of Murcia , southeast Spain , located 53 km from the provincial capital , Murcia .
Gonje Station ( Hangul : 곤제역 ; hanja : 昆弟驛 ) is a station of the U Line in Geumo - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Karkhaneh - ye Derin ( Persian : كارخانه درين‎ , also Romanized as Kārkhāneh - ye Derīn ) is a village in Kuhpayeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kashan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Brzegi Małe ( ˈbʐɛɡimawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sobków , within Jędrzejów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland
Dubréka is a town in Guinea , lying immediately north of Conakry .
Sheffield City Trust is a registered charity in the United Kingdom that owns and/or manages twelve entertainment and sports venues in Sheffield , England .
Einsteinfjellet is a mountain in Ny - Friesland at Spitsbergen , Svalbard , Norway .
The Compañía General de Tabacos de Filipinas was founded by Antonio López y López in Barcelona , Spain in 1881 with the main objective of cultivating , trading , manufacturing , and taking advantage of tobacco from the Philippines .
Békés Airport is a civilian airport located 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) east of the centre of Békéscsaba in Hungary and is named after the Békés County .
HMV Retail Ltd , formerly HMV Group plc , is a British entertainment retailing company operating in the United Kingdom and Ireland .
The Nelson Provincial Museum , Pupuri Taonga O Te Tai Ao is a regional museum in the city of Nelson , New Zealand .
The Windsor Star is the regional daily newspaper of Windsor , Ontario , Canada .
Mount Banks , a mountain within the Explorers Range of the Blue Mountains Range that is a spur off the Great Dividing Range , is located within the Blue Mountains National Park , approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) west of Sydney in New South Wales , Australia .
H & A Oval ( formerly known as Merrimac Oval ) is a multi - sports venue in Mermaid Waters , a suburb in the Gold Coast , Australia .
Deh Gorji ( Persian : ده گرجي‎ , also Romanized as Deh Gorjī ) is a village in Oshnavieh - ye Jonubi Rural District , Nalus District , Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Spoorijzer N.V. , or shortened SIJ for NV Spoorwegmaterieel en IJzerconstructie , was a narrow gauge railway manufacturer in Delft , Netherlands .
Uru Harbour Airport , or Atoifi Airport , is a private airport located in Atoifi , Malaita , Solomon Islands .
Lake Vozhe , also known as Lake Charondskoye ( Russian : Воже , Чарондское ) , is a lake in the northern part of Vologda Oblast in Russia .
Polmorla is a hamlet just southwest of Wadebridge , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , map reference SW983715 .
Gwangju Health University ( GHU ) is a bachelor 's degree - granting community college located in Gwangju Metropolitan City , South Korea .
Guaraqueçaba Ecological Station is an ecological station in Brazil .
Aracena ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aɾaˈθena ) ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Huelva , south - western Spain .
Park i m Grüene is a public park and a small amusement park in the municipality of Rüschlikon in Switzerland .
The Global Public Health Intelligence Network ( GPHIN ) is an electronic public health early warning system developed by Canada 's Public Health Agency , and is part of the World Health Organization 's ( WHO ) Global Outbreak and Alert Response Network ( GOARN ) .
Homa Hotel Group is a subsidiary of Social Security Organization , which owns a chain of five - star hotels in major cities of Iran .
The Colosseum Kino in Oslo , Norway is the largest cinema in Northern Europe and the largest THX cinema in the world .
Nerići ( Cyrillic : Нерићи ) is a village in the Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Norwegian Police University College ( Norwegian : Politihøgskolen ; PHS ) is a public university college located in Oslo , Kongsvinger , Stavern and Bodø , Norway .
Tøyen Park ( Norwegian : Tøyenparken ) is a park in Oslo , Norway .
Kharpahlu ( Persian : خارپهلو‎ , also Romanized as Khārpahlū ) is a village in Javersiyan Rural District , Qareh Chay District , Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
French Bar Canyon is a canyon on the Fraser River in British Columbia , Canada , near Big Bar and Jesmond , about 60 km upstream from Lillooet .
Princess Bay is one of the southern beaches of Wellington , New Zealand .
The geothermal area Krýsuvík is situated on the Reykjanes peninsula in Iceland .
Grantley Adams International Airport ( GAIA ) ( IATA : BGI , ICAO : TBPB ) is the international airport of Barbados , located in Seawell , Christ Church .
Lake Asveja or Dubingiai Lake ( Lithuanian : Asveja or Dubingių ežeras ) is the longest lake in Lithuania ( length : 21.9 km or 29.7 km counting the Žalktynė , Vyriogala and Dubingiai bights ) .
The Sankenbach Waterfalls ( German : Sankenbach - Wasserfälle ) are a cascade southwest of the village of Baiersbronn in the Black Forest in Germany .
Šķēde parish ( Latvian : Šķēdes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Saldus Municipality , Latvia .
Monjas River ( `` Rio Monjas '' ; translation : Nun River ) is located in Pichincha Province , Ecuador .
Mount Geraneia ( Greek : Γεράνεια ) is a mountain range in Corinthia and West Attica , Greece .
Zarzysko ( zaˈʐɨskɔ ) ( German : Grüttenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Credit Valley Hospital Bus Terminal is located in western Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Koitaki is a village along the Kokoda Track in Papua New Guinea to the east of Port Moresby .
Pożdżenice ( pɔʐd͡ʐɛˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zelów , within Bełchatów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hsinchu CKS Baseball Stadium ( Hsinchu Chiang Kai - shek Baseball Stadium ) ( Chinese : 新竹市立中正棒球場 ; pinyin : Xīnzhú Shìlì Zhōngzhèng Bàngqiú Chǎng ) is a baseball stadium in Hsinchu City , Taiwan .
Lake Rerewhakaaitu is a small , shallow lake in northern New Zealand , located 30 kilometres to the east of Rotorua .
Al - Qamsiyah ( Arabic : القمصية‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located north of Tartus .
Erkna Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Erkna fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse located in the municipality of Giske , Møre og Romsdal , Norway .
Polynesian Spa is a developed geothermal spa facility in Rotorua , North Island , New Zealand .
Taguig National High School ( Filipino : Mataas na Paaralang Pambansa ng Taguig ) commonly abbreviated as T.N.H.S. is a state - owned secondary high school institution in the Philippines .
El Carmel ( Catalan pronunciation : ( əɫ kərˈmɛɫ ) ) , or simply Carmel , is a neighbourhood in the district of Horta - Guinardó , in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain .
Kholodets ( Ukrainian : Холодець ; Polish : Chołodec , Chołodziec , Hołodki ) is a very small village located 2 - -3 km from the town of Kupel , in the Volochysky Raion in Khmelnytskyi Oblast of Ukraine .
Namhkam Township ( also known as Nanhkan Township ) is a township of Mu Se District in the Shan State of eastern Myanmar .
The Liverpool Art Prize is contemporary art competition open to professional artists based in the Liverpool City Region area of the United Kingdom .
Dibina is a town in north - eastern Ethiopia , located in Administrative Zone 4 of the Afar Region .
Powerscourt Waterfall ( Irish : Eas Chúirt an Phaoraigh ) is a waterfall on the river Dargle near Enniskerry , County Wicklow , in Ireland , located in a valley surrounded by Djouce Mountain and the Great Sugar Loaf .
Presanella is a mountain in the Adamello - Presanella range of the Italian Alps of northern Italy .
The Gruenspan is a music club in Hamburg , Germany .
Kozienice Landscape Park ( Polish : Kozienicki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in east - central Poland , established in 1983 , covering an area of 262.33 square kilometres ( 101.29 sq mi ) .
Radiovce ( Macedonian : Радиовце , Macedonian pronunciation : ( raˈdiɔftsɛ ) ; Albanian : Radovec ) is a village in Brvenica Municipality near the town of Tetovo in the Republic of Macedonia .
Baguida is a canton and city of the suburbs of Lomé , the capital of Togo , and was once itself the capital .
Klintsy ( Russian : Клинцы́ ) is a town in Bryansk Oblast , Russia , located on the Turosna River , 164 kilometers ( 102 mi ) southwest of Bryansk .
Itapevi is located in Southeastern Brazil , in southeastern São Paulo State , approximately halfway between São Paulo city and Sorocaba .
Bodilly is a hamlet in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom , that lends its name to neighbouring farms and settlements .
The Workers ' Party of Korea ( WPK ) is the founding and ruling political party of the Democratic People 's Republic of Korea ( North Korea ) .
Abudwak Airport ( Somali : Caabudwaaq ) , is an airport serving Abudwak , a town in the central Galguduud region of Somalia .
Münster - Handorf Airfield is a former military airfield located in Germany about 5 miles east - northeast of Münster ( Nordrhein - Westfalen ) ; approximately 250 miles west of Berlin .
The State Office for the Protection of the Constitution ( German : Landesbehörde für Verfassungsschutz ; LfV ) is a state - level security agency in Germany .
Hlyboka ( Ukrainian : Глибока ; German and Polish : Hliboka ; Romanian : Adâncata ) is an urban - type settlement in the Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine .
Locmariaquer ( Breton : Lokmaria - Kaer ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in Brittany in north - western France .
The HH Tunnel is a proposed tunnel , actually several tunnels , under Øresund between Helsingborg , Sweden and Helsingør , Denmark .
Nuestra Señora de la Porteria Parish Church ( also Our Lady of the Gate Parish Church ) , commonly known as Daraga Church , is a Roman Catholic Church in the municipality of Daraga , Albay , Philippines under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Legazpi .
Würzburg Hauptbahnhof has a central location in Germany and was always a major hub for rail transport , but after the division of Germany its importance increased again .
Gowhar Kuh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوهركوه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Robinson Crusoe Airfield ( Spanish : Aeródromo Robinson Crusoe , ICAO : SCIR ) is a public use airport located near Isla Robinson Crusoe , Valparaíso , Chile .
Port Grosvenor was a harbour on the Wild Coast in South Africa , near the spot where the Indiaman Grosvenor was wrecked in 1782 .
Palgongsan , also Palgong Mountain , is a mountain in southeastern South Korea , lying on an outlier of the Taebaek range .
Cléry - Saint - André is a commune in the Loiret department in north - central France , near Orleans .
Planet Internet is a defunct Internet service provider ( ISP ) in the Netherlands , Germany and Belgium .
Konnur is a panchayat town in the Belgaum District of Karnataka , India .
Mansonville Airport , ( TC LID : CSK4 ) , is located at Mansonville , Quebec , Canada .
The Andia Range ( Andiako mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Andía in Spanish ) is a mountain range of western Navarre , Spain , part of the Basque Mountains .
Palazzo Molin del Cuoridoro is a 15th - century listed building in the San Marco district of Venice , Italy .
Whiteley Bank , also spelled `` Whitely Bank '' , is a small village or hamlet on the Isle of Wight , United Kingdom .
Skeiðin is a mountain above the village of Sørvágur in the Faroe Islands .
The National Movement for Democracy and Development ( French : Mouvement Nationale pour la Démocratie et le Développement , MNDD ) was a left - wing political party in Benin .
Narrow Gauge Railway Museum in Sochaczew ( Polish : Muzeum Kolei Wąskotorowej w Sochaczewie ) is a 750 mm ( 2 ft 5 1⁄2 in)-gauge heritage railway based at Sochaczew in Poland , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) west of Warsaw .
Moreover , Swissmedic must be notified of all clinical studies conducted in Switzerland .
Cytherean is an adjective meaning pertaining to Cythera ( Greek Κύθηρα , also transliterated Kythera or Kithira ) , a small island now part of Greece , southeast of the Peloponnesus .
Al Kifl ( Arabic : الكفل‎ ; also known as Kifl ) is a town in southeastern Iraq on the Euphrates River , between Najaf and Al Hillah .
Chil Dahanu ( Persian : چيل دهنو‎ , also Romanized as Chīl Dahanū ; also known as Chīlābād ) is a village in Qaleh Rural District , in the Central District of Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Zalina ( Macedonian and Serbian Cyrillic : Залина ) is a mountain peak located along the border of Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia .
Serpelice ( sɛrpɛˈlit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
San Rufo is a village and comune in the province of Salerno , in the Campania region of southern Italy .
Collège Shawinigan is a public Community College located in Shawinigan , Quebec , Canada .
SIF Stadion is a sports venue located in Stavanger , Norway .
The Villa del Trebbio is a Medici villa in Tuscany , Italy .
Fenouillèdes has been part of France since the Treaty of Corbeil of 1258 .
Logbonou ( also spelled Lougbonou ) is a village in central Ivory Coast .
Manas University was founded according to the agreement between governments of Republic of Turkey and Kyrgyz Republic about establishment of Kyrgyz Turkish Manas University in the Kyrgyzstan 's capital city Bishkek , which was signed in Izmir on 30/09/1995 , which was afterward approved by the competent authorities of both countries .
Seoul City Hall is a governmental building for the Seoul Metropolitan Government in South Korea , in charge of the administrative affairs of Seoul .
The Carmelit ( Hebrew : כַּרְמְלִית ) is an underground funicular railway and Subway unit in Haifa , Israel .
Migori is a town and the capital of Migori County , Kenya .
Italyabroad.com is a company founded by Andrea D’Ercole that sells regional foods , wines , beers and spirits from small Italian producers in the United Kingdom .
Veľké Trakany ( Hungarian : Nagytárkány ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
The Jackson Head to Stafford River Important Bird Area is a stretch of coastline on the West Coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Olympic Gymnastics Arena ( Hangul : 올림픽체조경기장 ; hanja : 奧林匹克體操競技場 , also known as Olympic Gymnastics Hall ) is an indoor sports arena , located within the Olympic Park , in Bangi - dong , Songpa - gu , Seoul , South Korea .
The Jesuit Missions of Chiquitos are located in Santa Cruz department in eastern Bolivia .
Chaplynka ( Ukrainian : Чаплинка ) is a town in Kherson Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
The 1980 Dutch Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on August 31 , 1980 at the Circuit Zandvoort in the Netherlands .
Qocalı ( also , Godzhaly and Kodzhahi ) is a village and municipality in the Kurdamir Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Mehedinți Plateau Geopark ( Romanian : Geoparcul Platoul Mehedinți ) is a protected area ( natural park category V IUCN ) situated in Romania , on the administrative territory of counties Gorj ( 5 % ) and Mehedinți ( 95 % ) .
Sipyəreğon ( also , Sipyərəğon , Spyereqon , Sipyəregon , Spiragun , and Syl’yaregon ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Rennsteig Tunnel ( German : Rennsteigtunnel ) is the longest road tunnel in Germany with a length of 7,916 meters ( 4.919 mi ) .
Ziguinchor Airport ( French : Aéroport de Ziguinchor ) ( IATA : ZIG , ICAO : GOGG ) is an airport serving Ziguinchor , the capital of the Ziguinchor Region ( also known as Basse Casamance ) in Senegal .
Mga ( Russian : Мга ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Kirovsky District of Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
Sagara Subdivision is a Subdivision in the Karnataka state of India .
Nanook Dome is a lava dome in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , located just northeast of Mount Edziza in Mount Edziza Provincial Park .
Chachani is the highest of the mountains near the city of Arequipa in southern Peru .
Gol Ali ( Persian : گل عالي‎ , also Romanized as Gol `` Ālī ; also known as Gol``āleh ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Shomali Rural District , Bazargan District , Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 186 , in 38 families .
Šafarsko ( pronounced ( ˈʃaːfaɾskɔ ) ; Hungarian : Ligetfalva ) is a village on the right bank of the Ščavnica River in the Municipality of Razkrižje in eastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
Whitelee Wind Farm is the largest on - shore wind farm in the United Kingdom ( second in Europe to Fântânele - Cogealac , in Romania ) with 215 Siemens and Alstom wind turbines and a total capacity of 539 megawatts ( MW ) .
Amherstburg Freedom Museum , previously known as ' the Black Museum ' is located in Amherstburg , Ontario , Canada .
The Kakanui Range is a range of high hills located inland from Oamaru in the South Island of New Zealand .
Fredelsloh Abbey is a former monastery in Fredelsloh , district Northeim , Germany .
Aspire Academy ( Arabic : أكاديمية أسباير ; transliterated : Akademeyat Aspayar ) is a sports academy based in Qatar , founded in 2004 with the goal to scout and help develop the young male Qatari athletes , whilst also providing them with secondary school education .
Sukhvor - e Namdar - e Mirzapur ( Persian : سوخورنامدارميرزاپور‎ , also Romanized as Sūkhvor - e Nāmdār - e Mīrzāpūr , Sūkhūr - e Nāmdār - e Mīrzāpūr , and Sūkhvor Nāmdār Mīrzāpūr ) is a village in Heydariyeh Rural District , Govar District , Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lech dl Dragon ( Drachensee in German ) is a proglacial lake in the Dolomites of South Tyrol , Italy .
Le Parc Tower is a high - rise building located at the intersection of Avenida Cerviño and Fray Justo Santamaria de Oro in the neighborhood of Palermo in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Tokangawhā / Split Apple Rock is a geological rock formation in The Tasman Bay off the northern coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
Pijanowskie Huby ( pijaˈnɔfskʲɛ ˈxubɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gostyń , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Yowla Galdi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان يولاگلدئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Showt County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vilamoura Old Course is a golf course in Vilamoura , on the Algarve in Southern Portugal .
The Italian Royal Air Force ( Regia Aeronautica Italiana ) was the name of the air force of the Kingdom of Italy .
Mong Pan Township ( Möng Pawn ) is a township of Loilen District in the Shan State of Myanmar .
Gonbar ( Persian : گنبر‎ ; also known as Gonbarf and Gonbarof ) is a village in Gonbar Rural District , in the Central District of Osku County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Behdasht Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بهدشت‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Kushk - e Nar District of Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Château de Langeais is a medieval castle , rebuilt as a château , in Indre - et - Loire , France , built on a promontory created by the small valley of the Roumer River at the opening to the Loire Valley .
Archbishop 's School is a mixed - ability Church of England secondary school on a parkland site on the outskirts of Canterbury , Kent in the United Kingdom .
Colt Island ( Irish : Inis Coilt , meaning `` Colt Island '' ) is the closest and smallest of three low - lying , uninhabited islands off the headland of Skerries , County Dublin in Ireland .
Betnava Mansion ( Slovene : Dvorec Betnava , German : Schloss Windenau ) is a manorhouse located near the city of Maribor in northern Slovenia .
Roncq commune in the Nord department in northern France .
Nordstad is a development area in north - central Luxembourg , and a colloquial term to refer to the combined urban areas in the region .
CKXT - DT was a broadcast television station based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada that broadcast to much of southern and eastern Ontario .
Raciechowice ( rat͡ɕɛxɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in Myślenice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Plougrescant ( Breton : Plougouskant ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Khurram Colony is a neighborhood of Rawalpindi in the Punjab Province of Pakistan .
Darreh Darreh Rezaabad ( Persian : دره دره رضااباد‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Darreh Rez̤āābād ; also known as Darreh Darreh ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Statue of Father Cícero on the Garden 's hill is a monument built in homage to Father Cícero , located in Juazeiro do Norte , Brazil .
Madurai Medical College is a medical school attached to the Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Mehrabpur ( Urdu : محرابپُور‎ ) , ( Sindhi:محرابپور ) , is a city in the Naushahro Firoz District in Sindh province of Pakistan .
The Disability Foundation ( TDF ) is a United Kingdom based non - profit organization .
Rammetshofen is a village located 1 mile south of Oberteuringen in the Bodenseekreis of the federal state of Baden Wuerttemberg in Germany .
Scigliano is a small town and comune located in the hills in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy .
The Athinais Cultural Center ( Greek : Αθηναΐς Πολυχώρος Πολιτισμού ) is a `` multi - purpose '' conference complex in Athens , Greece .
Bytomsko ( bɨˈtɔmskɔ ) is a village and sołectwo in the administrative district of Gmina Żegocina , within Bochnia County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Caracol Falls , or Cascata do Caracol , is a 426-foot ( 130 meter ) waterfall about 4.35 miles ( 7.00 km ) from Canela , Brazil in Caracol State Park ( Parque do Caracol ) .
Curi Cancha Wildlife Refuge is a wildlife refuge in the central part of Costa Rica , which forms part of the Arenal Tilaran Conservation Area and protects cloud forest in the Cordillera de Tilarán near Juntas .
Perevolochna ( Ukrainian : Переволочна ) was a settlement in Kobeljaky Raion ( district ) of Poltava Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine close to Svitlohirske .
Konglungen is a village in Asker municipality , Norway .
Fakovići ( Cyrillic : Факовићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Aryana Institute for Regional Research and Advocacy is a think tank of researchers and activists from Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) and Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Ashbury College is an independent day and boarding school located in Rockcliffe Park , Ottawa , Canada .
Stade Rue de Lenningen is a football stadium in Canach , in south - eastern Luxembourg .
Avramiou is a village in Messenia , southern Greece .
Waggonfabrik Rastatt ( ' Rastatt Coach Factory ' ) was a public limited company ( Aktiengesellschaft or AG ) based in Rastatt in the state of Baden - Württemberg in southwestern Germany .
Menlough ( Irish : Mionlach ) is a village in northeast County Galway in Ireland .
The Monte Moro Pass ( German : Monte Moropass , Italian : Passo del Monte Moro ) is an Alpine pass located on the border between Switzerland and Italy .
Kajut ( Persian : كجوت‎ , also Romanized as Kajūt ; also known as Gachūt and Gajūt ) is a village in Qaleh Darrehsi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Pigüé ( Spanish pronunciation : ( piˈɣwe ) ) is a town in Argentina located in the Pampas , 584 km ( 363 mi ) south - west of Buenos Aires .
Iđoš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Иђош ) is a village in Serbia .
The Letsatsi Solar Park is a 75-megawatt ( MW ) solar photovoltaic power station in Bloemfontein , Free State , South Africa .
Todi Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Todi ; Concattedrale della Santissima Annunziata ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Todi , Umbria , Italy , dedicated to the Annunciation of the Virgin Mary .
Skafidia ( Greek : Σκαφιδιά ) is a village and a community in the municipality of Pyrgos , Elis , Greece .
Hasselhøj is a residential area built in 1984 , located in peaceful surroundings in Hasselager south of Aarhus , Denmark .
Blankenburg ( Harz ) is a town and health resort in the district of Harz , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany , at the north foot of the Harz Mountains , 12 miles ( 19 km ) southwest of Halberstadt .
Hikuai is a small community on the Tairua River towards the base of the Coromandel Peninsula in the North Island of New Zealand .
Salon - de - Provence Air Base ( French : Base aérienne 701 Salon - de - Provence or BA 701 ) ( ICAO : LFMY ) is a base of the French Air Force located 4 km ( 2.5 mi ) south Salon - de - Provence in southern France .
Königsberg ( until 1946 officially : Königsberg in Preußen ) was a city in the monastic state of the Teutonic Knights , the Duchy of Prussia , the Kingdom of Prussia and Germany until 1946 .
Diveyevo ( Russian : Дивеево ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Diveyevsky District of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia .
The Allen Formation is a geological formation in Argentina whose strata date back to the Late Cretaceous ( middle Campanian to early Maastrichtian . Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation .
Swedish county road 229 ( Länsväg 229 ) is a primary county road in Sweden from the Örbyleden / Huddingevägen intersection in Stockholm to the Tyresövägen / Bollmoravägen intersection in Tyresö .
Daraganj is a prominent suburb and a landmark in the city of Allahabad , India .
Wondo Genet ( also transliterated Wendo Genet ) is a resort town in Ethiopia .
Lexeiba or Lexelba is a town and urban commune in the Gorgol valley Region of southern Mauritania .
Stade Jos Haupert is a football stadium in Niederkorn , in southwestern Luxembourg .
Qelich Tappeh ( Persian : قليچ تپه‎ , also Romanized as Qelīch Tappeh ) is a village in Khondab Rural District , in the Central District of Khondab County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Bhangtar is a settlement in the southeast of Bhutan .
Singing Fools was a short - lived non - performing music group established in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada , in November 1982 by musicians Tim Dunlop and Kevin Murphy .
Austin Stack Park is a GAA stadium in Tralee , County Kerry , Ireland .
Atatürk University ( Turkish : Atatürk Üniversitesi ) is a land - grant university established in 1957 in Erzurum , Turkey .
Elibalta ( Persian : الي بالتا‎ , also Romanized as Elībāltā ; also known as `` Alībāltā and Ālībāltā ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 244 , in 48 families .
Sar Nesa ( Persian : سرنسا‎ , also Romanized as Sar Nesā '' and Sar Nasā '' ) is a village in Rud Ab - e Gharbi Rural District , Rud Ab District , Narmashir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Maly Krasnokholmsky Bridge ( Russian : Малый Краснохолмский мост ) is a bridge over the Vodootvodny Canal in Zamoskvorechye District in Moscow , Russia .
Teepee Airport , ( TC LID : CFM6 ) , is in Teepee , Alberta , Canada .
The Municipality of Zagorje ob Savi ( pronounced ( zaˈɡoːɾjɛ ɔp ˈsaːʋi ) ; Slovene : Občina Zagorje ob Savi ) is a municipality in central Slovenia .
Boża Pomoc ( ˈbɔʐa ˈpɔmɔt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Cetinje District ( Montenegrin : Cetinjski srez / Цетињски срез ) was a former district within Montenegro .
Ghatampur ( Gautampur ) is a city and a municipal board in Kanpur Nagar district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Akhurian Reservoir ( Armenian : Ախուրյանի ջրամբար ; Turkish : Arpaçay Barajı ) is a reservoir on Akhurian River between Armenia and Turkey .
Muszaki ( muˈʂaki ) ( German : Muschaken ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Farafangana is a city ( commune urbaine ) on the south - east coast of Madagascar and capital of the Atsimo - Atsinanana region .
Wisła ( ˈviswa ) ( German : Weichsel ) is a town in Cieszyn County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland , with a population of about 11,810 ( 2006 ) , near the border with Czech Republic .
Vermo is the main harness racing track of Finland , opened in 1977 .
Šmarjeta ( pronounced ( ʃmaˈɾjeːta ) ; German : Sankt Margarethen ) is a village in the Municipality of Šmarješke Toplice in southeastern Slovenia .
Vənənd ( Armenian : Թրունյանց Ձոր T'runyants Dzor or Վանանդ Ձոր Vanand Dzor ; also , Venend ) is a village and municipality in the Ordubad Rayon of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
Fort McMurray International Airport ( IATA : YMM , ICAO : CYMM ) is located 7 nautical miles ( 13 km ; 8.1 mi ) southeast of Fort McMurray , Alberta , Canada .
Kirchstetten is a town in district of Sankt Pölten - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Karanodai is a northern suburb of Chennai , India located 7 km north of Redhills on GNT Road connecting Chennai with Andhra Pradesh . The village is bounded on north side by Kosasthalaiyar River , also known as Kortalaiyar , which is one of the three rivers that flow in the Chennai metropolitan area .
The Kiel Week ( German : Kieler Woche ) or Kiel Regatta is an annual sailing event in Kiel , Germany .
Gisselfeld , a former monastery , is Denmark 's fifth - largest estate .
The Shire of East Gippsland is a local government area in Gippsland , Victoria , Australia , located in the eastern part of the state .
Kamaris ( Armenian : Կամարիս ; until 1978 , Gyamrez ) is a town in the Kotayk Province of Armenia .
Arzamas ( Russian : Арзама́с ) is a city in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast , Russia , located on the Tyosha River ( a tributary of the Oka ) , 410 kilometers ( 250 mi ) east of Moscow .
Bucas Grande is an island in the Mindanao region , Philippines .
Nersu ( Persian : نرسو‎ , also Romanized as Nersū ) is a village in Estarabad Rural District , Kamalan District , Aliabad County , Golestan Province , Iran .
El Chiflón del Diablo or The Devil 's Blast ( in reference to the natural draft that flows through the mine ) is a mine located in Lota , Chile .
In Austria , Volksschule solely is used for primary school from Year One to Year Four .
K'anamarka ( Quechua k'ana glowing , K'ana a Peruvian people , marka village , hispanicized spelling Canamarca , also spelled Kanamarca , K'anamarca ) is an archaeological site in Peru .
Bidania - Goiatz ( Spanish : Bidegoyan ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Autonomous Community of Basque Country , in the North of Spain .
Ikom is a Local Government Area of Cross River State , Nigeria .
Ralphs Bay is a body of water in south - east Tasmania , Australia .
Teafuaono or Entrance Island is an islet of Nukufetau , Tuvalu .
Moorooduc railway station is located on Two Bays Road , Mount Eliza , Victoria , Australia .
Vardon ( Hebrew : ורדון‎ ) is a communal village in south - central Israel north of Kiryat Gat and south of Kiryat Malakhi .
Mutoshi Mine is a copper mine in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Sucha Kamienica ( ˈsuxa kamjɛˈnit͡sa ) ( German Dürr - Kamitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głuchołazy , within Nysa County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Outapi , also known as Uutapi and Ombalantu , is a town in northern Namibia near the border with Angola situated 90 km ( 56 mi ) northwest of Oshakati .
Vredefort is a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa with cattle , peanuts , sorghum , sunflowers and maize being farmed .
The John Felice Rome Center is a campus of Loyola University Chicago in Rome , Italy .
Okemesi - Ekiti is a major town in Ekiti West LGA of Ekiti State , Nigeria .
Ujsoły ( ui̯ˈsɔwɨ ) is a village in Żywiec County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Bergen Technical Museum ( Norwegian : Bergens Tekniske Museum ) is a technical museum located at Møhlenpris in Bergen , Norway .
Bagh - e Nil ( Persian : باغ نيل‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Nīl ; also known as Baganīl ) is a village in Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem Rural District , Jolgeh - ye Chah Hashem District , Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Holmebåen is a point on the tiny island of Steinsøy in an archipelago of small islands northwest of the Utvær islands in the municipality of Solund in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Punta Penna Lighthouse ( Italian : Faro di Punta Penna ) is an active lighthouse in Vasto , Italy .
Chembuthara is a small picturesque village in Kerala , India , known for its Makarachowa festival .
The Ngim River ( Thai : น้ำงิม ) is a river in Thailand .
Makry Gialos ( Greek : Μακρύ Γιαλός ) is a former municipality in Lasithi , Crete , Greece , with a population 4,204 in 2001 .
Bosei Sports High School ( Danish : Idrætshøjskolen Bosei ) is a folk high school ( non - degree granting educational institution for adults ) in Præstø , Denmark , in the campus of the former Tokai University Boarding School in Denmark , a Japanese boarding school .
Ambilobe Airport ( IATA : AMB , ICAO : FMNE ) is an airport serving Ambilobe , a city in the Antsiranana province in Madagascar .
Talkhari - ye Dam - e Deligerdu ( Persian : تل خاري دم دلي گردو‎ , also Romanized as Talkhārī - ye Dam - e Delīgerdū ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Guglionesi ( local dialect : Ujuniše or Uiniše , pronounced ( ujənˈiʒə ) or ( wiənˈiʒə ) ) is a town and comune in Molise , southern Italy , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) from Campobasso .
Katokopia ( Greek : Kατωκοπιά ( locally ( katokoˈpca ) ) ; Turkish : Zümrütköy ) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , 7 km east of Morphou .
Rouko is a town in the Rouko Department of Bam Province in northern - central Burkina Faso .
Almur ( Persian : المور‎ , also Romanized as Almūr ; also known as Almūd ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Artanish ( Armenian : Արտանիշ ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Parleza Wielka ( parˈlɛza ˈvjɛlka ) ( German : Groß Parlösen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biskupiec , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Mammari ( Greek : Μάμμαρι ) is a village located in the Nicosia District of Cyprus north of Kokkinotrimithia and partly within the UN Buffer Zone .
Šalka Vas ( pronounced ( ˈʃaːu̯ka ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Šalka vas , German : Schalkendorf ) is a settlement immediately northeast of the town of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Chitinamit ( or Chitinamit - Chujuyup ) is an archeological site of the Maya civilization in the highlands of Guatemala .
Studenec na Blokah ( pronounced ( stuˈdɛːnəts na ˈbloːkax ) ) is a small village east of Nova Vas in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
As per 2011 Census of India Kurpania had a population of 7,789 , of which 3,993 were males and 3,796 females .
Yamagata City Athletic Stadium is an athletic stadium located in the city of Yamagata , Yamagata Prefecture Japan .
The Cork County Board of the Gaelic Athletic Association ( GAA ) ( Irish : Cumann Luthchleas Gael Coiste Contae Chorcaí ) or Cork GAA is one of the 32 county boards of the GAA in Ireland , and is responsible for Gaelic games in County Cork and the Cork inter - county teams .
Kallakoopah Creek is a river running through the southern part of the Simpson Desert in Australia .
Barony Rosendal ( Baroniet Rosendal ) is a historic estate and manor house situated in Kvinnherad in Hordaland county , Norway .
Saltsjöbanan is an electrified suburban rail system between Stockholm and Saltsjöbaden in Nacka , Sweden .
Łopienica ( wɔpjɛˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będzino , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Independent Native Voice , also known as Native Voice , was a short - lived political party in Manitoba , Canada .
The Rondevlei Nature Reserve is located in Grassy Park , Zeekoevlei and Lavenderhill , suburbs of Cape Town , South Africa .
The Legges Tor is the summit of the Ben Lomond mountain range in northeast Tasmania , Australia .
Bayanoun ( Arabic : بيانون‎ ) is a town in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located northwest of Aleppo .
Tohen ( Somali : Tooxin , Arabic : طوهآن‎ ) is a village in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia .
Tarcento ( Friulian : Tarcint ) is a town and comune ( municipality ) in the province of Udine , in the Friuli - Venezia Giulia region of north - eastern Italy .
Mashaldar ( Persian : مشعلدار‎ , also Romanized as Mash``aldār ) is a village in Pir Yusefian Rural District , in the Central District of Alborz County , Qazvin Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 3,155 , in 702 families .
Uchqoʻrgʻon ( Russian : Учкурган , Uchkurgan ) is a city and seat of Uchqoʻrgʻon District in Namangan Province in eastern Uzbekistan .
Żelisławie ( ʐɛliˈswavjɛ ) ( German : Ravensberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
CJPE - FM , to be nicknamed 99.3 County FM , is a new English - language community radio station which will broadcast at 99.3 MHz / FM in Picton , located in Prince Edward County , Ontario , Canada .
The Berza River is a small tributary of the Danube in Călăraşi County , Romania .
Le Haut - Soultzbach is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department of northeastern France .
Cvetovac ( Serbian : Цветовац ) is a village situated in Lazarevac municipality in Serbia .
Skútustaðahreppur is a rural municipality located in East Iceland , in Northeastern Region .
Al - Ahram Canadian University ( ACU ; Arabic : جامعة الاهرام الكندية‎ ) is a private university in 6th of October City , Egypt .
Shahraki Fayzobod ( Persian : فیض‌آباد‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Åheden is an ancient agricultural society , with about 55 people living ( December 2008 ) 25 km south of Umeå , in northern Sweden near the Arctic circle , between localities Sörmjöle and Norrmjöle .
Waikino is a small town situated in the North Island of New Zealand nestled in the Southern end of a gorge alongside the Ohinemuri River , between Waihi and the Karangahake Gorge .
Nor Malatia ( also , Nor Malat’ia and Malatiya ) is a town in the Yerevan Province of Armenia .
Zboriv ( Ukrainian : Зборів , Polish : Zborów , Russian : Зборов ) is a town in Ternopil Oblast , west Ukraine .
Willowbank Wildlife Reserve is a wildlife park and nature reserve in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Science Centre , Surat is a multi - facility complex in Surat , Gujarat , India built by the Surat Municipal Corporation in 2009 , the first of its type in western India .
Dätgen is a small village in the district of Rendsburg - Eckernförde , located in the center of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Roshchino International Airport ( IATA : TJM , ICAO : USTR ) is an airport in Tyumen Oblast , Russia located 13 km west of the city of Tyumen .
Akademia Lospuma Training Institute is a higher education institution originally located in Jaworzno , Poland .
Pematang Gadung is a village in the sub - district of Matan Hilir Selatan , Ketapang District , West Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Dhodial Pheasantry ( or Dhodial Pheasant Center ) is a pheasantry and breeding center for several species of pheasants situated in Mansehra District , Pakistan .
The UK Centre for Legal Education ( UKCLE ) is an organisation in the United Kingdom which aims to promote the development of learning and teaching in legal education in both academic and vocational settings .
Stowięcino ( stɔvjɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Stojentin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Boelenslaan ( West Frisian : Boelensloane ) is a small town in Achtkarspelen municipality in Friesland province in the northern Netherlands .
Kasteln Castle ( German : Schloss Kasteln ) is a castle in the municipality of Oberflachs in Canton Aargau , Switzerland .
Rozdzielna ( rɔzˈd͡ʑelna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dmosin , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Alangon is a village in the Bago Region of north - west Myanmar .
Relitahallen is an indoor bandy venue in Uppsala , Sweden , opened on 11 September 2011 with the game IK Sirius--
Meck Island ( Marshallese : Meik , ( mʲei͡ɯk ) ) is part of the Kwajalein Atoll in the Ralik Chain in the Republic of the Marshall Islands , 2,100 nautical miles ( 3,900 km ) southwest of Honolulu , Hawaii .
The Shanghai International Circuit ( simplified Chinese : 上海国际赛车场 ; traditional Chinese : 上海國際賽車場 ; pinyin : Shànghǎi Guójì Sàichēchǎng ) is a motorsport race track , situated in the Jiading , Shanghai , People 's Republic of China .
Hulftsdorp ( also written , incorrectly as Hultsdorf ) is a suburb in Colombo , Sri Lanka .
Pelince ( Macedonian : Пелинце ) is a village in the Republic of Macedonia near Kumanovo and the border between the Republic of Macedonia and Serbia .
Akalla Gårds Bollplan or simply Akalla BP is a football stadium in Akalla , Stockholm , Sweden and the home stadium for the football team Akropolis IF .
Salekhard Airport ( IATA : SLY , ICAO : USDD ) is an airport in Tyumen Oblast , Russia located 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) north of Salekhard .
Kamid al lawz ( or Kamid el - Loz ) is located in West Bekaa , Lebanon .
The Bombay Rock was a rock music venue located in Sydney Road , Brunswick , Victoria , Australia , which ran from 1977 to 1991 when it was destroyed by fire .
Nuestra Señora de la Soterraña ( Spanish for Our Lady of Soterraña ) is a Gothic church and monastery located at Santa María la Real de Nieva , Province of Segovia , Spain .
Narvskaya ( Russian : На́рвская ) is a subway station in Saint Petersburg , Russia on the Kirovsko - Vyborgskaya Line between the stations Baltiyskaya and Kirovsky Zavod .
Royal Brompton Hospital is the largest specialist heart and lung centre in the United Kingdom ( UK ) .
El Kef ( Tunisian Arabic : الكاف‎ il - kāf ) , also known as Le Kef , is a city in north western Tunisia and the capital of the Kef Governorate .
The Treasure of Eberswalde , the largest pre - Christian gold treasure from the area of today 's Germany was found here .
Rehovot Railway Station ( Hebrew : תחנת הרכבת רחובות‎ , Taḥanat HaRakevet Rehovot ) is an Israel Railways passenger station located in the city of Rehovot .
Tân Mỹ Base ( also known as Col Co , Tân Mỹ Docks , Tân Mỹ Naval Support Activity or Eagle Beach ) is a former U.S. Marine Corps , U.S. Navy , U.S. Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base northeast of Huế in central Vietnam .
The Elișeva River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania .
The Suldenbach ( Italian : Rio Solda ) is a stream located in South Tyrol , Italy .
Russelva is a settlement in Kvalsund , Norway , located at the mouth of Russelva .
Tupaghach ( Persian : توپاغاچ‎ , also Romanized as Tūpāghāch ; also known as Tūpāghāj and Tūp Āqāj ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Karpathos Island National Airport ( IATA : AOK , ICAO : LGKP ) is an airport in Karpathos , Greece .
Istočni Drvar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Источни Дрвар ) is a municipality in western Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Fatsa is a town and a district of Ordu Province in the central Black Sea region of Turkey .
Puntland ( Somali : Buntlaand , Arabic : أرض البنط‎ ) , officially the Puntland State of Somalia ( Somali : Dowlad Goboleedka Buntlaand ee Soomaaliya , Arabic : بونتلاند دولة الصومال‎ ) , is a region in northeastern Somalia , centred on Garoowe in the Nugal province .
Mirzəcamallı ( also , Mirzacamallı and Mirzadzhamally ) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
It is possible to access Pohutu Geyser via the New Zealand Māori Arts and Crafts Institute .
Satkosia Tiger Reserve is a tiger reserve located in the Angul district of Odisha , India covering an area of 988.30 km² .
Obikporo is a cultural Igbo village in Onitsha , Anambra State , Nigeria .
Oulanka National Park ( Finnish : Oulangan kansallispuisto ) is a national park in the Northern Ostrobothnia and Lapland regions of Finland , covering 270 square kilometres ( 104 sq mi ) .
Canadian Military Colleges ( CMC ) was a group of military academies in Canada .
Thankmarsfelde was a former Benedictine monastery in the Harz Mountains of Germany , south of Ballenstedt .
Stręgiel ( ˈstrɛnɡʲɛl ) ( German : Groß Strengeln ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Belmonte Calabro , known simply as Belmonte prior to the proclamation of the Kingdom of Italy , is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza , in Calabria ( Southern Italy ) .
Chamrousse is a ski resort in southeastern France , in the Belledonne Mountain Range near Grenoble in the Isère department .
The Chamacoco people ( Ishír ) are an indigenous people of Paraguay .
Trondenes is a parish and a former municipality in Troms county in Norway .
EuroJet Turbo GmbH is a multi - national consortium , the partner companies of which are Rolls Royce of the United Kingdom , Avio of Italy , ITP of Spain and MTU Aero Engines of Germany .
The Kunsthistorisches Museum ( English : `` Museum of Art History '' , also often referred to as the `` Museum of Fine Arts '' ) is an art museum in Vienna , Austria .
Septfontaines ( Luxembourgish : Simmer , German : Simmern ) is a commune and small town in western Luxembourg .
The Wimbledon Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges , located on the southern end of Gribbell Island , British Columbia , Canada .
Tabaseyn - e Pain ( Persian : طبسين پائين‎ , also Romanized as Ţabaseyn - e Pā’īn ; also known as Ţabaseyn - e Soflá , Ţabasān , Ţabaseyn , Ţabasīn , and Tabbasein ) is a village in Bandan Rural District , in the Central District of Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Philippine Institute of Sports Football and Athletics Stadium , formerly known as the ULTRA Stadium ( University of Life Training and Recreational Arena ) , is a stadium located inside the PhilSports Complex in Pasig , Philippines .
The Hermitage of El Rocío ( Spanish : Ermita del Rocío or Ermita de El Rocío ) is a hermitage at El Rocío in the countryside of Almonte , Province of Huelva , Andalusia , Spain .
Berrygil Creek is a creek in north west New South Wales , Australia .
The Canadian Bar Association represents over 37,000 lawyers , judges , notaries , law teachers , and law students from across Canada .
The Oppidum of Manching ( German : Oppidum von Manching ) was a large Celtic proto - urban or city - like settlement at modern - day Manching , near Ingolstadt , in Bavaria , Germany .
Bankovac ( Serbian : Банковац ) is a village in Serbia situated in the municipality of Aleksinac , in the Nišava District .
Hansaka is the first village located on Rewari - Delhi road in the Rewari district of Haryana , India , approximately 6 kilometres ( 3.7 mi ) from the city of Rewari .
Szczepanowice ( German : Sczepanowitz , Stefansfeld ; since 1936 , Stefanshöh ) is a district of Opole , Poland .
Reyhanluy - e Vosta ( Persian : ريحانلوي وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Reyḩānlūy - e Vosţá ; also known as Reyḩānlū - ye Vasaţ and Reyḩanlū - ye Vosţá ) is a village in Chaldoran - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Chaldoran County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Požetva ( Cyrillic : Пожетва ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Santa Maria del Parto a Mergellina ( Holy Mary of Childbirth in Mergellina ) is a church located in the quartiere of Chiaia in Naples , Italy .
Sularp Brook ( 55 ° 42′49.3``N 13 ° 19′31.8''E ) , near Fågelsång , Skåne , Sweden , is the location of the Global Boundary Stratotype Section and Point ( GSSP ) which marks the boundary between the Middle and Late epochs of the Ordovician period on the geologic time scale .
Basouna is a small countryside village in Saharsa district of Bihar , India about this village .
Pazhanchira Devi Temple ( Malayalam : പഴഞ്ചിറ ദേവി ക്ഷേത്രം ) is a Hindu temple situated between Ambalathara , Thiruvananthapuram and Paravankunnu , Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala , India .
Stobrawa Landscape Park ( Stobrawski Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in south - western Poland , established in 1999 , covering an area of 526 square kilometres ( 203 sq mi ) in the region of the Stobrawa river .
Kudhës is a village on the Albanian Riviera , Vlorë County , Albania .
The Haldane Society of Socialist Lawyers is a socialist and legal campaigning organisation in the United Kingdom .
Orzeszki ( ɔˈʐɛʂki ) ( German : Zielonygrund , 1938 - 45:Schützengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Bushwalkers Wilderness Rescue Squad ( B.W.R.S. ) is a remote area search and rescue service in New South Wales , Australia .
Medellín ( Spanish pronunciation : ( meðeˈʝin ) ) , officially the Municipality of Medellín ( Spanish : Municipio de Medellín ) , is the second - largest city in Colombia and the capital of the department of Antioquia .
Dzierzno ( ˈd͡ʑeʐnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Jevenjan ( Persian : جونجان‎ , also Romanized as Jevenjān ) is a village in Kenareh Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chandrakasem Rajabhat University is a tertiary educational institution in the north of Bangkok , Thailand .
The Makarewa River is the largest tributary of the Oreti River , and is in Southland , New Zealand .
Björkskatan , often called Björx , is a residential area in Luleå , Sweden .
Doueir ( Arabic : دوير , al - Dwayr ) , or Dweir , is a village of 7,500 inhabitants in Southern Lebanon near Nabatieh , and north of the Litani River .
St. Ansgar 's Church is a parish church of the Roman Catholic Church in Kristiansand , Norway .
The cliff face at Trimingham has the youngest chalk in the United Kingdom and it is possible to collect shells , bivalves , crinoids and oysters from here .
Oliver Plunkett Street ( Sráid Olibhéir Pluincéid in Irish ) , is the second most important shopping street in Cork , Ireland after St. Patrick 's Street .
Taohuatan Zhen literally `` Pool of Peach Blossoms '' , is a town in Xuancheng , Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China .
Barisal Airport ( IATA : BZL , ICAO : VGBR ) is a domestic airport located in the southern city of Barisal in Bangladesh .
Odin Teatret is a theatre troop based in Holstebro , Denmark .
Kolonia Siemiątkowska ( kɔˈlɔɲa ɕemjɔntˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiątkowo , within Żuromin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jarlsberg Travbane is a harness racing track located in Tønsberg , Norway .
Společnost s ručením omezeným is the Czech Republic legal structure for a private limited company .
FC Spartak Sofia ( Bulgarian : ФК Спартак София ) was a Bulgarian football club based in Sofia , Bulgaria .
The Atlin Volcanic Field , also called the Llangorse Volcanic Field and the Surprise Lake Volcanic Field , is a group of late - Pleistocene to Holocene cinder cones that lies on the Teslin Plateau east of Atlin Lake , Canada .
Pothy is a small town near Thalayolaparambu , Kottayam district in Kerala , India .
Shelly Bay is a bay on the Miramar Peninsula of Wellington , New Zealand .
Glennies Creek Dam is a minor ungated concrete faced curved earth and rockfill embankment dam with an uncontrolled rock cut spillway across the Glennies Creek , upstream of Singleton , in the Hunter region of New South Wales , Australia .
Boriziny ( French : Port - Bergé ) is a city ( commune urbaine ) in western Madagascar in Sofia Region .
Bunnawarra or Bunnawarra Station is a pastoral lease operating as a sheep station in Western Australia .
Diklosmta or simply Diklo ( Georgian : დიკლოსმთა ) is a peak in the eastern part of the Caucasus Mountains in between border of the Russian Republics of Chechnya and Dagestan and the Tusheti region of Georgia .
The Rayoso Formation is a geological formation in the Neuquén Province of Argentina whose strata date back to the Aptian stage of the Early Cretaceous .
The Gyeongju nuclear waste disposal facility is of silo - type design involving disposal at depth meant to safely house dangerous radioactive waste at Gyeongju in South Korea .
The Katoomba Falls is a segmented waterfall that is located close to Echo Point near Katoomba on the Kedumba River descending into the Jamison Valley located within the Blue Mountains National Park in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
Ghowchak ( Pashto : غوچک Ghowchak ) is a village in Surkh - Rod District in Nangarhar province in Afghanistan , 20 km east of Jalalabad city near the Jwe Haft .
The Workplace ( Health , Safety and Welfare ) Regulations 1992 is a United Kingdom Statutory Instrument that stipulates general requirements on accommodation standards for nearly all workplaces .
Rote Ndao Regency is a regency in East Nusa Tenggara province of Indonesia , consisting primarily of the island of Rote , situated south - west of the western tip of West Timor .
Strelna River ( Russian : Стрельна ) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
Buseto Palizzolo ( Sicilian : Palazzolu ) is a town and comune in North - Western Sicily , Italy , administratively part of the province of Trapani .
As of 2011 India census Mehkar had a population of 45,245 aless constitute 51.64 % of the population and females 78.36 % .
Narrabri Airport ( IATA : NAA , ICAO : YNBR ) is an airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) northeast of Narrabri , New South Wales , Australia .
The Liberation Monument is a monument in Pyongyang , North Korea .
John Paul II High School in Tarnów ( ( pl ) IV Liceum Ogólnokształcące i m . Jana Pawła II w Tarnowie ) is a high school in Tarnów , Poland .
Ševarice ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шеварице ) is a village in Serbia .
The Poiana Ruscă Mountains ( part of the Western Carpathians ) are a Carpathian mountain range in western Romania .
Premier Stateliner is South Australia 's largest long national distance coach operator running services from Adelaide across the state .
The Edoardo Chiossone Museum of Oriental Art in Genoa is an important collection of Asian art , one of the most significative collections in Europe and in Italy , along with the museums of Venice and Rome .
Kilkis ( Greek : Κιλκίς , Bulgarian : Кукуш ) is an industrial city in Central Macedonia , Greece .
The Koala Park Sanctuary , now known colloquially as ' Australia 's saddest zoo ' is privately owned and run wildlife park located at West Pennant Hills in Sydney Australia .
Bardiya District ( Nepali : बर्दिया जिल्ला Listen ) , one of the seventy - five Districts of Nepal , is part of Bheri Zone and is headquartered at the city of Gulariya .
Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile ( SQM ) is a Chilean chemical company and a supplier of plant nutrients , Iodine , Lithium and industrial chemicals .
Seine - Maritime ( French pronunciation : ​(sɛn.ma.ʁi.tim ) ) is a department of France in the Normandy region of northern France .
Amba Alagi is a mountain , or an amba , in northern Ethiopia .
Batticaloa Lighthouse , is a lighthouse in Sri Lanka , situated near the estuary in Palameenmadu , was built in 1913 and is 28 meters high .
Nai Gaj Dam is an embankment dam currently under construction on the Gaj River in the gorge area at the edge of Kirthar Mountains range at about 65 km ( 40 miles ) north - west of Dadu city in Dadu District , Sindh Province of Pakistan .
The Municipality of Brežice ( Slovene : Občina Brežice ) is a municipality in eastern Slovenia in the Lower Sava Valley , near the Croatian border .
The Ossolan Union for Autonomy ( Unione Ossolana per l'Autonomia , UOPA ) was a regionalist political party active in Ossola , a valley region of Piedmont , Italy .
Wickford became the birthplace of Naturism in the United Kingdom .
The Kalambo Falls on the Kalambo River is a 772 ft ( 235 m ) single drop waterfall on the border of Zambia and Tanzania at the southeast end of Lake Tanganyika .
Damot Gale is one of the woredas ( districts ) in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Campichuelo is a village and rural municipality in Salta Province in northwestern Argentina .
Ulundi Airport ( IATA : ULD , ICAO : FAUL ) is an airport serving the towns of Ulundi , Nongoma and Melmoth in the Zululand Municipal District of KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Arrivillaga are two blocks with about 25 houses located 800 metres west of Juan Lacaze of Colonia Department , Uruguay .
Mierzanowo ( mjɛʐaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Alucheh Qeshlaq ( Persian : الوچه قشلاق‎ , also Romanized as Ālūcheh Qeshlāq ; also known as Alcheh Gheshlagh , Ālcheh Qeshlāq , Kyshlag , Qeshlāq , Qeshlāq Ālūcheh , and Qishlāq ) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Mazraeh - ye Hajji Abdollah ( Persian : مزرعه حاجي عبداله‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩājjī `` Abdollah ) is a village in Khvormiz Rural District , in the Central District of Mehriz County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 109 , in 36 families .
The Monheim Town Hall ( German Monheimer Rathaus ) is a historical building in Monheim , Bavaria , southern Germany , now owned by the city 's council .
Bistrița ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈbistrit͡sa ) ; German : Bistritz , archaic Nösen ; Hungarian : Beszterce ) is the capital city of Bistriţa - Năsăud County , in northern Transylvania , Romania .
Sant'Apollonia was a former Benedictine convent , founded in 1339 , with some of the remaining structures demarcated on three sides by via Ventisette Aprile , via Santa Reparata , and Via San Gallo , located about a block west of Piazza San Marco , just north of the city center of Florence , region of Tuscany , Italy .
The Calenberg is a hill in central Germany in the Leine depression near Pattensen in the municipality of Schulenburg .
The Mornington Peninsula is a peninsula located south - east of Melbourne , Australia .
Royal Free London NHS Foundation Trust ( formerly Royal Free Hampstead NHS Trust ) is an NHS foundation trust based in London , United Kingdom .
The Western Area Urban District is one of the 14 Districts of Sierra Leone .
The Magai is a small river of Eastern Uttar Pradesh , India .
Goruk Kandi ( Persian : گروك كندي‎ , also Romanized as Gorūk Kandī ; also known as Jahāngīrābād ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Govşatlı ( also , Govshatlu , Govshatly , and Qovşatlı ) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Ryvangen or Ryvangskvarteret ( English : The Ryvang neighbourhood ) is a neighbourhood of single - family detached homes in the northern part of Østerbro , on the border with Hellerup , in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Morgan 's Grant ( pop . 8,000 ) is a suburban neighbourhood located in Kanata , Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
The Khewra Salt Mine ( or Mayo Salt Mine ) is located in Khewra , north of Pind Dadan Khan , an administrative subdivision of Jhelum District , Punjab Region , Pakistan , which rises from the Indo - Gangetic Plain .
Claye - Souilly ( pronounced : ( klaj.su.ji ) ) is a commune in the Seine - et - Marne department in the Île - de - France region in north - central France .
Cox 's Bazar Government High School is a high school in Cox 's Bazar district in Bangladesh .
The Alpine Rhine begins in the most western part of the Swiss canton of Graubünden , and later forms the border between Switzerland to the West and Liechtenstein and later Austria to the East .
Dhobaghat -- also called Udayapurkot -- is a village and Village Development Committee in Pyuthan , a Middle Hills district of Rapti Zone , western Nepal .
In the following year , governments of Turkish Republic and Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus mutually agreed on opening a university called `` Eastern Mediterranean University '' .
Couya is a rural settlement in the Arcahaie municipality of the Arcahaie , in the Ouest Department of Haiti .
Monfalcone ( moɱfalˈkoːne ) ( in the local Bisiac dialect : Mofalcòn , Slovene : Tržič , German : Falkenberg ) is a town and comune of the province of Gorizia ( Friuli - Venezia Giulia , northern Italy ) , located on the coast of the Gulf of Trieste .
Makati Avenue is a major commercial thoroughfare in Makati , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Paul Roos Gymnasium is a government school for boys in the town of Stellenbosch , Western Cape , South Africa , founded in 1866 as Stellenbosch Gymnasium .
Noisy - le - Grand ( pronounced : ( nwa.zi.lə.ɡʁɑ̃ ) ) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris , France .
Huéscar ( Latin : Osca ) is a municipality of the province of Granada , Spain .
Bari Karol Wojtyła Airport ( Italian : Aeroporto di Bari - Karol Wojtyła ) ( IATA : BRI , ICAO : LIBD ) is an airport serving the city of Bari in Italy .
Fabci ( pronounced ( ˈfaːptsi ) ) is a small settlement in the hills southeast of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia , close to the border with Croatia .
Naham ( Hebrew : נַחַם ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Hahn Brewery was established by Dr Charles `` Chuck '' Hahn in 1988 at an old factory site in the suburb of Camperdown in Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Sang Tash ( Persian : سنگتاش‎ , also Romanized as Sang Tāsh ) is a village in Lat Leyl Rural District , Otaqvar District , Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sofiyska Sveta gora Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Софийска Света гора `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It started operation on April 2 , 2015 .
The Conservatorium van Amsterdam ( CvA ) is the largest music academy in the Netherlands , offering programs in classical music , jazz , pop , early music , music education , and opera .
Skydebanehaven ( English . The Shooting Range Gardens ) is a small public park in the heart of the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The National School for Ancient Languages and Cultures `` Constantine - Cyril the Philosopher '' ( Bulgarian : Национална гимназия за древни езици и култури `` Константин Кирил Φилософ '' ) , abbreviated in Bulgarian НГДЕК ( NGDEK ) , is a high school , located in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Puig Castellar ( Balenyà ) is a mountain of Catalonia , Spain .
Pery Square ( Irish : Cearnog an Pheirigh ) is a Georgian Terrace located in the Newtown Pery area of Limerick city , Ireland .
Ata - Zhurt , sometimes Ata - Jurt , ( Kyrgyz : Ата-журт ) , or Fatherland , is a political party in Kyrgyzstan .
Gisborne Boys ' High School is a boys ' secondary school situated in Gisborne , New Zealand that was originally founded as a Co - Ed school in 1909 and was known as Gisborne High School .
Hojjatabad - e Deq ( Persian : حجت اباددق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩojjatābād - e Deq ; also known as Ḩojjatābād - e Robāţ ) is a village in Baghin Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Macaque Cave ( simplified Chinese : 猕猴洞 ; traditional Chinese : 獼猴洞 ; pinyin : Míhóu Dòng ) is a karst cave located on the Macaque Ridge ( 猕猴岭 ) outside Dongfang City , Hainan , People 's Republic of China .
Bjernede Church is a Medieval round church near Sorø in Denmark .
Stockholm East Station ( Swedish : Stockholms östra station ) or Stockholm Ö is a railway station on the Roslag Railway in Stockholm , Sweden .
Khairpur railway station ( Urdu : خیرپور ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) is located in Khairpur city , Khairpur district of Sindh province of the Pakistan .
Dharanikota is a village in Amaravati mandal , Andhra Pradesh , India , in the Guntur district .
The Superior Institute of Religious Sciences of St. Thomas Aquinas is an institution of higher education in Kiev ( Ukraine ) , conducted by the Dominican Friars of the Vicariate General of Russia and Ukraine and , affiliated to the Pontifical University of St. Thomas Aquinas ( Angelicum ) .
Académica do Sal ( Capeverdean Crioulo , also in the Sal Crioulo language , ALUPEC or ALUPEK , Akadémika ) is a football ( soccer ) club that had played in the Premier division and plays in the Sal Island League in Cape Verde .
The Railway Museum of Thessaloniki is a museum in Eleftherio - Kordelio , a municipality of the city of Thessaloniki , Central Macedonia , Greece .
Faculty of Medicine , Diponegoro University ( Indonesian : Fakultas Kedokteran Universitas Diponegoro ) is one of the leading medical schools in Indonesia .
Awqa Punta ( Quechua awqa enemy , opponent , rival ; hostile , local Quechua punta peak ; ridge ; first , before , in front of , hispanicized spelling Auga Punta ) is an archaeological site in Peru located in the Huánuco Region , Huamalíes Province , Jircan District .
Pfäffikon District is one of the twelve districts of the German - speaking canton of Zürich , Switzerland .
Le Louvre des Antiquaires is a historic structure in Paris , France on the Place du Palais - Royal .
Nanzi Station ( Chinese : 楠梓車站 ; pinyin : Nánzǐ Chēzhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Nanzih District , Kaohsiung , Taiwan .
Le Quotidien Jurassien is a Swiss French language regional daily newspaper published in the Jura canton , Switzerland .
The Cajal Institute ( Spanish : Instituto de Neurobiología Ramón y Cajal ) in Madrid is the largest neuroscience research center in Spain .
Parque de la Conferencia is a park in Algeciras , southeastern Spain .
Leningrad Hero City Obelisk ( Russian : Обелиск `` Городу-герою Ленинграду '' ) is a monument in the shape of obelisk located in Vosstaniya Square in Saint Petersburg , Russia , which was known as Leningrad from 1924 to 1991 .
Tarxien ( Maltese : Ħal Tarxien ) is a town in the South Eastern Region of Malta .
Karamjanabad ( Persian : كرم جان اباد‎ , also Romanized as Karamjānābād ) is a village in Doab Rural District , in the Central District of Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Frontier Region Kohat ( often abbreviated as FR Kohat ) is a small administrative unit in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas ( FATA ) of Pakistan .
Dublin Business School ( DBS ) incorporating Portobello College is the largest independent college in Ireland .
Lysbotn Chapel ( Norwegian : Lysbotn kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms county , Norway .
Golchehran ( Persian : گلچهران‎ , also Romanized as Golchehrān ; also known as Kucharān and Kulcharān ) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Andi Koysu ( Russian : Андийское Койсу - Andiyskoye Koysu , Georgian : ანდის ყოისუ - Andis Qoisu ) is a river in Georgia and Dagestan ( Russia ) .
Jelovica ( pronounced ( jɛˈlɔːʋitsa ) ) is a karst plateau in northwestern Slovenia .
Shardin ( Persian : شاردين‎ , also Romanized as Shārdīn ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ramhormoz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Giaginskaya ( Russian : Гиагинская ; Adyghe : Джэджэ ( d͡ʒad͡ʒa ) , Džedže ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) and the administrative center of Giaginsky District of the Republic of Adygea , Russia , located 35 kilometers ( 22 mi ) from Maykop .
Sydney Nursing School is the nursing school of the University of Sydney in Australia .
Dhaperhat Union is a union parishad under Sadullapur Upazila of Gaibandha District , Bangladesh .
Terra Mítica ( Valencian pronunciation : ( ˈtɛra ˈmitika ) ) is a theme park located in Benidorm , Comunitat Valenciana , Spain .
Nangō - Nana - Chōme Station ( 南郷7丁目駅 ) is a Sapporo Municipal Subway station in Shiroishi - ku , Sapporo , Hokkaido , Japan .
The Royal Society of Sciences in Uppsala ( Swedish Kungliga Vetenskaps - Societeten i Uppsala ) , is the oldest of the royal academies in Sweden .
The Cégep de Sherbrooke is a public pre - university college located in the city of Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
Stare Jemielite ( ˈstarɛ jɛmjɛˈlitɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śniadowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Torre de Cali ( `` Cali Tower '' ) is a 46-story skyscraper in downtown Cali , Colombia .
Santimamiñe cave , Kortezubi , Biscay , Basque Country , Spain , is one of the most important archaeological sites of the Basque Country , including a nearly complete sequence from the Middle Paleolithic to the Iron Age .
Udanin ( uˈdanin ) ( German : Gäbersdorf ) is a village in Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Municipality of Križevci ( Slovene : Občina Križevci ) is a municipality in the Prlekija region in eastern Slovenia .
Since 1929 , Acta Apostolicae Sedis carries a supplement in Italian , called Supplemento per le leggi e disposizioni dello Stato della Città del Vaticano , containing laws and regulations of Vatican City , the city - state founded in that year .
Lake Lukomlskoye or Lukoml Lake ( Belarusian : Лукомскае возера or Лукомальскае возера , Russian : Лукомльское озеро ) is a lake in the Chashniki district , Vitsebsk Voblast , of Belarus .
Iquitos District is one of thirteen districts of the Maynas Province in Peru .
The Serer - Noon also called Noon ( sometimes spelt Non or None ) are an ethnic people who occupy western Senegal .
Colcha District is one of nine districts of the province Paruro , Peru .
Toro Muerto ( English : Dead Bull ) is a collection of ancient petroglyphs in the Peruvian coastal desert , found in the Castilla province in the region Arequipa in Peru .
Schrader Range is a mountain range in central Papua New Guinea , at about 5.15 ° S 144.45 ° E. It is a part of the Bismarck Range .
The Shatavar Vatika Herbal Park , Hisar ( Hindi : शतावर वाटिका जड़ी बूटी उद्यान , हिसार , हरयाणा ) , named after Shatavar herb , is a 125-acre herbal park for the preservation of several endangered Ayurvedic medicinal herbs , on Dhansu road in the town of Hisar in the Hisar district of Haryana State , India .
7 October Stadium is a grass football stadium based in center of Tripoli , Libya .
Tembrungharta is a village in the Dang district of Gujarat , India , and is located on the reoad connecting the Dang district headquarters Ahwa and the Saputara hill station .
The Norwegian Christian Student and School Association ( Norwegian : Norges Kristelige Student- og Skoleungdomslag or NKSS ) , is a Christian youth organization in Norway .
Ateliers Varan is an association of filmmakers based in Paris , France , whose primary work is running non - academic hands - on courses in documentary filmmaking both in France and across the world .
Financial Collection Agencies Ltd ( FCA ) was an accounts receivable / collections company that operated in Canada , the United States and Europe from 1979 to 1998 when it was acquired by the NCO Group for $ 68 Million USD .
Kapuvár ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈkɒpuvaːr ) ; German : Kobrunn ) is a small but ancient town of some 11,000 inhabitants in Győr - Moson - Sopron county , Hungary .
Leipzig Hauptbahnhof ( Leipzig main station ) is the central railway terminus in Leipzig , Germany .
Their numbers eventually reached between 15,000 and 20,000 , leading Lucera to be called Lucaera Saracenorum because it represented the last stronghold of Islamic presence in Italy .
Eyjafjörður ( Icelandic pronunciation : ( ˈeːijaˌfjœrðʏr̥ ) , Island Fjord ) is the longest fjord in Iceland .
Koedijk is a village in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Buller High School is a secondary school in the town of Westport , New Zealand .
The Ukrainian People 's Party ( Ukrainian : Українська Народна Партія ; Ukrains'ka Narodna Partiya ) is a political party in Ukraine , registered on Old Year 's Day 1999 as Ukrainian National Movement ( Ukrainian : Український Народний Рух ; Ukrajins'kyi Narodnyj Rukh ) .
Sibandarreh ( Persian : سيبان دره‎ , also Romanized as Sībāndarreh ) is a village in Baraghan Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
The German - Pennsylvanian Association ( German : Deutsch - Pennsylvanischer Arbeitskreis ) is an organization founded in 2003 in the Rheinhessen area of Ober - Olm in Germany , and dedicated to cultural exchange and research involving the Pennsylvania Dutch language and people .
Takapuna Grammar School is a state coeducational secondary school located in the suburb of Belmont on the North Shore of Auckland , New Zealand .
Vieillevie is a commune in the département of ( Cantal ) ) in south - central France .
Dąbrowa Tarnowska ( dɔmˈbrɔva tarˈnɔfska ) is a town in Poland , in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , about 16 kilometres ( 10 mi ) north of Tarnów .
The Bremen Main Post Office Building ( German : Ehemaliges Hauptpostamt ) or ( German : Kaiserliche Oberpostdirektion ) is a Neo - Renaissance building in Bremen , Germany , that used to be the Imperial Post Office for the Bremen area .
Akácfa utca ( Acacia Road ) is located in Erzsébetváros in Budapest , Hungary , between Rákóczi út and Király utca .
The Cheruthoni Dam , located in Idukki District , Kerala , India , is a 138 m tall concrete gravity dam .
The Constitution Committee is a cross - party select committee of the House of Lords , the upper chamber of the Parliament of the United Kingdom .
Selat Pandan ( or Pandan Strait ) is a strait south of Singapore 's main island .
RAF Sylt is a former Royal Air Force station located near Sylt , Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Durame is a town and separate woreda in southeastern Ethiopia .
Lefkoniko ( Greek : Λευκόνοικο ; Turkish : Lefkonuk or Geçitkale ) is a town in the Mesaoria Plain of Cyprus .
Bissandugu ( French : Bissandougou ) is a city in southwestern Guinea .
The Awatere River is a large river flowing through Marlborough , New Zealand .
The Sutherland River , also once known as the Beaver River , is a river in the area of Babine Lake in northeastern British Columbia , Canada .
Ashak Rezvan ( Persian : اشك رضوان‎ , also Romanized as Āshak Rez̤vān ) is a village in Borj - e Akram Rural District , in the Central District of Fahraj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tipperary ( /ˌtɪpəˈrɛəri/ ; Irish : Tiobraid Árann ) is a town and a civil parish in County Tipperary , Ireland .
Vancouver East ( French : Vancouver - Est ) is a federal electoral district in British Columbia , Canada , that has been represented in the House of Commons of Canada since 1935 .
Upper Moutere ( originally called Sarau by its founding German settlers ) is a locality in the Tasman District near Nelson at the top of New Zealand 's South Island .
After the establishment of the People 's Republic of China , Suzhou City was divided from Wu County again in 1949 .
Asht District or Nohiya - i Asht ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Ашт/Persian : ناحیۀ اشت‎ ) is a district in the northernmost tip of Sughd Province , Tajikistan , bordering on Uzbekistan to the north , the east , and the south .
The Dari Ovoo ( Mongolian : Дарь овоо ) , also known as Altan Ovoo ( Mongolian : Алтан овоо , lit . `` golden+ovoo '' ) , is an extinct volcano in the Dariganga district , Sukhbaatar Province in eastern Mongolia .
Vaitape is the largest city of island Bora Bora in French Polynesia .
Nigavan ( Armenian : Նիգավան ; until 1947 , Danagirmaz and Damagermaz ; from 1947 - 1967 , Ovit and Hovit ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
The Shoalhaven Scheme is a dual - purpose water supply and hydro - electric power generation scheme located on the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Mussau Island is the largest island of St. Matthias Islands , Papua New Guinea , at 1 ° 25′01``S 149 ° 37′59''E. It is one of the northernmost islands of Papua New Guinea .
Phowintaung ( Burmese : ဖိုဝင်တောင် ( pʰo wɪ tàʊɴ ) , also spelt as Hpowindaung , Powintaung , Po Win Taung ) is a Buddhist cave complex located approximately 25 kilometers west of Monywa and 10 kilometers southeast of Yinmabin , in Yinmabin Township , Monywa District , Sagaing Region , Northern Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Periya Nagapoondi is a panchayat village located in Tiruvallur district of Tamil Nadu , India .
The English School ( Helsinki ) is a private international school in Helsinki , Finland .
Kermen ( Bulgarian : Кермен ) is a small town in Sliven Municipality in Sliven Province , eastern Bulgaria .
Warzyce ( vaˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
The first known reference to Bregentved is from 1319 when King Eric VI of Denmark passed the estate to Roskilde Abbey .
Ekaterinhof or Catherinehof ( Russian : Екатеринго́ф ) is a historic district in the south - west of St Petersburg , Russia .
The Byblos Fossil Museum ( aka Memory of Time ) is a museum in Byblos , Lebanon .
Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri Airport ( Indonesian : Bandar Udara Syekh Hamzah Fansyuri ) is an airport located in Singkil , Aceh Singkil Regency , Aceh Province , Indonesia .
The Schützenfest ( also known in Brazil as Festa dos Atiradores ) is a traditional festival held annually since 1988 , celebrated in October in Jaraguá do Sul .
Pobratymy ( pɔbraˈtɨmɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grębków , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Hick 's Cayes ( Spanish : Cayos Hicks ) are a group of uninhabited Islands in the South of Chetumal Bay , between St. George 's Caye and Caye Chapel , about halfway between Belize City and San Pedro Town .
Rîșcani ( Romanian pronunciation : ( rɨʃˈkanʲ ) , also spelled Râșcani ; Moldovan Cyrillic : Рышкань ; Russian : Рышканы ) is a city in Moldova , the capital of the Rîșcani District .
Colonia del Sacramento ( Spanish pronunciation : ( koˈlonja ðel sakɾaˈmento ) ; formerly the Portuguese Colónia do Sacramento ) is a city in southwestern Uruguay , by the Río de la Plata , facing Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Porin jäähalli ( or locally known as Isomäki or Isomäen Jäähalli ) is an arena in Pori , Finland .
The St. James the Apostle Parish Church ( Spanish : Iglesia Parroquial de Santiago Apóstol ) commonly known as Betis Church is a Baroque church located in the Betis , Guagua in Pampanga , Philippines under the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of San Fernando .
The Tama Lakes are two crater lakes in New Zealand 's Tongariro National Park .
Oppdal Station ( Norwegian : Oppdal stasjon ) is a railway station located in downtown Oppdal in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Helsinki Institute for Information Technology HIIT ( Finnish : Tietotekniikan tutkimuslaitos HIIT , Swedish : Forskningsinstitutet för informationsteknologi HIIT ) is a joint research unit of two leading research universities in Helsinki , Finland , the University of Helsinki ( UH ) and Aalto University .
Bychawa ( bɨˈxava ) is a town in Poland , in Lublin Voivodeship , in Lublin County , about 25 km south of Lublin .
The Bandian Fire Temple is an archaeological site in Iran .
Dana Air is an airline based in Ikeja , Lagos State , Nigeria and flying domestic services .
Mah - e Firuzan ( Persian : ماه فيروزان‎ , also Romanized as Māh - e Fīrūzān ; also known as Fīrūzān and Māh Parvīzān ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Netu'a ( Hebrew : נְטוּעָה , lit . Planted ) is an moshav in northern Israel .
Kilsəbuqov ( also , Kilsəbugov , Kil’syabugov , and Kilisabugov ) is a village in the Balakan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bestwina ( bɛstˈfʲina ) is a village in Bielsko County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Sierra Nevada de Mérida is the highest mountain range in the largest massif in Venezuela , the Cordillera de Mérida , which in turn is part of the northern extent of the Cordillera de los Andes ( Andes Mountains ) .
Pico de Alberto is a mountain in the eastern part of São Nicolau island in Cape Verde .
Vecdole Castle ( German : Schloss Alt - Dahlen ) is a castle on the Daugava River in the historical region of Vidzeme , Latvia .
Erkeç ( also , Erk’ej , Erkech , Erkedge , Erketch , and Ertech ) is a village in the Goranboy Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Prior to the 2010 Winter Olympics , German media took an interest in a Tongan luger training in Germany , who was apparently also called Bruno Banani .
The Château de Longwy is a ruined castle , incorporated into the town 's fortifications , in the commune of Longwy in the Meurthe - et - Moselle département of France .
Mary White College is a residential college at the University of New England ( UNE ) , Australia , established in 1957 .
The Transilvania International Film Festival ( TIFF ; Romanian : Festivalul Internațional de Film Transilvania ) is a film festival held in Cluj - Napoca , Romania and established in 2001 by Romanian Film Promotion .
Sørkapp Bird Sanctuary ( Norwegian : Sørkapp fuglereservat ) is a bird reserve at Svalbard , Norway , established in 1973 .
Crossland College is a tertiary education institute situated in Priority Highlands , in Chanthar village in Brahmavar , 13 kilometres ( 8.1 mi ) away from Udupi and 73 kilometres ( 45 mi ) from Mangalore , in India .
Mount Fletcher is a town in Joe Gqabi District Municipality in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , 69 km north - north - east of Maclear .
The Hope Downs mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 100 kilometres northwest of Newman .
Kangersuatsiaq ( old spelling : Kangerssuatsiaq ) ( IATA : KGQ ) , formerly Prøven , is an island settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
Røstlandet is an island and the administrative centre of the municipality of Røst in Nordland county , Norway .
Sandovo ( Russian : Сандово ) is an urban - type settlement and the administrative center of Sandovsky District of Tver Oblast , Russia .
Biswanath Chariali ( IPA : ˌbɪswəˈnɑːθ ˈtʃɑːrɪˌælɪ ) ( Assamese : বিশ্বনাথ চাৰিআলি ) is a town and a municipal board in Sonitpur district in the state of Assam , India .
Tidhar ( Hebrew : תִּדְהָר , lit . Plane tree ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Darbid - e Vosta ( Persian : داربيد وسطي‎ , also Romanized as Dārbīd - e Vosţá ) is a village in Qalayi Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Buada Lagoon is a landlocked , slightly brackish , freshwater lake east of Aiwo District in the island nation of Nauru .
The Rustavi International Motorpark is a motor racing venue located 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south - east of Tbilisi , Georgia .
Caucagua is fairly prosperous because it is in crossroads between Caracas , the east of Venezuela , and the rest of the Miranda state .
Min - Kush ( Kyrgyz : Миң куш , ' a thousand birds ' ) is an urban - type settlement ( since 1953 ) in the Jumgal District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Polokwane ( UK /ˌpɒləˈkwɑːnɪ/ ) , meaning `` Place of Safety '' , is a city in the Polokwane Local Municipality and the capital of the Limpopo province , South Africa .
Sahaqurun ( Somali : Saaxaqurun ) is a city in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
The Quaid - e - Azam Library is a library in Bagh - e - Jinnah , a park previously known as `` Lawrence Gardens '' , in Lahore , Pakistan .
The Hindenburg Range is a mountain range in western Papua New Guinea , stretching from the Star Mountains to the east , at about 5.25 ° S 141.3833333 ° E.
Przybranówek ( pʂɨbraˈnuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Aleksandrów Kujawski , within Aleksandrów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Morningside Music Bridge International Music Festival is a month - long summer music institute normally held at Mount Royal University in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Shashamane ( or Shashemene , Oromo ) is a town and a separate woreda in West Arsi Zone , Oromia Region , Ethiopia .
Rengg ( el . 959 m. ) is a mountain pass in the canton Lucerne in Switzerland .
Manaris ( Greek : Μάναρης ) is a village in Arcadia , Greece , part of the municipal unit Valtetsi .
Kaloneri ( previously Vrongista ) is a village and the seat of the former Askio municipality in the Kozani regional unit , Greece .
Bijacovce ( Hungarian : Szepesmindszent ; German Biazowitz / Betendorf ) is a village and municipality in Levoča District in the Prešov Region of central - eastern Slovakia .
Příbram ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈpr̝̊iːbram ) ; German : Freiberg in Böhmen , Przibram or Pribram , in the time of the German occupation ( 1939 - -1945 ) Pibrans ) is a city in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic with a population of 35,147 .
Jomfru Ane Gade ( English : Virgin Anne 's Street ) , in Aalborg , is possibly Denmark 's most famous street .
Oroton is owned by the OrotonGroup which is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange and has held the license for the Polo Ralph Lauren in Australia and New Zealand for 2 decades .
The Chronicle - Journal is the daily newspaper in Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada .
Skjeggestad Bridge ( Norwegian : Skjeggestadbrua ) is the name of two parallel highway bridges on European route E18 in Holmestrand municipality , Vestfold , Norway .
Smallwood Academy is a k-12 school in Gambo , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Yuanquan Station ( Chinese : 源泉車站 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Yuánquán Chēzhàn ; Tongyong Pinyin : Yuáncyuán Chejhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railways Administration ( TRA ) Jiji Line located in Ershui Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
Volcanoes National Park ( French : Parc National des Volcans ) lies in northwestern Rwanda and borders Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Mgahinga Gorilla National Park in Uganda .
Al Dair ( Arabic : الدير‎ ) is a village in Bahrain on the northern coast of Muharraq Island .
Kigali International Airport ( IATA : KGL , ICAO : HRYR ) , formerly known as Gregoire Kayibanda International Airport , but sometimes referred to as Kanombe International Airport , is the primary airport serving Kigali , the capital of Rwanda .
Murça ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmuɾsɐ ) ) is a municipality in northern Portugal .
Meaux Cathedral ( Cathédrale Saint - Étienne de Meaux ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral , and a national monument of France , in the town of Meaux , in the department of Seine - et - Marne , east of Paris .
Słonne ( ˈswɔnnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Balakot ( Urdu : بالاکوٹ ‎ ) is a town in Mansehra District in the Khyber - Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Maline pri Štrekljevcu ( pronounced ( ˈmaːlinɛ pɾi ˈʃtɾeːkljɛu̯tsu ) ) is a small village north of Štrekljevec in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Lihir Group is an island group in Papua New Guinea , located north of New Ireland , at 3 ° S 152.583333 ° E. It is a part of Bismarck Archipelago .
The Riverbank Arena was a stadium in the Olympic Park , in Hackney Wick , London , United Kingdom , containing a water - based astroturf .
Aishbagh Stadium is a field hockey stadium in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh , India .
The Royal Guardians were a mutual benevolent society in Canada .
Pitești ( Romanian pronunciation : ( piˈteʃtʲ ) ) is a city in Romania , located on the Argeș River .
Agios Charalampos is a village in the Ellispontos municipal unit , Kozani regional unit , Greece .
Tajik State University of Commerce is an economics university located in Dushanbe , Tajikistan .
Magyarszombatfa ( Slovene : Sobočka ves ) is a village in Vas county , Hungary .
Wallern i m Burgenland ( Hungarian : Valla ) is a town in the northeastern part of Burgenland in Austria .
DSV Concordia is a multi sport club in Delft that has been operating since 1885 and introduced Jan Thomée to the world when he became the leading football goal scorer for the Netherlands and played in the 1908 Summer Olympics as part of the Dutch team that took the Football Bronze .
Stellwerk Fichtengrund is a decommissioned railway signal box on the outskirts of Berlin in Oranienburg , Germany , formerly in the GDR .
The United Populars ( Popolari Uniti ) is a regional Centrist and Christian - democratic political party based in Basilicata , Italy .
Atninsky District ( Russian : Атни́нский райо́н ; Tatar Cyrillic : Әтнә районы , Latin : Ətnə rayonı ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the forty - three in the Republic of Tatarstan , Russia .
Mount Omurga in Olympos , Turkey , is located alongside the Olympos ruins .
Bashsyz ( also , Bashyz ) is a village in the Jalilabad Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Greensborough Highway is a highway in the north - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Australia , and is an important route for north - east Melbourne .
Dzwola ( ˈd͡zvɔla ) is a village in Janów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Groote Eylandt is the largest island in the Gulf of Carpentaria in northeastern Australia .
Bafatá is a town in central Guinea - Bissau , known as the birthplace of Amílcar Cabral .
Dif is a settlement divided between Kenya 's Wajir County and Somalia 's Lower Juba region .
Ypenburg Airport ( Dutch : Vliegveld Ypenburg ) , which later became Ypenburg Air Base was an airport in the Netherlands near the city of The Hague .
Glil Yam ( Hebrew : גְּלִיל יָם ) is a kibbutz in central Israel .
České Petrovice ( German : Petersdorf ) is a small village in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
Dostuk ( Kyrgyz : Достук ) is an urban - type settlement in the Naryn District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan on the Naryn River and highway A361 about 35 km west of Naryn .
The Mas de Malherbes is a provençal mas and a small hotel near Aimargues , in the south of France .
Bulindo is a neighborhood in Kira Municipality , Kyaddondo County , Wakiso District , in the Central Region of Uganda .
Enskedefältet is a community in Söderort , Stockholm , Sweden .
Qinggang County ( simplified Chinese : 青冈县 ; traditional Chinese : 青岡縣 ; pinyin : Qīnggāng Xiàn ) is a county of western Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Narast ( Persian : نارست‎ , also Romanized as Nārast ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Alta - Talvik ( or Alten - Talvig in the historic Norwegian spelling ) is a former municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Tawa College is a coeducational school ( year 9 - year 13 ) situated in Tawa , New Zealand , and its principal is Murray Lucas .
Hauhungatahi is an eroded volcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand , located about 11 kilometres ( 7 mi ) WNW of Mount Ruapehu .
Fajara is a coastal suburb of Bakau in the Gambia .
Holmens Cemetery ( Danish : Holmens Kirkegård ) is the oldest cemetery still in use in Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Canal de Lalinde is a canal in south western France lateral to the Dordogne River .
Ennedi - Est Region is a region of Chad which was created in 2012 from Ennedi Region .
Parpi ( Armenian : Փարպի ) is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Sundhiyamau ( Hindi : सुढ़ियामऊ ) is a census village & village panchayat in Tehsil Ramnagar of Barabanki district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Sandoyartunnilin is a planned undersea road tunnel in the Faroe Islands .
Chereshovska Reka ( Bulgarian : Черешовска река ) is a village in the municipality of Smolyan , located in the Smolyan Province of southern Bulgaria .
Turukhansk ( Russian : Туруха́нск ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Turukhansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai , Russia , located 1,474 kilometers ( 916 mi ) north of Krasnoyarsk , at the confluence of the Yenisey and Nizhnyaya Tunguska Rivers .
Duninów ( duˈninuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chocianów , within Polkowice County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Abdolabad Tomb ( Persian : آرامگاه عبدل‌آباد‎ ) is a historical tomb of Ilkhanate era that is located in Abdolabad village at Bardaskan County . The tomb was added to the list of National Monuments of Iran As the 10908st monument .
Keşdək ( also , Geştək , Keştək , Keshdek , Keshtag , and Keshtek ) is a village in the Kalbajar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Manzuri ( Persian : منظوري‎ , also Romanized as Manz̧ūrī ) is a village in Zaboli Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Saint - Pierre - la - Cour is a commune , in the Mayenne department in the north - western of France .
Asociación Atlética Quimsa , usually called simply Quimsa , is a professional basketball team in Santiago del Estero , Argentina playing in the Liga Nacional de Básquet ( LNB ) .
Querévalo is a village and corregimiento in Alanje District , Chiriquí Province , Panama .
Sremič ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːmitʃ ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of the town of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
The Burj Al Alam ( English : `` World Tower '' ) was a proposed 108-story , 510 m ( 1,670 ft ) hyperboloid skyscraper in the Business Bay area of Dubai , United Arab Emirates , though the project 's roots are in a 101-storey design called `` Fortune 101 '' and slated for the Dubai Marina area .
Rouxville is a small wool and cattle farming town in the Free State province of South Africa and is situated on the N6 national route .
Truro ( /ˈtrʊəroʊ/ ; Cornish : Truru ) is a city and civil parish in Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
The La Tour - Blanche Anticline , also called Chapdeuil Anticline or Chapdeuil - La Tour - Blanche Anticline , is a tectonically caused , dome - like upwarp in the sedimentary succession of the northeastern Aquitaine Basin in France .
Cantarell Field or Cantarell Complex is an aging supergiant oil field in Mexico .
Vélez - Rubio ( Spanish : ( ˈbeleðˈruβjo ) , locally : ( ˈbɛlɛʱˈruβjo ) ) is a municipality in the province of Almería , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Tsui Ping Estate ( Chinese : 翠屏邨 ) is a public housing estate in Kwun Tong , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
La Pallice ( also known as grand port maritime de La Rochelle ) is the commercial deep - water port of La Rochelle , France .
Castillo de las Escobetas ( `` Castle of the Nazarene '' ) is located 3.25 miles ( 5.23 km ) northward of Cantal Point , in the town of Garrucha , Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
Wolwedans Dam is a concrete dam in South Africa located on the Great Brak River near Mossel Bay , Western Cape , South Africa .
Copperbelt Energy Corporation Plc ( CEC ) is a Zambian electricity generation , transmission , distribution and supply company with operations in Zambia and Nigeria .
Faizobod District or Nohiyai Faizobod ( Tajik : Ноҳияи Файзобод / Persian : ناحیۀ فیض‌آباد‎ ; Russian spelling : Faizabad ) is a small district in the Region of Republican Subordination in Tajikistan , about 60 km east of Dushanbe .
Trinity Bellwoods Park is a public park located in the west end of Toronto , Canada , bordered by Queen Street West on the south and Dundas Street on the north .
Dizaj - e Herik ( Persian : ديزج هريك‎ , also Romanized as Dīzaj - e Herīk ; also known as Dīzaj - e Arīk ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Marco de Canaveses ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈmaɾku ðɨ kɐnɐˈvezɨʃ ) ) is a city and municipality of the Porto district , in northern Portugal .
Khodutka ( Russian : Ходутка ) , also known as Khodutkinskiye Gory ( Russian : Ходуткинские Горы ) , is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Lake Como ( Lago di Como ( ˈlaːɡo di ˈkɔːmo ) or locally ( ˈlaːɡo di ˈkoːmo ) in Italian , also known as Lario ( ˈlaːrjo ) , after the Latin name of the lake ; Lach de Comm in Lombard ; Latin : Larius Lacus ) is a lake of glacial origin in Lombardy , Italy .
Polykastro ( Greek : Πολύκαστρο , formerly Καρασούλι , Karasoúli ; Bulgarian and Macedonian : Ругуновец , Rugunovec ) is a town and a former municipality in Kilkis regional unit of Central Macedonia , Greece .
The Battle of Montepeloso was fought on 3 September 1041 between Lombard - Norman rebel forces and the Byzantine Empire , near Montepeloso in southern Italy .
Adel Abdel - Hamid ( born 1939 ) is the Minister of Justice of Egypt in the interim government of Hazem Al Beblawi .
Sohail Butt ( Also Known as Sohail Ahmed ) ( born 6 June 1966 in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan ) is a former international cricketer for the United Arab Emirates .
Dr. Eusebius Juma Mukhwana in Bungoma District , Kenya ) is the past president of the African agricultural NGOs Network based in Ghana .
Amaya Salazar ( born 1951 , Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican artist known for her faceless personas that inhabit mystical and magical environments where light and the Antillean flora are present .
Danny Lendich is a business owner and franchise operator , having opened the first Wendy 's in New Zealand in the 1980s .
Alexis - Xyste Bernard ( December 29 , 1847 -- June 17 , 1923 ) was Bishop of St. Hyacinthe , Canada .
Suraiya Faroqhi ( b. 1941 Berlin , Germany ) , is a German scholar , Ottoman historian and a leading authority on Ottoman History ,
Chief Justice Saeeduzzaman Siddiqui ( alternatively Saeed - uz - zaman Siddiqui ; Urdu : سعید الزماں صدیقی ; b. 1 December 1937 ) , is a Pakistani Jurist and legislator of great prominence who formerly served as the Chief Justice of Pakistan at the Supreme Court of Pakistan .
Ana Victoria García Pérez , known as Vickiana ( born July 15 , 1954 , in Santiago , Dominican Republic ) is a singer , vedette and television presenter .
Peter Elyakim Taussig was born in Nazi - occupied Czechoslovakia , and grew up in Israel , where he studied with Czech pianist , Edith Kraus - a student of Artur Schnabel .
Daniel David Moses ( born 18 February 1952 ) is a First Nations poet and playwright from Canada .
Silvia Chivás ( born September 10 , 1954 ) is a former track and field athlete from Cuba .
Yngve Kalin ( born May 2 , 1950 in Växjö , Sweden ) is a Swedish priest in Hyssna and one of the leaders of the traditionalist movement in the Church of Sweden .
Kai Peterson ( stage name ) , ( born March 24 , 1962 née Kai - Peter Sauer in Hannover , Lower Saxony , Germany ) is a German actor , voice talent , music producer , composer , lyricist and singer in the genres musical theater , Jazz , Soul and Funk .
Andrew Crayford and The Kosmos have toured extensively around the United Kingdom .
Martin Moana ( born 13 August 1973 in Huntly , New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who was an international representative and played club football in England and New Zealand .
Edvard Askeland ( born 10 December 1954 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz musician ( Upright bass ) , known from a series of album releases in various genres and for being regular in Dag Arnesens lineups in 1970 - 80 , and within `` Cutting Edge '' .
Denis Abdulahi ( born 22 May 1990 in Kosovska Mitrovica , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a professional football player from Finland who currently plays for FC Viikingit .
Zulma Yugar ( born January 6 , 1952 in Oruro , Bolivia ) is a Bolivian politician and folk singer with international recognition and influence .
Hussein Akil ( Arabic : حسين عقيل‎ ) ( born 3 May 1990 in Australia ) is an Australian - Lebanese footballer who last played for S.League club Woodlands Wellington .
Alice Tumler ( born 11 November 1978 in Innsbruck , Austria ) is an Austrian television presenter .
Ananda Everingham ( Thai : อนันดา เอเวอริงแฮม ; born 31 May 1982 in Thailand ) is a Thai film actor who was born in Thailand .
William Crabtree ( 1610 - -1644 ) was an astronomer , mathematician , and merchant from Broughton , then in the Hundred of Salford , Lancashire , England .
Nicolae Neacșu ( 1924 -- 3 September 2002 ) was a lăutar , an important member of the Taraf de Haïdouks , a well - known Romani ( Gypsy ) band from Clejani , Romania .
Ilia Shuke was a former footballer and coach of Albania national football team for a short spell in 1973 , where he led the team in three friendlies ( a victory against Finland , a loss against East Germany , and a draw against China .
Mohammad Seifzadeh ( Persian : سید محمد سیف زاده‎ - born 1948 ) is an Iranian lawyer , a former judge , human rights activist and a cofounder of Centre for the Defence of Human Rights in Iran .
Throughout his lifetime , Yuan Mei travelled extensively throughout southern China , visiting Huangshan , Guilin , Tiantai , Wuyi and other famous mountains .
Ingólfr Arnarson ( spelled with a ⟨u⟩ in Modern Icelandic : Ingólfur Arnarson ( ˈiŋkoulvʏr̥ ˈartnar̥sɔn ) ) and his wife , Hallveig Frodesdatter , are commonly recognized as the first permanent Nordic settlers of Iceland .
Nehro Mohammed Abdul - Karim Kasnazan is an Iraqi politician who led the Iraq Assembly of National Unity ( now the ( ( Coalition for Iraqi National Unity ) ) ) electoral coalition .
Felix Abt ( born 15 January 1955 , Switzerland ) is a business affairs specialist on North Korea and Vietnam .
Dr. Maciej Konacki ( MATCH - ee Konn - ATZ - kee ) ( born 1972 in Toruń , Poland ) is a Polish astronomer , notable for his tentative discovery of HD 188753 Ab , a possible planet discovered in a three star system .
Windradyne ( c. 1800 -- 21 March 1829 ) was an Aboriginal warrior and resistance leader of the Wiradjuri nation , in what is now central - western New South Wales , Australia ; he was also known to the British settlers as Saturday .
Dipti Saravanamuttu was born in Sri Lanka and arrived in Australia with her family in 1972 .
Alan Estrada Gutiérrez ( b. in Tepatitlán de Morelos , Jalisco , Mexico , December 23 , 1980 ) is an actor , dancer and singer , known for his role as `` Mario '' in the Spanish musical Hoy No Me Puedo Levantar .
Nicky Hager ( born 1958 ) is a New Zealand investigative journalist .
Alena Dylko ( born 14 September 1988 in Kossovo , Belarus ) is a Belarusian track cyclist .
John Richard Lobo , popularly known as J. R. Lobo , is an Indian politician and current MLA of Mangalore South constituency in Karnataka , India .
Panuwat Yimsa - ngar ( Thai : พานุวัฒ ยิ้มสง่า , born January 16 , 1982 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Juan José Cañas ( c. 1826 -- January 19 , 1918 ) is perhaps most famous for the ( allegedly joint ) writing of Himno Nacional De El Salvador ( national hymn of El Salvador ) with Italian - born composer Juan Aberle .
César Luis Menotti ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsesaɾ ˈlwis meˈnoti ) ) , known as El Flaco ( `` the slim one '' ) ( born November 5 , 1938 in Rosario ) , is an Argentine football coach and former player who , as coach , won the 1978 FIFA World Cup for Argentina .
Tomás Pedro Regalado ( born Tomás Pedro Regalado y Valdez May 24 , 1947 in Havana , Cuba ) is a former broadcast journalist and current mayor of Miami , Florida .
Lassi Parkkinen was born in Varkaus , an industrial town in the southeast of Finland .
Luis Alberto Ferrizo ( born 1951 ) was a member of the Congress of Uruguay starting in 1989 .
Theodor Peckolt ( 1822 - -1912 ) was a German - born naturalist , botanist , phytochemist and pharmacist who worked in Brazil from 1847 to 1912 , analyzing the chemical and medicinal properties of Brazilian flora .
Terence Rattigan was born in 1911 in South Kensington , London , United Kingdom , of Irish Protestant extraction .
Owen Moncrieffe aka Fantan Mojah was born in White Hill , St Elizabeth Parish , Jamaica .
Kem Sitsongpeenong ( Thai : เข้ม ศิษย์สองพี่น้อง ; born December 16 , 1984 ) , formerly known as Khem Fairtex , is a Thai Muay Thai kickboxer and the reigning Thailand and WMC Muaythai super welterweight world champion .
Saul Alves Martins ( November 1 , 1917 , Januária , Brazil -- December 10 , 2009 Belo Horizonte ) was a Brazilian anthropologist and folklorist , professor of Federal University of Minas Gerais ( UFMG ) .
Avetis Sultan - Zade was born Avetis Mikaelian in 1889 in the Persian town of Maragheh , located in East Azerbaijan , a province in the northwestern part of the current Iran .
Jos Valentijn ( born 28 March 1952 ) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who specialized in the 500 m and 1000 m distances .
Simona Senoner ( June 13 , 1993 -- January 7 , 2011 ) was a cross - country racer and ski jumper from Italy .
Robert Monro ( died 1680 ) , was a famous Scottish General , from the Clan Munro of Ross - shire , Scotland .
Claire Robyns ( born 1968 , Port Elizabeth , South Africa ) is an author of historical and contemporary romances .
Badda Peter Sugandhar ( B. P. Sugandhar ; known as Peter ) was the fifth successor of Frank Whittaker as Bishop in Medak in the Church of South India ( CSI ) .
Pieter van Dalen ( born 22 March 1966 ) is a South African politician in the National Assembly of South Africa with the Democratic Alliance ( DA ) .
Dániel Horváth ( born January 25 , 1996 in Győr , Hungary ) , is a Hungarian footballer .
Víctor Ullate ( born 9 May 1947 , Zaragoza , Spain ) is a dancer , choreographer and ballet director .
Augustin Ngirabatware ( born 12 January 1957 ) is a Rwandan politician who participated in the Rwandan Genocide and has been convicted by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda .
Jury Sukhorukov ( Ukraine : Юрій Сухоруков ; born March 29 , 1968 ) is an Olympic shooter from Ukraine .
Madhupran Wolfgang Schwerk is an ultra - marathon runner , born July 28 , 1955 and now living in Solingen , Germany .
His father was Jean - Élie Gautier ( 1743 - -1828 ) , a merchant in Bordeaux who was ennobled without a title by Louis XVIII of France in 1816 .
Fábio Caramuru ( São Paulo Brazil , September 14 , 1956 ) is a Brazilian pianist , composer and musical producer .
Hans Aslak Guttorm ( 15 December 1907 -- 24 March 1992 in Outakoski , Finland ) was a Sámi author who wrote in Northern Sámi .
Michael Fifi'i ( born 24 December 1987 ) is a Solomon Islands international footballer who currently plays for the Kiwi F.C ..
Mabel Te Aowhaitini Mangakahia ( 4 September 1899 - -23 August 1940 ) was a New Zealand district nurse .
Erkki Kurenniemi ( born July 10 , 1941 in Hämeenlinna , Finland ) is a Finnish designer , philosopher and artist , best known for his electronic music compositions and the electronic instruments he has designed .
Augustin de Saffray de Mésy ( 1598 - 1665 ) was the first Governor General of New France in 1663 after Louis XIV took over the administration of New France from the Compagnie des Cent - Associés .
Rishi Shankar ( born 1934 ) is a Fiji Indian lawyer who was elected to the House of Representatives of Fiji .
Paul Bonwick , PC ( born October 24 , 1964 ) is a lobbyist and former politician in Canada .
Lady Afrodita ( Born July 18 , 1990 in Puebla , Puebla , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler currently working for the Mexican professional wrestling promotion Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre ( CMLL ) portraying a tecnico ( `` Good guy '' ) wrestling character .
Alessandro Patias ( born 8 July 1985 ) is an Italian futsal player who plays as a pivot for Portuguese club Benfica and the Italy national team .
In March 1917 , Vasile Lucaciu was a member of a group of exiled Romanian Habsburg subjects who were sent as a delegation to the United States to campaign for Romania 's cause .
Born in Kenya 's Keiyo District , Daniel Rono established himself with a win at the Groningen Half Marathon in a fast time of 60:14 minutes in 2002 .
Virginia Patrone ( born 1960 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) , she lived and worked in Uruguay , before moving to Spain in 2003 .
John Boulger ( born 18 June 1945 in Adelaide , South Australia ) is a former international motorcycle speedway rider .
Manuela Dalla Valle ( born January 20 , 1963 in Como ) is a retired medley and breaststroke swimmer from Italy , who represented her native country in four consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1984 .
Manis Lamond ( born 14 September 1966 ) is a retired soccer player from Papua New Guinea .
Edvinas Dautartas ( born 28 August 1987 in Raudondvaris , Lithuania ) is a swimmer from Lithuania .
Juan Nepomuceno Fernández Lindo y Zelaya ( generally known as Juan Lindo ) ( 16 May 1790 , Tegucigalpa , Honduras -- 23 April 1857 , Gracias , Honduras ) was a Conservative Central American politician , president of the Republic of El Salvador from 1841 to 1842 and of the Republic of Honduras from 1847 to 1852 .
Sverrir Gudnason ( in Icelandic Sverrir Páll Guðnason ) , born 12 September 1978 in Lund , Sweden , is a Swedish actor of Icelandic origin .
Jacques 's oeuvre ( body of work ) is significantly smaller than that of his father 's : according to the Bibliothèque Nationale de France 's Inventaire du fonds français entry on the Lepautre family , the BNF 's Cabinet des estampes et de la photographie possesses fifty - eight works attributed to Jacques Lepautre .
Judi Farr ( Queensland , Australia ) is a much awarded Australian actress of theatre , film and television best known for several situation comedy roles on Australian television .
In March 2000 , Klaus Luft established the Klaus Luft Foundation , which focuses on supporting young students '' causes in education , performing arts , and science , as well as partly contributing to other foundations with the same mission in Germany , India , Venezuela , and the United States .
Povilas Leimonas ( born 16 November 1987 in Marijampole ) is a footballer from Lithuania .
Grant Rowe ( born 1969 ) is a Sydney ( Australia ) based artist who specializes in semi - realistic / impressionistic portraits .
L. Ganesan ( born 24 April 1934 ) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India .
Lesley Ann Patten is a film director , screenwriter , and producer whose first feature documentary Loyalties won the 1999 Canada Award .
Jürgen Moser 's parents lived in Königsberg , German empire and resettled in Stralsund , East Germany as a result of the second world war .
Jeff Danchie ( born 19 April 1984 in Ghana ) is an English professional basketball player , and currently plays for the London Mets in the English Basketball League 's first division .
Ali Mebarki ( born 28 December 1944 in Pierrefonds , Oise , France ) , represented Algeria in the boxing , competing at the 1968 Summer Olympic Games in the featherweight event , unfortunately he lost in the first round .
Lisa Bund ( born Anna - Lisa Bund ; 31 May 1988 , in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a German pop singer , songwriter , radio host , actor , and reality television star .
Isabel Vericat Núñez was born in Spain to mixed nationality parents .
Michael Hight , a prominent New Zealand artist , was born in Stratford , New Zealand in 1961 .
Cai Mingjie ( 蔡明杰 , born 1952 ) is a Singaporean taxicab driver and former biology researcher , known for his blog , A Singapore Taxi Driver 's Diary .
Dan Alexandru Leucuță ( born 1 October 1987 in Ineu , Romania ) is a Romanian football player , currently playing for Şoimii Pâncota .
Due to his numerous ascents in the Italian Dolomites , climbing routes have been named after him ( e.g. the Aste - Susatti route in the Monte Civetta , near Belluno , Italy , first ascent by Armando Aste and Fausto Susatti on 26 - -28 July 1954 ) .
Sara Nuru ( born August 19 , 1989 in Erding , West Germany ) is a German fashion model .
Hansruedi Widmer ( born 4 April 1944 ) is a retired speed skater from Switzerland .
Gustavo Dantas ( born 23 December 1974 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) , is a fourth degree Black Belt in Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu from Andre Pederneiras .
Laurent Brochard ( born March 26 , 1968 in Le Mans , France ) is a retired professional road racing cyclist from France .
Petr Hrbek ( born 3 April 1969 in Prague , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech ice hockey player currently playing for Chemnitzer RSC in the German Regionalliga .
Zvi Studinski ( Hebrew : צבי סטודינסקי‎ ) , born 16 February 1927 , was an Israeli footballer , who played for Maccabi Tel Aviv and for Israel .
Władysław Pasikowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( vwaˈdɨswaf paɕiˈkɔfskʲi ) ; born June 14 , 1959 in Łódź , Poland ) is a Polish film director and screenwriter .
Mats Rådberg , born 8 June 1948 in Brännkyrka Parish in Stockholm , Sweden is a Swedish country singer , guitarist , composer and architect scoring several chart successes in Sweden during the 1970s and 80s .
Akhtar Rasool ( born January 13 , 1954 ) is a field hockey player , captain and Olympian from Pakistan who won the gold medal with the Men 's National Hockey Team at the Hockey World Cups 1978 and again in 1982 .
Prabhat Prakash Shukla ( born 29 March 1951 ) is the Ambassador of India to Russia .
Belinda Lang ( born 23 December 1953 ) is an English actress , best known in the United Kingdom for her role as Bill Porter in the long running BBC sitcom 2point4 Children ( 1991 - -1999 ) .
Edoff Andersson ( 25 July 1902 in Salem , Sweden -- 1934 ) was a Swedish politician and trade unionist .
Marcio Kogan ( born March 6 , 1952 , São Paulo , Brazil ) graduated from the School of Architecture and Urbanism at the University Presbiterian Mackenzie in 1976 .
Vitaly Malkin ( born 16 September 1952 ) is a Russian - Israeli business oligarch and politician who was born in Pervouralsk near Ekaterinburg in central Russia , the administrative center of Sverdlovsk Oblast .
Ivan Graeme Ferguson , CM ( born 7 October 1929 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian filmmaker and inventor who co - invented IMAX .
Aaron of York or Aaron fil Josce was a Jewish financier and chief rabbi of England .
Gijze Stroboer ( born May 24 , 1954 in Amsterdam ) is a former competitive water polo player from the Netherlands , who participated in two consequentive Summer Olympics .
Winifred Lily Boys - Smith ( 7 November 1865 - -1 January 1939 ) was an English - born New Zealand science artist and lecturer , university professor , school principal .
Groon XXX ( born January 11 , 1980 in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico ) is the ring name of a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler .
Illya Chichkan ( Ukrainian : Ілля Аркадійович Чичкан , born 1967 in Kiev , Ukraine ) is a representative of the art movement `` Ukrainian New Wave '' , which developed in the 1990s .
Louis Monier finding the idea interresting , François Bourdoncle then returned to France , tackled the problem , and found an ultra - rapid algorithm for ranking in non - predefined categories .
Alvina Reynolds , is a Saint Lucian politician who represents the Babonneau constituency for the Saint Lucia Labour Party .
Josune Bereziartu , was born on January 19 , 1972 , at Lazkao , a Basque town of the province of Gipuzkoa , northern Spain .
Jadea Kelly is a singer - songwriter from Whitby , Ontario , Canada .
Mihailo Janković ( Serbian : Михаило Јанковић ) was a Serbian architect who designed a few of the important structures in Serbia whilst a part of Yugoslavia .
Narciso Ferreira ( 1862 - 1933 ) was a Portuguese entrepreneur in the north of Portugal ( Riba d’Ave , in Vila Nova de Famalição ) .
Nan Ping ( Chinese : 南萍 ) ( 1918 - -1989 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician and People 's Liberation Army major general .
Ansten Samuelstuen was born in Brøttum parish , in Ringsaker , Hedmark , Norway .
Ravi Varman was born in a village called Poyyoundarkudikkadu near Thanjavur , Tamil Nadu , India .
Upendra Kushwaha ( born 2 June 1960 ) is an Indian politician and Minister of State in Government of India .
Kazumasa Hashimoto ( born 1974 in Tokyo , Japan ) is a Japanese composer , mastering engineer and web designer .
A year later , however , Charles the Bald was in control of France and Ebbo was deposed a second time .
Vasile Caciureac ( born 19 October 1962 in Sighetu Marmaţiei , Romania ) is a Romanian former football striker .
Jake Epp was first elected to the Canadian House of Commons as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the 1972 election for the riding of Provencher , which was the home of Atomic Energy of Canada Limited 's Whiteshell Laboratories .
The son of Charles Didelot , the dance master of the King of Sweden , he studied dance with his father , who was an instructor in dance at the Swedish Opera , and debuted as dancer in the theatre of Bollhuset in Stockholm 1786 .
Pierre Auguste Avaro ( 1911 - - ? ? ) was the foreign minister of Gabon in 1964 to 1965 .
Ivan Zajc ( also Croatian : Ivan plemeniti Zajc , Italian : Giovanni di Zayitz ; pronounced ( ǐʋan zâjts ) ; August 3 , 1832 -- December 16 , 1914 ) , was a Croatian composer , conductor , director and teacher who for over forty years dominated Croatia 's musical culture .
Leopoldo Jaucian , Roman Catholic Bishop of Bangued in Abra ( Philippines ) , was born on July 27 , 1960 in Santa , Ilocos Sur ( Philippines ) .
In April 2009 Ikedi Ohakim led a fourteen man delegation to Taiwan to see what lessons from that resource - poor but dynamic economy could be applied to Nigeria .
Billy Bibit ( March 10 , 1950 - October 25 , 2009 ) was a Filipino retired colonel who led a series of attempted coups against former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino during the 1980s as a member of the Revolutionary Patriot Alliance ( Rebolusyonaryong Alyansang Makabayan , RAM ) .
Ernestina Naadu Mills ( née Botchway ) is an educator and former First Lady of Ghana .
Akinwunmi Ambode attended St. Jude 's Primary School , Ebutte Meta , Lagos , Nigeria , from 1969 - 1974 , where he sat for the National Common Entrance Examinations .
Shaquille Barzey is a Saint Kitts and Nevis international footballer .
Rababe Arafi ( born 12 January 1991 ) is a middle - distance runner from Morocco , who specialises in the 1500 metres .
Freddy Homburger ( 8 February 1916 in Sankt Gallen , Switzerland- 25 September 2001 in Cambridge , Massachusetts ) was a Swiss - born oncologist .
Sigurd Ømann ( 1923 - -1988 ) was chairman of the Socialist People 's Party of Denmark in the period 1968 - 1974 .
Dario Kordić ( born 14 December 1960 ) is a Bosnian Croat former politician from HDZ BiH , military commander of the Croatian Defence Council ( HVO ) between 1992 and 1994 , vice president of the Croatian Republic of Herzeg - Bosnia , a self - proclaimed Croat territory in Bosnia and Herzegovina and convicted war criminal .
Rachel Kolly d'Alba ( born May 21 , 1981 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) is a Swiss violinist .
Henri Eyebe Ayissi ( born September 24 , 1955 ) is a Cameroonian politician and diplomat who served in the government of Cameroon as Minister of Foreign Relations from 2007 to 2011 .
Dom Fra ' Manuel Pinto da Fonseca ( 1681 -- 23 January 1773 ) was a Knight of the Langue of Portugal in the Order of Malta , of which he also was the 68th Prince and Grand Master from 1741 until his death .
Retno Kustijah ( name sometimes appears as Retno Koestijah ) is a former badminton player from Indonesia who competed internationally from the early 1960s to the early 1970s .
Munni Baji Urdu : منی باجی of Radio Pakistan was a Pakistani artist who remained associated to the Radio Pakistan for almost 45 years and retired in 1993 , but worked on contracts till 1998 .
John Icha Lal ( born Suva , Fiji 24 February 1933 ) was formerly a player , captain and coach of Fiji 's National Football side .
Marcos Losekann ( born January 8 , 1966 ) is a Brazilian correspondent who is well known in Brazil for covering important international conflicts and events .
William J. Wadsworth ( died March 20 , 1949 ) was a long serving municipal politician in Toronto , Canada .
Valentina Dimitrova ( Bulgarian : Валентина Димитрова ) ( born 18 July 1988 in Dobrich , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian singer who contended in the first season of the Bulgarian television series `` Music Idol '' .
Moshe Arad ( born August 15 , 1934 in Romania ) is the former ambassador from Israel to Mexico ( 1983 - -1987 ) and the former ambassador from Israel to the United States ( 1987 - -1990 ) .
Raghav Bahl is an Indian businessman best known for his ownership of several television channels , including TV18 India .
Gafatasi Su'a ( born 21 January 1992 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who currently plays as a hooker for Counties Manukau in the ITM Cup .
Maytê Piragibe ( born Maytê Bernardes Rodrigues Piragibe on December 2 , 1983 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian actress and keyboardist .
Bernie Wijesekara ( 1930 - 1 October 2014 ) was a senior sports journalist in Sri Lanka .
Ustad Farida Mahwash ( born Farida Gulali Ayubi , Persian : فریده مهوش‎‎ in 1947 , Kabul , Afghanistan ) commonly referred to as Ustad Mahwash ( Afghan : استاد مهوش ) is a singer and voice of Afghanistan .
Karl Fredrik Dahlgren ( 1791 - -1844 ) , Swedish poet At a time when literary partisanship ran high in Sweden , and the writers divided themselves into Goths and Phosphorists , Dahlgren made himself indispensable to the Phosphorists by his polemical activity .
Born in Australia , Bill Strutton won a state scholarship to university at 14 but dropped out after two years to go and work in an office .
Ícaro Passos de Oliveira ( born June 11 , 1984 in Tapes , Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil ) , is a Brazilian footballer .
Andrei Kavalenka ( born 9 March 1955 in Körmend , Hungary ) is a trap shooter competing for Belarus .
Joe Vagana ( born 21 January 1975 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s .
Janet Kerdikoshvili ( Georgian : ჟანეტ ქერდიყოშვილი ; born 29 November 1991 ) is a Georgian beauty pageant titleholder . She was crowned Miss Georgia 2011 and competed at the Miss World 2011 pageant and was designated to represent Georgia at Miss Universe 2013 before she withdrew due to unexpected health problems .
Éric Charden was born in Haïphong , Vietnam , during World War II . He is from a French father ( who was a port engineer in France and overseas ) and a Tibetan mother .
Born and raised in Cameroon , Sokoudjou began training in judo at the age of five and was talented , winning three consecutive junior national championships from 1997 - 1999 in his home country .
Born in Kuwait , Karim Nagi lived in Egypt until his father received an offer to complete his residency in England .
Sabatina James lived until her tenth year as a Muslim with her family in the city of Dhedar , Pakistan until her family moved to Linz , Austria .
Fabian Taylor ( born 13 April 1980 in Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican soccer player , who currently plays striker for Harbour View .
Pamela Palmater ( born 1970 ) is a Mi'kmaq lawyer , professor , activist and politician from Mi'kma'ki , New Brunswick , Canada .
Born in Ottawa , Andrew Ager is one of Canada´s most prominent composers , with numerous premieres and performances each year , in Canada , Europe , and the United States .
Raymond Detrez ( Antwerp 1948 ) is Professor of East European history and cultures and modern Greek history at the University of Ghent , Belgium .
Ossian Donner was relieved of his duties as Finnish ambassador in 1925 because of his criticism of czarist Russia during the time when Finland was an autonomous Grand Duchy under Russian rule .
Margaret Forbes ( c.1807 - -13 January 1877 ) was a New Zealand innkeeper and land protester .
Jack Penner is a farmer and former politician in Manitoba , Canada .
Hatef Esfehani was born in Isfahan ( Esfahan ) , a central province of Iran , and most likely he died there in 1783 .
Astrid Schop ( born 1 December 1965 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a former Dutch road racing cyclist .
Jan Zwartkruis ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjɑn ˈzʋɑrt.ˌkrœy̯s ) ) ( 18 February 1926 -- 7 March 2013 ) was the manager of the Netherlands national football team for two periods ( 1976 - -77 , 1978 - -81 ) , coaching the team in 28 matches , including the 1980 UEFA European Football Championship .
Rachel Mwanza is an actress from the Democratic Republic of the Congo , best known for her performance as Komona in the 2012 film Rebelle ( War Witch ) .
Per Ivar Moe ( born 11 November 1944 in Lillehammer ) is a former speed skater from Norway .
Glódís Perla Viggósdóttir ( born 27 June 1995 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a defender for Eskilstuna United DFF in the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland national team .
Maya Kidowaki represented Japan at the 1992 Summer Olympics in doubles with Kimiko Date and lost to Jana Novotná and Andrea Strnadová in the third round 6 - -3 , 7 - -6(4 ) .
Jamil Rostami ( born 1971 in Sanandaj , Kurdistan Province , Iran ) is an Iranian film director of Kurdish origin .
Julián Rejala was born in a small town of Aregua , in the Central Department of Paraguay , called `` Kokué Guazú '' , on February 16 , 1907 .
José Gordon ( born 1953 , Mexico ) is a Mexican novelist , essayist , translator and cultural journalist .
Alceu Valença ( born July 1 , 1946 in São Bento do Una , Pernambuco , Northeast Brazil ) is a Brazilian composer , writer , performer , actor , and poet .
Segun Adewale was born into a royal family in Oshogbo , Nigeria .
Joseph - Arthur Labissonnière was a politician in Quebec , Canada and an official opposition Member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec ( MLA ) .
Although recognized as a first - class businessman and tough negotiator , Flemming Østergaard has primarily been in charge of the turn - around and rise of F.C. Copenhagen , to its present status as one of the leading football teams in Denmark .
Born in Vittoriosa on 30 June 1890 , Paul Boffa was educated at the Lyceum and at the University of Malta from where he graduated as a medical doctor in 1912 .
Joseph Joe Piccininni ( 1922 - September 16 , 1995 ) was a long - serving city councillor in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Carmen Boullosa ( born September 4 , 1954 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a leading Mexican poet , novelist and playwright .
Joel Everson ( born 9 March 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby union footballer who plays as a Lock for Southland in the ITM Cup .
Kai Tracid ( born as Kai Franz on 17 January 1972 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany ) is a trance DJ and producer .
Patricio Sebastián ( Born March 3 , 2003 , Mexico City , Mexico ) , is a Mexican television actor .
Laura Cunningham was an Irish singer / journalist / stylist from Dublin , Ireland , known for her role in Irish Traditional girl group Trinití .
Hyrbyair Marri ( Urdu : حربیار مری ‎ ) ( born 1968 ) is a Baloch nationalist from Balochistan , Pakistan .
Dan Craven ( born 1 February 1983 ) is a racing cyclist from Namibia , riding for Cycling Academy Team .
Vampiro won his first and only title in WCW with The Great Muta , by defeating KroniK in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada on August 13 , 2000 .
Amir Mirza Hekmati ( Persian : امیر میرزا حکمتی‎‎ ) ( born July 28 , 1983 ) is a former United States Marine who was arrested in August 2011 for allegedly spying for the CIA in Iran .
Sir Dadiba Merwanji Dalal CIE ( 12 December 1870 - 4 March 1941 ) was an Indian Parsi diplomat who was the second High Commissioner for India and the first of Indian origin .
Ezequiel Lezcano ( born 15 April 1982 in Esperanza ( Santa Fe ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for 9 de Julio de Morteros of the Torneo Argentino B in Argentina .
Hellen Kimaiyo Kipkoskei ( born September 8 , 1968 in Moiben ) is a retired runner from Kenya .
Ulli Wegner grew up in former East Germany and learned to box there .
On the Hainfeld Party Convention of 1888/1889 , Jakob Reumann was designated first secretary of the newly founded Social Democratic Party , which then united social democrats of the whole multinational Austrian part of Austria - Hungary .
Elisabeth Mandaba ( born 7 June 1989 ) is a middle - distance runner from the Central African Republic .
As a result members of LMP 's `` Dialogue for Hungary '' platform , including Rebeka Szabó , announced their decision to leave the opposition party and form a new organization .
Alexandru Spiridon ( born 20 July 1960 , in Edineț ) is a professional football manager and former footballer from Moldova .
Dr. Alcides Sagarra Carón ( born August 18 , 1936 in Santiago de Cuba ) is a Cuban sport official best known for moulding the Cuban amateur boxing team into a dominant force during his reign as national coach .
Mohamed Nasef ( Arabic : محمد ناصيف‎ ; born on 30 January 1987 in Egypt ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League team ENPPI .
Stole Popov ( Macedonian : Столе Попов ) was born 20 August 1950 in Skopje , Republic of Macedonia .
Behdad Nejatbakhshe , better known by his stage name Uppermost , is a French electronic music producer based in Paris , France .
Michael Szwarc ( 9 June 1909 , Będzin , Poland -- 4 August 2000 , United States ) was a British and American polymer chemist who discovered and studied ionic living polymerization .
Joseph Marie Terray ( 9 December 1715 , Boën -- 18 February 1778 ) was a Controller - General of Finances during the reign of Louis XV of France , an agent of fiscal reform .
Basrizal Koto ( born October 11 , 1959 in Pariaman , West Sumatra ) is a businessman from Indonesia ; the owner of a well - known Indonesian conglomerate .
Maka Kotto ( born December 7 , 1961 ) , is a politician of Cameroonian descent from Quebec , Canada who is a Parti Québécois member of the National Assembly of Quebec for the riding of Bourget .
Svilena Kidess was born in Bulgaria on May 26 , 1978 as Svilena Iassenova Ratcheva .
Stanisław Kociołek ( 3 May 1933 -- 1 October 2015 ) , often referred to as the `` butcher of Tri - City '' , was a Communist official who served as deputy prime minister of Poland for six months in 1970 .
Master Vinayak was Born in Kolhapur , Maharashtra , India .
On September 20 , 2013 , José Miguel Granadino and 13 other players of El Salvador were banned for life , the players were accused of receiving bribes such as a 0 - 5 defeat against Mexico in 2011 and a 2 - 4 loss against Paraguay on February 2013 .
Bakare Gbadamosi ( born 1930 ) is a Yoruba poet , anthropologist and short story writer from Nigeria .
Five Steez is an independent underground Hip Hop artiste from Kingston , Jamaica .
David Pfeffer , who is also a police officer in Duisburg , Germany , released his debut album I Mind on December 9 , 2011 which entered the German charts at No.20 .
Djaniny received his first call - up for Cape Verde in late 2011 .
The anti - military and pro - democracy , Ola Oni hails from Ekiti State southwestern Nigeria where he was born but based in Ibadan , the capital of Oyo State , Nigeria .
Marijan Brnčić ( born 23 July 1940 near Crikvenica , Kingdom of Yugoslavia ) is a former Croatian football player .
At the end of the uprising , Dimitar Andonov returned in Bulgaria and again joined the military and served in his battalion .
José Said ( born 1930 in Arequipa , Perú ) is chilean businesspeople and the founder and current head of Parque Arauco S.A. , which is one of the largest real estate developers and operators of shopping malls in both Chile and Argentina .
Eva Esther Hill ( 19 September 1898 - -17 April 1981 ) was a New Zealand doctor , medical superintendent , writer , publicist and health campaigner .
Omid Ghorbani ( Persian : امید قربانی‎‎ ) ; is an Iranian defenderwho currently plays for the Iranian football club Saba Qom in the Iran Pro League .
Reynaldo Chanco Flores ( born November 15 , 1988 in Quezon City , Philippines ) better known as Jace Flores is a Filipino actor and Model in Philippines .
Daniel Ruczko ( born 3 July 1982 in Bremen , Germany ) is an internationally known artist .
Azriel Páez ( born May 28 , 1989 in San Luis Rio Colorado , Sonora , Mexico ) an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Welterweight division .
Hanno Höfer ( born July 8 , 1967 in Timişoara , Romania ) is a German - Romanian movie director , producer and musician .
Pietro Cussida , Pietro Cuside or Pedro Cossida ( died October 1622 ) was a Spanish diplomat in the service of Philip III of Spain and his successor , Philip IV . He was an art collector and patron , known for his patronage of Caravaggisti artists , including Jusepe de Ribera and Dirck van Baburen .
Warnakulasurya Wadumestrige Devasritha Valence Mendis ( born May 21 , 1958 Koralawella , Sri Lanka ) is the current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Chilaw since 2006 .
Alhaji Abubakar Barde ( 1938 - 17 June 2002 ) was Governor of Gongola State , Nigeria between October 1979 and September 1983 during the Nigerian Second Republic .
Abdeslam Ouaddou ( Arabic : عبدالسلام وادو‎ ) ( born November 1 , 1978 in Alnif , Morocco ) is a Moroccan footballer .
Ryoji Nakata ( 中田 亮二 , born November 3 , 1987 in Japan ) is a Japanese professional baseball first baseman for the Chunichi Dragons in Japan 's Nippon Professional Baseball .
Thomas Houston ( c1777 - 1803 ) , although born in Ireland , was considered a Tyneside poet / songwriter .
Alain Haché ( born 14 December 1970 , in Tracadie , New Brunswick ) is an experimental physicist , a professor at the University of Moncton , Canada .
Sarmīte Ēlerte ( born 8 April 1957 , Riga , Latvian SSR ) is a Latvian politician , member of the Unity party and former Minister of Culture of Latvia from 3 November 2010 until 25 October 2011 .
Rubens Paiva ( December 26 , 1929 -- January 1971 ) was a Brazilian civil engineer and politician who became a victim of torture and forced disappearance during the military dictatorship in Brazil .
Reuven Feuerstein was one of nine siblings born in Botoșani , Romania ( August 21 , 1921 ) .
Sawsan Badr ( Arabic : سوسن بدر‎ ) ( nicknamed : Egypt 's Cinema 's Nefertiti ) ( born ٍSeptember 25 , 1957 ) is an Egyptian actress of film , stage and television .
Joseph Szydlowski ( originally Józef Szydłowski ; November 21 , 1896 , Skryhiczyn ( in Chełm County , Poland ) , -- July 16 , 1988 in Israel ) , was a Polish - Israeli aircraft engine designer who founded Turbomeca in France .
Knut Tarald Taraldsen ( born 23 March 1948 , in Oslo ) is a Norwegian linguist working in Tromsø , Norway as a senior researcher at the Center for Advanced Study in Theoretical Linguistics ( CASTL ) .
Harold Bedoya Pizarro ( born December 30 , 1938 in Cali , Colombia ) is a former General and Commander of the Colombian National Army .
Andrey Klimov ( born July 26 , 1982 in Klimovsk , Russia ) is a Russian professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the current National Russian Lightweight Champion .
Helmut Brenner ( 1 January 1957 in Mürzzuschlag , Austria ) is an Austrian ethnomusicologist .
Ahmed El - Leithy ( born 1945 ) was appointed Minister of Agriculture and Land Reclamation of Egypt in Nazif 's first Cabinet in 2004 .
Jean - Efflam Bavouzet ( born 1962 in Lannion , France ) is a French classical pianist .
Victor Diaz Lamich ( born in 1966 , Chile ) is a photojournalist , first known for his work with The Canadian Press .
Alejandro Vanoli ( born April 10 , 1961 ) is an Argentine economist and public official , He was the former President of the Central Bank of Argentina .
Nils Per Imerslund ( 9 May 1912 -- 7 December 1943 ) , born in Kristiania , Norway , was one of the most prominent figures of the national socialist scene in pre - World War II Norway .
Alberto Saichann is a comic book artist and penciller born in Argentina .
Sterjo Spasse was born in 1914 in Gollomboç , Liqenas Municipality , Korçë District , Albania , of Macedonian descent .
Frédéric Borel is a French architect , born in 1959 in Roanne ( France ) .
Born in Trinidad and raised in Edmonton , Alberta , Roger Mooking is currently the host of the television series `` Man Fire Food '' and is the Host and co - creator of Everyday Exotic , both airing on the Cooking Channel and Food Network Canada .
Jeremy Corbett ( born in Westport , New Zealand ) is a radio and television host and comedian from New Zealand .
Dheena Chandra Dhas ( born in Madras ( now Chennai ) , India on August 1 , 1956 ) is an actor , singer and sound engineer .
Zenonas Petrauskas ( June 22 , 1950 -- January 18 , 2009 ) was a Lithuanian lawyer and deputy foreign minister of Lithuania ( 2004 - -2006 ) .
Nadine Leopold grew up in Austria where she was scouted at age 16 .
Anas Osama Mahmoud represented Egypt in the 2012 FIBA Under-17 World Championship .
John McQuilliam ( born 3 August 1962 ) is a Formula One car designer from England .
Andre Heimgartner ( born 8 June 1995 ) is a racing driver from Auckland , New Zealand currently competing in the V8 Supercars Championship for Super Black Racing .
Zebastian Lucky Luisi ( born 22 December 1984 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand rugby league player who has competed in the Auckland Rugby League competition , his most recent club being the Howick Hornets .
Colonel Paul Manueli is a former Commander of the Royal Fiji Military Forces , a former Fiji Cabinet minister , Senator and successful businessman .
Kay Gregory is a journalist and former presenter at Television New Zealand .
Stan Zemanek ( 29 May 1947 -- 12 July 2007 ) was an Australian radio broadcaster who presented a popular night time show on 2UE Sydney and which was networked across parts of Australia via Southern Cross .
Although Ellie Goulding signed to Polydor Records in July 2009 , her debut single , `` Under the Sheets '' , was released through the independent label Neon Gold Records as a deliberately low - key debut , appearing digitally in the United Kingdom on 15 November 2009 .
Aert Schouman or Aart Schouman ( 4 March 1710 - 7 May 1792 ) was an 18th - century painter from the Northern Netherlands .
Menaye Donkor ( born 20 March 1981 ) is a Canadian - born Ghanaian businesswoman , entrepreneur , philanthropist , and former beauty queen who was named Miss Universe Ghana 2004 , and represented Ghana in Miss Universe 2004 , and got a fast track to the quarter - finals .
Akhtar Mohiuddin ( born in Chaman , Pakistan ) , is the head coach of Pakistan national football team .
Sis Ram Ola ( 30 July 1927 -- 15 December 2013 ) was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Recha Sternbuch was the wife of Yitzchak Sternbuch , a businessman in Montreux , Switzerland .
Nejat Alp ( born 1952,in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish musician who plays synth - driven Turkish ambient folk .
Samuel Dyer 台約爾 ( 20 February 1804 -- 24 October 1843 ) , was a British Protestant Christian missionary to China in the Congregationalist tradition , who worked among the Chinese in Malaysia .
In 2012 , the Writers ' Trust of Canada awarded Paul Yee the Vicky Metcalf Award for Literature for Young People in recognition of having `` contributed uniquely and powerfully to our literary landscape over a writing career that spans almost 30 years '' .
Dr. Moses Odaro holds the degrees of BSc Hons ( Econs ) from the University of Nigeria , Nsukka ( 1965 ) , M.A.(Econs ) from McGill University in Montreal , Canada ( 1968 ) , and PhD ( Econs ) from the University of Ottawa , also in Canada ( 1971 ) .
Born in Genoa , Emilio Caprile was the youngest player on Italy 's 1950 World Cup team , but one of four players who did n't see any action .
Tatiana Panina Shishkova ( born 20 December 1969 ) is a former road cyclist from Moldova , as of 2008 she is from Russia and since 2010 she is representing Belarus .
Povilas Aksomaitis ( b. March 29 , 1938 in Kaunas -- d. August 23 , 2004 ) was a Lithuanian engineer , politician , and signatory of the 1990 Act of the Re - Establishment of the State of Lithuania .
Eduardo Barrón was born in a village in Colonial Cuba and his family moved to Spain towards the turn of the century , settling in Madrid .
Darren McDonald is an Australian news anchor known for his work on Australia 's Seven Network and New Zealand 's TV3 .
Peter Shalulile ( born 23 March 1993 ) is a Namibian footballer who plays as a left - back for Tura Magic ( The Magicians ) football club in the Namibia Premier League and Namibia 's national U/20 soccer team .
Anders Nilsen Wiborg ( c. 1655 -- 1718 ) was the fourth commander of the Christiansfjell Fortress in Norway .
Raja Sayyid Muhammad Baquar Ali Khan ( 1842 - 1902 ) C.I.E. , the Mir of Kotaha and the Raja of Pindriwal was a noted zamindar and philanthropist from Pindrawal in North - West Frontier Province of British India
Berthe - Evelyne Agbo is a writer from Benin who has published poems in French .
Muhaimin Iskandar ( born in Jombang , East Java , 24 September 1966 ) has been the Minister of Manpower and Transmigration of the Republic of Indonesia since 22 October 2009 .
The Official Papuan Collection , National Museum of Australia , over 3,000 items collected by Sir Hubert Murray for the Australian Territory of Papua , between 1907 and 1933 , held in the National Museum of Australia .
A fan of Thoroughbred horse racing , Sir Victor Sassoon owned a highly successful stable of horses that won numerous prestigious races in the United Kingdom .
Dr. Victor Omololu Olunloyo ( born 1935 ) is a mathematician who became governor of Oyo State in Nigeria in October 1983 , holding the office briefly until the military regime of Muhammadu Buhari took power in December 1983 .
Fritz Aanes ( born July 20 , 1978 ) is a Greco - Roman wrestler from Narvik , Norway .
Laszlo Witt ( born April , 1933 in Budapest , Hungary , died December 27 , 2005 in Toronto , Canada ) was a Hungarian - Canadian International Master of chess .
Arash Afshin ( Persian : آرش افشین‎‎ , born January 21 , 1989 ) is an Iranian footballer who currently plays for Malavan in the Iran Pro League .
Giuseppe Antonicelli ( 1897 - 10 March 1980 ) was an Italian conductor who was highly active with Italy 's leading opera houses from the 1920s through the 1950s .
Amrolah Saberi ( Persian : امراله صابری ‎ , born 1941 in Tonekabon , Iran ) is an Iranian actor .
Brandon O'Neill ( born 12 April 1994 in Perth , Australia ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defensive midfielder who plays for Australian A - League club Sydney FC .
Tadhg Murphy ( born 1956 in Glanmire , County Cork , Ireland ) is an Irish former sportsperson .
Suchon Sa - nguandee ( Thai : สุชนม์ สงวนดี ; born March 10 1982 ) or formerly Chalakorn Sa - nguandee ( Thai : ชลากร สงวนดี ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Alejandro Cao de Benós de Les y Pérez ( born 1974 ) is , according to himself , the Spanish Special Delegate of North Korea 's Committee for Cultural Relations with Foreign Countries .
Sandra Gugliotta ( born July 13 , 1969 , Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine film director , screenplay writer , and producer .
Mario René Díaz Leyva ( born in Holguín , Cuba , April 13 , 1951 ) is a Cuban photographer .
Marie Bregendahl née Sørensen ( 6 November 1867 -- 22 July 1940 ) was one of Denmark 's most acclaimed authors of rural literature whose novels and short stories were written in a realistic , almost grotesque style .
Peter Borlase ( born 22 May 1985 ) is New Zealand rugby union player .
Eberhard Zangger ( born in 1958 , Kamen , Germany ) is a Swiss geoarchaeologist , corporate communications consultant and publicist .
Francisco de Pando y Armand ( 1900 - 1977 ) was a sugar estate owner in Cuba known for his influential leadership in the Cuban sugar industry .
Ali Tanrıyar ( born 15 March 1914 in Eleftheroupoli , Greece ) is a Turkish politician , former interior minister of Turkey and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray .
Annie Patterson was born in Lurgan , County Armagh , Ireland , and was related through her mother 's family to Lord Macaulay .
Eva Irgl was born in Šempeter near Nova Gorica in western Slovenia , then part of former Yugoslavia .
Hein Zar Aung ( Burmese : ဟိန်းရာဇာအောင် born 28 June 1990 ) is a footballer from Myanmar .
Sanee Rohana Kodithuvakku ( born 15 February 1961 ) is a Sri Lankan politician and member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Ash Nair 's debut album , titled Chameleon , consists of ten tracks , two in Bahasa Malaysia and the rest in English .
Deji Afolabi Ayanleke was the acting Military Governor of Kwara State from 1988 to 1990 , during the military regime of Major General Ibrahim Babangida in the Nigeria government .
Radovan Jelašić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радован Јелашић , Hungarian : Jelasity Radován ; born 19 February 1968 in Baja , Hungary ) is a Serbian economist who was the Governor of the National Bank of Serbia from 2004 to 2010 .
Samir Mammadov ( Azerbaijani : Samir Məmmədov ; born May 15 , 1988 ) is a boxer from Azerbaijan , who won the silver medal in the men 's flyweight division ( -- 51 kg ) at the 2006 European Championships in Bulgaria and bronze at the 2007 World Championships .
Jorge Galván ( born April 1966 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican writer and engineer .
Fujiwara no Ikushi ( 1146 - -1173 ) was an Empress consort of Japan .
Margus Reinsalu ( born 20 November 1960 ) is an Estonian entrepreneur and the Moroccan honorary consul in Estonia .
Itumeleng Sekwale ( born 5 January 1983 in Mohlakeng , South Africa ) is a South African soccer player .
Alexander Vargas Blay , better known as Alex Vargas , is a singer , songwriter and producer born in Holte , Denmark on 17 February 1988 to a Danish / English mother and Uruguayan father .
Robert Carlsson ( born July 2 , 1974 in Uppsala , Sweden ) is a retired ice hockey forward who played eleven seasons for the Timrå IK , the last eight of them in the Swedish Elitserien league .
Metin Boşnak has a BA in TEFL from College of Education , 19 Mayıs University , Samsun , Turkey .
Joanne Kelly was born in Bay d'Espoir , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Oleg Yesayan ( Armenian : Օլեգ Եսայան ; born 12 November 1946 ) is an Armenian politician and diplomat and is the current Ambassador of Armenia to Russia , presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 5 February 2010 .
Michael Cutajar ( born 14 February 1971 , Malta ) was a professional footballer who played for Rabat Ajax , Birkirkara , Marsaxlokk , Marsa and Dingli Swallows .
Eric Hawthorne ( born 1963 ) is a Scottish - born software developer living in Burnaby , British Columbia , Canada .
Tabatha Cash ( born December 27 , 1973 ) is the stage name of a French former pornographic actress and currently the editor in chief of France 's Hot Video magazine as well as the head of the Hot Video group .
Artem Radchenko ( Ukrainian : Артем Олегович Радченко ; born 2 January 1995 in Kharkiv , in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder .
Adolf Klose ( 1844 - -1923 ) was the chief engineer of the Royal Württemberg State Railways in southern Germany from June 1885 to 1896 .
Ernesto Marcel ( born 23 May 1948 , in Panama City , Panama ) is a retired Panamanian boxer .
Frank País Pesqueira ( December 7 , 1934 -- July 30 , 1957 ) was a Cuban revolutionary who campaigned for the overthrow of General Fulgencio Batista 's government in Cuba .
Prior to acting , Ganesh Venkatraman was a successful model and had been a winner of Gladrags Mr. India 2003 and been a representative for India in Mr. World 2004 .
Kunchacko was born to Mani Chacko Maliampurackal and Eliyamma in Pulinkunnoo , Alappuzha , Kerala , India in 1912 .
Eskil Rønningsbakken ( born 24 June 1979 ) is an extreme artist from Vallset in Stange , Norway .
Max Meazza(born Milan , Italy 19 May 1952 ) is a singer / songwriter and recording artist for Polydor Records and Ariola Records APPALOOSA Records Meazza is a former member of the country rock band PUEBLO , which was produced by La Bionda .
Zuhal Sultan ( Arabic : زحل سلطان‎ ; born 1991 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi pianist and activist .
Eulogia Echaurren García - Huidobro ( 1830 - -1887 ) was First Lady of Chile and the wife of President Federico Errázuriz Zañartu .
Puran Chand Joshi ( Hindi : पूरन चन्द जोशी ) ( born 14 April 1907 , Almora -- died 9 November 1980 , Delhi ) , one of the early leaders of the communist movement in India .
Ralph Tate ( 11 March 1840 -- 20 September 1901 ) was a British - born botanist and geologist , who was later active in Australia .
In Norway , the name Bjarte Flem has become eponymous for a goalkeeper making a huge mistake .
Heidi Andersson ( born 27 February 1981 , in the locality of Ensamheten ( English : `` Solitude '' ) , Storuman , Sweden ) is a Swedish armwrestler .
Devyani Rana was the prospective fiancée of the Crown Prince Dipendra of Nepal .
Shamsuddin Abul Kalam ( Bengali : শামসুদ্দিন আবুল কালাম ; 1926 - -1997 ) , was an actor and an author of Bengali literature in Bangladesh .
Adela Navarro Bello ( born 1968 in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico ) is a Mexican journalist and the general director of the Tijuana weekly magazine Zeta .
Klaus Klaffenböck ( born 24 July 1968 in Peuerbach , Austria ) is an Austrian World Champion in the FIM World Sidecar Championship , and former team - principal of Klaffi Honda World Superbike squad running Alex Barros , Frankie Chili and Max Neukirchner .
Attar Singh Saini is a cinematographer based in Mumbai , India .
Savannah King ( born June 4 , 1992 ) is a competition swimmer from Canada , who competes primarily in the freestyle events .
Juan Nepomucino Goetz ( German : Johannes Nepomuk Goetz ) was an Austrian Catholic priest whose arrival in Cuba led to two extraordinary controversies .
Nicolas Florine , born Nikolay Florin ( 19 July 1891 -- 21 January 1972 ) , was an engineer that built the first tandem rotor helicopter to fly freely in Belgium in 1933 .
But all the while they are being stalked by an insane mass hysteria that sees them as outsiders C K Meena takes the readers on a roller coaster ride through the love and hate , gentleness and brutality that is metropolitan India .
Manjusha Kulkarni - Patil was born in Sangli , Maharashtra , India on 2nd Nov.1971 in a family of musicians .
Jukka Setälä ( born 24 February 1967 , Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish designer .
Federica Sallusto ( born 27 November 1961 in Naples , Italy ) is an Italian biologist and immunologist .
Rossana Reguillo is the daughter of a chiapaneca woman and a republican , communist madrileño who claimed refugee status in Mexico .
Yuh Myung - woo ( Hangul : 유명우 , Hanja : 柳明佑 ) ( born January 10 , 1964 in Seoul , South Korea ) is a South Korean former 2-time WBA light flyweight boxing champion .
William Kamm , also known as The Little Pebble ( born 1950 in Cologne , Germany ) , is the leader of a religious group in Australia and is currently serving a prison term after being convicted of the rape and assault of a teenager in 1993 .
Seizing Koumbi Saleh , the capital of the recently defunct Ghana Empire , Soumaoro Kanté proceeded to conquer several neighboring states , including the Mandinka people in what is now Mali .
Music Director of Orchestra London Canada , l’Orchestre Symphonique de Laval , as well as Principal Guest Conductor of the Victoria Symphony Orchestra , Alain Trudel is one of the most sought after conductors on the Canadian Scene .
Véronic DiCaire ( born in Embrun , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian Franco - Ontarian singer and impressionist .
Ovidiu Iuliu Moldovan died of cancer at the age of 66 at a hospital in Bucharest , Romania , on March 12 , 2008 .
Luiz Carlos Dórea Barreto ( born March 7 , 1965 ) is a boxing and mixed martial arts trainer from Brazil and is also a retired boxer .
Tang Kwong Hau ( Chinese : 鄧廣豪 ; Jyutping : dang6 gwong2 hou4 ; born 9 September 1969 ) is a Hong Kong fencer .
Aizaz bin Ilyas Cheema known as Aizaz Cheema ( born 5 September 1979 in Sargodha ) is an international cricketer from Pakistan .
Prashant Thakur started studying civil engineering but did n't continue after second year ( bachelor 's degree in engineering takes at least 4 years in India ) .
Noël Juchereau , Sieur des Chatelets ( 30 August 1593 - about 31 July 1648 ) was an early pioneer in New France ( now Québec , Canada ) , and a member of the Company of One Hundred Associates .
Mohamed Guezzaz ( Arabic : محمد كزاز‎ ) ( born October 1 , 1962 ) is a retired football ( soccer ) referee from Morocco , best known for supervising match Spain--
Commins Menapi ( born 18 September 1977 ) is a Solomon Islands striker , who is currently a Marist FC player .
Hilda Sehested was born in Funen , Denmark , of parents Niels Frederik Bernhard Sehested ( 1813 - -82 ) , an archeologist , and Charlotte Christine Linde ( 1819 - -94 ) .
Ali Joego ( Soewandi Spelling Ali Jugo ; Perfected Spelling : Ali Yugo ; 17 March 1907 -- 18 February 1970 ) was a stage and film actor and director active in the Dutch East Indies and Indonesia .
Taavi Varm studied at the Tallinn Art Gymnasium ( Estonia ) in 1991 - 1997 .
Mark Dornford - May ( born 29 September 1955 ) is an English theatre and film director , now based in South Africa .
Myrna Braza ( born 3 November 1983 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian singer , composer , and the younger sister of dancer and singer Belinda Braza .
Henryk Lipp is a well - known Swedish musician , songwriter and music producer from Gothenburg , Sweden .
Emperor Magus Caligula ( Magnus `` Masse '' Broberg ; born 23 May 1973 in Ludvika , Sweden ) is an extreme metal musician best known as the former vocalist , bassist and lyricist of Swedish black metal band Dark Funeral , performing for the band between 1996 and 2010 .
Tanit Jitnukul ( Thai : ธนิตย์ จิตนุกูล , born in 1956 in Songkhla Province , Thailand ) is a Thai film director , screenwriter and producer .
Thamer Nayef al - Hathal ( b. ~1973 ) is , as of 2004 , the mayor of the town of Nukhayb , Al Anbar Province , Iraq .
Jaime Roldós Aguilera ( November 5 , 1940 -- May 24 , 1981 ) was President of Ecuador from August 10 , 1979 until his death on May 24 , 1981 .
Merata Mita , CNZM ( 19 June 1942 -- 31 May 2010 ) was a significant filmmaker in New Zealand as well as a key figure in the growth of the Māori screen industry .
General Salvador Castaneda Castro ( 6 August 1888 - 5 March 1965 ) was President of El Salvador from 1 March 1945 to 14 December 1948 .
Vernon Corea ( 11 September 1927 -- 23 September 2002 ) was a pioneer radio broadcaster with 45 years of public service broadcasting both in Sri Lanka and the UK .
Ram Shanker Vijaya Mogan ( born 17 June 1985 in Singapore ) is a Singaporean footballer who plays for Balestier Khalsa Football Club .
Fathur Rahman al - Ghozi ( 17 February 1971 in Indonesia -- October 2003 in the Philippines ) was a key operative and bomb - maker of the Islamic militant Jemaah Islamiya group ( JI ) .
Sergio Amidei ( 30 October 1904 -- 14 April 1981 ) was an Italian screenwriter and an important figure in Italy 's neorealist movement .
Didier Ruef ( born 1961 ) is a Swiss documentary photographer best known for his portrayal of Man & Waste , Man & Animals , Africa and Switzerland .
Gilbert Fiamenyo is a football player for Heart of Lions of the Ghana Premier League .
Frans Hemerijckx ( 1902 - 1969 ) was a Flemish leprologist , humanist and the founder of the Damien Foundation in Belgium , a non profit non governmental organization engaged in providing treatment and rehabilitation services to people afflicted with leprosy .
Frank Wormuth ( born 13 September 1960 in West Berlin ) is a former German footballer who is now coach of the Germany U-20 team .
Mario Fargetta ( born 19 July 1962 , Lissone , Milan , Italy ) is an Italian dance / house / electronica / techno DJ , producer , recording artist , composer , and remixer .
Alexandre Allard ( born 11 October 1969 in Washington , D.C. ) is a French businessman known for the creation and the sale of Consodata and the restoration of the legendary Palace - Hotel Royal Monceau in Paris , France .
Jean de Joinville ( c. May 1 , 1224 -- 24 December 1317 ) was one of the great chroniclers of medieval France .
Stuart Meha ( 29 December 1878 --7 November 1963 ) was a New Zealand farmer and local Mormon leader .
Joey Matenga Ashton ( 3 June 1907 - -8 November 1993 ) was a New Zealand railway worker , sportsman , dance band leader .
He was born in Bertie Township in Welland County , Upper Canada in 1832 , the son of Jacob Baxter , former reeve of Bertie .
Michael Galvin is a New Zealand actor , singer and playwright , well known for his role as Dr. Chris Warner on the soap opera Shortland Street , a character he has played almost continuously since the show 's debut in 1992 , and remains the only original cast member .
Betty Lise ( born 5 September 1972 in Fort de France , Martinique ) is a retired French triple jumper .
Eja ( born Siti Shahrizah bt Saifuddin on 18 January 1972 at Kuala Kubu Baru , Selangor , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian actress of television and film .
Together with Friedrich von Borries Matthias Böttger was 2008 the general commissioner and curator for the German contribution `` Updating Germany - 100 Projects for a Better Future '' to the XI . International Venice Biennale of Architecture .
Hugo Rafael Soto ( born 16 August 1967 in Catamarca , Argentina ) is a former professional boxer .
Kaleb `` K.One '' Vitale is a New Zealand rapper , currently signed to Illegal Musik .
Justice E. N. P. Sowah was the Chief Justice of Ghana from 1986 to 1990 .
Lorne Lofsky is a jazz guitarist in Toronto , Canada .
Mohamed Ibrahim Mostafa ( Arabic : محمد إبراهيم مصطفى ‎ , other transliterations include : Mohammad , Muhammad , Ibraheem , Mustafa , Mustapha ) ( born 2 July 1979 in Alexandria , Egypt ) is an Egyptian Internet activist and IT consultant with an interest in political reform , human rights and social media .
Kaisha Atakhanova ( born 18 July 1957 ) is a biologist from Karaganda , Kazakhstan , specializing in the genetic effects of nuclear radiation .
Johann George Tromlitz ( November 8 , 1725 -- February 4 , 1805 ) , born at Reinsdorf , near Artern , Germany , was a flautist , flute maker and composer .
Íñigo Rey ( born May 19 , 1984 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer who currently plays for Irapuato in the Ascenso MX league in Mexico .
Christian Hellmich was born in 1977 in Düsseldorf , Germany and is among the latest wave of young German artists to make their mark on the New York art scene .
Alexander Binder ( * 1969 in Bad Ischl , Upper Austria ) is an Austrian film director , cameraman and film producer .
Jean de La Forêt departed together with the returning Ottoman embassy to France .
Júlio Silva ( born on 1 July 1979 ) is a professional tennis player from Brazil who turned professional in 1999 .
Petri Purho ( born 1983 in Kouvola , Finland ) is a Finnish computing science student and rapid game prototyper .
Füsun Önal ( March . 11 . 1947-Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish pop music singer , theatre actress , and writer .
Matang Sinh is a leader of Indian National Congress and a former union minister of India .
Chahida Ben Fraj Bouraoui , ( born 1 September 1960 in Monastir , Tunisia ) is an engineer and politician .
André Gagnon , OC , a renowned Canadian composer , conductor , arranger , and actor was born 2 August 1936 in Saint - Pacôme - de - Kamouraska , Quebec , Canada .
Antoinette Quinche ( 1896 - -1979 ) was a Swiss feminist and politician ( Free Democratic Party of Switzerland ) .
Don Domingo Ordoñana ( 1829 - 1897 ) , was a prominent rancher in Soriano Department in Uruguay .
Idriss Ndele Moussa Yayami ( 17 April 1959 in Faya - Largeau , Chad , Africa -- 20 May 2013 ) was the president of the African Union 's Pan - African Parliament from 2009 - -2012 .
Ognjen Vranješ ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Врањеш ; born 24 October 1989 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Spanish club Sporting Gijón and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team .
Louis Daly Irving Austin ( 20 February 1877 -- 7 April 1967 ) was a New Zealand pianist , music teacher , conductor , composer and critical gadfly .
Margo Rey was born in Acapulco , Mexico and grew up in Arlington and Dallas , Texas , the youngest of five children in the family .
Pene Taka Tuaia ( ? -- 3 July 1889 ) was a New Zealand warrior , military engineer and land protester .
Aleksander Arendt ( 6 December 1912 , Będargowo - 2002 ) was an activist of the Kashubians and Pomeranians ( ethnic groups in northern Poland ) .
Hampton Neil Dansie OAM ( born 2 July 1928 ) is a former first - class cricketer and long - term administrator for South Australia .
Antje Duvekot ( /ˈɑːntjə ˈduːvəkɑːt/ AUNT - yuh DOO - va - kott ; born 1976 in Heidelberg , Germany ) is a singer - songwriter and guitarist based in Somerville , Massachusetts .
Lidia Ávila ( born Lidia Erika Ávila Beltrán on September 13 , 1979 in Puebla , Puebla , Mexico ) is a Mexican singer and actress .
Thomas Hauert ( born 1967 in Schnottwil , Switzerland ) is a Swiss dancer and choreographer , leader of the Brussels - based company ZOO / Thomas Hauert .
Eli Maor , an Israel - born historian of mathematics , is the author of several books about the history of mathematics .
Renata Kusmanto ( born 7 November 1982 ) is a model and actress from Indonesia .
Larysa Berezhna ( Ukrainian : Лариса Бережна , also Russian : Лариса Бережная - Larisa Berezhnaya ; born February 28 , 1961 ) is a retired long jumper who represented USSR and later Ukraine .
Siddique Shameer is an Indian film director , writer , and novelist , born in Kodungallur , district Thrishur , Kerala , India .
Thủy Tiên is a Vietnamese language pop singer from southern Vietnam .
Vartan Oskanian ( Armenian : Վարդան Օսկանյան ; born February 7 , 1955 ) is former Foreign Minister of Armenia ( 1998 - -2008 ) and founder of the Civilitas Foundation .
Luis Razetti ( Caracas , Venezuela , September 10 , 1862 - May 14 , 1932 ) was a surgeon , who supported and managed a number of advances in the progress of Venezuelan medicine .
Paul Becker is an actor , director , choreographer , and producer best known for choreographing `` Descendants ( 2015 film ) '' , Mirror Mirror , Twilight , and Diary of a Wimpy Kid ( film ) , and producing `` Canada 's Got Talent '' .
Ghazi Kanaan ( 1942 -- 12 October 2005 ) ( Arabic : غازي كنعان‎ ; transliterations vary ) , also known as Abu Yo'roub , was Syria 's Interior Minister from 2004 to 2005 , and long - time head of Syria 's security apparatus in Lebanon .
Alice Edun is a singer who is of Nigerian - Russian descent but makes her home in Milan , Italy .
Evan McMillan ( born 20 November 1986 ) is a footballer , currently Player - coach of League of Ireland club UCD He is able to play as both a centre back and a striker .
Carmen Romo Sepúlveda was the mayor of Quilicura , Región Metropolitana , Chile , a large and bustling suburb of over 126,000 people in the Santiago de Chile metropolitan area since 1992 .
Hannaliis Jaadla ( born 12 July 1986 ) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a defender for English club Oxford United and for the Estonia national team .
Aaron McIntosh ( born 7 January 1972 in Auckland ) is a sailor from New Zealand who won a Bronze medal at 2000 in Sydney .
Emmanuel Kipchirchir Mutai ( born 12 October 1984 ) is a long distance runner from Kenya , who specialises in marathons .
Egbert Schuurman ( born July 23 , 1937 ) is a Dutch engineer , philosopher , politician for the Christian Union , and Emeritus Professor of Philosophy in the Netherlands .
Peter Hartmann ( born 19 June 1921 , Hamburg , Germany ; died 14 November 2007 , Geneva , Switzerland ) was a Swiss sculptor known for his bronze sculptures installed in public spaces in Geneva .
He emigrated from Hungary to the United States in 1950 , and he simplified his name to Ivan Boszormenyi - Nagy at the time of his naturalization as a US citizen .
Anna Glazkova ( born July 29 , 1981 in Salihorsk ) is a Belarus rhythmic gymnast .
Born in 1944 in Kita , Mali , Doumbi Fakoly spent his childhood in Senegal .
Volodymyr Yelchenko ( Ukrainian : Володимир Єльченко ; born June 27 , 1959 in Kyiv , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations since December 9 , 2015 .
Ľuboš Križko ( born August 9 , 1979 ) is an Olympic swimmer from Trenčín , Slovakia who competes in men 's 100 meter backstroke .
Carmen García González ( 1905 -- May 13 , 1980 ) was first lady of Mexico .
Markus Bott ( born 13 January 1962 in Pforzheim , Germany ) is a former boxer .
Amyr Klink ( born September 25 , 1955 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is an explorer and sailor .
Andrew Snoid born Andrew McLennan is a New Zealand musician , singer , and songwriter .
Dewi Driegen ( born in Amsterdam , the Netherlands on 15 September 1982 ) , is a Dutch model .
Ikram Khan is a famous sarangi player from Jaipur , India .
Fernão Mendes Pinto was born in about 1509 , in Montemor - o - Velho , Portugal to a poor rural family ( or perhaps to a family of minor nobility who had fallen on hard times ) .
Petra Buzková is living in Prague ( Czech Republic ) with her husband Josef Kotrba who is a financial advisor .
Lars Pirak ( July 27 , 1932 -- October 2 , 2008 ) was a Lule and North Sámi artist , yoiker and duodji master from Jokkmokk , Sweden .
Sylvie Bernier , CM , CQ ( born January 31 , 1964 ) is an Olympic athlete from Sainte - Foy , Quebec in Canada .
Born in Achstetten , Germany in 1870 , Oscar Ameringer came to America at the age of 15 .
Rashid Rehman ( 13 October 1958 -- 7 May 2014 ) was a regional coordinator for the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan ( HRCP ) .
Alberto Acereda was born in Calahorra ( La Rioja ( Spain ) ) in 1965 .
Basilio Vadillo ( 14 July 1885 , Zapotlán , Jalisco , Mexico -- 25 July 1935 , Montevideo , Uruguay ) was an educator and politician who served briefly as Governor of the Mexican State of Jalisco ( 1921 - -22 ) .
' Emanuele Viscuso , ( born 24 December 1952 in Palermo , Italy ) is a sculptor , a musician , a designer and a cultural promoter .
Bonivert Claude ( born February 2 , 1945 , in Torbeck , Les Cayes , Haiti ) is a former governor of the Banque de la République d'Haïti and a presidential candidate in the 2000 and 2006 Haitian elections .
Born Chukwudi Echezona Chukwujekwu on November 4 , 1983 in Benin City , Edo State , Nigeria to Dr I.E and Evangelist J.C Chukwujekwu , Blossom Chukwujekwu is the first of two sons .
Aira Marketta Kokkonen ( born 1946 ) was City Manager / Mayor of Espoo , the second largest city in Finland , from 1995 to 2010 .
Nowa Omoigui attended Corona primary school , St Saviors Primary School , and St Mary 's Primary School , all in Lagos , Nigeria .
François Villeroy de Galhau ( born 24 February 1959 ) is a French bank executive and haut fonctionnaire ( higher civil servant ) , Governor of the Bank of France since 1 November 2015 .
Malik Bouziane ( Arabic : مالك بوزيان‎ ) ( born January 11 , 1978 ) is a retired boxer from Algeria .
Kafil Ahmed ( Bengali : কফিল আহমেদ ) ( born September 1 , 1962 in Kishoreganj , Bangladesh ) is a poet , singer , and painter of Bangladesh of contemporary age .
Sigri Mitra Gaïni ( Persian : سیگری میترا قائنی ) ( born 1975 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Faroese poet , actress and school teacher .
Dr. Sri Sri Sri Shivakumara Swamiji ( Kannada:ಡಾ.ಶಿವಕುಮಾರ ಸ್ವಾಮೀಜಿ ) ( born April 1 , 1907 ) is the head of Sree Siddaganga Mutt in Tumkur District , South India and founder of the Sri Siddaganga Education Society .
Otto Abt was born in 1903 in Binningen in the Canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland .
Hugo Zemp ( born 14 May 1937 , Basle , Switzerland ) is a Swiss - French ethnomusicologist .
Mladen Plakalović ( born September 25 , 1991 ) is a cross - country skier from Bosnia and Herzegovina who has competed since 2007 .
Dušan Moravčík represented Czechoslovakia in three editions of the Summer Olympics ( 1972 , 1976 and 1980 ) .
Thamsanqa Mahlangu ( DEAD 5 October 2015 ) a former MDC politician , was also the Zimbabwe Deputy Minister of Youth Development , Indigenisation and Empowerment .
Andriy Kruhlyak ( Russian : Андрей Кругляк ) ( born 22 April 1986 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a football striker from Ukraine .
Idrak Abbasov ( born c. 1976 ) is an Azerbaijani journalist who works for the newspaper Zerkalo , one of Azerbaijan 's few newspapers not controlled by the government of President Ilham Aliyev .
Marelisa Gibson Villegas ( born 26 August 1988 ) is a Venezuelan designer , model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Venezuela 2009 and represented Venezuela at Miss Universe 2010 .
Abderraouf Ayadi ( Tunisian Arabic : عبد الرؤوف العيادي‎ ; born 12 February 1950 in Manouba , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian human rights activist , politician and lawyer .
Hans Olof Holmström , born 15 October 1784 in Ösmo Parish , Sweden , dead 27 August 1855 in Uppsala , Sweden was a Swedish bishop within the Church of Sweden .
Cui Xiaodi ( Chinese : 崔晓迪 , born March 7 , 1989 ) is a Chinese ski mountaineer , and member of the national selection of the People 's Republic of China .
Chitra Subramaniam Duella is an Indian journalist and one of India 's best known media personalities .
Lissette was born March 10 , 1947 , in Lima , Peru , at a time when her parents , Cuban TV stars Olga Chorens and Tony Álvarez ( Olga y Tony ) , were touring South America .
Ann Vriend is a Canadian singer - songwriter and pianist based in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada in the neighborhood of McCauley .
Gustavo Rodas ( born 16 January 1986 in Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer who is currently unemployed .
Albert Jan van den Berg is a former President ( 2003 - 2010 ) and Secretary - General ( 1980 - 1988 ) of the Netherlands Arbitration Institute ( NAI ) in Rotterdam and a former Vice - President of the London Court of International Arbitration ( LCIA ) ( 1998 - 2002 ) .
Shah Abdul Karim ( February 15 , 1916 -- September 12 , 2009 ) was a Baul musician from Bangladesh .
Giada Trebeschi ( born August 8 , 1973 in Reggio Emilia , Italy ) is an Italian author of historical novels , theater plays and screenplays .
Béla Drahos ( born 1955 in Kaposvár , Hungary ) is a Hungarian conductor and flautist .
Boglárka Csemer ( born 30 November 1986 in Budapest , Hungary ) , professionally known as Boggie , is a Hungarian pop vocalist and songwriter .
Arsala Jamal ( 1966 -- October 15 , 2013 ) ( also anglicised as Arsallah Jamal ) was an Afghan government official , who served as governor of the provinces of Khost and Logar in Afghanistan .
Tante Leen ( English : Auntie Leen , January 28 , 1912 -- August 5 , 1992 ) , real name Helena Kok - Polder , later Helena Jansen - Polder , was a Dutch folk singer from Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Len Holmes ( born in Australia ) was a rugby league player for the Canterbury Bulldogs and for the New South Wales Rugby League team in the 1940s .
Manmohan Acharya is a poet and lyricist from India .
Susanne Alfvengren ( born Susanne Irene Lund , 12 February 1959 in Visby , Gotland , Sweden ) is a Swedish singer .
Marie - France Gaîté ( born 17 July 1941 in Lyon , France -- died 18 January 1968 ) , better known as Gribouille was a singer , musician , and song writer .
Benoit Gaudet ( born December 18 , 1979 in Drummondville , Quebec , Canada ) is a professional Canadian boxer in the Lightweight division .
Brigadier General ( Ret ) Adam Sowa ( born 29 June 1957 in Kraków , Poland ) was the deputy chief executive of the European Defence Agency .
Antoni Macierewicz ( born August 3 , 1948 ) is the Minister of National Defence for Poland .
John Macmillan Brown ( 5 May 1845 -- 18 January 1935 ) was a Scottish - New Zealand academic , administrator and promoter of education for women .
Ayatollah Gholamreza Rezvani ( born ? - April 20 , 2013 ) was a member of the Council of Guardians in the Islamic Republic of Iran .
Herlinatiens ( born Herlina Tien Suhesti ; Ngawi , Indonesia April 26 , 1982 ) is an author from Indonesia .
Carl Malcolm ( born July 1952 , Black River , St. Elizabeth , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican reggae singer and percussionist .
Manfred Pohl is an honorary professor at the Goethe University Frankfurt , Germany .
Tesfai Ghirmazion was the first Minister of Agriculture of Eritrea and moved in 1997 to the Ministry of Land , Water , and Environment as its first Minister .
Fantamady Keita ( born 25 September 1949 ) is a former Malian international footballer who was the leading scorer in the 1972 African Cup of Nations , scoring five goals as Mali reached the final .
Cornelia Bürki ( born October 3 , 1953 in Humansdorp , South Africa ) is a retired long - distance runner who represented Switzerland in three consecutive Olympic Games , starting in 1980 , with her best result being fifth in the 1984 3000 metres final .
Walter Potter ( 2 July 1835 -- 21 May 1918 ) was an English taxidermist noted for his anthropomorphic dioramas featuring mounted animals mimicking human life , which he displayed at his museum in Bramber , Sussex , England .
Alessandro Pistone ( born 27 July 1975 in Milan , Italy ) is a former Italian footballer , who played as a fullback .
Dušan Jelinčič ( born 1953 ) is a writer and a journalist from the community of Slovene minority in Italy from Trieste , Italy .
Oka Rusmini ( Ida Ayu Oka Rusmini ) , the poet and novelist , was born on 11 July 1967 in Jakarta , Indonesia .
Raimund Emmanuel Parcon Marasigan , ( born May 22 , 1971 ) or simply known as Raimund Marasigan , is a Rock musician and record producer in the Philippines .
Jukka Kuoppamäki ( b. 1 September 1942 in Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish singer , songwriter and priest for The Christian Community in Germany .
Dejenee Regassa Mootumaa ( born 18 April 1989 ) is an Ethiopian - born long - distance runner who competes internationally for Bahrain .
Neva Krysteva ( Bulgarian : Нева Кръстева ) , born on August 2 , 1946 in Sofia , Bulgaria , is a Bulgarian organist and also professor of music , pedagogue and composer .
Masayoshi Manabe ( 真鍋 政義 Manabe Masayoshi , born August 21 , 1963 in Himeji , Hyōgo ) is a former volleyball player from Japan , who played as a setter for the Men 's National Team in the 1980s and 90s .
Meor Aziddin Yusof ( born 1967 in Bruas , Perak ) , popularly known as Meor , is an independent Malay language folk singer - songwriter from Malaysia .
Anna Wroblewski ( born c.1985 in Vietnam ) is an American professional poker player , with multiple live tournament results that add up to over $ 1 million in career earnings .
Arthur Marshall Stoneham , FRS ( May 18 , 1940 Barrow , Cumbria , UK-- February 18 , 2011 ) , known as Marshall Stoneham , was a British physicist who worked for the United Kingdom Atomic Energy Authority , and from 1995 was Massey professor of physics at University College London .
Henri Privat - Livemont ( 1861 - -1936 ) was an artist born in Schaerbeek , Brussels , Belgium .
Helen Varley Jamieson is a digital media artist , playwright , performer , director and producer from New Zealand .
Vilhjálmur Árnason ( born in Iceland 1953 ) is professor of philosophy at the University of Iceland .
Abu al - Misk Kafur ( 905 - -968 ) , also called al - Laithi , al - Suri , al - Labi was a dominant personality of Ikhshidid Egypt and Syria .
Otto - Raúl González ( January 1 , 1921 in Guatemala City -- June 23 , 2007 in Mexico City ) was a Guatemalan writer , poet , and lawyer .
Daniel Hoffmann ( born 27 October 1971 in Rostock , East Germany ) is a German football coach and a former player .
Nacho Chapado ( Jose Ignacio Chapado ) is a Dj and producer born in Barcelona , Spain in 1970
Kim Dong - kil ( Hangul : 김동길 ; hanja : 金東吉 ; born May 19 , 1963 in Damyang , Jeollanam - do , South Korea ) is a former South Korean amateur boxer .
Wes Mannion ( born September 1970 ) is best known from the series The Crocodile Hunter as Steve Irwin 's best friend and director of Australia Zoo .
Ena Gregory ( 18 April 1906 -- 13 June 1993 ) was an Australian motion picture actress from Sydney , Australia .
Anna Bourma ( in Greek Άννα Μπουρμά ) ( born in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek singer of Pontian origin .
Antonio Nóbrega ( born May 2 , 1952 in Recife , Brazil ) is a Brazilian singer , dancer and actor .
Kiraitu Murungi was born on 1 January 1952 in Kionyo village , Abogeta division of Meru District in Eastern Kenya .
Martin Horntveth ( born 20 September 1977 in Tønsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( mainly the drums ) , composer and electronica artist , the younger brother of tubaist Line Horntveth , but best known as the drummer and key member of Jaga Jazzist and The National Bank together with his brother Lars Horntveth .
Charles Bozon , Jr. ( 15 December 1932 -- 7 July 1964 ) was an alpine ski racer and world champion from France .
Admiral T 's album became a hit throughout the West Indies , France and Europe .
Sala Baker ( born September 22 , 1976 ) is an actor and stuntman from Wellington , New Zealand .
Lars Sund ( born 1953 in Jakobstad , Finland ) , is a Finland - Swedish author .
Count Józef Hauke - Bosak ( March 19 , 1834 in Saint Petersburg -- January 21 , 1871 ) was a Polish general in the January Uprising , and commander of the Polish army in Lesser Poland , the closest collaborator of rebellion leader Romuald Traugutt .
Yogendra Tiku ( born 25 July , ) is an Indian film , television and stage actor , born and brought up at Allahabad , India .
Ishmeet Singh ( Punjabi : ਇਸ਼ਮੀਤ ਸਿੰਘ , 2 September 1988 -- 29 July 2008 ) was a winning singer on the STAR Plus show Amul STAR Voice of India .
Héctor Reynoso López ( born October 3 , 1980 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican football defender , who is currently a free agent .
Joseph Malboeuf , dit Beausoleil ( March 11 , 1752 -- December 27 , 1823 ) was a farmer , blacksmith and political figure in Lower Canada .
Crooks & Straights are a country group from Rijeka , Croatia .
Yannick Eijssen ( born 26 June 1989 ) is a Belgian cyclist , born in Leuven , Belgium .
Prof . Dr. Shkëlqim Cani ( born 6 May 1956 ) was Governor of the Bank of Albania , which is the Central Bank of Albania , from August 1997 to October 2004 , when Ardian Fullani took over the position .
Radka Vodičková lives in Jablonec nad Nisou in the North of the Czech Republic and in Hellikon , Switzerland .
Te Keepa Te Rangi - puawhe ( ? --1905 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , soldier and entrepreneur .
Baba Sissoko ( born 8 March 1963 in Bamako , Mali ) is a musician ( tamani , ngoni , kamalengoni , bala , calabass ) and vocalist .
Basil Samuel ( 1912 - -1987 ) was the founder of Great Portland Estates , one the United Kingdom 's largest property businesses .
Aung Kyaw Moe ( Burmese : အောင်ကျော်မိုး , born 2 July 1982 ) is a professional football player from Myanmar .
Yusuf Başer ( born February 4 , 1980 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish karateka competing in the kumite open division .
René El Khazraje ( born 11 September 1976 in Braunschweig , Germany ) best known by his stage name MC Rene is a rapper and stand - up comedian .
Raúl Zurita was born in Santiago de Chile in 1950 , where he spent his childhood and school years .
Amadaiya Rennie ( born 17 March 1990 , in Monrovia , Liberia ) is a Liberian football player , who plays as a forward for Hammarby IF .
Pablo Bartholomew ( born 1955 ) is an award - winning Indian photojournalist and an independent photographer based in New Delhi , India .
Martin Annen ( born 12 February 1974 in Zug , Switzerland ) is a bobsledder who competed from 1996 to 2006 .
Carmelo Garrido Alarcón ( born September 12 , 1971 in Puertollano , Ciudad Real ) is a 5-per - team football player from Spain .
Liam Hess ( born 28 March 1992 ; Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , United Kingdom ) is a British actor .
Graziano Pellè ( Italian pronunciation : ( ɡratˈtsjano pelˈlɛ ) ; born 15 July 1985 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a striker for English club Southampton and the Italy national team .
Nduka Ugbade ( born 6 September 1969 ) is an assistant coach of the Nigeria under-17 national football team and a former football player .
Wiremu Maihi Te Rangikaheke ( ? --1896 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader , scholar and public servant .
Christos Zachopoulos is the former general - secretary of the Ministry of Culture in Greece .
Sten Carl Bielke , born March 14 , 1709 in Stockholm , Sweden , deceased July 13 , 1753 , was a Swedish Friherre , official , scientist and member of the Swedish parliament ( riksdag ) .
Doinall Dhu O'Connor ( 1894 - -1975 ) or Dan , was a New Zealand theatrical manager , concert impresario and businessman .
Manuel Antonio Barrantes Rodríguez is a Costa Rican diplomat and is the current Ambassador of Costa Rica to Russia , presenting his credentials to Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on 29 May 2009 .
Paulo Pedroso ( born 28 May 1965 in Aveiro , Portugal ) is a Portuguese professor , politician , member of the Portuguese Parliament , and former Secretary of State and Minister for Labor and Training from 1999 to 2001 .
Marie - Josée Houle is an accordionist who lives in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada .
Stephany Ortega ( born 15 December 1989 ) is an Uruguayan model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Uruguay 2010 .
João Fernandes de Andrade ( 1470s--1527 ) was a Portuguese noblemen , member of the Court of Afonso V and John II of Portugal .
According to Interfax , `` Lawmakers in Russia 's Jewish Autonomous Region have confirmed the appointment of Alexander Vinnikov as the region 's new governor .
Gertrude Maseko is the incumbent First Lady of Malawi .
Duško Vujošević was born in Titograd , PR Montenegro , FPR Yugoslavia .
Julien Anfruns is a Member of the Council of State ( France ) ( ' Conseil d'Etat ' ) , Supreme Court Judge .
Sergo Chakhoyan ( Armenian : Սերգո Չախոյան , born December 9 , 1969 in Leninakan , Armenian SSR ) is an Armenian weightlifter who later represented Australia .
René Dupéré ( born in 1946 ) is a Québécois composer from Mont - Joli , Québec , Canada .
John Douglas Armour ( May 4 , 1830 -- July 11 , 1903 ) was a Canadian Puisne judge of the Supreme Court of Canada .
Mijaela Tesleoanu ( March 20 , 1942 -- August 17 , 2011 ) was a Romanian dancer , classical ballet teacher , and ballet master who developed her artistic work in Cuba .
Angela McKee ( née Warner ) ( born 1 December 1974 in Henderson , New Zealand ) is a former High Jump competitor for New Zealand .
Eliezer Goldberg ( Hebrew : אליעזר גולדברג‎ ) ( born May 24 , 1931 ) is a former Israeli Supreme Court judge , and former State Comptroller of Israel .
Cornelia Rudloff - Schäffer ( born on February 10 , 1957 in Bad Camberg / Taunus , Germany ) is the current president of the Deutsches Patent- und Markenamt ( DPMA ) ( English : German Patent and Trade Mark Office ) , a post she holds since January 1 , 2009 .
Michele Pinto ( born 2 January 1931 , Teggiano ) is a retired Italian Christian Democrat politician and Italy 's agriculture minister from 18 May 1996 to 21 October 1998 .
Erkki Liikanen ( born 19 September 1950 ) is a Finnish social democratic politician and the Governor of the Bank of Finland .
Rita Kovács ( born March 29 , 1970 in Nyíregyháza ) is a former long - distance swimmer from Hungary .
Fatih Solak has always thanked former coach Selcuk Ernak who is believed to have helped in Fatih 's development as one of Turkey 's top centres .
Erika Salumäe ( born 11 June 1962 in Pärnu ) is an Estonian track bicycle racer who won the first Olympic gold medal for Estonia after the country regained its independence in 1991 .
Susanna Mälkki ( born Helsinki , Finland , 13 March 1969 ) is a Finnish conductor .
Josefin Lillhage ( born 15 March 1980 in Gothenburg ) is a freestyle swimmer from Sweden , who won the bronze medal in the 200 m freestyle at the 2005 World Aquatics Championships in Montreal .
Hiromi Amada ( Japanese : 天田 ヒロミ ; born May 10 , 1973 ) is a retired Japanese super heavyweight kickboxer and boxer from Gunma , Japan .
Gregorio de Hinestrosa ( fl . 1610 - -1647 ) was Governor of Paraguay from June 27 , 1641 --
Septar Mehmet Yakub ( known in Romanian as Septar Mehmet Iacub ) ( 1904 - 1991 ) was a Crimean Tatar lawyer , thinker , spiritual leader of Tatars and Turks in Dobruja , Mufti of the Muslim community in Romania .
Nduduzo Makhathini is a South African jazz musician from Umgungundlovu , Pietermaritzburg , South Africa .
Konstantin Hierl ( 24 February 1875 -- 23 September 1955 ) was a major figure in the administration of Nazi Germany .
Nitya Nand Reddy ( born 1950 ) is a Fiji Indian has been an accountant and a unionist before being elected to the House of Representatives of Fiji .
Gilbert Lumoindong ( born in Jakarta , December 26 , 1966 ) was a priest from Indonesia .
Julio Larosiliere is a businessman and former senator of the Republic of Haiti .
Vinay Kumar Pandey alias Vinnu was a member of the 15th Lok Sabha of India .
Boris Boillon is officially appointed by the Council of Ministers embassador of France in Iraq in July 2009 .
Alexander Ossovsky was born on March 31 , 1871 in Kishinev , Bessarabia , Russian Empire into the family of Vyacheslav Stepanovich Ossovsky , who was a Department Chair in the Odessa Court ; his mother was Yevgenia Cherkunova .
Harry Jacks ( born Herman Jekeles on 5 August 1908 - -19 August 1994 ) was a New Zealand soldier , plant pathologist , lecturer and forester .
Jürgen Budday ( born 1948 in Germany ) is a German conductor , director of church music and music teacher .
Homayun Gharavi was born into an Iranian family of diplomats and came to Germany as a small child .
He was the son of general major Georg Reichwein , Sr . , who immigrated to Denmark - Norway from Hesse in 1628 .
Professor Thorsteinn I. Sigfusson ( born June 4 , 1954 in Vestmannaeyjar , Iceland ) is an Icelandic physicist prominent in the field of energy research .
Allan Kerr Taylor ( 1832 - -1890 ) was a notable New Zealand landowner and businessman .
Rajeev Bindal is minister of health and family welfare in Government of Himachal Pradesh , India .
Harald Nielsen played 14 games for the Denmark national football team in 1959 and 1960 , scoring 15 goals , and he was known as Guld - Harald ( Gold - Harald ) .
Sarah McLachlan was born on January 28 , 1968 , in Halifax , Nova Scotia , Canada , and adopted .
His father soon returned to Norway to work at Fredrikstad Mekaniske Verksted , whereas Harald Damsleth lived with his mother until the age of eleven .
Esmail Sohikish is a former tennis player from Iran .
Sant Rampal is a controversial preacher but has large number of followers in Punjab state of India and in other parts of Northern India .
Bonifaci López y Pulido was Bishop of Urgell and ex officio Co - Prince of Andorra from 1824 to 1827 .
General Rohan Daluwatte , WWV , RWP , RSP , VSV , USP , ( born 9 May 1941 ) is a former commander and a General of the Sri Lanka Army .
Juan Luis Hevia Fernández ( born 20 February 1977 in Pola de Laviana , Asturias ) is a Spanish professional footballer currently playing for Real Oviedo the champions of the region of Asturias ( winners Trofeo Principado 2007 ) and currently top of the Tercera division in Spain .
Mohamed Noh Alam Shah ( born 3 September 1980 ) is a professional football player from Singapore .
Vicente Mejía Colindres ( 6 April 1878 -- 24 August 1966 ) was President of Honduras between 16 September and 5 October 1919 ; and again between 1 February 1929 and 1 February 1933 .
Mathew P. John was a Biblical Scholar and President of the Society for Biblical Studies in India .
Dee Nasty ( Born 1960 ) is a DJ , producer , and Hip - Hop pioneer in Paris , France .
Yardena Alotin studied from 1948 to 1950 at the Music Teachers ' College in Tel Aviv and then from 1950 to 1952 at the Israel Music Academy .
Joacim Cans ( born 19 February 1970 in Mora , Sweden ) is the lead singer of HammerFall , a Swedish power metal band .
John Z. Robinson ( born 25 May 1953 in Foxton , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand painter , printmaker , and jeweller .
Valampuri John was a Tamil writer , orator and former Rajya Sabha member of India He was Born in Uvari village in Tirunelveli district , he started his career as an advocate and activist of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam ( DMK ) .
Lalainia Lindbjerg ( born September 3 , 1974 ) is a Canadian voice actress who worked for Ocean Studios in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Mary Greig Campbell ( 17 November 1907 -- 22 April 1989 ) was a New Zealand librarian and quaker .
Dato ' Haji Tajuddin Abdul Rahman ( born 17 January 1948 ) is a Malaysian politician and is the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for the Pasir Salak constituency in the state of Perak .
Rebecca Singh ( born 28 January 1975 ) is a news presenter on the New Zealand television station , TV3 .
David Benatar ( born 1966 ) is a professor of philosophy and head of the Department of Philosophy at the University of Cape Town in Cape Town , South Africa .
Camille Gourvenec was an officer of the French external intelligence service SDECE , possibly with the rank of colonel , who , from 1966 , was seconded as security adviser to President François Tombalbaye of Chad , and was therefore effectively head of Tombalbaye 's security and intelligence service .
Amos Yudan ( born November 5 , 1936 ) is an Israeli businessman , Chairman of the Israel - China and Hong Kong chamber of commerce and CEO of Comodan , a company that promotes Sino - Israeli business .
Alfredo Prior , born in Buenos Aires , Argentina , is a painter , writer , performer and musician .
Robert Jeremy Mansfield ( better known as Jeremy Mansfield ) was born in Grahamstown , South Africa .
Vatta Parambath Sathyan ( 29 April 1965 -- 18 July 2006 ) , popularly known as V. P. Sathyan , was a captain of the India national football team who played in the centre back position .
Roberto Coll ( born April 20 , 1925 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a former Argentine footballer currently played for River Plate in Argentina , Deportivo Cali in Colombia and Palestino in Chile .
Tommy Ambrose , singer , songwriter , born in Toronto , Canada .
Luis Hernán Álvarez ( 21 May 1938 -- 23 January 1991 ) was a Chilean footballer who played in clubs in Chile and El Salvador .
Rabbi Ben - Tzion Spitz ( born 1969 ) is the Chief Rabbi of Uruguay .
Jules - Émile Zingg was born in Montbéliard in the mountainous Jura area of Eastern France , the son of a clockmaker and woodcutter .
Jonathan Poff ( born 27 September 1983 in Christchurch , New Zealand ) is a rugby union player currently playing for the London Wasps in the Aviva Premiership .
Joseph - Edmond - André Laurendeau ( March 21 , 1912 -- June 1 , 1968 ) was a journalist , politician , co - chair of the Royal Commission on Bilingualism and Biculturalism , and playwright in Quebec , Canada .
Frank Stanley Frankish ( 2 November 1872 -- 30 May 1909 ) was a cricketer who played first - class cricket for Canterbury from 1894 to 1903 , and played for New Zealand in the days before New Zealand played Test cricket .
Yasuo Furuhata ( 降旗 康男 Furuhata Yasuo , born 19 August 1934 in Matsumoto , Nagano , Japan ) is a Japanese film director .
Muhammad Saleh Shah ( Urdu : محمد صالح شاہ ) is a Pakistani Politician and Member of Senate of Pakistan , currently serving as Chairperson- Senate Committee on States and Frontier Regions .
Vaclav Vaca ( pronounced Vatslaf Vasa ) is a surrealist artist from the Czech Republic who was born in 1948 .
Amelia Penichet ( born Amelia Rogelia Penichet - Rodriguez on December 2 , 1916 in New York City , New York ) is a journalist and historian living in Cuba .
Nacho Canut ( June 5 , 1957 in Valencia , Spain ) is the bass player and one of the main composers ( along with Alaska ) of the band Fangoria .
Abdul Hadi Shekaib ( 27 April 1940 ) born in Kabul is a former Afghanistan athlete , who competed at the 1960 Summer Olympic Games in the Men 's 100 m and the Men 's 4 × 100 m Relay , he failed to advance in either .
Zana Krasniqi ( born September 15 , 1988 in Pristina ) is a Kosovar fashion model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Kosovo 2008 .
Dan Berglund ( born 5 May 1963 in Pilgrimstad , Sweden ) is a Swedish musician ( upright bass ) that is especially well known within jazz and fusion .
Yoon Kyung - won ( Korean : 윤경원 ; born 1 January 1982 in South Korea ) is a Korean professional ice hockey defenceman .
Rasmus Nøhr ( born 7 March 1972 in København ) is a Danish musician , composer , and guitarist who had a breakthrough in Denmark with the song Det glade pizzabud , a duet with Ida Corr .
A.H. Heineken Prize for Art . Aernout Mik by Maria Hlavajova , curator of the Dutch pavilion in Venice , selected in 2007 for the Netherlands to take part in the Venice Biennale .
Adolf Froelich was born in Łaziska , Opole Lubelskie County , Poland , to parents Reinhold Froelich and Antonina Wilhelmina Józefina Froelich ( née Majewska ) .
V. Sambasivan ( 1929 - -1996 ) was a famous `` Kadhaprasangam '' artist of Kerala , India .
Sheikh Jamal ( 28 April 1954 - 15 August 1975 ) was the second son of Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib and Sheikh Mujibur Rahman , the first president of Bangladesh .
Matej Juhart ( born November 19 , 1976 ) is a German bobsledder who competed for his native Germany and now Croatia and has been a regular in international bobsled competitions since 2005 .
Lalrinkimi Varte ( born April 19 , 1988 ) , better known by her stage name Mami Varte , is a Mizo singer who became successful in Northeast India as a musician .
Jose Vicente P. Mapa III , who is better known by his screen name Jao Mapa ( born February 11 , 1976 ) , is a popular actor in the Philippines .
Hadi Teherani ( born 2 February 1954 , in Teheran , Iran ) is a German - Iranian architect and designer who lives in Hamburg , Germany .
Elwell Stephen Otis ( March 25 , 1838 -- October 21 , 1909 ) was a United States of America General who served in the Philippines late in the Spanish--
Louis Loucheur and the Shaping of Modern France 1916 - 1931 .
Kristof Vizvary ( born 21 August 1983 in Lower Austria ) is a professional handball player .
Shaun Ata is a New Zealand rugby league player who played professionally in Australia and England .
Francisco de Jesus ( born May 9 , 1956 ) is a retired boxer from Brazil , who competed in the men 's light - middleweight division ( -- 71 kg ) during the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Mohammad Sabah Al - Salem Al - Sabah ( born 10 October 1955 ) is the former deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs of Kuwait .
Eduardo Salhuana is a former member of the Congress of Peru of the Perú Posible party representing Madre de Dios .
Hansel Izquierdo ( born January 2 , 1977 in Havana , Cuba ) is a retired Major League Baseball pitcher .
Sun Sopanha ( born 2 March 1985 in Phnom Penh , Cambodia ) is Cambodian footballer who plays for home town club Nagacorp in Cambodian League .
Jerzy Duszyński ( ˈjɛʐɨ duˈʂɨɲskʲi ) was one of the most popular actors in a post - war Poland .
Craig Cachopa ( born 17 January 1992 ) is a professional cricketer who plays for Sussex in English county cricket , having previously played for Auckland and Wellington at New Zealand domestic level .
Aristidh Parapani ( 1926 - -1979 ) was a former Albanian footballer who played for Sportklub Tiranë and Partizani Tirana as well as the Albania national team .
Muhsin Ertuğrul was bestowed the title Honorary Doctor by Ege University on 23 April 1979 in recognition for his contribution to the theatre and cinema of Turkey .
Oscar Milani was born in Rosario , Argentina , November 24 , 1946 , where he studied medicine and music .
Paula Morris ( born 18 August 1965 ) is a novelist and short story writer from New Zealand .
Petru Groza ( 7 December 1884 -- 7 January 1958 ) was a Romanian politician , best known as the Prime Minister of the first Communist Party - dominated governments under Soviet occupation during the early stages of the Communist regime in Romania .
William Sanderson Fitzgerald ( 12 November 1838 - -27 January 1920 ) was a New Zealand teacher and educationalist .
Louis Chamniern Santisukniram ( Thai : หลุยส์ จำเนียร สันติสุขนิรันดร์ ; rtgs : Chamnian Santisukniran ; born October 30 , 1942 ) is the Archbishop of Thare and Nonseng , Thailand .
Born in 1931 in Lucea , Barrington Watson made his original mark in Jamaica as a football player for Kingston College .
Ledjie Taq is the Kepala adat of the Wehea Dayak village of Nehas Liah Bing , East Kalimantan , Indonesia .
Wolfgang Katzian ( born October 28 , 1956 in Stockerau , Austria ) is an Austrian trade unionist .
Sergio García Michel ( July 28 , 1945 in Mexico City , Mexico -- September 19 , 2010 in Mexico City ) was an influential Mexican film director and professor , considered one of the key figures of Super 8 cinema and part of the counterculture movements of La Onda and Rupestre .
Sharad Singh Bhandari is a Nepalese politician , belonging to the Madhesi Jana Adhikar Forum , Nepal .
Dieter Cunz ( August 4 , 1910 -- February 17 , 1969 ) was an emigre from Nazi Germany to the United States who taught German language and literature as a professor at the University of Maryland from 1939 to 1957 and at Ohio State University from 1957 until his death in 1969 .
Gaurav Gogoi is an active politician of Indian National Congress in Assam state of India from Tai - Ahom community .
Erwin Wurm ( born 1954 ) is an Austrian artist born in Bruck an der Mur , Styria , Austria .
Moses Appaqaq Jr. ( born : April 2 , 1946 ) is a soapstone carver former retail clerk , and a former territorial level politician from Sanikiluaq , Northwest Territories ( now Nunavut , Canada ) .
Haris Kastanidis ( Greek : Χάρης Καστανίδης , born on 11 March 1956 in Thessaloniki , Greece ) is a Greek politician who served as Minister for Justice , Transparency and Human Rights and Minister for the Interior under George Papandreou .
Patricio Coll is a movie director from Argentina who has worked in film , video and TV , both in Argentina and Venezuela and Spain .
Rusiate Rogoyawa ( born May 16 , 1961 . Cikobia , Fiji ) is a former Fijian cross - country skier .
Fatoş Yıldırım was called up to the Turkey girls ' U-17 team , and debuted in the friendly match against Bulgaria on June 27 , 2009 .
Colonel Fiqri Dine was Prime Minister of Albania 's Quisling government under Nazi Germany .
Pedro de Araújo Lima , Marquis of Olinda ( 22 December 1793 -- 7 June 1870 ) was a politician and monarchist of the Empire of Brazil .
Rakshanda Khan was born into a Muslim family on September 27 , 1974 in Mumbai , India .
Hermann Schussler was born in what is today Rastede , Germany .
In July 2005 the European Court of Human Rights ruled that both Moldova and the Russian Federation were responsible for the unlawful detention and torture and ill - treatment suffered by Ilie Ilașcu , Alexandru Leșco , Andrei Ivanţoc , and Tudor Petrov - Popa .
Carlos Henrique de Brito Cruz , born in Rio de Janeiro on July 19 , 1956 , is one of Brazil 's most noted physicists and a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences .
M. D. Nandana Gunathilake is a Sri Lankan politician and a former member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka .
Alan McLeod McCulloch AO ( 5 August 1907 -- 21 December 1992 ) was one of Australia 's foremost art critics for more than 60 years , an art historian and gallery director , cartoonist , and painter .
Mushir - ul - Haq wrote several books namely - Religion and Politics in Muslim India ( 1857 - 1947 ) :
Petros Klampanis ( born July 15 , 1981 in Zakynthos , Greece ) , is a bassist , composer , arranger , producer and educator .
Cheenu Pillai is a self - taught artist from chennai , India who blends European expressionism with dravidian themes .
Hermann Askan Demme in German , French and Italian in the online Historical Dictionary of Switzerland .
Oscar Ariel González Mezzenasco ( born October 28 , 1974 in Mendoza , Argentina ) is an Argentine naturalized Mexican footballer who plays as a center forward , for Irapuato .
Indrachapa Liyanage was born in Colombo , Sri Lanka , on January 13 , 1982 and educated at Ananda College Colombo .
Serhiy Petrovych Klyuyev ( Ukrainian : Сергій Петрович Клюєв ) is a Ukrainian businessman and a member of the Ukrainian Parliament , Serhiy Klyuyev was born on August 19 , 1969 in Donetsk ( Soviet Union ) .
Aleksandr Gukov ( Russian : Александр Гуков ; born 18 March 1972 in Minsk ) is a retired breaststroke swimmer from Belarus , who won two gold medal in the men 's breaststroke events at the 1997 European Championships in Seville , Spain .
Asadullah Jan is a citizen of Pakistan who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States 's Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Jeremiah Lucas Opira ( August 28 , 1933 -- November 22 , 2000 ) was a Ugandan politician and the National Executive Secretary of the Uganda National Liberation Front ( UNLF ) 1979 - 1980 .
Nelson Agresta del Carro ( born August 2 , 1955 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a retired Uruguayan footballer , who played for clubs of Uruguay , Argentina , Chile and Ecuador and the Uruguay national football team .
James Kwalia C'Kurui ( born James Kwalia Chepkurui on 12 June 1984 ) is an athlete who represents Qatar after switching from his homeland Kenya .
Mihailo Đurić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Михаило Ђурић ; 22 August 1925 -- 25 November 2011 ) was one of Serbia 's most prominent philosophers .
Selasee is a World Music / Reggae artist from Ghana who lives in Boulder , Colorado most of the time .
Marjorie de Sousa ( born Marjorie de Sousa Rivas on April 23 , 1980 in Las Acacias , Parroquia San Pedro , Caracas , Venezuela ) is a Venezuelan model and actress of Portuguese descent .
Joseph Jaquet , born in Antwerp in Belgium , was the son of a baker .
Jo Morrison ( née Steed ) is a former New Zealand international netball representative , who played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at the 1998 Commonwealth Games in Kuala Lumpur .
Colonel Umar Farouk Ahmed was Military Administrator of Cross River State , Nigeria ( August 1996 - August 1998 ) during the military regime of General Sani Abacha .
The Ladybirds also returned to Eurovision , backing Olivia Newton - John , singing on `` Long Live Love '' , in the 1974 contest staged in Brighton , United Kingdom .
Shivnath Singh ( July 11 , 1946 -- June 6 , 2003 ) was one of the few great long - distance runners that India has produced .
Syed Abid Ali Abid ( Urdu : سید عابد علی عابد ) was an Urdu and Persian poet and educator who was born on 17 September 1906 in Dera Ismail Khan , British India and died in Lahore , Pakistan on 20 January 1971 .
Celia Correas de Zapata ( born 9 October 1935 in Mendoza , Argentina ) is an academic , poet , and author , and a leading scholar of the history of Latin American women writers .
Ignacio Mariscal ( Oaxaca , Mexico July 5 , 1829 -- Mexico City April 17 , 1910 ) was an important Mexican writer , diplomat , and politician .
Diongolo Traore ( born 1914 in Bobo - Dioulasso , Burkina Faso , died April 18 , 1971 ) was a Burkinabe politician who served in the French senate from 1952 - 1958 .
Vlasta Pavić ( born 24 May 1957 ) is a former mayor of Zagreb , the second woman to hold that office , and a member of the Social Democratic Party of Croatia ( SDP ) .
Dr . Vibhuti Bhushan Sharma has been appointed as member of the Congress Manifesto Committee constituted by AICC ( All India Congress Committee ) for the upcoming Assembly Elections 2013 in the state of Rajasthan . He has also worked as member of the Congress Manifesto Committee in Assembly Elections 2008 .
Paul Frommelt ( born August 9 , 1957 in Schaan ) is a former Alpine skier from Liechtenstein and young brother of Willi Frommelt .
Prashant Pillai ( born 8 September 1981 ) is a music producer and composer from India .
Túlio Mourão ( born January 18 , 1952 ) is a pianist and composer from Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Carlton Lindsay Barrett , also known as Eseoghene ( born 15 September 1941 ) , is a Jamaican poet , novelist , essayist , playwright , journalist and photographer who lives in Nigeria .
David Aloua ( born April 24 , 1987 , Auckland , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand professional cruiserweight boxer .
Athar Minallah is a High Court lawyer in Pakistan and the former spokesperson of Justice Iftikhar Chohadry during Justice Movement .
Loïc Rémy ( born 2 January 1987 ) is a French professional footballer who plays for English club Chelsea and the France national team , primarily as a striker .
Bojan Isailović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бojaн Иcaилoвић , born 25 March 1980 in Belgrade , Serbia , Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian former football player .
Born and raised in Breslau Germany , Joachim Kuettner put his early interest in the atmosphere aside to complete a doctorate in law and economics at age 21 .
Ronald Ernest Aitchison ( 1921 - -1996 ) , was born in Hurstville , NSW , Australia on 29 December 1921 .
Mats Ronander ( born 1 April 1954 , Sundsvall , Sweden ) is a Swedish rock musician , guitar player , producer and composer .
Jerome Chen FRSC ( simplified Chinese : 陈志让 ; traditional Chinese : 陳志讓 ; pinyin : Chén Zhìràng ) ( b. 1919 in Chengdu , Sichuan , China ) is a noted Chinese historian .
Tapani Kalliomäki ( born 1970 in Tampere , Finland ) is a Finnish stage and film actor .
Manju Nadgoda ( born 11 July 1976 , in Belgaum , Karnataka ) is a former One Day International cricketer who represented India .
Chennas Narayanan Namboodiripad ( born 1428 ) was a 15th - century mathematician from Kerala , India .
Tomi Kalliola , although generally recognised by his stage name , Narqath , was born in Finland on 11 October 1979 .
Marco Maggi ( born 1957 in Montevideo , Uruguay ) is a New York and Uruguay based artist whose work incorporates common materials such as office paper , aluminum foil , graphite and apples to create micro drawings , sculptures and macro installations Maggi will represent Uruguay at the upcoming 2015 Venice Biennale .
Miriam Meyerhoff is a New Zealand sociolinguist .
Jeopardy ! is an American television game show created by Merv Griffin .
Babylon 5 is an American science fiction television series created by writer and producer J. Michael Straczynski , under the Babylonian Productions label , in association with Straczynski 's Synthetic Worlds Ltd. and Warner Bros. Domestic Television .
All Hands to the Pumps is an 1888 - 89 painting by British artist Henry Scott Tuke .
Under Carmony 's direction , Linspire started and sponsored Nvu , hiring Daniel Glazman , former Netscape Communications Corporation employee , to be the lead developer .
Naked Video was a BBC Scotland comedy series , broadcast between 1986 and 1991 on BBC2 , the series was created by Colin Gilbert who also created A Kick Up the Eighties and Naked Radio .
QB VII by Leon Uris is a dramatic courtroom novel published in 1970 .
Sculpted by Danish - American Gutzon Borglum and his son , Lincoln Borglum , Mount Rushmore features 60-foot ( 18 m ) sculptures of the heads of four United States presidents :
Circle Limit III is a woodcut made in 1959 by Dutch artist M. C. Escher , in which `` strings of fish shoot up like rockets from infinitely far away '' and then `` fall back again whence they came '' .
Thatched Cottages and Houses is an oil painting by Vincent van Gogh that he painted in May 1890 when he lived in Auvers - sur - Oise , France .
The Cuckoo Waltz was a British television sitcom made by Granada Television for the ITV network between 1975 and 1977 and in 1980 , written by Geoffrey Lancashire , produced and directed by Bill Gilmour .
Julia Lebedeva ( born 26 February 1978 ) is a former competitive figure skater who represented Russia and Armenia .
Rafael Fernández Pérez ( born 13 June 1980 ) , commonly known as Rafa , is a Spanish futsal player who plays for ElPozo Murcia as a Goalkeeper .
Paul Dolezar also known as Pavle Dolezar and Paja Dolezar ( born 1 May 1946 ) is a football manager best known for his time in South Africa .
Dave Carson ( born 1955 ) is a Northern Ireland -- born artist and novel illustrator .
Raymundo Rodríguez González ( 15 April 1905 - date of death unknown ) , nicknamed Mapache , - was a Mexican footballer .
Jiřína Adamičková - Pelcová ( born 22 November 1969 ) is a retired Czechoslovak , later Czech biathlete .
Ronald Koeman ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈroːnɑlt ˈkumɑn ) ; born 21 March 1963 ) is a former Dutch footballer and the current manager of English club Southampton .
Paul Garrin ( born 1957 ) is an interdisciplinary artist and social entrepreneur whose work explores the social impact of technology and issues of media access , free speech , public / private space , and the digital divide .
Pepe , real name Marcos Paulo Aguiar de Jesus ( born 4 October 1983 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Carsten Juste ( born 6 July 1947 ) is a Danish journalist and former editor - in - chief of Jyllands - Posten , a Danish large - circulation newspaper .
Bhushan Kumar ( born Bhushan Dua Kumar ; 27 November 1977 ) is an Indian film producer and Music producer .
Habib Nasib Nader ( born 1979 ) is a British actor , best known for his role as Gregory in the BBC television comedy Little Britain , written by and starring Matt Lucas and David Walliams .
Jovan Hadžić ( pseudonym Miloš Svetić ; Sombor , 8 September 1799-Novi Sad , 28 April 1869 ) was a Serbian writer and legislator .
Brandon Auret ( born 27 December 1972 ) is a South African actor known for his starring role as Leon du Plessis in the SABC3 soap opera Isidingo .
Dardan Selimaj ( born 1984 in Prishtina , Kosovo ) is a journalist , producer and music theorist .
Richard Grey , 3rd Earl of Tankerville , 8th Lord of Powys ( 5 November 1436 -- c. 1466 ) fought on the side of the House of York in the War of the Roses .
Sir Simeon Jacobs C.M.G. ( 1839 -- June 15 , 1883 ) was a Judge in the Supreme Court of the Cape of Good Hope .
Justin Robertson ( born 11 June 1968 in Walton - on - Thames , Surrey ) is an English electronic musician , DJ , record producer and Artist
Charles J. O'Byrne ( born 1959 ) is an executive at Related Rentals Companies , an American lawyer and former political staffer to Governor of New York David Paterson , serving as Secretary to the Governor .
Cheng Wu ( born 201 ) was a politician of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
Dag Mejdell ( born 28 June 1957 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and current Chief Executive Officer of Posten Norge , the Norwegian Postal Service as well as Chairman of the Board of ErgoGroup .
Austin Atupele Muluzi ( born 6 August 1978 ) is a Malawian politician and Member of Parliament for Machinga North East constituency since 2004 .
David Ing ( born 1957 ) is a Canadian systems scientist , business architect , management consultant and marketing scientist .
Vera von Falkenhausen ( born 1938 ) is a German Byzantinist who lives and works in Italy .
Àngels Ribé ( born 1943 in Barcelona ) is considered one of the most important Catalan conceptual artists of the 70s .
Diego Aguirre Parra ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' djeɣo a'ɣire ' para ) ; born 17 October 1990 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a left winger or left back .
Stefano Malinverni ( born 14 May 1959 ) was an Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres .
Tanvi Ganesh Lonkar ( Marathi : तन्वी गणेश लोणकर ) ( born 5 March 1995 ) is an Indian actress best known for her 2008 role as the teenage version of ' Latika ' , a character in the Academy Award - winning film Slumdog Millionaire .
Zdeněk Pouzar ( born 13 April 1932 ) is a Czech mycologist .
Daniel Brooks ( born 23 June 1958 ) is a Canadian theatre director , actor and playwright .
Margaret Berger ( born 11 October 1985 ) is a Norwegian singer , songwriter , music director , and DJ . She made her debut on Sony BMG after she placed second on the second season of Norwegian Idol in 2004 .
Rosamond Mary Monckton , married name Rosamond Mary Lawson , ( born 26 October 1953 in Westminster , London ) is an English business woman and charity campaigner , usually known as Rosa Monckton .
Olbram Zoubek ( born 21 April 1926 in Prague ) is a famous Czech contemporary sculptor and designer .
Wang Jiarui ( Chinese : 王家瑞 ; born September 1949 ) is a Chinese politician and senior diplomat , currently serving as the Vice Chairman of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
Ahmed Samir Farag ( Arabic : أحمد سمير فرج‎ ; born 20 May 1986 ) is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Al - Ismaily and Egyptian national football team .
Neil Sullivan ( born 24 February 1970 ) is a former professional Scottish internationalist footballer .
Michael Laimo ( born 1966 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American horror author .
Huang Fan ( Chinese : 黃凡 ) is a contemporary Taiwanese writer , born in 1950 .
Mao Xiaobing ( Chinese : 毛小兵 ; pinyin : Máo Xiǎobīng ; born April 1965 ) is a former Chinese politician and mining executive .
Denman Maroney ( born 1949 ) is a jazz musician who plays what he calls `` hyperpiano '' .
Radu Troi , ( 12 June 1949 in Dragomireşti , Giurgiu ) , is a former Romanian professional football player .
Steven Pitt ( born 22 July 1973 ) is a former Australian rules football player .
Gretel Beer ( Vienna , 11 July 1921 - -11 August 2010 , Deal , Kent ) was an Austrian - born English author of cooking books and travel reports .
Anahita Uberoi ( born 1967 ) is an Indian stage actress working actively in theater circuit .
Morten Sigval Bergesen ( born 2 June 1951 ) is a Norwegian ship - owner .
Jozef Pisár ( born 20 July 1971 ) is a former Slovak football striker who recently played for the Slovak 2 .
Javier Lozano Cid ( born 28 October 1960 ) is a Spanish former futsal player and World Cup champion two times as a manager .
Jonathan Clements ( born 9 July 1971 ) is a British author and scriptwriter .
Deng Shichang ( 4 October 1849 -- 17 September 1894 ) , courtesy name Zhengqing , posthumous name Zhuangjie , was a Chinese military officer who lived in the late Qing dynasty .
Bruno Grollo ( born 1942 , Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian businessman .
Erik Chopin ( born 1970 ) is the winner of The Biggest Loser ( season 3 ) in 2006 .
David Johnny ( born 5 January 1982 ) is a Malaysian footballer from the state of Sabah .
Countess Alexandra Branitskaya née von Engelhardt ( Russian : Александра Васильевна Браницкая , 1754 - -1838 ) , also known as Saneckka and Countess Branicka , was a Russian noble .
Serge Crasnianski ( born 3 July 1942 ) is a French entrepreneur who founded in 1963 the Grenoble based Key Independent System ( KIS ) .
Andrew Bulumakau ( born 28 July 1992 ) is a Scottish Professional rugby union player who plays Doncaster Knights in the RFU Championship .
Anton Csorich ( Croatian : Antun Čorić ; 1795 - -1864 ) was the baron od Monte Creto and became a general in the Austrian Army and then was promoted to the position of lieutenant field marshal when he became second chief of the 15th Infantry Regiment .
Elise Dethloff , née Stoltz ( 3 February 1872 -- 22 January 1931 ) was a Norwegian physician .
Neil Slatter ( born 30 May 1964 in Cardiff ) is a Welsh former professional footballer , who played at left back .
Marcel Kittel ( born 11 May 1988 ) is a German racing cyclist , who rides for Etixx--
Óscar Meléndez ( born 21 March 1966 , San Juan , Puerto Rico ) is a Puerto Rican singer and former member of boy band Menudo .
John Berton Carnett ( 1890 - -1988 ) was an American surgeon remembered for Carnett 's sign .
Benjamin Edwin Minns ( 17 November 1863 -- 21 February 1937 ) was an Australian artist , recognised as one of Australia 's foremost watercolourists .
Damon Hague ( born 29 October 1970 ) is a former two weight World Boxing Foundation champion .
Cale Morton ( born 18 January 1990 ) is an Australian rules football player , recruited at pick 4 in the 2007 AFL Draft by the Melbourne Football Club .
Mahamanyabar Rajkumar Srila - Srijukta Nabadwipchandra Dev Burman ( 1854 - September 5 , 1931 ) , also transliterated as Nabadwip Chandra Deb Barman , was a noted Indian sitarist and Dhrupad singer .
Branislav Simić ( born 21 March 1935 ) is a retired Serbian wrestler of the Greco - Roman style .
Frederick Campbell Rose CSI ( 1865 -- 18 July 1946 ) was a Scottish civil engineer who spent most of his career in India .
Rebecca Quin ( born 30 January 1987 ) is an Irish professional wrestler currently signed to WWE , where she wrestles under the ring name Becky Lynch .
Kenith Trodd ( born 1936 , Southampton , Hampshire ) is a British television producer best known for his long association with television playwright Dennis Potter .
Richard Scheer ( born 9 March 1974 ) is a Franco - Seychellois former weightlifter who competed in the sport for twenty years .
María Esther Orozco Orozco ( born 25 April 1945 ) is a Mexican biologist , researcher and politician .
Nikephoros Theotokis or Nikiforos Theotokis ( Greek : Νικηφόρος Θεοτόκης ; Russian : Никифор Феотоки or Никифор Феотокис ; 1731 - -1800 ) was a Greek scholar and theologian , who became an archbishop in the southern provinces of the Russian Empire .
Yuval Avidor ( Hebrew : יובל אבידור‎ ; born 19 October 1986 ) is an Israeli football player who plays for Bnei Sakhnin .
Tellu Turkka ( formerly Tellu Paulasto , Tellu Virkkala , born 1969 , Koskenpää ) is a Finnish fiddler and singer in the contemporary folk / neo - folk music genre .
Chihiro Kato ( 加藤 千尋 Kato Chihiro , born 22 November 1988 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for JT Marvelous .
Wout Brama ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋʌut ˈbraːmɐ ) ) ( born 21 August 1986 ) is a Dutch footballer .
Mariangela Perrupato ( born 15 September 1988 ) is an Italian synchronized swimmer .
Ermesinde of Carcassonne ( ca . 972 -- March 1 , 1058 ) was a noblewoman in southern France .
Stephen Kettle ( born 12 July 1966 , in Castle Bromwich , Warwickshire , England ) is a British sculptor who works exclusively with slate .
Vanessa Proux ( born 31 May 1974 ) is a French biologist and the current President of Institut Sup'Biotech de Paris .
Alexander Nikolayevich Samokhvalov ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Никола́евич Самохва́лов ; 21 August 1894 - 20 August 1971 ) was a Soviet Russian painter , watercolorist , graphic artist , illustrator , art teacher and Honored Arts Worker of the RSFSR , who lived and worked in Leningrad .
Morten Skogstad ( born 26 June 1962 ) is the drummer in the Norwegian hard rock / glam metal band Stage Dolls .
Raúl Alcalá Gallegos ( born 3 March 1964 ) is a former professional road racing cyclist , who competed between 1985 and 1999 and again in 2008 and 2010 .
Jürgen Röber ( born 25 December 1953 ) is a German football player and manager who last managed Ankaraspor .
Hucbald ( Hucbaldus , Hubaldus ) ( c. 840 or 850 -- June 20 , 930 ) was a Frankish music theorist , composer , teacher , writer , hagiographer , and Benedictine monk .
Bartosz Piasecki ( IPA : ( ˈbartɔʂ pjaˈsɛt͡skʲi ) ; born 9 December 1986 ) is a Norwegian fencer .
Blake Ayshford ( born 15 April 1988 ) is an Australian professional rugby league player who currently plays for the New Zealand Warriors in the Australian NRL competition .
Anita Berber ( 10 June 1899 -- 10 November 1928 ) was a German dancer , actress , and writer who was the subject of an Otto Dix painting .
Jacques Nicolet ( born 5 April 1956 in Gigondas ) is a French businessman and racing driver .
Pearl Argyle ( 7 November 1910 -- 29 January 1947 ) was a South African ballet dancer and actress .
Peter Fuzes ( born 14 May 1947 ) is an Australian former association soccer player .
Kutski ( born John Walker on 4 February 1982 ) , is a radio DJ . He was born in Chester , England .
Alki Zei ( Greek : Άλκη Ζέη ) ( born 1925 ) is a Greek novelist and children 's writer .
Thaao Penghlis ( /ˌteɪ.oʊ ˈpɛŋ.ɡlɪs/ , born 15 December 1945 ) is an Australian actor .
Kasper Bai ( born 1974 ) is a Danish songwriter , composer , arranger and guitarist .
Erik Hollingsworth ( born 23 August 1978 in United States ) , is a retired American rugby league football player , who played for the Glen Mills Bulls and the Connecticut Wildcats .
Robert Godley ( born 7 July 1971 in Whitstable , Kent ) is a British designer of men 's clothing .
Dame Ann Marilyn Strathern , DBE ( née Evans ; born 6 March 1941 ) is a British anthropologist , who has worked largely with the natives of Papua New Guinea and dealt with issues in the UK of reproductive technologies .
Johan de Fin , also known as Jean de Fin , was born 15 September 1800 in Prague .
Katsumasa Miyamoto ( Japanese : 宮本勝昌 , born 28 August 1972 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Jonathan Loughran ( born 1966 ) is an American actor who is in most Happy Madison films with his friend , actor Adam Sandler .
Danny Porte ( born 18 June 1975 in England ) is an English former rugby union player who played for Glasgow Warriors at the Tighthead Prop position .
Cam F. Awesome ( born 1988 , in Uniondale , New York ) , formerly known as Lenroy Thompson , is an American amateur boxer best known to win the US title in 2008 , 2010 , 2013 and 2014 and the Golden Gloves 2009 , 2011 and 2013 at super heavyweight .
Chris Polglase ( born 12 January 1978 in Newcastle ) , known professionally as The Jungle Drummer , is an electronic music session drummer .
Frank Mace MacFarland ( 1869 - -1951 ) was an American malacologist associated with Stanford University in California .
Harwant Kaur ( born 5 July , 1980 ) is an Indian discus thrower and shot putter .
Ralf Pönitzsch ( born 20 October 1957 ) is a former East German runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Fabrice Grinda ( born 3 August 1974 ) is a French entrepreneur , blogger for Business Insider and super angel , with more than 150 investments around the world , including Alibaba Group , Airbnb , Beepi , FanDuel , Palantir and Windeln .
George Derek Varnals ( born 24 July 1935 in Durban , Natal ) is a former South African cricketer who played in three Tests in the 1964 - 65 season .
Toni Savevski ( Macedonian : Тони Савевски ; Greek : Τόνι Σαβέβσκι ; born 14 June 1963 ) is a Macedonian football player .
James Strachey Barnes ( 1890 - -1955 ) was a British theorist of Fascism .
Antonio Nieto ( born September 1967 ) is Vice President of Global Engineering with the Laureate International Universities .
Hilal Musa ( Arabic : هلال موسى‎ , Hebrew : הילאל מוסא‎ ; born 31 May 1990 ) is an Arab - Israeli footballer who currently plays at Bnei Sakhnin .
Iain Farrington ( born 1977 ) is a British pianist , organist , composer and arranger .
Erwin Kelm ( 1911 -- 1994 ) was an American businessman born in Minnesota .
Eugeniu Plohotniuc - Rector Balti State University `` Alecu Russo '' , born 18 August 1953 s . Bagrineshty Floresti region of Moldova .
Anna Svenjeby ( born 1962 ) is a Swedish retired football player who played as a midfielder for Kronängs IF and Jitex BK in the Swedish Championship in the late 1970s and 1980s .
Ottilie Patterson ( 31 January 1932 -- 20 June 2011 ) was a Northern Irish blues singer best known for her performances and recordings with the Chris Barber Jazz Band in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Xiaolan Bao ( 1949 -- January 22 , 2006 ) was a Burmese - American historian , educator , and researcher .
Dame Rachel Waterhouse , DBE ( born 2 January 1923 ) is a local historian of Birmingham and the West Midlands of England , consumer affairs activist and writer .
Stanley Ng Chau - pei ( born February 1970 ) is a Hong Kong pro - Beijing politician and trade unionist and the Chairman of the Hong Kong Federation of Trade Unions ( HKFTU ) , the largest trade union in Hong Kong .
Sang Chul Lee ( born 1924 ) was the 32nd Moderator of the United Church of Canada and the first person of Asian descent to hold the position .
Alexander Bain 1811 - 1877 , visitdunkeld.com .
Stephan Hartmann ( born 1 March 1968 ) is a German philosopher and Professor of Philosophy of Science at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich , known for his contributions to formal epistemology .
Antonella Interlenghi ( born 6 August 1960 ) is an Italian stage , film and television actress .
Rudolf Otepka ( born 13 November 1973 is a Czech football player who plays as a midlefielder for Czech club Dynamo České Budějovice . In October 2011 , Otepka became the 11th player to play 400 matches in the Czech , and previously Czechoslovak top flight .
Chris Joyce ( born Manchester , England , 11 October 1957 ) is known for being drummer with various new wave groups and with Simply Red in the 1980s .
Thomas Ainslie Caterer ( 16 May 1858 - 25 August 1924 ) was a leading South Australian cricketer , cricket administrator and educator of the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries .
Per Egil Hegge ( born 6 March 1940 ) is a Norwegian journalist .
Phillip Blond ( born 1 March 1966 ) is an English political philosopher , Anglican theologian and director of the ResPublica think tank .
Arne Vodder ( 16 February 1926 -- 27 December 2009 ) was a Danish furniture designer , a close friend and partner of Finn Juhl who had been his teacher .
Khishigbatyn Erdenet - Od ( Mongolian : Хишигбатын Эрдэнэт-Од ; born 7 July 1975 ) is a retired Mongolian judoka .
Torill Fonn ( born 1 November 1967 ) is a Swedish ultramarathon runner from Skövde .
John Van Hamersveld ( born 1941 , Baltimore , Maryland , United States ) is an American graphic artist and illustrator who designed record jackets for pop and psychedelic bands , since the 1960s .
Leonardo Pinizzotto ( born 14 August 1986 ) is an Italian cyclist , who last rode for UCI Continental team Amore & Vita - Selle SMP in 2014 season .
Sven Patrik Lövgren ( born 12 October 1975 in Malmö ) is a retired Swedish athlete who specialised in sprinting events .
Cheng Chao - Tsun ( born 17 October 1993 ) is a Taiwanese athlete specialising in the javelin throw .
Dame Jane Elizabeth Ailwên Phillips , DBE ( born 14 May 1933 ) , known professionally as Siân Phillips ( /ˈʃɑːn/ ) , is a Welsh actress .
Harold Fern ( 20 April 1881 -- 21 August 1974 ) was the British president of swimming 's world governing body , FINA from 1936 -- 1948 .
Peter Schrank ( born 23 September 1952 in St Gallen , Switzerland ) is a political cartoonist whose work appears in the UK 's Independent on Sunday newspaper , The Economist magazine , and Ireland 's Sunday Business Post .
Lech Garlicki ( born 23 August 1946 in Warsaw ) is a Polish jurist and constitutional law specialist .
Amy Roselle ( 1854 - 17 November 1895 ) was an English actress who performed in Britain , the U.S. and Australia .
Eliezer Kulas ( Hebrew : אליעזר קולס‎ , born 29 August 1944 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Likud between 1981 and 1988 .
Stanley Bootle , known as Stan Kelly - Bootle ( 15 September 1929 -- 16 April 2014 ) was a British author , singer - songwriter and computer scientist .
Aleix García Serrano ( born 28 June 1997 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Manchester City as a Defensive Midfielder in the Elite Development Squad .
Stanley Sfekas ( Greek : Στάνλεϋ Σφήκας ; born 1942 ) is Professor Emeritus of Philosophy and Religion at the University of Indianapolis - Athens Campus and was born in the United States .
Jennifer Moon ( 1973- ) is a conceptual artist living in Los Angeles .
Prince Léopold Biha ( 1919 - -2003 ) was a Burundian politician and a Tutsi .
José Luis Arrieta Lujambio ( born 15 June 1971 , in San Sebastián ) is a retired Spanish professional road racing cyclist .
Lochlann Quinn ( born in 1940 ) is an Irish businessman and philanthropist .
Sir Charles Hulse , 4th Baronet ( 1771 - -1854 ) , of Breamore , near Fordingbridge , Hampshire and 4 New Burlington Street , Middlesex .
William Hogarth Tower ( 1871 - -1950 ) , of New Jersey , USA was a postage stamp collector who endowed a `` stamp room '' at Princeton University .
Joshua Bassett or Basset ( c. 1641 -- c.1720 , London ) was an English academic , Master of Sidney Sussex College , Cambridge under James II .
Karen Arnold ( born 1964 ) is a British company director and a promoter of entrepreneurship and business education .
Gregory of Tatev , or Grigor Tatevatsi ( Armenian : Գրիգոր Տաթևացի ) ( 1346 - -1409 or 1410 ) was an Armenian philosopher , theologian and a saint in the Armenian Apostolic Church .
David Vavruška ( born 14 September 1972 ) is a Czech football coach , since June 2015 working as a head coach of football club FK Teplice .
Huang Bowen ( simplified Chinese : 黄博文 ; traditional Chinese : 黃博文 ; pinyin : Huáng Bówén ; born 13 July 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Guangzhou Evergrande in the Chinese Super League .
Orin O'Brien ( born 1935 ) is an American double bassist .
Milena Vukotic ( born 23 April 1938 ) is a former ballerina and a stage , television , and film actress .
Richard Aldborough ( 1607 -- 1649 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1640 .
Vincent Marcone ( born 1973 ) is a Canadian web designer , illustrator , film director , and musician .
Wladimir Besnard ( 1890 , St. Petersburg , Russia -- 1960 , São Paulo , Brazil ) was a French biologist and Brazilian oceanographer , and is considered to be the father of Brazilian oceanography .
William Ernest Bush ( 1861 - -1903 ) aka the Baron de Bush , was the only Baron Freiherr von Bush of Coburg - Gotha .
Gottfried Knebel ( born 1908 ) was a German botanist .
Catherine Jean Milligan ( born 11 September 1986 , Newtownards , County Down , Northern Ireland ) was Miss Northern Ireland 2006 and represented her country in the Miss World finals in Poland .
Judd Tilyard ( born 15 August 1978 ) is an Australian film director and producer , based in Toronto since 2010 where he is the co - owner and head of Production at Dimeworth Films .
Ricky Dyson , ( born 28 September 1985 ) is an Australian rules footballer originally from the Epping Football Club who in 2012 was delisted from Essendon in the AFL .
Hans Metzger ( born 1912 ) is a former German diplomat , who spent a part of his childhood in Finland .
Obiora Nwokolobia - Agu ( born 9 June 1977 ) , better known by his artistic name Obiora Obiwon , is a Nigerian singer , musician , songwriter , recording artiste , music minister and evangelist .
Magali de Lattre ( born 14 June 1987 , in Lausanne ) is a Portuguese former professional tennis player .
Stephen John Sutton ( born 1964 ) is an Australian man who was imprisoned in Argentina .
Peter Courtenay ( c. 1432 -- 23 September 1492 ) was Bishop of Exeter and Bishop of Winchester , and also had a successful political career during the tumultuous years of the Wars of the Roses .
Philip Nobile ( born 1942 ) is an American freelance writer , journalist , historian , teacher , and social critic / commentator .
Gao Chongwen ( Chinese : 高崇文 ; 746 - -809 ) , formally Prince Weiwu of Nanping ( 南平威武王 ) , was a general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , most well known for his defeat of the warlord Liu Pi .
Andrew McCabe ( born 29 August 1990 in Longreach , Queensland ) is an Australian track and field sprinter .
Gordon Jamieson ( born 17 April 1983 ) is a much loved Scottish sporting hero .
Barry Lam ( Chinese : 林百里 ; pinyin : Lín Bǎilǐ ; Cantonese Yale : Lam4 Baak3 Lei5 ; born 1949 in Shanghai ) is the founder and Chairman of Quanta Computer , the leading laptop producer worldwide .
Antonio Carafa ( 1538 -- January 13 , 1591 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal from the House of Carafa .
Dante Ferretti ( born 26 February 1943 ) is an Italian production designer , art director and costume designer .
Deepti Bhatnagar ( born 30 September 1967 ) is an Indian film actress and model .
Brad Morrin ( born 23 September 1981 in Bankstown , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Bulldogs club of the National Rugby League .
Zhang Anshun ( Chinese : 张安顺 ; born April 1965 ) is a Chinese politician , serving since 2015 as the Communist Party Secretary of Yanbian Korean Autonomous Prefecture in Jilin province , and a member of the provincial Party Standing Committee of Jilin .
Sultana Yesmin Boishakhi ( Bengali : সুলতানা ইয়াসমিন বৈশাখী ) ( born : 13 August 1989 ) is a Bangladeshi cricketer who plays for the Bangladesh national women 's cricket team .
Giorgos Iordanidis ( Greek : Γιώργος Ιορδανίδης ; born 28 March 1989 ) is a footballer who plays for Aiolikos F.C ..
Mariano Riccio ( 1510 - - ? ? ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
Chen Zhimin ( simplified Chinese : 陈智敏 ; traditional Chinese : 陳智敏 ; pinyin : Chén Zhìmǐn ; born October 1955 ) is a politician of People 's Republic of China .
Putra Nababan ( born 28 July 1974 ) is an Indonesian newsreader , journalist and editor in chief of MetroTV .
Shadmehr Aghili ( Persian : شادمهر عقیلی‎‎ ; born 27 January 1973 ) is an Iranian pop singer , musician , composer , music arranger , producer and song - writer , and formerly an actor .
Kevin Van Hoovels ( born 31 July 1985 ) is a Belgian cross - country mountain biker .
Benjamin Marc Ramaroson , C.M. ( born 25 April 1955 in Manakara ) , is Archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Antsiranana in Madagascar .
Thomas Howell Williams Idris ( 5 August 1842 -- 10 February 1925 ) , known as Howell Idris , was a Welsh Liberal Party politician and chemical manufacturer .
Robert Booth Goodwin II ( born 1971 ) , known commonly as Booth Goodwin , is an American attorney with Goodwin & Goodwin , LLP in Charleston , WV and is currently running for Governor of the State of West Virginia .
William J. Hochul , Jr. ( born 1959 ) is the United States Attorney for the Western District of New York .
Abdulqadir Hassan Mohamed ( Arabic : عبد القادر حسن محمد‎ ) ( born 15 April 1962 ) is an Emirati footballer .
Peter Halldorf ( born 21 June 1958 ) is a Swedish Pentecostal pastor , self - taught theologian , and writer .
Flora Steiger - Crawford ( 1 September 1899 , Bombay -- 31 July 1991 , Zurich ) was a Swiss architect and sculptor .
Patriarch Constantine Cyril V Zaim ( about 1655 - -1720 ) , sometimes known also as Cyril III , was Greek Patriarch of Antioch .
Silvester Harding ( also Sylvester ) ( 25 July 1745 -- 12 August 1809 ) was an English artist and publisher .
Serena Brooke ( born 9 January 1976 ) is an Australian professional surfer from Coolangatta , Queensland .
Dr. Bodo Otto ( 1711 - -1787 ) was a Senior Surgeon of the Continental Army during the American Revolution .
Benny Johansen ( born 18 March 1949 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player and manager .
Timothy Cathalina ( born 24 January 1985 ) is a professional footballer from Curaçao who plays as a right back for SV Spakenburg .
Anne Lauber ( born 28 July 1943 in Zurich ) is a Canadian composer , conductor , and music educator .
Koe Yeet ( born 17 January 1992 ) is a Malaysian television and film former child actress .
Christopher Koskei ( also written Kosgei , born 14 August 1974 ) is a Kenyan runner who specialized in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Miriam Giovanelli ( born 28 April 1989 ) is a Spanish actress and model , perhaps best known for her roles in Limoncello , Canciones de amor en Lolita 's Club and Física o Química .
Katrina Dawkins known as Katie Dawkins ( born 20 August 1988 ) is a competitor in synchronized swimming who represented Great Britain in the team event at the 2012 London Olympics .
( George ) Ernest Spero ( 2 March 1894 -- 7 January 1960 ) was a British physician , author , journalist , businessman and politician .
Karel Jarolím ( born 23 August 1956 ) is a Czech football coach and former Czechoslovakia international footballer .
Ernie Copland ( 15 April 1927 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Arbroath , Dundee and Raith Rovers .
Titus Labienus ( c. 100 BCE -- March 17 , 45 BCE ) was a professional Roman soldier in the late Roman Republic .
Irina Valeryevna Shaykhlislamova ( Russian : Ири́на Вале́рьевна Шайхлисла́мова ) ( born 6 January 1986 ) , known popularly as Irina Shayk and sometimes credited as Irina Sheik ( Russian : Ири́на Шейк ) , is a Russian model and actress known for her appearances in the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue between 2007 and 2015 .
Mootaz Attia Mohamed Hasan , better known as Abu Quassey ( born 20 March 1973 ) is a convicted people smuggler and the head of the syndicate that organised the fatal SIEV - X voyage .
Dame Helen Metcalf , DBE , FRSA ( née Pitt ; 7 October 1946 -- 3 December 2003 ) was a British academic , educator , and politician .
Péter Kozma ( born 1959 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) from Fidesz Szabolcs - Szatmár - Bereg County Regional List from 1998 to 2006 and from 2010 to 2014 .
Acharya Buddharakkhita ( 1922- 2013 ) was a Buddhist monk , prolific writer who established the Maha Bodhi Society of Bangalore and its sister bodies .
Arthur Burghardt ( born July 29 , 1947 ) is an American actor known for portraying Dr. Jack Scott on the soap opera One Life to Live .
Uri Fink ( Hebrew : אורי פינק , born 18 September 1963 in Israel ) is an Israeli comic book artist and writer , and creator of the comics series Zbeng!.
K. Thavamani Devi ( c. 1925 -- 10 February 2001 ) was a Sri Lankan actress who also worked in a number of Tamil films during the 1940s .
Ralph Collins ( born 1 January 1933 ) was a Scottish football player and manager .
Ian Noble ( born Bulawayo , 6 April 1972 ) is a Zimbabwean rugby union coach and former rugby footballer .
Jonny King ( Jonathan Z. King , born 2 February 1965 , New York City , New York , ) is an American jazz pianist .
Rigmor Dam ( born 18 December 1971 ) is a Faroese politician and teacher , she has also been working as a journalist for the Faroese paper Sosialurin before she was elected to the Faroese parliament , the Løgting .
Belgian electronic music composer André Stordeur was born 1941 in Haine - Saint - Paul .
Tijana Arnautović ( born 1986 ) is a Bosnian Serb - Canadian beauty pageant titleholder .
Graham Webster ( born 15 May 1992 ) is a Scottish football Midfielder currently playing for Montrose .
Eddie Germano ( born 1924 ) is a cartoonist who is best known for his sports cartoons .
Tsvetan Atanasov ( Bulgarian : Цветан Атанасов ) ( born 10 April 1948 ) was a Bulgarian football player , playing as a central midfield .
Gerhard Präsent ( born 21 June 1957 , in Graz ) is an Austrian composer , conductor and academic .
Gregg Saretsky ( born 1959 in Châteauguay , Quebec ) is the current President and CEO of WestJet , a carrier based in Calgary , Alberta .
Prince Edward Taw Phaya ( Burmese : တော်ဘုရား , born 22 March 1924 , also known as Tun Aung ) is the Pretender to the Throne of Burma ( abolished in 1885 ) .
Agustín González Tapia ( born 30 January 1983 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a midfielder for Unión La Calera of the Chilean Primera División .
Muhammad Kashif Shahid ( Urdu : محمد کاشف شاہد ) ( born 31 January 1985 ) commonly known as Kashif Butt ( Urdu : کاشف بٹ ) is a Pakistani poet .
Wilbär is a polar bear who was born in captivity at the Wilhelma Zoo in Stuttgart , Germany on 10 December 2007 .
Mary Anne Keeley , née Goward ( 22 November 1805 -- 12 March 1899 ) was an English actress and actor - manager .
Peter Stojanovič ( born 18 March 1990 ) is a Slovenian football Midfielder who plays for FC ŠTK 1914 Šamorínin the Slovak 2 .
Artsyom Vasilyew ( Belarusian : Арцём Васíльеў , pronounced ( arˈtsʲɔm vaˈsʲilʲɛw ) ; Russian : Артём Васи́льев , tr . Artyom Vasilyev ; IPA : ( ɐrˈtʲɵm vɐˈsʲilʲɪf ) ; born 23 January 1997 ) is a Belarusian footballer .
Donald Pass ( 9 September 1930 -- 3 December 2010 ) is a British painter whose art has been compared to that of William Blake by a reviewer in an Oxford newspaper , among others .
Adolf Muschg ( born 13 May 1934 ) is a Swiss writer and professor of literature .
Aisleyne Horgan - Wallace ( /æʃˈliːn ˈhɔːrɡən ˈwɒlᵻs/ ; born 28 December 1978 ) is a British glamour model , fashion designer , magazine columnist , actress , and television and media personality .
Edward Doran ( 1885 -- 15 December 1945 ) was a British film producer and politician who served as a Conservative Member of Parliament .
Vivienne Dick ( born 1950 ) is an Irish feminist experimental and documentary filmmaker .
Weronika Szmajdzińska ( born 1994 ) is a Polish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Polonia 2015 and represented Poland in Miss Universe 2015 pageant .
Wilhelm Ohlandt ( 15 October 1886 -- ? ? ) was a Norwegian civil servant .
Jamie Spencer ( born 8 June 1980 ) is an Irish flat racing jockey currently riding in the UK .
Sir Brian McGrath , GCVO ( born 1925 ) was the Private Secretary to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh .
Henry Wisner ( c. 1720 -- March 4 , 1790 ) was an American miller from Goshen , New York .
Or Havivyan ( born 27 December 1994 , in Be'er Sheva ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Be'er Sheva as a Central Midfielder .
Carl Weathersby ( born Carlton Weathersby , 24 February 1953 , Jackson , Mississippi ) is an American electric blues vocalist , guitarist , and songwriter .
Jure Dobelšek ( born 1 April 1984 in Celje , Slovenia ) is a professional handball player currently playing for RK Cimos Koper .
Zheng Bijian ( Chinese : 郑必坚 , born 1932 ) is a longtime advisor to the leadership of China .
Salvatore Totino A.S.C. ( born 1964 , Brooklyn , New York , USA ) is an American cinematographer .
Pamela O. Long ( born 1943 ) is an independent American historian specializing in late Medieval and Renaissance history and the history of science and technology .
Sakmongkol Sithchuchok ( Thai : ศักดิ์มงคล ศิษย์ชูโชค ; born 6 July 1973 ) is a Thai super middleweight Muay Thai - kickboxer .
Saša Kolman ( born 1 May 1984 ) is a Slovenian football manager and a former player capped for Slovenia U-18 national team .
Edward Clodd ( 1 July 1840 , Margate , Kent -- 16 March 1930 ) was an English banker , writer and anthropologist .
Julian Anderson ( born 6 April 1967 ) is a British composer and teacher of composition .
Edward Shenderovich ( born 1976 ) is a Russian - American entrepreneur and poet .
Josh Begley ( born 1984 ) is an American internet artist .
Youma Diakite ( born 1 May 1971 ) , also known simply as Youma , is a Malian model , actress and television personality , mainly active in Italy .
Ernest Ferdinand Grecian , best known as Barney Grecian ( 1872 -- 2 June 1919 ) was an Australian rules football player .
Zhang Shichang ( simplified Chinese : 张世昌 ; traditional Chinese : 張世昌 ; pinyin : Zhāng Shìchāng ; born 5 January 1989 ) is a Chinese professional football player who currently plays for Guangzhou R&F in the Chinese Super League .
William Scoresby Routledge , FRGS ( 1859 - -1939 ) was a British ethnographer , anthropologist and adventurer .
Christian Calon ( born 5 September 1950 ) is a French - born Canadian composer who is active in electroacoustic music .
Michael Letwin ( born 1956 ) is a public defender in Brooklyn , New York , .
Masha Qrella ( real name Masha Kurell , born 1975 in East Berlin ) is a German singer / songwriter .
Giancarlo Minardi ( born 18 September 1947 ) is the founder and former Managing Director of the now - defunct Minardi Formula One team .
Generał broni Edward Pietrzyk ( born 3 November 1949 ) is a Polish military officer , diplomat and general in the Polish Army .
Shizzio ( born Shazad Khan , 12 July 1986 ) , is an English recording artist .
John Trivers ( born 1946 ) is an American songwriter and musician , the recipient of gold and platinum records for his involvement with Blue Öyster Cult and Tina Turner , and the co - writer with his wife and partner Elizabeth Myers of several popular themes for commercials , television programs , and film scores .
Alan Caves ( born 5 January 1966 in Hillingdon ) is an English darts player who plays in the Professional Darts Corporation .
Frank Lentricchia ( born 1940 ) is an American literary critic , novelist , and film teacher .
Richard H. Wilkinson ( born 1951 ) is an archaeologist in the field of Egyptology .
A. C. Sreehari ( born 1970 ) is a poet in Malayalam literature .
Bruce Woolley ( born 11 November 1953 ) is an English writer , performer , record producer and composer .
Cha Yun - hee ( Hangul : 차연희 , born 26 February 1986 ) is a South Korean football player who is currently playing WK - League side Goyang Daekyo Noonnoppi .
Stephen A. Decatur ( born 1813 , died 1888 or 1889 ) , born Stephen Decatur Bross and often referred to as Commodore Decatur , was one of the earliest settlers in Nebraska .
Bill Dalkin ( 15 November 1921 -- 27 November 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vũ Đình Long ( 19 December 1896 - 14 August 1960 ) was a Vietnamese dramatist noted for the first western style spoken play in Vietnamese - A cup of Poison in 1921 .
Sandro Bolchi ( 18 January 1924 -- 2 August 2005 ) was an Italian director , actor and journalist .
Antonius Philippus René Laanen ( born 23 January 1952 ) is a Dutch bass trombonist .
Milorad Roganović ( born 1951 ) is a journalist and graduated sociology professor .
Roberto Soldado Rillo ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈβerto solˈdaðo ˈriʎo ) ; born 27 May 1985 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a striker .
Stanley Christodoulou ( Greek : Χριστοδούλου ) ( born 31 January 1944 in Johannesburg ) is a South African international boxing judge and referee .
Talan Skeels - Piggins ( born 10 September 1970 in Bath , Somerset ) is a World Champion 600cc ( Paralysed category ) and British alpine skier .
Leo Hebert ( born c. 1932 ) is a Canadian retired curler .
Muluken Melesse ( born 1954 ) is an Ethiopian singer and drummer .
Lady Oyinkansola Abayomi ( also known as Oyinkan ) ( March 6 , 1897 -- March 19 , 1990 ) was a Nigerian nationalist and feminist .
Larry Stabbins ( born 9 September 1949 in Bristol ) is a British jazz saxophonist , flutist and composer .
Jean - Pierre Canlis ( born 1973 ) is an American glass artist .
Adam C. Hochfelder ( born 1971 ) is an American real estate executive who co - founded the real estate firm Max Capital in 1996 , with members of the powerful Kalikow real estate family .
Nathaniel Colgan ( 1851 Dublin -- 1919 Dublin ) was a self - taught Irish naturalist primarily known for his botanical work .
Lee Loevinger ( April 24 , 1913 -- April 26 , 2004 ) was an American jurist and lawyer .
Yoo Young - ho ( Korean : 유영호 , born 1965 ) is a South Korean sculptor .
Douglas Thomas ( born 1966 ) is an American scholar , researcher , and journalist .
Candice Adams ( born 23 November 1988 ) is a Queensland netballer from the Gold Coast .
Salomon Sambia ( born 7 September 1996 ) , commonly known as Junior Sambia , is a French professional footballer who currently plays for Chamois Niortais .
David Buckley ( born 7 June 1976 ) is a British film score composer living in Los Angeles .
Evan Balfour ( born 9 September 1965 ) is a Scottish footballer , who played in the Scottish Football League for Airdrieonians and Ayr United .
Dr. Chukka Ramaiah ( born 20 November 1925 ) popularly known as IIT Ramaiah is an Indian educationist and MLC of Telangana .
Øistein Lars Hasvold ( 1908 -- 1964 ) was a Norwegian organizational director .
Ma Xiaotian ( Chinese : 马晓天 ; pinyin : Mǎ Xiǎotiān ; born August 1949 ) is a general and Commander of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Anders Stone ( born in 1964 ) is a painter and multimedia artist .
Roland Edge ( born 25 November 1978 ) is an English footballer who plays and coaches at non - league Folkestone Invicta .
Grant Goldman ( born 3 February 1950 ) is an Australian radio and TV personality .
Darina Valitova ( Russian : Дарина Валитова ) ( born 9 February 1997 ) is a Russian competitor in Solo and Mixed Duet synchronized swimming .
Engineer Habibullah Qaderi ( born 1961 in Kandahar province , Afghanistan ) is a former Minister of Counter Narcotics in Afghanistan , serving between January 2004 and July 2007 .
John Fielder ( born 1950 ) is an American landscape photographer , nature writer , publisher of over 40 books , and conservationist .
Zsuzsanna Emese Mokcsay ( born 30 January 1940 in Budapest , Hungary ) is an American author , activist , journalist , playwright and songwriter of Hungarian origin who writes about feminist spirituality and Dianic Wicca under the pen name Zsuzsanna Budapest or Z. Budapest .
Frédérick Têtu is a teacher born in the city of Québec ( Qc , Canada ) in 1967 .
Barrie Karp ( born 1945 in Laredo , Texas ) is an artist , independent scholar and academic .
David Hepworth ( born 27 July 1950 ) is a music journalist , writer and publishing industry analyst who has launched several successful British magazines .
Ossian Donner ( 1866 - -1957 ) was a Finnish industrialist , engineer , senator and diplomat .
Peter James Knight ( born 1 January 1954 ) is an anti - abortion activist who shot dead a security guard in an Australian abortion clinic .
Stéphane Martine ( born 5 March 1978 ) is a French footballer , playing as a striker .
Sir Anthony Peter McCoy OBE ( born 4 May 1974 ) , commonly known as A. P. McCoy or Tony McCoy , is a Northern Irish former horse racing jockey .
Harry Fielder ( born 26 April 1940 ) is an English actor and supporting artist who has worked extensively in British films and television since the 1960s .
Steven Kretiuk ( born 4 July 1972 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Western Bulldogs in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dame Catherine Fiona Woolf , DBE , JP ( née Swain ; born 11 May 1948 ) is a British corporate lawyer .
Edward Cowie ( born 17 August 1943 ) is an English composer , author , natural scientist , and painter
Claudia Melchers ( born 6 May 1969 , Ruurlo ) is the Dutch head of a cooking company called CMC Catering .
José Elias Moedim Júnior ( born 25 September 1976 ) , commonly known as Zé Elias , is a Brazilian retired footballer .
Dragoș Protopopescu ( 1892 , Călăraşi -- 1948 ) was a Romanian writer , poet , critic and philosopher .
Konstanti Kakhay or Konstanti Kakhi ( Georgian : კონსტანტი კახაჲ ; კონსტანტი კახი ) ( 768 -- November 10 , 853 ) was a Christian Georgian nobleman from Kartli , who was seized captive by the Abbasid general Bugha al - Kabir during his 853 expedition into the Caucasus .
Bulcha Demeksa ( born 1930 ) is an outspoken Ethiopian politician and businessman .
Harold Frederick Neville Gye ( 22 May 1888 - -25 November 1967 ) , who published under the name Hal Gye , was an author of cartoons , illustrations and articles for early Australian newspapers and journals .
Tarmo Mitt ( born 22 May 1977 ) is an Estonian professional strongman competitor and regular entrant to the World 's Strongest Man competition .
Dayton Duncan ( born September 3 , 1949 ) was the writer and co - producer of The National Parks :
Joseph Ferrers ( 1725 - -1797 ) , was an English Carmelite friar .
Thomas Southwell , 2nd Baron Southwell PC ( Ire ) , FRS ( 7 January 1698 -- 19 November 1766 ) , styled The Honourable from 1717 until 1720 , was an Irish peer , politician and freemason .
Jone Macilai - Tori ( born 27 August 1990 in Suva , Fiji ) , is a professional rugby union player .
George Edward Watts ( 1786 -- December 2 , 1860 ) commanded a Royal Navy ship during the War of 1812 .
József Vura ( born 6 February 1955 in Paks ) is a former Hungarian international handball player and handball coach , who was most recently in charge by HK IUVENTA Michalovce .
David John de Laubenfels or D. J. de Laubenfels ( born 1925 ) is an American botanist known as an expert on tropical conifers .
Pierre Guariche ( 1926 - -95 ) was a French designer , interior decorator and architect .
Jodie Marsh ( born 23 December 1978 ) is an English media personality , bodybuilder and occasional glamour model .
Thomas Taylor , Baron Taylor of Blackburn CBE ( born 10 June 1929 ) is a former Labour member of the House of Lords .
Kewullay Conteh ( born 31 December 1977 ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer currently unattached .
Brian O'Keeffe ( born 1977 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a right corner - forward for the Cork senior team .
Athanasios Papoulis ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Παπούλης ; 1921 -- April 25 , 2002 ) was a Greek - American engineer and applied mathematician .
Cenap Aşçı ( born 1967 ) is a Turkish politician and civil servant who served as the Minister of Customs and Trade in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu from 28 August to 17 November 2015 .
John Brownlie ( born 11 March 1952 ) is a Scottish former football player who played for Pumpherston Juniors , Hibernian , Newcastle United , Middlesbrough , Hartlepool United , Berwick Rangers , Blyth Spartans and Scotland .
Terry Watkinson ( born 1940 in what is now Thunder Bay , Ontario ) is an artist , painter , illustrator , and musician .
Walter Chiari ( ˈvalter ˈkjaːri ) , stage name of Walter Annicchiarico ( 8 March 1924 - 20 December 1991 ) , was a hugely successful Italian stage and screen actor , mostly in comedy roles .
Elena Rover ( born 1966 ) is a digital strategy consultant in the New York area .
Jeannette Bougrab was born 26 August 1973 in Déols ( Indre ) , to a Harki father .
Mario Cassano ( born 8 October 1983 ) is an Italian professional footballer
John R. Adler ( born 1954 ) is an American neurosurgeon .
Jaya Sharma ( born 17 September 1980 in Ghaziabad ) is an Indian cricketer who has played one women 's test match and 77 women 's one - day internationals including the 2005 Women 's Cricket World Cup in South Africa .
Hanna Winsnes ( 29 August 1789 -- 19 October 1872 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist and non - fiction writer .
Karel Lismont ( born 8 March 1949 ) is a former Belgian long - distance runner .
Michael von Newlinsky ( 1891 - -1964 ) was an Austrian film actor who appeared in numerous supporting roles during his career , in films such as Georg Wilhelm Pabst 's Pandora 's Box ( 1929 ) .
Mohammad Laeeq ( Urdu : محمد لئیق‎ ; born 4 August 1989 in Faisalabad ) is a Pakistani cricketer .
Ioanna Papantoniou ( Greek ; Ιωάννα Παπαντωνίου , b. 1936 ) is a Greek author , scenic designer , costume designer and folklorist .
Igor Andreyevich Polyanski ( Russian : Игорь Андреевич Полянский , also transliterated as Polyanskiy or Polyansky ) , born 16 January 1990 in Zhelesnogorsk ) , is a Russian professional triathlete , Russian Sprint Champion 2010 and a permanent member of the Russian National Team .
István Nemere ( born in Pécs on 8 November , 1944 ) is a Hungarian novelist , Esperantist , and translator .
Aharon Mor ( Hebrew : אהרון מור‎ , born 22 August 1947 ) is a Polish - born Israeli civil servant who , as senior director , heads the Restitution of Rights and Jewish Property Department at the Israeli Ministry of Pensioner Affairs , which is affiliated with the Prime Minister 's Office .
Michael Grundy ( born 1 March 1987 ) is a British freestyle wrestler , who competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games for Team England finishing 5th overall .
Paul Bonga Bonga ( born 25 April 1933 in Ebonda ) was a Congolese footballer of the 1950s and 1960s .
Michael Derrick Hudson ( born 1963 ) is an American poet and librarian .
William Trent ( 1715 -- c. 1787 ) was a fur trader and merchant based in colonial Pennsylvania .
Thomas Edvard von Westen Sylow ( 3 August 1792 -- 20 December 1875 ) was the Norwegian Minister of the Army 1848 - -1852 and 1852 - -1853 , and member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm 1851 - -1852 and 1853 - -1854 .
Isabelle Hudon , born in 1967 , is a Canadian businesswoman .
Fredric Jameson ( born 14 April 1934 ) is an American literary critic and Marxist political theorist .
Nadir Khashimov ( born 16 August 1990 ) is a classical violinist who began his studies at the age of 7 .
Dominic Dale ( born Christopher Dale on 29 December 1971 ) is a Welsh professional snooker player and occasional snooker commentator and presenter for the BBC .
Hồ Trung Dũng ( 1984 ) is a popular Vietnamese singer .
Joel Untersee ( born 11 February 1994 ) is a Swiss - South African footballer who currently plays as a Defender for Serie A champions Juventus .
Daniel Askill ( born 1977 ) is an Australian filmmaker and artist who uses film , photographs , video installation and sculpture in his work .
Christophe Decarnin , ( pronounced : ( kʁis.tɔf də.kaʁ.nɛ̃ ) , born 1964 in Le Touquet ) , is a French fashion designer .
Nicolas Morice ( born 1774 ) was a French navy officer .
Ali Akbar Alizad ( Persian : علی اکبر علیزاد‎‎ ; born 1973 ) is a theater director in Iran .
Lisa Allen ( born 29 April 1981 ) is a British chef best known for being executive chef of the Michelin starred Northcote Manor .
DJ Reach ( born Semu A. Namakajo in 1979 ) is an American music producer and DJ . He is considered a prominent figure in the New York City and Las Vegas club scene and first gained significant notice after being the official DJ for Last Call with Carson Daly .
Corey Rozzoni ( born February 1 , 1973 ) , also known as Rizzo , is an American rock guitarist .
Daniel Gorringe ( born 2 June 1992 ) is a professional Australian rules footballer playing for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Carl - Ulrik Schierup ( born 1948 ) is a Swedish Professor of Ethnicity at Linköping University .
Alexandra Mavrokordatou ( Greek : Αλεξάνδρα Μαυροκορδάτου ; 1605 - -1684 ) was a famous Greek intellectual and salonist .
Josh Hodgson ( born 31 October 1989 in Hull ) is an English rugby league player for Canberra Raiders in the NRL .
Maharana Sangram Singh ( 12 April 1484 -- 30 January 1528 ) commonly known as Rana Sanga , was Rana of Mewar and head of a powerful confederacy threatening all the non - Indian Muslim dynasties of India during the 16th century .
Professor Mooli Lahad ( Hebrew : מולי להד‎ ; born 1953 ) is an Israeli psychologist and psychotrauma specialist , known for his creative methods of intervention and treatment of stress .
Rajagopal Muthukumaraswamy ( born 2 December 1936 ) is a publisher , librarian , translator and a Tamil scholar .
Alexander Knaster ( born 19 February 1959 ) is an international billionaire businessman , founder of Pamplona Capital Management .
Pasquale Camerlengo ( born 14 April 1966 ) is an Italian former competitive ice dancer who is now a coach and choreographer .
Jorge Alderete ( born 1971 ) , also known as Dr. Alderete , is an Argentine illustrator , animator , editor and owner of several businesses , best known for his comic book and kitsch aesthetic in his work .
Adrienne Albert ( born 1941 ) is an American composer living and working in Santa Monica , California .
Lieutenant General Mohammad Ahmed Zaki ( born 20 January 1935 , Hyderabad , Telangana ) is a retired army general .
Peter Hajba ( born 15 December 1974 ) , also known by his demoscene nickname Skaven , is a Finnish electronic musician , video game composer and graphic artist .
Marty Wilde ( born Reginald Leonard Smith , 15 April 1939 ) is an English singer and songwriter .
Isacco Ravaioli , best known as Isarco Ravaioli ( 3 March 1933 -- 15 February 2004 ) , was an Italian film actor .
Aung Myat was born on 14 April 1963 to parents Nyunt Aung and Khin Kyi , in Pwela , Pindaya Township , Burma .
Zhao Ying ( 趙瑩 ) ( 885 - June 8 , 951 ) , courtesy name Yuanhui ( 元輝 ) , was an official of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period states Later Tang and Later Jin , serving as a chancellor during Later Jin .
Marjorie Hewitt Suchocki ( born 1933 ) is an author and United Methodist professor emerita of theology at Claremont School of Theology .
Matthew Alpern ( 1920 - 1996 ) was an American physiologist known for his research on color vision and color blindness .
Dheiraj Kapoor ( born 25 October 1978 ) is an Indian film actor , model , director , producer and entrepreneur .
Torsten Zuberbier ( born 28 February 1962 ) is a German dermatologist and allergologist .
Fanni Kenyeres ( born 1 October 1978 in Salgótarján ) is a retired Hungarian international handball player and World Championship bronze medalist .
Simon Laffy ( born 11 October 1958 ) is an English bassist , a member of Man Raze and former member of Girl .
Erling Steen ( 6 March 1891 -- 22 September 1961 ) was a Norwegian businessman , humanitarian leader and member of the Norwegian resistance movement in World War II .
Anders Haglund ( born 4 November 1964 ) is a Swedish former professional golfer .
Lisa A. Hertzner ( born August 21 , 1972 ) , better known by the stage name Lisa Casalino , is an American singer - songwriter and musician recognized for vocal performance within the jazz genre .
Cita Potokar ( 28 November 1915 - 28 November 1993 ) was a Slovene painter also known for her illustrations of children 's books .
Ole Fogh Kirkeby ( born 1947 ) is a Danish philosopher and a professor at Copenhagen Business School in the Philosophy of Leadership .
Juliana Farha ( born 1966 ) is a Canadian writer and businesswoman who lives in London , England .
Nelson Borges da Costa , known as Nelson Borges ( born 17 October 1992 ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who is currently a free agent .
John Altham ( 1589 -- November 5 , 1640 ) was a British Jesuit missionary who came to North America to preach to the Native Americans .
Panagiotis Kourdakis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κουρδάκης ; born 15 August 1988 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Iraklis in the Greek Football League as a center back .
Warwick Collins ( born 14 December 1948 - 10 February 2013 ) was a British novelist , screenwriter , yacht designer , and evolutionary theorist .
Sebastian Kienle ( born 6 July 1984 ) is a German long - distance triathlete .
Marion Clyde McCarroll ( 1891 - 1977 ) was a writer and journalist .
Aldo Vannucchi ( born 24 September 1928 ) is an educator from Sorocaba , Brazil , former rector of the University of Sorocaba UNISO .
Maggie dela Riva ( born Magdalena T. dela Riva in 1942 ) in the Philippines , is a Filipino movie actress , who has appeared in about 80 films .
Luís Fabiano Clemente ( born 8 November 1980 ) , commonly known as Luís Fabiano , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Tianjin Quanjian as a striker .
Rick Oginz ( born 1944 ) is an American visual artist born in Philadelphia .
Erik De Beck ( born 6 June 1951 ) is a Belgian former long - distance runner who specialised in cross country running .
Cia Berg ( born 2 December 1963 ) , now known as Cia Soro , is a Swedish television presenter and singer .
Yin Anna ( born 23 March 1992 in Shandong ) is a Chinese long - distance runner who specializes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
John Brian Bolus ( born 31 January 1934 ) is a former English cricketer who played in seven Tests from 1963 to 1964 .
Brenda Hean ( 1910 - 1972 ) was a member of the Lake Pedder Action Committee ( LPAC ) and a resident of Hobart , Tasmania at the time of the flooding of Lake Pedder .
Marco Fusi ( 1972 ) is an Italian clarinetist and composer , known for his collaborations with some of the leading names in the Italian cultural scene .
Nancy Thomas ( 23 August 1918 -- 7 January 2015 ) was a British television producer known for her work within the Talks Department of BBC Television .
Anna Rogowska ( born 21 May 1981 ) is a retired Polish athlete who specialised in the pole vault .
Yang Anjiang ( Chinese : 阳安江 ; pinyin : Yáng Ānjiāng ; born August 1945 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
James S. Robbins ( born 1962 ) is a commentary writer for USA Today and Senior Fellow for National Security Affairs on the American Foreign Policy Council .
Augustus Jules Bouvier ( 1827 - -1881 ) was a French - born English painter active in London .
Inger Bjørnbakken , married Weimer ( born 28 December 1933 ) is a former Norwegian alpine skier .
James Mathews Leigh ( 1808 -- 20 April 1860 ) was an English art educator , painter , writer , dramatist and critic .
Elspeth Howe , Baroness Howe of Idlicote CBE ( born Elspeth Rosamund Morton Shand ; 8 February 1932 ) is a British Crossbencher life peer who has served in many capacities in public life .
Philippe - Louis - François Badelard ( 25 May 1728 -- 7 February 1802 ) was an army officer and surgeon from France who came to Louisbourg , Cape Breton Island , in 1757 .
Anita De Bauch ( born 15 January 1986 ) is the professional name used by an English model from London , England .
Danny Denzongpa ( born 25 February 1948 ) is an Indian actor , of Sikkimese Bhutia descent , working in Bollywood films though he has also appeared in several Nepali , Tamil , Bengali & Telugu films as well and is also film director and singer as well .
Nityananda Saha ( 1940 - -2005 ) was a Bengali Indian academic administrator and a professor of inorganic chemistry .
Simon Kerrod ( born 25 August 1992 ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with English RFU Championship side Jersey .
Guenther Roth ( German spelling Günther Roth , b. 12 January 1931 in Wolfskehlen near Darmstadt , Germany ) is a German - American sociologist .
Anna S. Þorvaldsdóttir ( Anna Thorvaldsdottir ) ( born 1977 ) is an Icelandic composer and 2012 winner of the Nordic Council Music Prize .
Ali Karim ( Persian : علی کریم , born 10 October 1977 ) is an Iranian film director and screenwriter .
Csaba Szücs ( Hungarian : Szűcs Csaba ; born 28 July 1987 in Košice ) is a Slovakian team handball player , belonging to the Hungarian minority .
Giovanni Fortunatti ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ɡioβɐni fortʃunati ) , born 22 May 1984 ) is a former Brazilian footballer .
Hanna Alwan , MLM ( born on 20 September 1954 in Aytou , Lebanon ) is Curial bishop of the Maronite Catholic Patriarchate of Antioch .
Anand Goradia ( born 23 November 1975 ) is an Indian television actor and writer .
Debi Prasanna Pattanayak ( born 14 March 1931 ) is an Indian professor , linguist , social scientist and author .
Joseph A. Meyer ( c. 1895 -- July 14 , 1970 ) was an American football , basketball , and baseball coach .
Tracey Childs ( born 30 May 1963 ) is an English actress , known for playing Lynne Howard in the 1980s drama series Howards ' Way .
Malky McCormick ( born 1943 in Glasgow , Scotland ) is a cartoonist and caricaturist .
Agathe Uwilingiyimana ( Kinyarwanda : ( uwiliɲɟijimɑ̂ːnɑ ) ; 23 May 1953 -- 7 April 1994 ) , sometimes known as Madame Agathe , was a Rwandan political figure .
Mustafa Changazi ( مصطفئ ݘݩگݐڒی , born 1990 ) is a Pakistani actor , ex - RJ , Voice over artist and model .
Rune Gjeldnes ( born 20 May 1971 in Surnadal ) is a Norwegian adventurer .
William Bernard O'Donoghue ( 1843 -- 16 March 1878 ) was an Irish - American noted as having been the treasurer in the provisional government established by Louis Riel at the Red River Colony during the Red River Rebellion of 1869 -- 1870 .
Oksana Kalashnikova ( Georgian : ოქსანა კალაშნიკოვა ; born 5 September 1990 ) is a professional Georgian tennis player of Russian origin .
Alp Yalman ( born 1 January 1940 ) is a Turkish businessman and former chairman of the Turkish sports club Galatasaray .
Albert Ashwood ( born 1959 ) is American emergency management official from the State of Oklahoma .
Josh Vivian ( born 13 December 1990 ) is an Indian composer , singer , and songwriter based in Chennai , Tamil Nadu .
Suzanne Todd ( born 1965 ) is an American film and television producer whose movies have grossed over two billion dollars worldwide .
John Bradbury , 3rd Baron Bradbury ( born 1940 , of Winsford in the County of Chester ) , is a British peer , the third holder of the title Baron Bradbury .
Bobby Gonzalez ( born March 18 , 1963 ) is the former head coach of the Seton Hall University Pirates men 's basketball team .
Eliza Sam ( Chinese : 岑麗香 ; born 17 November 1984 ) is a Canadian actress based in Hong Kong , and is currently under contract in TVB .
Juraj Minčík ( born 27 March 1977 in Spišská Stará Ves ) is a Slovak slalom canoeist who competed from the mid-1990s to the late 2000s ( decade ) .
Marta Burgay ( 30 . November 1976 , Torino ) is an Italian radio astronomer whose initial claim to fame was being the discoverer of PSR J0737 - 3039 , the first double pulsar ( two pulsars orbiting each other ) , through using the 64-metre Parkes radio telescope in Australia .
Philippe Paolantoni ( born 1952 ) is a French civil servant and administrator .
Atta Kim ( born 1956 ) is a South Korean photographer who has been active since the mid-1980s .
Godfrey Pilkington ( 8 November 1918 - 8 July 2007 ) was an art dealer , director and co - founder of the Piccadilly Gallery Pilkington is remembered for his work at the Piccadilly Gallery and in the community of St. Helen 's from where his family operated Pilkington Glass from 1826 to 2006 .
Robert Opel ( 23 October 1939 -- 7 July 1979 ) was a photographer and art gallery owner most famous as the man who streaked during the 46th Academy Awards in 1974 .
Hans - Martin Sass ( born December 1935 ) , is a bioethicist .
Samira Saleh Ali al - Naimi ( 1963 -- 22 September 2014 ) was an Iraqi human rights activist and lawyer .
Sir Christopher Robinson ( 1766 - -1833 ) , admiralty lawyer , born in 1766 , was son of Dr. Christopher Robinson , rector of Albury , Oxfordshire , and Wytham , Berkshire , who died at Albury on 24 January 1802 .
Wouter Wippert ( born 14 August 1990 ) is a Dutch professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for Cannondale .
Friedrich Nowottny ( born 16 May 1929 in Hindenburg ( Poland ) ) is a German television journalist .
Denisa Smolenová ( born 14 February 1989 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak swimmer who competes in the women 's 100 metre butterfly .
HC Gilje ( born 1969 ) is a Norwegian artist who works with realtime environments , installations , live performance , set design and single channel video .
Luigi Maifredi ( born 20 April 1947 ) , commonly known as Gigi Maifredi , is an Italian football manager , currently working as a technical collaborator of Brescia in the Serie B league .
Robert Brydon Jones , MBE ( born 3 May 1965 ) , known as Rob Brydon , is a Welsh actor , comedian , radio and television presenter , singer and impressionist .
Alija Bešić ( born 30 March 1975 , in Zavidovići , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a retired Luxembourgian professional football player of Bosnian descent .
Orlando Jacinto Garcia ( born 1954 ; surname sometimes spelled García ) is a Cuban - American composer of contemporary classical music .
Gavrik Losey ( born 1938 ) is an American born key participant in various aspects of filmmaking including producer and production manager .
Chitchanok Xaysensourinthone ( Thai : ชิตชนก ไชยเสนสุรินธร ; rtgs : Chitchanok Chaisensurinthon , born 23 August 1994 ) , is a Swiss - born Thai - Lao professional footballer currently playing for Suphanburi in the Thai Premier League .
Krzysztof Buchowski ( born 1969 ) is a Polish historian at Institute of History at University of Białystok .
Oscar Martel ( February 1848 -- 1924 ) was a renowned Canadian violinist and violin teacher .
Marilyn Cole ( born 7 May 1949 ) is Playboy magazine 's January 1972 Playmate of the Month .
David Tai Bornoff ( born 1980 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American writer , Advertising Creative Director , photographer , film director and multimedia artist .
Edward Meyrick FRS ( 24 November 1854 -- 31 March 1938 ) was an English schoolmaster and amateur entomologist .
Benjamin Gregory ( born 21 November 1990 ) is a British decathlete .
David Boyd Haycock ( born 1968 in Banbury , Oxfordshire ) is a British writer of non - fiction .
Helen Shingler ( born 19 August 1919 ) is a British film actress and the mother of actor Anthony Stewart Head and singer / musician Murray Head .
Sir Philip Warwick ( 24 December 1609 -- 15 January 1683 ) , English writer and politician , born in Westminster , was the son of Thomas Warwick , or Warrick , a musician .
Étienne Djaument ( born 1911 in Ivory Coast ) was an Ivorian politician who was elected to the French Senate in 1947 .
Johannes Daniel Dahm ( * born 1969 at Cologne ) is a German geographer , ecologist , activist , consultant and entrepreneur .
Manni Sandhu ( born Amrinder Singh Sandhu ) was born on 26 September 1989 .
Letitia Elizabeth Rudge , better known as Letty Lind ( 21 December 1861 -- 27 August 1923 ) , was an English actress , singer , dancer and acrobat , best known for her work in burlesque at the Gaiety Theatre , and in musical theatre at Daly 's Theatre , in London .
François Louis - Marie ( born 13 October 1961 ) is a French Guianan professional football manager .
Ranjanben Dhananjay Bhatt ( born 10 August 1962 Birth Place- Rayma - hansot , Bharuch ( Gujarat))is a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party who won the By elections , 2014 from the Vadodara ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
Paul Martin Andrews ( born 1959 ) is an American rape survivor and an advocate for rape survivors .
Felipe Campanholi Martins , commonly known as Felipe ( born 30 September 1990 ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for New York Red Bulls of Major League Soccer .
Charles Swinnerton Heap ( 10 April 1847 - 11 June 1900 ) was an English organist and composer .
Julie Laipply ( born 1978 ) also known as Julie Marie Carrier or Julie Carrier is an award winning speaker , author and role model who is especially recognized for her work promoting youth leadership and self - esteem in young women .
Yaakov Elman ( born 1943 ) is a professor of Talmud at Yeshiva University 's Bernard Revel Graduate School of Jewish Studies where he holds the Herbert S. and Naomi Denenberg Chair in Talmudic Studies .
Henry Quastler ( 1908 - -1963 ) was an Austrian physician and radiologist who became a pioneer in the field of information theory applied to biology after emigrating to America .
Matteo Negrini ( born 21 December 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who played in the last two season for Italian fourth division club Alessandria .
Morris George Cornell Vaagenes ( 1929- ) has been a leader in the national and international Lutheran and Ecumenical Charismatic movement since 1970 , the largest spiritual awakening movement in history , with 650,000,000 Christians involved in its transformational power .
Dally Messenger III ( born 1938 ) is a civil celebrant , author , publisher , commentator , and a founder and chronicler of the civil celebrant movement which originated in Australia .
Marco Gebhardt ( born 7 October 1972 ) is a German football manager and former football player .
Mamdouh Habib was born on 3 June 1955 in Alexandria , Egypt , where he grew up in a Muslim family .
Mary Anne Atwood ( née South ) , ( 1817 - -1910 ) , was an English writer on hermeticism and spiritual alchemy .
Neville Brody ( born 23 April 1957 ) is an English graphic designer , typographer and art director .
Ethel Merston ( 23 December 1882 , London -- 19 March 1967 , Tiruvannamalai , India ) was one of G. I. Gurdjieff 's first students at his Institute for the Harmonious Development of Man , at the Prieuré in Fontainebleau - en - Avon , France .
Ryan Esders ( born 20 October 1986 in England ) , is an English rugby league player for Harlequins Rugby League in the European Super League competition .
Adam Neuser ( c. 1530 -- 1576 ) was a Protestant pastor of Heidelberg who held Antitrinitarian views .
Christina Hembo ( born 1978 ) is a Danish watch designer and entrepreneur , who owns the company Christina Design London and the Danish cycling team Christina Watches .
Hans - Georg Backhaus ( born 1929 ) is a German Marxian economist and philosopher .
Gilbert Livingston Wilson ( 1869 -- 1930 ) was an American ethnographer and a Presbyterian minister .
Guo Songling ( simplified Chinese : 郭松龄 ; traditional Chinese : 郭松齡 ; pinyin : Guō Sōnglíng ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo Sung - ling ) ( 1883 -- 24 December 1925 ) was a Manchurian general who led a three - month rebellion against his commanding warlord - Zhang Zuolin .
Sila Puafisi ( born 15 April 1988 ) is a Tongan international rugby union player , currently playing for Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12 .
Roderick Wellington ( born 13 July 1978 in Tooting , England ) is a British professional basketball player , and currently plays for the Leicester Riders in the British Basketball League .
George Preston ( c. 1659 -- 1748 ) was a Scottish army officer , known for his involvement in the Jacobite uprisings .
Alexandra Chekina ( born 10 February 1993 ) is a track and road cyclist from Russia .
Herman A. DeVry ( 1876 - 1941 ) was an American inventor , aviator , and colleague of Lee DeForest .
Angelika Führing ( born on 4 October 1976 in Vienna ) was an Austrian ice dancer .
David Hubbard ( 1792 -- January 20 , 1874 ) was a U.S. Representative from Alabama , cousin of Sam Houston .
Ginés de Mafra ( 1493 - -1546 ) was a Portuguese or Spanish explorer who sailed to the Philippines in the 16th century .
John Meesen ( born 20 June 1986 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Melbourne Football Club and Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dr. Hou Kok Chung ( simplified Chinese : 何国忠 ; traditional Chinese : 何國忠 ; born 22 February 1963 ) is a Malaysian politician and was one of the Deputy Ministers for Higher Education along with Dato Saifuddin Abdullah in the Malaysian Cabinet .
Walter Butler , 16th Earl of Ormonde and 9th Earl of Ossory ( de jure ; 10 June 1703 -- 2 June 1783 ) , succeeded his first cousin as de jure Earl of Ormonde but did not assume the honours .
Dr. Amin Hassan Omar Abdullah ( born 6 November , 1951 ) ( Arabic : أمين حسن عمر عبد الله‎ ) was the Minister of State at the Ministry of Culture , Youth and Sports in Sudan .
Laban Chege ( born 10 September 1969 ) is a Kenyan athlete who specialises in middle and long distance running .
Josiah Strong ( April 14 , 1847 -- June 26 , 1916 ) was an American Protestant clergyman , organizer , editor and author .
Campese Ma'afu , ( born 19 December 1984 ) is a Fiji professional rugby union footballer .
Riccardo Ghedin ( born 5 December 1985 ) is a right - handed Italian tennis player .
Tullio De Rosa ( 1923 - -1994 ) was an Italian enologist .
Paul Zacchias ( 1584 - 1659 ) was an Italian physician , teacher of medical science , medio - legal jurist , philosopher , and poet .
Tessa Morris - Suzuki ( born 29 October 1951 in England ) is a historian of modern Japan and Korea .
Christiane Lanzke ( 15 March 1947 -- 2005 ) was a German diver and actress .
Arnold Schlaet ( 1859 - -1946 ) was a U.S. oil industrialist and business man .
Keshav Rao Koratkar was born in 1867 at Purjal Village in his maternal grandfather 's house .
Henrik Rasmussen ( born 13 June 1968 ) is a Danish former professional footballer who made 322 appearances in the Superliga for AaB.
Francisco Seixas da Costa , GCC , CMG , ( Vila Real , 1948 ) is a former Portuguese diplomat and politician .
Miraš Dedeić ( Montenegrin : Mihailo , Miraš Dedeić ) , also known as Metropolitan Mihailo , ( b. 8 November 1938 ) is the head of the uncanonical Montenegrin Orthodox Church since 1997 .
Guido Marchi ( born 21 September 1896 ) was an Italian professional footballer who played as a right back for Juventus .
Stefan Merrill Block ( born 1982 ) is an American - born writer .
John James McCook ( 1806 -- October 11 , 1865 ) , was a patriarch of the Fighting McCooks , one of the most prolific families in United States Army history .
Angela Grant ( born 1950 ) is a British actress best known for her appearances in 4 Carry On films including Carry On Up the Khyber and Carry On Girls .
Giovanni Battista Castello ( 1500 or 1509 - -1569 or 1579 ) was an Italian historical painter .
Rolf Aamot ( born in Bergen on 28 September 1934 ) is a Norwegian painter , film director , photographer and tonal - image composer .
Christie Whelan - Browne ( born 6 August 1982 ) is an Australian actress who has worked extensively in musical theatre .
Mangesh Narayanrao Kale ( born 1966 ) is a reputed Marathi poet , critic , translator and editor .
David Claypoole Johnston ( 25 March 1798 -- 8 November 1865 ) was a 19th - century American cartoonist , printmaker , painter and actor from Boston , Massachusetts .
Caleb Mills ( 1806 -- 1879 ) was an American educator and the first faculty member of Wabash College in Crawfordsville , Indiana .
Bryony Kimmings ( born 30 March 1981 ) is an English live artist based in London .
John Reynald Tiangco ( born November 21 , 1972 ) popularly known as John Rey Tiangco is a Filipino politician , Tiangco is the incumbent mayor of the City of Navotas .
Sonia Ahmed ( Urdu : سونیا احمد ) ( born 23 August 1980 ) , is a Kuwaiti born Pakistani and founder of Miss Canada Pakistan Inc. , also known as Miss Pakistan World , Mr. Pakistan World and Mrs. Pakistan World .
Ray Gaston ( born 22 December 1946 ) is a former Northern Irish footballer who played for Coleraine , Oxford United and Lincoln City .
Christine Strübing ( born 30 March 1952 ) was an East German swimmer .
Phelan Hill ( born 21 July 1979 ) is a British rowing coxswain .
Saint Olivia of Palermo ( Italian : S. Oliva dì Palermo , Sicilian : Uliva di Palermu ) , Palermo , 448 --
Éric Bourdon ( born in 1979 ) is a French painter and writer .
Liisa Veijalainen ( née Liukkonen ; born 4 April 1951 ) is a Finnish orienteering competitor .
Pamela Gillies , CBE , FRSA , FAcSS ( born 1953 ) is a Scottish academic and educator , appointed as Principal / Vice - Chancellor of Glasgow Caledonian University in March 2006 .
Khadija Arib ( Arabic : خديجة عريب‎ , born 10 October 1960 in Hedami , Morocco ) is a Moroccan - Dutch politician and the current Speaker of the Dutch House of Representatives .
Amada García Rodriguez ( Mugardos , 1911 -- Ferrol , 1938 ) was a Galician Communist activist .
Morari Bapu ( Gujarati : મોરારી બાપુ , Hindi : मुरारी बापू ; real name Moraridas Prabhudas Hariyani ) was born on 25 September 1946 in Talgajarda near Mahuva , Gujarat .
Jindřich Dejmal ( born 4 July 1948 ) is a Czech football manager who is the current sports director of FC Písek .
Juan Pablo Passaglia ( born 24 May 1989 ) is an Argentine footballer that currently plays as midfielder for Torneo Argentino A club Juventud UU .
Ralph Sam Haeems ( 9 November 1940 -- 31 March 2005 ) was a leading British criminal defence solicitor .
Gjest Baardsen ( 1791 -- 13 May 1849 ) was a Norwegian outlaw , jail - breaker , non - fiction writer , songwriter and memoirist .
Henri Akoka ( 23 June 1912 -- 22 November 1976 ) was an Algerian Jewish clarinetist .
Matías Rodrigo Pérez Marín ( born 4 January 1994 ) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a centre back for Sporting B. He is one of the most promising Paraguayan soccer defenders .
Louise Hearman ( born 1963 ) is an artist from Melbourne who has been painting and drawing from a very young age .
Wilson Onsare Ombui ( born 15 June 1976 ) is a Kenyan former long - distance runner who competed in half marathon and marathon races .
James Main ( 29 May 1886 -- 29 December 1909 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Hibernian and the Scotland national football team as a right back .
Frances Walsingham , Countess of Essex and Countess of Clanricarde ( 1567 -- 17 February 1633 ) was an English noblewoman .
Philip Shallcrass ( born 1953 ) , often known by his Druid name , Greywolf , is Chief of the British Druid Order .
Jörg Fiedler ( born 21 February 1978 ) is a German épée fencer , European champion in 2011 and 2013 and three - time team silver World medallist ( 1999 , 2003 and 2005 ) .
Colin Bean ( 15 April 1926 -- 20 June 2009 ) was an English actor best known for his role as Private Sponge in the Second World War BBC comedy Dad 's Army from 1968 to 1977 , appearing in 76 of Dad 's Army 's 80 episodes .
Robert McRuer ( born 1966 ) is an American theorist who has contributed to fields in transnational queer and disability studies .
Marija Šerifović ( Serbian : Марија Шерифовић , Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( mǎrija ʃerǐːfoʋitɕ ) , born 14 November 1984 ) is a Serbian singer .
David Calthorpe ( born 17 August 1973 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon , the Brisbane Lions and the Kangaroos in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jeon Tae - hyun ( Hangul : 전태현 ; born 18 August 1986 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Jeju United in the K League Classic .
Cameron McFadzean , ( born 7 May 1971 in Melbourne ) is an Australian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s ( decade ) .
Stuart Pearson Wright ( born 1975 , Northampton ) is an English portrait artist , winner of the BP Portrait Award .
Márcio Montarroyos ( 1949 - -2007 ) was a Brazilian jazz trumpet player .
Dieric Bouts the Younger , also Dirk Bouts the Younger , ( 1448 - -May 2,1491 ) was a Belgian painter of the Early Netherlandish painting era .
Veronica Geng ( 1941 -- December 24 , 1997 ) was an American editor and writer .
Julian Iantzi Mitxelena , born in California in 1967 , is a famous TV presenter in The Basque Country .
Andreja Gomboc ( born 1969 ) is a Slovenian astrophysicist .
Kuniyil Kailashnathan ( 25 May 1953 ) is a 1979 batch IAS Officer , served then Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi 's as Chief Principal Secretary from 2013 to 2014 .
Jeffrey Shaw ( born 1944 ) is a pioneering new media artist and researcher .
Vincent Oshana ( born 1979 ) is an American actor and comedian best known for his HBO Stand - Up Comedy Set on Russell Simmons 's Def Comedy Jam and various roles on Showtime channel 's television series The Underground .
Pedro de Aguado ( 1513 or 1538 -- late 16th or early 17th century ) was a Spanish Franciscan friar who spent around 15 years in the New Kingdom of Granada , preaching to the Indians .
Nir Friedman ( born 1967 ) is an Israeli Professor of Computer Science and Biology at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Maulvi Faqir Mohammed ( Pashto / Urdu : فقیر محمد ; c. 1970 ) is a member of the Mohmand tribe and , until March 2012 , a deputy leader of the Pakistani Taliban umbrella group Tehrik - i - Taliban Pakistan .
Mira Aroyo ( Bulgarian : Мира Аройо ; born July 11 , 1977 ) is a Bulgarian musician , known as the secondary vocalist and one of the keyboardists and songwriters of the electronic band Ladytron , as well as a DJ . She writes and sings her songs for Ladytron in Bulgarian as well as English .
Ni Sichong ( simplified Chinese : 倪嗣沖 ; traditional Chinese : 倪嗣衝 ; pinyin : Ní Sìchōng ; Wade -- Giles : Ni2 Si4-ch'ung1 ; IPA : ( ní sìʈ͡ʂʰʊ̄ŋ ) ; 1868 - -1924 ) was a Chinese general .
Sonja Becq ( born 8 December 1957 in Duffel ) is a Belgian politician and a federal representative since 2007 ( for the constituency Brussels - Halle - Vilvoorde ) .
Desmond Nakano ( born in 1953 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , film score composer , and actor .
Luwamo Garcia ( born 1 May 1985 ) is an Angolan footballer who played for Alki Larnaca in the Cypriot First Division .
Yim Sung - ah ( Hangul : 임성아 ; hanja : 任晟娥 ; born 20 March 1984 ) is a South Korean professional golfer .
Henry Maxwell , 7th Baron Farnham KP ( 9 August 1799 -- 20 August 1868 ) was an Irish peer and Member of Parliament .
Ahmed Abdulhakim Ahmed Al - Sarori ( Arabic : أحمد عبدالحكيم أحمد السروري‎ ) ( born 9 August 1998 ) is a Yemeni football player .
Benjamin Wolf Löw ( 1775 -- March 6 , 1851 ) was a Polish--
Payal Rohatgi ( born 9 November 1984 ) is an Indian actress and reality TV performer and also a model who appears in Bollywood .
Erik Sanko ( born 27 September 1963 ) is a bass player from New York who has played in The Lounge Lizards and currently active in Skeleton Key .
Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus Quintianus ( 170 -- aft . 212 and bef . 217 ) was the son of Syrian Roman Consul Tiberius Claudius Pompeianus and Annia Aurelia Galeria Lucilla .
Louise Armstrong ( 17 March 1937 -- 10 August 2008 ) was a published author of numerous adult and children books .
Justice S. R. Bannurmath ( Kannada:ಎಸ್. ಆರ್. ಬನ್ನೂರ್ ಮಠ)(Born : 23 January 1948 , Dharwad ) is the former Chief Justice of Kerala High Court and the present Chairman of Maharashtra State Human Rights Commission .
Derek Minter ( 27 April 1932 -- 2 January 2015 ) was an English former Grand Prix motorcycle and short - circuit road racer .
Paramjit Khurana ( born 15 August 1956 ) is an Indian scientist in Plant Biotechnology , Molecular Biology , Genomics who is presently Professor in the Department of Plant Molecular Biology in the University of Delhi , Delhi .
Paul Yee ( born 1 October 1956 ) is a Chinese - Canadian historian and writer .
Jeri Laber ( born 1931 ) is one of the founders of Human Rights Watch , the largest human rights organization in the United States .
Manuel Miguel Afonso Pedroso Liz Rodrigues ( born 30 November 1989 ) , known as Manuel Liz , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Atlético as a second striker .
Greg Stekelman ( born 12 February 1975 in London ) is a British novelist and writer .
George G. Anderson ( 1839 - May 8 , 1884 ) is best known for making the first ascent to the summit of Half Dome in Yosemite National Park in California , United States on October 12 , 1875 .
Amram Mitzna ( Hebrew : עמרם מצנע , born 20 February 1945 ) is an Israeli politician and former general in the IDF .
Lata Mangeshkar ( pronunciation ) ( born 28 September 1929 ) is an Indian playback singer , and occasional music - composer .
Eve Pancharoen ( Thai : อีฟ ปานเจริญ - born 7 August 1981 ) , better known by her stage name Palmy ( Thai : ปาล์มมี่ ) , is a Thai - Belgian pop singer .
Alonso de Sotomayor y Valmediano ( 1545 - -1610 ) was a Spanish conquistador from Extremadura , and a Royal Governor of Chile .
William Washington Cole ( 1847 -- March 10 , 1915 ) , was part owner of the Barnum & Bailey Circus .
Professor John Michael Cullen ( 14 December 1927 -- 23 March 2001 ) was an Australian ornithologist , of English origin .
Jacob Glushakow ( 1914 - - October 12 , 2000 ) was an American painter known for his keen observations of life in the city of Baltimore , Maryland , USA .
Ireneusz Paliński ( 13 May 1932 -- 9 July 2006 ) was the first Polish weightlifter to win an Olympic gold medal , which he has done in 1960 .
Terri Crawford Hansen ( born 1953 ) is a journalist who focuses primarily on environmental and scientific issues affecting North American tribal and worldwide indigenous communities .
Andrei Lungu ( born 29 January 1989 , Pitești ) is a Romanian professional football player , who currently plays for Energie Cottbus in German 3 .
Yuliya Biryukova ( Russian : Юлия Сергеевна Бирюкова ; born 17 March 1985 ) is a Russian foil fencer .
Facundo Cangiani ( born 23 April 1991 ) is an Argentine handball player .
Tammy Thomas ( born 1970 or 1971 ) is a former American sprint track cyclist , who won a silver medal at the 2001 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in the individual sprint event .
Peter Prevc ( Slovene : ( pèːtɛ́ːr prèːút͡s ) ; born 20 September 1992 ) is a Slovenian ski jumper .
Robert A. Levy ( born 1941 in Washington , DC ) is the chairman of the libertarian Cato Institute and the organizer and financier behind District of Columbia v. Heller , the Supreme Court Case that established the Second Amendment as affirming an individual right to gun ownership .
Lars Bygdén ( born 1973 ) is a Swedish singer , song - writer and guitarist .
Doris Mae Oulton ( born May 23 , 1945 in Barrhead , Alberta , Canada ) One of three daughters , she left home early after high school .
Alula Girma ( Amharic : አሉላ ግርማ ? , born 15 July 1993 ) is an Ethiopian footballer .
Kain O'Keeffe ( born 22 October 1987 ) is an Australian actor , known for his appearances in Australian television dramas and minor roles in films .
Michael Buback ( February 16 , 1945 ) is a chemist and professor at Göttingen University .
Rahim Beqiri ( Albanian : Rahim Beqiri ; Macedonian : Рахим Беќири ) , ( 1 January 1957 -- 1 August 2001 ) , or better known as Komandant Roki , was an army commander in the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) during the Kosovo War of the late 1990s .
Richard Humann ( born 1961 ) is a New York City - based American neo - conceptual artist .
Sigurd Wallén ( 1 September 1884 - 20 March 1947 ) was a Swedish actor , film director and singer .
Dunia Susi ( born 10 August 1987 ) is an English international footballer .
Mark Naley ( born 11 March 1961 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the VFL / AFL and South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Joseph van Vicker ( born 1 August 1977 ) , better known as Van Vicker , is a Ghanaian actor .
Alifatou Djibril ( born 13 February 1980 ) is a Togolese athlete specializing in the shot put and discus throw .
Dominic Carman ( born 23 August 1961 ) is a British journalist , writer and Liberal Democrat politician .
Michelle Borel ( born 13 April 1983 , Trinidad and Tobago ) is a radio personality , television host and producer .
Henry Victor ( 2 October 1892 -- 15 March 1945 ) was an English - born character actor who had his highest profile in the silent era .
Heinrich Wilhelm Zimmerman , portrait painter , was born at Danzig in 1805 .
Vadim Dale was born 19 January 1976 to an Italian mother and Australian father .
Dr. Ahmad Abu Matar ( born 1944 , deceased 2016 ) was a Palestinian academic and writer , often on human rights issues .
Juan de Atienza ( born at Tordehumos , near Valladolid , in Spain , in 1546 ) was a Spanish Jesuit missionary in South America .
Per Landgren ( born 1958 ) is a Swedish Christian Democratic politician , member of the Swedish parliament ( Riksdag ) 1998 - -2006 .
Laarbi Batma ( 1948 , in Oulad Bouziri ( Chaouia ) -- 1997 ) was a Moroccan musician , author , and the front man of the group Nass El Ghiwane .
Edward Robins ( 2 March 1862 -- 22 May 1943 ) was an American newspaperman , author of fiction and non - fiction for both adults and juveniles , antiquarian , and historian .
Sir Francis Drake , 3rd Baronet ( 1642 - 1718 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1700 .
Jane Trahey ( November 19 , 1923 -- April 22 , 2000 ) was an American businesswoman and writer .
Anna Nagornyuk ( Russian : Анна Нагорнюк ; born 10 January 1996 ) is a Russian ice dancer who competed for Uzbekistan with Viktor Kovalenko until mid-2013 .
Amanda Fraser ( born 10 September 1981 in Emerald , Queensland ) is an Australian Paralympic athlete and swimmer .
Tommy McGrain ( born 31 January 1959 ) was a Scottish footballer who was initially signed up on an 'S ' form by Celtic .
Matthew Burt ( born 1951 ) is a furniture designer - maker in England who runs a contemporary practice from a studio and workshop ( established 1978 ) based in the South Wiltshire village of Sherrington , west of Salisbury .
May Britt Hartwell ( born May Britt Våland ; 8 May 1968 in Sola ) is a Norwegian cyclist .
Thomas V. Morris , also known as Tom Morris and , on social media , tomvmorris ( born 1952 ) , is an American philosopher .
Tony O'Neill ( born 1978 , Blackburn , Lancashire ) is a New York - based author .
Henry Dison Gabell , D.D. ( 1764 - -1831 ) , was head - master of Winchester College .
Countess Palatine Maria Anna of Zweibrücken - Birkenfeld - Bischweiler ( 18 July 1753 -- 4 February 1824 ) was Countess Palatine of Birkenfeld - Gelnhausen and Duchess in Bavaria , through her marriage to Duke Wilhelm in Bavaria .
Eduard Hrnčár ( born 8 July 1978 ) is a Slovak international footballer , who last played as a defender for Kozani F.C ..
Nataraja Krishnamoorthy ( born 1951 ) , better known as Soorya Krishnamoorthy , is the founder - director of the SOORYA Stage and Film Society .
Noor Alam Khan ( born 12 October 1972 ) is a Pakistani politician who was elected as Member of 18th National Assembly .
Brendon Gooneratne ( born 28 March 1938 ) is a Sri Lankan scholar , physician , cricketer and author .
Princess Caroline of Nassau - Usingen ( German : Prinzessin Karoline Polyxena von Nassau - Usingen ; 4 April 1762 -- 17 August 1823 ) was the elder daughter of Karl Wilhelm , Prince of Nassau - Usingen , and wife of Landgrave Frederick of Hesse - Kassel .
Raoul Weston La Barre ( 13 December 1911 -- March 1996 ) was an American anthropologist , best known for his work in ethnobotany , particularly with regard to Native - American religion , and for his application of psychiatric and psychoanalytic theories to ethnography .
Evgeny Sedov ( Russian : Евгений Вадимович Седов ; born 29 January 1996 ) is a Russian competitive swimmer .
Marco Botti ( born 23 December 1976 ) is an Italian racehorse trainer who is based in Great Britain , working from a stables at Newmarket , Suffolk .
David Durell D.D. ( 1728 - -1775 ) was Principal of Hertford College , Oxford from 1757 to 1775 , Vice - Chancellor of the University of Oxford from 1765 to 1768 , and a noted Old Testament scholar of his day .
Chris Hersch ( born 1982 , in Orefield , Pennsylvania ) is a Boston - based guitarist .
Albert Cummings ( born 1968 , Williamstown , Massachusetts , United States ) is an American blues musician who is currently signed to Blind Pig Records .
William Winfield Scott ( February 1855 in Pennsylvania -- October 1 , 1935 in New Jersey ) was a lawyer and the official historian of Passaic , New Jersey .
Princess Michael of Kent ( Marie Christine Anna Agnes Hedwig Ida ; née von Reibnitz ; born 15 January 1945 ) is a member of the British Royal Family of German and Hungarian descent .
Rudolf Stingel ( born 1956 ) is an artist based in New York .
Air Chief Marshal Shashindra Pal Tyagi ( born 14 March 1945 ) , more commonly known as S P Tyagi , is the former Chief of the Air Staff of the Indian Air Force .
Maharaja Sir Manindra Chandra Nandy KCIE ( 29 May 1860 -- 12 May 1929 ) was the Maharaja of Cossimbazar Raj from 1898 to 1929 and a philanthropist and reformist in the period of the Bengal Renaissance .
Alex Templeton - Ward ( born 9 June 1983 , Carlisle , Cumbria ) is an English artist and musician .
Ravi V. Melwani ( RVM ) ( born 15 October 1966 ) is an Indian speaker , an author , a singer , a poet and a philanthropist .
Jason Hewitt ( born 28 August 1983 in Manchester , England ) is an English professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Sheffield Steelers in the EIHL Hewitt began his fledgling career with his local junior team , the Altrincham Aces after having watched the Manchester Storm .
Nicola Park ( born 6 January 1972 ) is a Scottish actress and performer .
Shinji Kazama ( born 26 September 1950 ) is a Japanese motorcyclist who rode to the North and South Poles on motorcycles .
Henry P. Melnikow was born in 1892 in Kiev , Russia , where his father was a shopkeeper .
Andrew Norton ( born 7 July 1965 ) is an Australian author and researcher .
Steven Downes ( born 22 November 1961 ) is a British sports journalist , television producer and a contributing writer for the Sunday Herald .
Stuart Magee ( born 13 October 1943 in Ireland ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Footscray in the VFL .
Chaim Pinchas Scheinberg ( Hebrew : חיים פנחס שיינברג‎;‎ 1 October 1910 -- 20 March 2012 ) was a Polish - born , American - raised , Israeli Haredi rabbi and rosh yeshiva who , from 1965 , made his home in the Kiryat Mattersdorf neighborhood of Jerusalem , Israel .
Freddie Hogan ( born 17 May 1988 ) is a British actor , who became known to a wider audience in a leading role in the ninth series of the British sitcom Two Pints Of Lager And A Packet Of Crisps broadcast by BBC Three .
Anita Doth ( born 28 December 1971 ) is a Dutch singer and songwriter best known as the front person of the duo 2 Unlimited , along with rapper Ray Slijngaard .
Steffen Kummerer was born in Chemnitz ( Karl - Marx - Stadt then ) on 1 June 1985 .
Gerald Goodhardt ( born 1930 ) is a marketing scientist .
Rodreck Mutuma ( born 5 April 1988 ) is a Zimbabwean footballer who is currently with Dynamos Harare who he join after being released by South African Premier Soccer League club Bloemfontein Celtic .
Antoine - Roger Bolamba ( 1913 - -2002 ) was the first Secretary of State and Minister of Information in the first Congolese government .
Johan Erik Forsström ( 1775 - -1824 ) was a Swedish pastor and naturalist from the province of Dalarna .
Oscar López Rivera ( born 6 January 1943 ) is a Puerto Rican nationalist and one of the leaders of the FALN .
John J. Lloyd ( 1922 -- September 20 , 2014 ) was an American art director and production designer known for his work on such films as National Lampoon 's Animal House , The Blues Brothers , The Thing , Big Trouble in Little China , and The Naked Gun :
Fr . Xavier Khan Vattayil was born in Pallikurup near Mannarkkad , Palakkad in 1969 .
Đorđe Branković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Бранковић ; anglicized as George ; 1461 - -1516 ) was the titular Despot of Serbia , given to him in 1486 by Matthias Corvinus , and ruled a region known as Racszag ( after Rascia , being equivalent of modern Vojvodina ) under the Kingdom of Hungary .
Yves Rogers ( born 1989 ) is a former Dutch professional basketball player who played for Dutch league eredivisie club Upstairs !
Clément Mignon ( born 21 January 1993 ) is a French freestyle swimmer .
Abdellatif Filali ( Arabic : عبد اللطيف الفلالي‎ ; 26 January 1928 -- 20 March 2009 ) was a Moroccan politician and diplomat under King Hassan II . Filali was known to have progressive views .
August Hagenbach ( 1871 - -1949 ) was a Swiss physicist working in spectroscopy .
André Franc ( 1911 -- 1990s ) was a French biologist and malacologist .
Anne - Grete Rendtorff ( born 1947 ) is a Danish singer , who was most popular in the 1980s .
Kadhem Sharif was born in 1952 and like his father became obsessed with motorcycles .
Charles Tjessem ( born 5 May 1971 , Sandnes ) is a Norwegian chef , and winner of the 2003 Bocuse d'Or .
Eran Malkin ( Hebrew : ערן מלכין‎ ; born 22 March 1993 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Nerija Putinaitė ( born 19 May 1971 in Tauragė , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian philosopher and politician , Vice - minister of the Ministry of Science and Education of the Republic of Lithuania .
Elder Grigorije ( Serbian : Старац Григорије ; fl . 1310 - -1355 ) was a Serbian nobleman , Orthodox cleric and writer .
Rakhee Thakrar ( born 29 February 1984 ) is an English actress from Leicester , Leicestershire , best known for playing the character of Shabnam Masood in the BBC soap opera EastEnders .
Diego Daldosso ( or spells as Dal Dosso , born 24 June 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Sambonifacese .
Sandra Gal ( born 9 May 1985 ) is a German professional golfer who currently plays on the United States -- based LPGA Tour .
Marie Hardiman ( born 21 July 1975 ) is an English former competitive swimmer who won a bronze medal in the 200-metre breaststroke at the 1993 European Aquatics Championships .
Oni Buchanan ( born 1975 ) is an American poet , and pianist .
Francis Adorno ( 1521 - January 13 , 1586 ) was a celebrated Italian preacher .
Lin Po - cheng ( 林柏辰 , born 18 October 1985 ) is a 26-year - old Taiwanese footballer .
Eva Pilarová ( born 9 August 1939 , in Brno ) is a Czech singer and actress .
Jamil Azzaoui ( in Arabic جميل عزاوي ) , also known as just Jamil ( born 17 May 1961 ) is a Canadian humorous artist / comedian , musician ( guitarist ) and an artist agent of Moroccan origin living in Montreal and well known in France and the francophone countries .
Prince Opoku Bismark Polley Sampene ( born 4 May 1969 ) , simply known as Prince Polley is a retired Ghanaian footballer .
Abraham Cohen Labatt ( 1802 , Charleston , South Carolina - August 16 , 1899 , Galveston , Texas ) was an American Sephardic Jew who was a prominent pioneer of Reform Judaism in the United States in the 19th century , founding several early congregations in the South and in San Francisco after the Gold Rush .
Mary Stanton ( born 1947 in Winter Park , Florida ) is an American author most famous for her eight - volume children 's fantasy series Unicorns of Balinor .
Mohammad Saleh Uddin , `` Badal '' ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ সালেহ উদদিন ; born 6 November 1954 ) is a Bangladeshi architect , professor , author and artist .
Marius Tomozei ( born 9 September 1990 ) is a Romanian footballer who plays for Botoșani as a Defender .
Ron Coe ( born 29 January 1933 -- 5 March 1988 ) was an English professional cyclist from Barnsley and a multiple British National Road Race Champion .
Debra Phillips ( born in 1958 ) is an Australian artist .
Bogdan Straton ( born 23 August 1983 in Iaşi ) is a Romanian footballer who currently plays as a Defensive Midfielder .
Isaac de Razilly ( 1587 -- juillet 1636 ) was a member of the French nobility appointed a knight of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem at the age of 18 .
Enzo Lefort ( born 29 September 1991 ) is a French foil fencer , bronze medal in the 2014 World Championships , European and World team champion in 2014 .
Víctor Rangel Ayala ( born 11 March 1957 ) is a retired Mexican footballer , currently manager of Atlético Mexiquense of the Mexican Primera Division A.
John Wannuaucon Quinney ( 1797 -- July 21 , 1855 ) was a Mahican ( also Stockbridge ) diplomat , and was nicknamed `` The Dish '' .
Michel Daerden ( 16 November 1949 -- 5 August 2012 ) was a francophone Belgian politician , a member of the Parti Socialiste , and a Finance auditor .
Philip Weller ( born 1956 ) is a Canadian environmental scientist .
Anne of York , Duchess of Exeter ( 10 August 1439 -- 14 January 1476 ) was the first child and eldest surviving daughter of Richard Plantagenet , 3rd Duke of York , and Cecily Neville .
Es'kia Mphahlele ( 17 December 1919 -- 27 October 2008 ) was a South African writer , educationist , artist and activist celebrated as the Father of African Humanism and one of the founding figures of modern African literature .
Sabhan Adam ( Arabic : سبهان آدم‎ ; born 19 January 1973 ) is a Syrian plastic artist .
Jack Cockburn ( 26 December 1911 - 21 September 1990 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) and for South Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) .
Horia Colibășanu ( born 4 January 1977 Timișoara ) is a Romanian mountain climber .
Judy Horacek ( born 12 November 1961 ) is an Australian cartoonist , illustrator and writer whose work recently includes children 's picture books .
Jamad Scott Walden ( born 1969 ) is an American DJ and radio host known as DJ Jamad .
Oliver Eric Guerin ( 23 October 1924 -- 21 March 1993 ) is an American Hall of Fame jockey .
Seah Eu Chin ( 1805 - -1883 ; simplified Chinese : 佘有进 ; traditional Chinese : 佘有進 ; pinyin : Shé Yǒujìn ; also spelt Siah U - chin , Seah Uchin , Seah You Chin ) was an immigrant from South China to Singapore , later becoming a successful merchant and leader in the Chinese community .
Liu Guchang ( Chinese : 刘古昌 , born 1946 in Jiangsu ) was the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the People 's Republic of China to the Russian Federation from 2003 to 2009 .
Merle Park , DBE , ( born 8 October 1937 ) is a British ballet dancer and teacher , now retired .
Luis Conte ( born 16 November 1954 ) is a Cuban percussionist .
Bente Moe ( born 2 December 1960 ) is a retired Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the marathon race .
Peter Knobler ( born 1946 ) is an American writer living in New York City .
Tjokorda Krishna Putra Sudharsana ( born 1956 ) is a famous Balinese artist and the current prince of Ubud .
Zhang Haidi ( Chinese : 张海迪 ; born September 1955 ) is a Chinese writer , translator , inspirational speaker , and Chairperson of China Disabled Persons ' Federation ( CDPF ) .
Luke Milbourne or Milbourn ( 1649 - -1720 ) was an English clergyman , known as a High Church supporter of Henry Sacheverell , and also as a critic and poet .
Hari Shankar Sharma ( 1891 - -1968 ) was a Hindi and Urdu poet from Harduaganj , Aligarh , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Katsu Naito ( born 1964 ) is a Japanese photographer .
Jemima Condict was born in a rural setting in the mountains of northwestern New Jersey on 24 August 1754 .
Liu Jianye ( simplified Chinese : 刘建业 ; traditional Chinese : 劉建業 ; pinyin : Liú Jiànyè ; born 17 June 1987 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Sainty in the Chinese Super League .
General Mohammed Asif Safi ( 1923 -- July 26 , 2009 ) ( Pashto:تور نجنرال اركا نحرب محمد آصف صافي ) was an Army General in the Afghan National Army during King Zahir Shah 's rule in Afghanistan , and later during the 1970s era of President Mohammed Daoud Khan .
Willie Manu ( born 20 March 1980 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer for the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League .
General Sir James Shaw Kennedy , KCB ( 13 October 1788 -- 30 May 1865 ) was a British soldier and military writer .
Keith Charters ( b 1965 ) is a British author and publisher .
Hugh Newell Jacobsen ( born 1929 ) is a prominent United States architect .
Naim Sharifi ( Persian : نعیم شریفی‎‎ ; Russian : Махмаднаим Махмадкаримзаде Шарифи ; born 3 June 1992 in Tajikistan ) is a Russian footballer of Tajik origin .
William V. Ranous ( 12 March 1857 -- 1 April 1915 ) was an American silent film actor and director .
Jeon Jin - ho ( Korean : 전진호 born 10 October 1980 in Seoul ) is a Korean professional ice hockey right winger .
Charles Lennox Richardson ( 16 April 1834 -- 14 September 1862 ) was an English merchant based in Shanghai who was killed in Japan during the Namamugi Incident .
Valdis Mintals ( born 11 December 1979 in Tallinn ) is an Estonian pair skater .
Bénédict Pierre Georges Hochreutiner ( 1873 - 1959 ) was a Swiss botanist and plant taxonomist .
Albert Nolan , O.P. ( born 1934 ) is a Roman Catholic priest and member of the Dominican order in South Africa .
Robert Verbeek ( born 26 July 1961 ) is a Dutch former soccer player and subsequently a manager .
Robin Schimminger ( born 1947 ) represents District 140 in the New York State Assembly , which comprises all of the Town of Tonawanda ( including the Village of Kenmore ) , the City of Tonawanda in Erie County , and most of the City of North Tonawanda in Niagara County .
John Edward Jacob ( born 1934 in Trout , Louisiana ) was a U.S. civil rights leader .
Priyanka Chopra ( pronounced ( prɪˈjaːŋkaː ˈtʃoːpɽaː ) ; born 18 July 1982 ) is an Indian film actress and singer , and the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000 .
Francis Burns ( 1809 -- 1863 ) was an American Methodist minister who served as a missionary in Liberia .
Diane Kruger ( German pronunciation : ( diˈa : nə ˈkru : ɡɐ ) ; born Diane Heidkrüger ; 15 July 1976 ) is a German actress and former fashion model .
Born in 1972 , Florian Wiek was scholarship - holder of Villa musica - Mainz from 1994 - -1997 where he performed chamber music with leading German musicians like Thomas Brandis , Ida Bieler , Martin Ostertag , Wolfgang Gaag and Rainer Moog .
Otto - Wilhelm Wandesleben ( born 16 December 1912 ) was a German police officer and SS - Obersturmbannführer .
Friedrich Hasenöhrl ( German : ( ˈhaːzn̩øːɐ̯l ) ; 30 November 1874 -- 7 October 1915 ) , was an Austrian physicist .
Jan Gissberg ( born 13 August 1948 ) is a Swedish cartoonist , animator and film director .
Swami Krishnananda Saraswati ( 25 April 1922 -- 23 November 2001 ) was a disciple of Sivananda Saraswati and served as the General Secretary of the Divine Life Society in Rishikesh , India from 1958 until 2001 .
Mustafa Rugibani ( Arabic : مصطفى الرجباني‎ ) , is a Libyan businessman and politician who was born in 1941 .
Paz Márquez - Benítez ( 1894 - -1983 ) was a Filipina short - story writer .
Nemanja Vidić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Видић , Serbian pronunciation : ( ně̞maɲa v̞ǐːdit͡ɕ ) ; born 21 October 1981 ) is a retired Serbian professional footballer .
José Daniel Santibáñez or JD Santibáñez ( Guayaquil , 1959 ) is an Ecuadorian science fiction novelist and comic book writer .
Gheorghe Tudor ( born 1884 , Stâncăuţi ) was a Bessarabian politician .
Richie Unterberger ( born 1962 ) is an American author and journalist whose focus is popular music and travel writing .
Petra Pfaff ( born 16 October 1960 in Hoyerswerda ) is a retired East German 400 metres hurdler .
Gloria Marks ( born 1923 ) is a former pitcher who played in the All - American Girls Professional Baseball League during the 1943 season .
Arthur Smithells , CMG FRS ( 24 May 1860 -- 24 February 1939 ) was a British chemist .
Damien Martin ( born 2 October 1946 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Offaly senior hurling team .
Polly James ( born 8 July 1941 ) born as Pauline Devaney , is an English actress with a career in theatre , film , television and radio spanning 35 years .
Don Stivers ( born Donald Ray Stivers , 1926 - 2009 ) was an American artist , known for his portrayal of historical and military subjects .
Irfan Razack ( born 30 October 1953 ) is an Indian entrepreneur from Bangalore .
Brian Rajadurai ( born 24 August 1965 ) is a Canadian and Sri Lankan cricket player .
Karunakara Guru ( 1 September 1927 -- 6 May 1999 ) also known as Navajyothi Sree Karunakara Guru , is the Founder Guru of Santhigiri Ashram situated in Pothencode , Kerala , India , and the fundamental force behind the re - emergence of Sanathana Dharma or Eternal religion .
Burleigh Smith ( born Andrew Christopher Burleigh Smith , 7 January 1979 ) is an Australian screenwriter , film director and actor .
Maria João Mira ( born 18 September 1959 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese screenwriter who authored several successful telenovelas .
Cheryl Wheeler - Dixon ( born 1960 ) is a stunt woman , stunt double , and stunt driver in the US movie industry .
Ernő Koch ( 8 August 1898 , Szászváros , Austria - Hungary ( now Orăștie , Romania ) -- 31 March 1970 , St. Louis , United States ) was a Hungarian graphic artist .
Richard Jago ( 1 October 1715 -- 8 May 1781 ) was an English clergyman poet and minor landscape gardener from Warwickshire .
Thierry Michel ( born 13 October 1952 ) is a Belgian film director , mostly making social and political documentaries .
Corey Hanson ( born 11 August 1992 ) is a Rugby League player , currently playing for York City Knights .
Mor Filiksinos Yusuf Çetin ( born 20 August 1954 ) is a Turkish Christian religious leader who has been serving since 1986 as the Patriarchal Vicar of the Syriac Orthodox Church in Istanbul and Ankara .
Zelma I. Edgell , better known as Zee Edgell , MBE ( born 21 October 1940 in Belize City , Belize ) , is a Belizean - born American writer who has had four novels published .
Joshua Ian Robin ( best known as Josh Robin ; born 5 March 1976 ) is a television journalist in New York City with the all - news channel NY1 .
Carl Eric Stålberg ( born 1951 ) is a Swedish businessman and the current Chairman of Swedbank .
Laurence Westgaph ( born 28 February 1975 ) , is a British historian , activist and television presenter , specialising in British black history and slavery .
Yolanda Sonnabend ( 26 March 1935 -- 9 November 2015 ) was a British theatre and ballet designer and painter , primarily of portraits .
Catherine Maria Fanshawe ( 1765 - -1834 ) was an English poet .
Pacôme Assi ( born 25 February 1981 ) is a French kickboxer and Europe Kick Boxing Champion .
Richard Charlton ( 1791 - -1852 ) was the first diplomatic Consul from Great Britain to the Kingdom of Hawaii ( 1825 - -1843 ) .
Daniel Felgenhauer ( born 10 May 1976 ) is a German former footballer who is now assistant manager of MSV Duisburg .
Karl - Heinz Mrosko ( born 11 October 1946 ) is a German former football midfielder who played for Stuttgarter Kickers , Bayern Munich , 1 .
Michael Hasted ( born 3 December 1945 , Bristol , England ) Artist , Writer and Director for the theatre and Photographer
Agamemnon Koutsogiorgas ( Greek : Αγαμέμνων Κουτσόγιωργας ; 1922 -- April 18 , 1991 ) , commonly known as Menios Koutsogiorgas ( Μένιος Κουτσόγιωργας ) , was a Greek lawyer , police officer and politician .
Abdo Hakim ( Arabic : عبدو حكيم‎ , 29 August 1973 ) is a Lebanese actor and voice actor .
Kamal Boulahfane ( born 1 July 1976 ) is a former Algerian runner , who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Philip Abramo ( born 1945 ) , also known as `` The King Of Wall Street '' , `` Lou Metzer '' is a caporegime in the New Jersey DeCavalcante crime family who was allegedly involved in security fraud and murder .
Harbans Mukhia ( born 1939 ) is an Indian historian whose principal area of study is medieval India .
Scott Bieser ( born 1957 ) is an illustrator and writer of comics , and a former computer game animator .
Zou Yu ( simplified Chinese : 邹瑜 ; traditional Chinese : 鄒瑜 ; pinyin : Zōu Yú ; born October 1920 in Bobai County , Yulin , Guangxi ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Hannu Koistinen ( born 1966 , Joensuu ) is a Finnish kantele maker , founder and CEO of Koistinen Kantele .
Henry Hermann Mumm Thornton ( born 1932 ) was a prominent banker and businessman whose young adulthood was detailed in the journals of his stepfather Edmund Wilson , the noted essayist and scholar .
Perwîz Cîhanî ( born 1955 ) , is a Kurdish writer and novelist .
Avril Starling ( born Avril Moira Starling , 19 April 1953 , Hampstead , London ) is an English Women 's cricketer .
J. Radhakrishnan ( born 16 September 1966 ) is an Indian civil servant and administrator who is primarily known for his relief work in Nagapattinam and Thanjavur districts during the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami which gained worldwide appreciation .
Christopher Panzner ( born 1959 ) is an American artist / writer / producer living and working in France .
John C. Hooper ( Jock ) , born 1945 , is an American conservationist , forest manager , and organic farmer .
Ricardo Arregui Calvo ( born 19 September 1952 ) is a neurosurgeon doctor , frostbite specialist and former president of CAI Balonmano Aragón and Asobal Handball League .
Hsieh Kuo - liang ( traditional Chinese : 謝國樑 ; simplified Chinese : 谢国梁 ; pinyin : Xiè Guóliáng ; Wade -- Giles : Hsieh Kuo - liang ; born 5 October 1975 ) is a Taiwanese politician .
Ed Donaldson , born 1959 - 01 - 01 in Mobile , AL , was a professional boxer .
Lê Bật Hiếu ( born 22 August 1984 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Centre - back for V - League club Thanh Hoa F.C ..
John Bylsma ( born 1 February 1946 ) is an Australian former track cyclist who won a silver medal at the 1966 Commonwealth Games in the 4000 metre individual pursuit .
Benedict Mason , born on 23 February 1954 , is a British composer .
Graham Sheen ( born 1952 ) is a bassoonist , teacher , composer and arranger .
Julia Wilmotte Henshaw ( 8 August 1869 -- 19 November 1937 ) was a Canadian botanist , geographer , writer , and political activist who also served with the Red Cross in World War I.
Rabbi Shmaryahu Yosef Nissim Karelitz ( Hebrew : נסים קרליץ‎ ; born July 1926 in Vilnius ) is the chairman of the beis din tzedek ( rabbinical court ) of Bnei Brak .
Jin Daoming ( born December 1953 ) is a former Chinese politician who spent his career in Beijing and Shanxi province .
Ada Udechukwu ( born 1960 ) is a Nigerian artist and poet associated with the Nsukka group .
Nabil El Zhar ( Arabic : نبيل الزهر‎ ; born 27 August 1986 ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Spanish club UD Las Palmas as a right winger .
Ditlev Gothard Monrad ( 24 November 1811 -- 28 March 1887 ) was a Danish politician and bishop of Lolland - Falster .
Prince Charles Kofi Asamoah ( also known as Charles Asamoah ; born 1 July 1985 ) is a Ghanaian footballer .
Erra Fazira ( born Fazira Wan Chek 9 February 1974 ) is a Malaysian actress , singer , fashion model , TV Host , film producer , as well as former beauty queen .
Adel Humoud ( Arabic : عادل حمود‎ , born 20 June 1986 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a Midfielder .
Bob Shannon ( born 1945 ) is an American former high school football coach .
Lorraine Shaw ( born 2 April 1968 in Gloucester ) is an English hammer thrower .
Stefan Tafrov is a Bulgarian politician , born on 11 February 1958 , in Sofia .
Dan W. Quinn ( 1859 -- November 7 , 1938 ) was one of the first American singers to become popular in the new medium of recorded music .
Li Xueju ( simplified Chinese : 李学举 ; traditional Chinese : 李學舉 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xuéjǔ ; born April 1945 ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China , and the former Minister of Civil Affairs of PRC .
William Macmichael ( 30 November 1783 -- 10 January 1839 ) was an English physician and medical biographer , remembered as the author of The Gold - Headed Cane ( 1827 ) .
Farrokh Ghaffari ( 1921 -- 17 December 2006 ) was an Iranian film director , actor , critic and author .
Jeraldyne Blunden ( 1940 - -1999 ) was the founder and artistic director of the Dayton Contemporary Dance Company .
Michael H. Carty ( 1860 -- April 1 , 1900 ) was an Irish - born lawyer and politician in Newfoundland .
Norodom Vichara ( 17 August 1946 -- July 28 , 2013 ) was a Cambodian princess and politician .
Lionel Sackville - West , 2nd Baron Sackville , GCMG ( 19 July 1827 -- 3 September 1908 ) , was a British diplomat .
Forster Alleyne McGeachy ( 1809 -- 20 March 1887 ) was a politician , Conservative Member of Parliament in the UK , and a school reformer .
Federico Cesarano ( 5 July 1886 -- 22 January 1969 ) was an Italian fencer and sport shooter .
Benjamin Abadiano ( born 1963 ) is a Filipino lexicographer who has worked in the country 's highlands with the Mangyan , Lumad , and other indigenous peoples .
Frank Mavius ( born 15 March 1956 ) is a retired German weightlifter who won four medals in the bantamweight category ( 56 kg ) at the European championships of 1977 - -1985 .
Vujica Vulićević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вујица Вулићевић ; 1773 - -1828 ) was a Serbian voivode ( military commander ) in the First Serbian Uprising of the Serbian Revolution , led by Grand Leader Karađorđe against the Ottoman Empire .
Antonia Campbell - Hughes ( born 19 September 1982 ) is a Northern Irish actress of English and Irish descent , best known for appearing in Jack Dee 's sitcom Lead Balloon .
Callee Keating ( born 30 September 1987 ) is an Australian professional wrestler best known by her ring name of Kellie Skater .
Réka Szemerkényi ( born 25 October 1966 ) is a Hungarian economist , political scientist and politician , who has been the Hungarian Ambassador to the United States since 2015 .
Robbin Remers ( born 20 August 1991 , Gouda ) is a water polo player of the Netherlands .
John Le Neve ( 1679 - -1741 ) was an English antiquary , known for his Fasti Ecclesiæ Anglicanæ ( `` Feasts of the Anglican Church '' ) , a work of English church biography which has been published in many subsequent editions .
Davide Morello ( born 22 June 1978 ) is a former Italian professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper , his last club was then Serie C1 club Trapani .
Manfred Stohl ( born 7 July 1972 in Vienna ) is an Austrian rally driver who debuted in the World Rally Championship in 1991 .
Martyn Ashton ( born 2 December 1974 ) is a former British and World Champion mountain bike trials rider , stunt rider and team manager .
William Saurin Lyster ( 21 March 1828 -- 27 November 1880 ) was an impresario , active in Australia .
Mohamed Ihab Youssef Ahmed Mahmoud ( born 21 November 1989 ) is an Egyptian weightlifter .
Jaroslav Melnik ( Yaroslav Melnyk Lithuanian : Jaroslavas Melnikas , Ukrainian : Ярослав Мельник ; born 6 February 1959 ) is a Ukrainian / Lithuanian novelist , philosopher , and critic .
Dafydd Glyn Jones ( born 1941 ) is a Welsh scholar and lexicographer , born in the village of Carmel , Gwynedd .
Yang Na , ( 9 October 1982 -- ) is a Surrealism artist .
Herman P. Schwan ( 7 August 1915 -- 17 March 2005 ) was a biomedical engineer and biophysicist , recognised as the `` founding father of biomedical engineering '' .
George Walker Weld ( 1840 - -1905 ) , youngest son of William Fletcher Weld and member of the Weld Family of Boston , was a founding member of the Boston Athletic Association ( organizers of today 's Boston Marathon ) and the financier of the Weld Boathouse , a landmark on the Charles River .
Gerwin Pardoel ( born 12 May 1981 ) , better known by his stage name Gers Pardoel or mononymously as Gers , is a Dutch rapper .
Tommy Bruce ( 16 July 1937 -- 10 July 2006 ) was an English rock and roll singer who had most of his success in the early 1960s .
Mark Uth ( born 24 August 1991 ) is a left - footed German footballer who plays as a striker for 1899 Hoffenheim in the Bundesliga .
Gwendoline Riley is an English writer , born in 1979 .
Claude Hêche ( born 20 December 1952 ) is a Swiss politician and First Vice President of the Swiss Council of States for 2013/2014 .
Konstancja Kochaniec ( born 27 May 1976 Wroclaw , ( Poland ) ) is a Polish classical and film music composer .
Cornelius Nozeman or Cornelis ( 15 August 1720 - - 22 July 1786 ) was a Dutch Remonstrant churchman and naturalist .
Loup Verlet ( French pronunciation : ​(lu vɛʁˈlɛ ) ; born 24 May 1931 ) is a French physicist who pioneered the computer simulation of molecular dynamics models .
Vadym Karatayev or Vadim Karataev ( 15 January 1964 ) is an association footballer from the former Soviet Union .
Melissha Martinez ( born 1978 ) , better known by her stage name Maya Jupiter , is a Turkish - Mexican Australian rapper and radio personality .
Du Bin ( Chinese : 杜斌 ; Pinyin : Dù Bīn ; born 1972 ) is a Chinese journalist , photographer , poet and documentary film - maker .
William Reid Clanny FRSE ( 1776 -- 10 January 1850 ) was an Irish physician and inventor of a safety lamp .
Inocencio Pérez ( born 1870 - death date unknown ) was a Cuban baseball pitcher in the Cuban League .
Clyde Van Dusen ( 1885 -- January 8 , 1951 ) was an American jockey and trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses best known for winning the 1929 Kentucky Derby .
Alangadu Ramamurthi Srinivasan ( born 8 April 1933 ) , popularly known as A. R. Srinivasan and A. R. S. , is a Tamil stage , television and film actor .
Devajyoti Ray ( born in 1974 ) is an Indian painter and installation artist whose works attained significance in the post - liberalization phase of the Indian economy .
John Nicholas Brown I ( 1861 -- May 1 , 1900 ) was a book collector who donated his father 's collection to Brown University .
Oliver Spencer ( 6 October 1736 -- 22 January 1811 ) was a New Jersey officer during the American Revolutionary War and received a special commission to enlist and lead one of 16 Additional Continental Regiments .
Dominic Sandbrook ( born 2 October 1974 ) is a British historian , author , columnist and television presenter .
Roy Marsden ( born Roy Anthony Mould ; 25 June 1941 ) is an English actor , who is probably best known for his portrayal of Adam Dalgliesh in the Anglia Television dramatisations of P. D. James 's detective novels .
Vladimir Valjarević ( born 1973 , Tuzla , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ) , is a Bosnian / American pianist .
Alice Stuart ( born 1942 , Chelan , Washington ) is an American blues and folk singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Tan Kai ( Chinese : 谭凯 ; born 1973 ) is a mainland Chinese computer technician and an environmental activist from Zhejiang province .
Philip R. Day , Jr. ( born 7 August 1945 ) is the former Chancellor of City College of San Francisco .
Marcelo dos Santos Cipriano ( born 11 October 1969 ) , known simply as Marcelo , is a retired Portuguese footballer who played as a striker .
Christoph Schappeler ( 1472 -- August 25 , 1551 ) was a German religious figure , the preacher at St. Martin 's in Memmingen during the early 16th century , during the Protestant Reformation and the German Peasants ' War .
Lt . General Sir Hugh Lyle Carmichael ( 1764 - 1813 ) , was a British officer of the 2nd West India Regiment .
Klaus Lang ( born 26 April 1971 in Graz ) is an Austrian composer , concert organist , improviser , and academic teacher .
Giorgi Alaverdashvili ( Georgian : გიორგი ალავერდაშვილი ; born 21 November 1987 ) is a Georgian footballer who plays for Zawisza Bydgoszcz .
Bradley Mark ( born 26 February 1957 ) is a New Zealand born Australian shooter .
Carlos Eduardo Medellín Becerra ( born 14 September 1962 ) is a Colombian lawyer and diplomat and has served as Minister of Justice of Colombia and as Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom .
Christian Bonfanti ( born 30 November 1981 in Bergamo ) is a former Italian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI ProTeam Domina Vacanze in 2005 .
Richard Warren ( c. 1578 - -died c.1628 ) was one of the passengers on the Pilgrim ship Mayflower and a signer of the Mayflower Compact .
Meredith Garniss ( born 1967 ) is an American visual artist and landscape painter .
Flora Macaulay ( 1859 - 1958 ) was a long - time editor of The Oban Times newspaper in Oban , Scotland .
Michael Elwyn ( born 23 August 1942 ) is a Welsh actor , notable for his work in film ( Shadow Man ) , stage ( The Audience , as Anthony Eden ) and television ( Stella ) .
Chris Aberdein ( born 23 January 1963 ) is a South African racing driver who competed in the South African Touring Car Championship for Audi in the late 1990s , finishing runner - up in 1996 to team - mate Terry Moss , and picking up 7 wins and 12 podiums on the way .
Dave Cousins ( born David Joseph Hindson , 7 January 1945 , Hounslow , Middlesex , England ) is an English singer and songwriter , who has been the leader , singer and most active songwriter of Strawbs since 1967 .
Charlotte Tansey ( c. 1922 -- August 26 , 2010 ) was a Canadian academic , educator and writer who founded the Thomas More Institute for Adult Education in Montreal , in 1945 .
Ashley Martin ( born c. 1981 ) is an American athlete who became the first woman to play and score in an NCAA Division I American football game , and one of the first ever to score points in any college football game .
Hans van der Zee ( born 15 January 1956 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch soccer manager and scout .
Laura J. Snyder ( born 1964 ) is an American historian , philosopher , and writer .
Gilda Olvidado ( born 9 August 1957 in Cebu City , Cebu ) is a Filipino movie and television writer , and melodrama novelist .
James Francillon ( 1802 - -1866 ) , was an English barrister and legal writer .
Mylan Engel Jr. ( born 1960 ) is a full professor of philosophy at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb .
Mary Ormond or Ormand ( born c. 1702 , date of death unknown ) was the wife of the notorious English pirate Blackbeard .
José Francisco Ramírez Pineda ( born 10 July 1976 ) , known as Francisco Ramirez , is a retired Honduran footballer .
Tsoro Deep ( 23 July 1977 ) was born ( Sifiso Mavuso ) in a small village called Belgrade in Pongola KZN .
Xu Zongheng ( simplified Chinese : 许宗衡 ; traditional Chinese : 許宗衡 ; pinyin : Xǔ Zōnghéng ; born July 1955 ) was the mayor of Shenzhen , Guangdong , China from June 2005 to June 2009 .
Sven Lõhmus ( born 13 July 1972 ) is an Estonian pop - composer , producer and lyricist .
Amanda Fahy born in London on 20 April 1985 is a British actress most famous for her role as Shannon Parks in the BBC children 's series Grange Hill .
Bagher Larijani ( born 5 May 1961 ) , is an Iranian medical doctor ( Professor of Endocrinology ) and Director General of the Endocrinology and Metabolism Research Institute ( EMRI ) .
Air Chief Marshal Sukampol Suwannathat ( Thai : สุกำพล สุวรรณทัต , rtgs : Sukamphon Suwannathat ; born 17 August 1951 ) is a Thai air force officer and politician .
Kim van Kooten ( born 26 January 1974 in Purmerend , North Holland ) is a Dutch actress and screenwriter .
Fadıl Öztürk ( 1955 , Tunceli , Turkey ) is a Zaza writer and poet .
James Maurice Daniels ( born 1924 ) is a Canadian Oxford - educated physicist , inventor , author , and former university professor .
Gus Harrington ( born 1943 ) is an Irish retired Gaelic footballer who played as a right wing - back for the Cork senior football team .
Curtis Woodhouse ( born 17 April 1980 ) is an English former professional footballer turned professional boxer and football manager .
Ghulam Farid Sabri ( 1930 - April 5 , 1994 ) was a major Qawwali singer , and a leading member of the Sabri Brothers a leading qawwali group .
Jun Ji - hyun ( Hangul : 전지현 ; hanja : 全智賢 ; born Wang Ji - hyun , 30 October 1981 ) , also known as Gianna Jun , is a South Korean actress .
Jobst Hirscht ( born 19 July 1948 ) is a German former athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Jared Rando ( born 1981 ) is an Australian downhill mountain biker , signed to Giant Bicycles .
Colbert Clark ( 1898 - -1960 ) was an American screenwriter , film director and film producer .
Giovanni Antonio Amadeo ( c. 1447 -- August 27 or 28 , 1522 ) was an Italian early Renaissance sculptor , architect , and engineer .
Khalid Hussain ( Urdu : خالد حسین‎ ; born 1969 in Pakistan ) is a Norwegian - Pakistani writer and film producer .
Jane Williams ( née Jane Cleveland ; 21 January 1798 -- 8 November 1884 ) was a British woman best known for her association with the Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley .
Miguel S. Demapan BSc , MBA , JD , D.Litt ( c. 1953 -- June 30 , 2012 ) was Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands from 1999 to 2011 .
Philip Saltzman ( 1928 - August 14 , 2009 ) was an American executive producer and television writer .
Aamir Liaquat Hussain ( Urdu : عامر لیاقت حسین‎ ; born 5 July 1971 ) is a Pakistani politician and broadcaster .
Claire Barratt ( born 1974 ) is an industrial archaeologist , steam engineer and television presenter from the UK .
Lê Thần Tông ( chữ Hán : 黎神宗 ) , birth name Lê Duy Kỳ ( 黎維祺 ) ( 1607 - -1662 ) was the sixth king of Vietnamese Lê Dynasty .
Nick van Woert ( born 1979 ) is an American artist from Reno , Nevada .
Terence Siufay ( born 13 July 1976 , in Macau ) is a Chinese singer who has been with the group C - Plus for the past 10 years in Macau .
Jeremy Ray ( born 19 July 1984 ) is an Australian television presenter and video game reviewer .
Kate Cordsen ( born 1964 , Great Falls , Virginia , United States ) is an American photographer and contemporary artist .
Jessica Lindell - Vikarby ( born 7 February 1984 ) is a retired Swedish World Cup alpine ski racer .
Chittabrata Majumdar ( Bengali : চিত্তব্রত মজুমদার ) ( 1935 -- 2007 ) was general secretary of Centre of Indian Trade Unions ( CITU ) , the trade union wing of CPI(M ) from 2003 till his death .
Arran Brindle ( born Thompson on 23 November 1981 at Steeton , Yorkshire ) is an English cricketer and member of the England Women 's team .
Ned Manning was born in 1950 and grew up on a property in Coonabarabran , New South Wales .
Peter Fitzgerald - Moore , ( 28 May 1919 -- 5 May 2004 ) was a geologist , environmentalist and political activist .
Félix Pissarro ( 24 July 1874 -- 29 November 1897 ) , born in Pontoise , Paris , in the year of the first Impressionist exhibition , was a nineteenth - century French painter , etcher and caricaturist .
Datta Bhagat ( born 13 June 1945 in Waghi village of Nanded district Maharashtra ) is a noted Marathi playwright and one of the leaders of the Dalit theater movement in Marathi .
Francis L. Delmonico , MD , FACS ( born in New York in 1945 ) is a surgeon , clinical professor and health expert in the field of transplantation .
Hannah Rich ( born 3 January 1991 ) is a Welsh racing cyclist from Undy near Caldicot , Monmouthshire , Wales .
Allyssa Wolf ( born 1971 ) is an American poet of the post - Language school .
Lydia Chichester du Pont ( 1907 - 1958 ) was an American heir who was part of the prominent Du Pont family .
Serkan Silan ( born 18 March 1983 in İstanbul ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a left back or left winger back for Balıkesirspor in the Turkish Second League .
William Gustavo Constâncio ( born 9 January 1992 ) , simply known as William Gustavo , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a centre - back for Académica .
Darren Stamp ( born 2 December 1980 in Oulart , County Wexford ) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre - back for the Wexford senior team .
Salem Nasser Bakheet ( born 27 June 1977 ) is a Bahraini athlete who specialises in the high jump .
Abraham Polonski ( aka `` Pol '' or `` Maurice Ferrer '' ) was born in Russia in 1913 .
Kaan Kairinen ( born 22 December 1998 ) is a Finnish footballer currently playing for danish Superliga club FC Midtjylland .
Fujiwara no Kamatari ( 藤原 鎌足 , 614 -- November 14 , 669 ) was a Japanese statesman , courtier and politician during the Asuka period ( 538 -- 710 ) .
Ian Aspinall ( born 1961 ) is a British actor who is well known for the role of Mubbs Hussein in Holby City , which he played from 2001 to 2005 .
Paul Keenan ( born 5 November 1976 ) is a songwriter and producer based in Dumbarton , near Glasgow in Scotland .
Ditte Marie Jensen ( born c. 1970 ) is a former softcore erotic model from Farum , Denmark posing for pornographic magazines .
Pedro Virgil ( born 28 August 1973 ) is a Fiji born Australian Photographer and Reality TV show personality , and engineer .
Birgit Hogefeld ( born 27 July 1956 ) is a former member of the West German Red Army Faction ( RAF ) .
Vronwy Hankey ( b. Vronwy Mary Fisher ) ( 5 September 1916 -- 11 May 1998 ) was an archaeologist , a specialist in Near Eastern , Minoan , and Mycenaean archaeology .
Rachel Neylan ( born 9 March 1982 ) is an Australian professional road cyclist .
H. Pierre Noyes ( born December 10 , 1923 ) is an American nuclear physicist .
Ma Dehua ( simplified Chinese : 马德华 ; traditional Chinese : 馬德華 ; pinyin : Ma Dehua ; born 11 August 1945 ) is a Chinese actor best known for his role as Zhu Bajie in the 1986 television series Journey to the West .
Lauren Mitchell ( born 23 July 1991 ) is an Australian artistic gymnast .
Hugo von Seeliger ( 23 September 1849 -- 2 December 1924 ) , also known as Hugo Hans Ritter von Seeliger , was a German astronomer , often considered the most important astronomer of his day .
Prof . Clive Finlayson MBE FLS ( b. 15 January 1955 ) is a Gibraltarian zoologist , paleoanthropologist and paleontologist .
Lyle H. Lanier ( 1903 - -1988 ) was an American experimental psychologist , university professor and administrator , and a scholar in education studies .
Wilfred Bamnjo ( Chinese : 賓曹born 27 March 1980 in Cameroon ) is a Cameroonian football player who currently plays for Hong Kong First Division League club Happy Valley .
Nina George ( 30 August 1973 in Bielefeld ) is a German writer , best known as the author of The Little Paris Bookshop , an international bestseller , that has been translated in more than 28 languages as of 2015 , and sold in more than 500.000 copies .
Todd Foster ( born August 27 , 1967 in Great Falls , Montana ) is an American boxer in the Junior middleweight division .
Prasad V. Potluri ( Telugu : ప్రసాద్ వి పొట్లూరి , born on 8 September 1970 ) , popularly known as `` PVP '' is a serial entrepreneur , philanthropist and educationalist .
Zuzana Schindlerová ( born 25 April 1987 ) is Czech athlete , whose specialization is race walking .
George Papageorgiou ( born c. 1958 ) is an American football coach and former player in the United States .
Jay Milder ( born 1934 ) is an American artist and a figurative expressionist painter of the second generation New York School .
Ian Hart ( born Ian Davies ; 8 October 1964 ) is an English stage , television and film actor best known for playing Quirinus Quirrell in the 2001 fantasy film Harry Potter and the Philosopher 's Stone .
Gustavo Di Lella ( born 6 October 1973 ) is an Argentinian footballer who played in The Football League for Darlington , Hartlepool United and Scarborough .
Zoe Carides ( born 19 February 1962 ) is an Australian actress of film and television , who is best known for her roles in the television series ( and film version ) Police Rescue as Lorrie Gordon G. P. as Dr. Sonia Kapek and Grass Roots as Liz Murray .
Jordan Ramos ( born 18 July 1995 in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a British sprinter , former British Gymnast , five - times British Tumbling ( gymnastics ) Champion , a European Silver Medallist , a Guinness World Records Breaker for the longest slam dunk from a trampoline .
Martin Nduwimana ( born 1958 ) was the First Vice - President of Burundi from 29 August 2005 to November 2007 .
Marilyn Gillies Carr ( born 16 December 1941 ) is a Scottish woman from Dundee .
Henry Frederick William Behnsen ( March 16 , 1852 -- after 1916 ) was a German - born cigar manufacturer and political figure in British Columbia .
Giorgi Shengelaia ( Georgian : გიორგი შენგელაია ; Russian : Гео́ргий Никола́евич Шенгела́я ; born 11 May 1937 ) is a Georgian and Soviet film director .
Hugh Lester ( born 1891 , date of death unknown ) was an English footballer who played as a defender .
Ali Bapir , also called Mamosta Ali Bapir and Sheikh Ali Bapir ( in Kurdish : مامۆستا عه‌لی باپیر , in Arabic : الشيخ علي بابير)is a well known man in Iraqi Kurdistan , born 1961 in the Peshdar region , Iraqi Kurdistan .
Sabahudin Kurt ( born 18 July 1935 ) is a Bosnian folk and pop singer .
Tomislav Bušić ( born 2 February 1986 in Split ) is a Croatian footballer who plays with Malaysian club T - Team F.C. in Malaysia Premier League .
Danny Raco ( born 24 December 1979 ) is an Australian actor and director , known for his television work .
Žanil Tataj - Žak ( born 2 May 1967 ) , is a Croatian musician , singer , composer and producer .
Mervyn Meggitt ( 20 August 1924 -- 13 November 2004 New York State ) was an Australian anthropologist and one of the pioneering researchers of highland Papua New Guinean and Indigenous Australians cultures .
Otto Duecker ( born 1948 , Tulsa , Oklahoma ) is an American Hyperrealist painter and draughtsman .
William Mossop ( 1751 - -1805 ) was an Irish medallist and founder of the art in Ireland .
Samuel Honywood ( born 19 October 1996 ) is an English teen actor best known for having portrayed Sebastian Brown in Nanny McPhee .
Mark Dalle Cort ( born in Ayr , Queensland on 19 May 1982 ) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays for the Northern Pride RLFC in the Queensland Cup he previously played for the Crusaders in the Super League .
William Dichtel ( born 1978 , Houston , Texas ) is a chemist at Cornell University and a 2015 MacArthur Fellow who has helped pioneer the development of porous polymers known as covalent organic frameworks .
Gérard Guillaumaud ( 1961 -- November 29 , 2006 ) , was a French Air Force test pilot .
Flora Wiegmann ( born 1976 Lincoln , Nebraska ) is an American dancer , choreographer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles .
Col Galbraith ( 3 April 1920 -- 8 August 1986 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Fu Zhenghua ( simplified Chinese : 傅政华 ; traditional Chinese : 傅政華 ; pinyin : Fù Zhènghuá ; born March 1955 ) is a Chinese public security official .
James Bagnall ( bap . 16 November 1783 -- 20 June 1855 ) was a printer , publisher and politician in Prince Edward Island .
Sue Howland ( born 4 September 1960 ) is an Australian javelin thrower whose best result was a gold medal at the 1982 Commonwealth Games .
Lee Hup Wei ( Simplified Chinese Surname : 李 ) ( born 5 May 1987 in Selangor ) is a Malaysian high jumper .
Berris Smith , ( born 1978 ) is a Jamaican - Canadian hip - hop rapper and producer .
Dick Sahlén ( born 10 November 1986 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish auto racing driver who has competed in the Scandinavian Touring Car Championship for Mattias Ekström Juniorteam .
Israel Covyn ( 1582 , Antwerp -- 1665 , Antwerp ) , was a Dutch Golden Age genre painter .
Juan Miguel Rando Gálvez ( Santa Coloma de Gramenet , 26 March 1988 ) is a Spanish swimmer .
Friedrich Haag ( 20 August 1856 -- 8 December 1941 ) was a pioneering German crystallographer .
Richard P. Aulie ( born 1927 ) is an evangelical Christian , a former high school biology teacher , and a doctoral Yale University graduate in the history of science .
Geeta Kapur ( born 1943 ) is a noted Indian art critic , art historian and curator based in New Delhi .
John Dollar ( born 1961 in Georgia ) is an American artist best known for his contributions to a number of RPG settings during the mid - to - late 90s ( TSR properties and White Wolf 's Changeling ) .
A. N. Prahlada Rao ( born 24 July 1953 ) is an Indian author and Kannada - language crossword compiler .
Shettima Mustapha OFR ( born 26 November 1939 ) is a Nigerian academic and politician who served as Minister of Agriculture ( 1990 - 1992 ) , and in 2007 was appointed Minister of Defense in the cabinet of President Umaru Yar'Adua .
Mohammad Nourizad , ( Persian : محمد نوری زاد‎‎ ) born 10 December 1952 in Shahriar County is an Iranian filmmaker , activist , and former journalist for the conservative daily Kayhan .
Lucy Clifford ( 2 August 1846 -- 21 April 1929 ) , better known as Mrs. W. K. Clifford , was a British novelist and journalist , and the wife of William Kingdon Clifford .
Elvis Fatović ( born 8 May 1971 in Dubrovnik ) is a former Croatian waterpolo player and until recently coach of waterpolo team Jug from Dubrovnik .
Davian Clarke ( born 30 April 1976 ) is a Jamaican athlete , who mainly competes in the 400 metres .
NaoKo TakaHashi ( 高橋 尚子 , born 1973 in Niigata , Japan ) is a London based artist .
Katerina Michalopoulou ( born c. 1972 ) , in Greek :
Tuomo Lassila ( born 1965 ) is a Finnish musician best known as the former drummer , founder member and co - songwriter of the power metal band Stratovarius and currently the drummer and percussionist for the Finnish metal band Conquest .
Lord Robert Seymour ( 20 January 1748 -- 23 November 1831 ) was a British politician , the third son of Francis Seymour - Conway , 1st Marquess of Hertford .
Aaron Goldsmith ( born August 29 , 1983 in Wichita , Kansas ) is an American sportscaster .
Esteban Becker Churukián ( Hebrew : אסטבן בקר‎ ; Armenian : Էստեբան Բեքեր , born 31 August 1964 ) is a former Argentine footballer and the coach of Equatorial Guinea .
Ömer Erdoğan ( born 3 May 1977 ) is a Turkish former international footballer .
Bogdan Nicolae ( born 26 April 1976 , Bucureşti ) is a former Romanian footballer .
Patience Agbabi ( born 1965 ) is a British poet and performer with a particular emphasis on the spoken word .
Jagmeet Bal born December 13 , 1972 is a popular music video director in India who is known for his traditional and religious Punjabi music videos .
Horst - Tanu Margraf ( 26 October 1903 − 1978 ) was a German conductor , Generalmusikdirektor of Halle ( Saale ) from 1950 to 1969 .
Momir Savić ( born 21 January 1951 , Drinsko , Višegrad ) is a Bosnian Serb paramilitary commander convicted for war crimes committed during the ethnic cleansing of the Višegrad region of eastern Bosnia during the 1992 - 1995 Bosnian War .
Brás Viegas ( Blasius de Viegas ) ( 1553 - -1599 ) was a Portuguese Jesuit , known as a biblical commentator .
Nirupama Sanjeev ( née : Vaidyanathan ; born 8 December 1976 ) is a retired Indian professional tennis player .
Mehmet Boztepe ( born 16 January 1988 in Elazığ ) , is a Turkish - German professional footballer .
Ludwik Trynkowski ( born 1805 , d. 1849 in Irkutsk ) was a Polish Roman Catholic priest and religious writer .
Johan Norberg ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈjuːˈan ˈnuːrˈbærj ) ; born 27 August 1973 ) is a Swedish author and historian , devoted to promoting economic globalization and classical liberal positions .
Sadettin Tantan ( born : 1 January 1941 ) is the Turkish politician who is the founder and current leader of the Homeland Party ( Turkish : Yurt Partisi , YURT - P ) since 2002 .
Kjell Sture Jensen ( born 18 June 1968 ) is a Norwegian football coach , football player , and teacher .
Scott Cairns , PhD ( né Scott Clifford Cairns ; born 1954 Tacoma , Washington ) is an American poet , memoirist , librettist , and essayist .
Moritz Waldemeyer ( born 1974 ) is a British / German designer and engineer .
Peng Ming - min ( Chinese : 彭明敏 ; pinyin : Péng Míngmǐn ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Phêⁿ Bêng - bín ; born 15 August 1923 ) is a noted democracy activist , advocate of Taiwan independence , and politician .
Frederick Shepherd ( 1869 - -1969 ) was an English boat designer .
Cris Kobryn ( 1952 ) is an American technologist , system architect and entrepreneur who specializes in advanced software and systems development .
Giorgos Stathakis ( Greek : Γιώργος Σταθάκης ; born 8 November 1953 ) is a Greek politician and economist .
Emanuil Vaskidovich ( Bulgarian : Емануил Васкидович ; 1795 - 30 September 1875 ) was a Bulgarian National Revival enlightener of Greek descent , the founder of the first secular school in the Bulgarian lands .
Andrew Hoyem ( born 1935 ) is a typographer , letterpress printer , publisher , poet , and preservationist .
Kevin Sharkey ( born 1961 ) ( Irish : Caoimhín Ó Searcaigh ) is an Irish artist .
Mehdi Mahdavi ( Persian : مهدی مهدوی‎‎ , born 13 February 1984 in Karaj ) is an Iranian volleyball player , who plays as a setter for the Men 's National Team .
Jochen Dauer ( born 10 January 1952 ) is a German former racing driver and founder of Dauer Sportwagen .
Robert Gellately ( born 1943 ) is a Canadian academic who is one of the leading historians of modern Europe , particularly during World War II and the Cold War era .
Michael Higgs ( born 14 February 1962 ) is a British actor best known for prominent roles in two long - running television series :
Emma Alegre ( born 1933 ) is a retired Filipina actress , who worked from 1954 to 1957 , mostly for LVN Pictures .
Antonio Pasin ( 1897 - -1991 ) was the founder of the Radio Flyer company , best known for making the Radio Flyer toy wagon .
Gee Jon ( c. 1895 -- February 8 , 1924 ) was a Chinese national who was the first person in the United States to be executed by lethal gas .
Tobias Andreae , who was born at Frankfort in 1823 , studied under J. Becker , and then went to Munich , where he made the acquaintance of Rahl and Genelli .
Ferdinando Cona ( 25 April 1882 -- unknown ) was an Italian military officer who participated in World War II . His positions included C.O. XXI .
Kirk Hudson ( born 12 December 1986 ) is an English footballer who last played for Canvey Island in 2012 .
Aaron Chatman ( born 11 May 1987 ) is an Australian right arm amputee Paralympic athlete competing in class F / T46 men 's high jump , long jump and 100 m .
Roy Swetman ( born 25 October 1933 , Westminster , London ) is an English former cricketer , who played in eleven Tests as a wicket - keeper from 1959 to 1960 .
Christine Quinn - Brintnall ( 1952 -- May 19 , 2014 ) was an American jurist .
Amadeus Paulussen ( born 13 June 1981 in Basel ) is a Swiss music producer .
Martin Creed ( born 1968 ) is a British artist and musician .
Nick Rhodes ( born Nicholas James Bates ; 8 June 1962 ) is an English musician , best known as the founding member and keyboardist of the new wave band Duran Duran .
Harry Entwistle ( born 31 May 1940 ) is an English - born Australian priest of the Roman Catholic Church and the first Ordinary of the Personal Ordinariate of Our Lady of the Southern Cross .
Ian Prowse ( born 10 January 1964 ) is an English singer - songwriter , currently frontman of Amsterdam and previously of Pele .
Jerry Sonnenberg ( born May 1958 ) is a member of the Colorado Senate , representing Senate District 1 which encompasses Cheyenne , Elbert , Kit Carson , Lincoln , Logan , Morgan , Phillips , Sedgwick , Washington , Yuma counties , and parts of Weld County .
Hoàng Ấu Phương , pen name Bảo Ninh ( Nghệ An , 18 October 1952 ) is a Vietnamese novelist , essayist and writer of short stories , best known for his first novel , published in English as The Sorrow of War .
Vladan Vićević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владан Вићевић , born 26 July 1967 ) is a retired Serbian - born Salvadoran international football player .
Giuseppe Lorenzo Maria Casaregi ( 1670 - -1737 ) was an Italian jurist whose research on promissory notes , insurance , endorsement and sea trade law influenced the European evolution of the Law Merchant .
Heiki Nabi ( born 6 June 1985 ) is an Estonian Olympic champion wrestler .
Major General Carl H. Freeman , USA ( born 1947 ) is a retired American Quartermaster officer and former Chairman of the Inter - American Defense Board , Washington , D.C.
Norman Olson ( born 1946 ) is an American militia movement activist .
Roberto Ledesma ( La Habana , 24 June 1924 ) is a Cuban - born bolero singer who emigrated to the US in 1960 and gained a contract with Musart in the 1970s .
Donald Morrill ( born 1955 , Des Moines , Iowa ) is an American non - fiction author and poet .
Paul Jeanjean ( 1874 -- 1928 ) was a noted French composer .
Tony Pro ( born September 1973 ) is an American realist painter known for his paintings of the human figure , still life , and landscapes .
Konstantin Stepanov ( born 26 September 1983 ) ( Russian : Константин Степанов ) is a Russian professional pool player .
Marianne Werner , née Schulze Entrup , later Ader ( born 4 January 1924 ) , is a retired West German athlete who competed mainly in the shot put events .
Joshua Bayes ( 1671 - -1746 ) , was an English nonconformist minister .
Mariana Weissmann ( born 17 December 1933 ) is an Argentinian physicist , specializing in the computational physics of condensed matter .
Melissa Hoskins ( born 24 February 1991 ) is an Australian track and road racing cyclist .
Zoran Zlatkovski ( Macedonian : Зоран Златковски ; born 5 April 1987 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a striker for Greek side Panachaiki .
Siddharth Pico Raghavan Iyer ( born 11 February 1957 ) , known as Pico Iyer , is a British - born essayist and novelist of Indian origin , best known for his travel writing .
József Sir ( born Schier ; 28 April 1912 -- 22 September 1996 ) was a Hungarian sprinter .
Kenneth Hyman ( born 1928 ) is an American film producer , best known for The Dirty Dozen ( 1967 ) .
Michael Schutzler ( born 1962 ) is the CEO of Livemocha , an online language learning community .
Anna Ingrid Caroline Schlyter , ( born 9 October 1961 ) is a Swedish artist focusing on sculpture and installations .
The Mazeking ( born 1968 ) is an American contemporary visual artist living and working in New York City .
John Moulder - Brown ( born 3 June 1953 ) is a British actor , is perhaps best remembered for his roles in the films Deep End and La residencia .
Mehmed IV Giray Sufi , Mehmed Sufi Girai ( Crimean Tatar : IV Mehmed Geray , ۴محمد كراى‎ ; Sofu Mehmed Geray , صوفى محمد كراى‎ ) ( 1610 - -1674 ) -- a khan of the Crimean Khanate in 1641 - -44 and 1654 - -56 .
Salvatore Dierna ( born 18 November 1934 ) is an Italian Architect , Full Professor in Environmental Design since 1977 at the University of Rome `` La Sapienza '' ; he was the Dean of the Architecture School at the same University ( 2000 - 2003 ) ;
Gustav David Hamilton ( 1699 - -1788 ) was a Swedish count and soldier .
Antonio Folco ( born 4 October 1906 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian racing cyclist .
Luigi Misto ( born 24 June 1952 ) is the current secretary of the Administration of the Patrimony of the Apostolic See since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 7 July 2011 .
Karin Ström , born 1977 , is a Swedish singer and writer .
Douglas Veitch , better known as Champion Doug Veitch ( born 1960 , Hawick , Scotland ) is a Scottish musician and songwriter .
Milena Dravić ( pronounced ( mǐlena drǎːvit͡ɕ ) ; Serbian Cyrillic : Милена Дравић ; born 5 October 1940 ) is a Serbian actress .
George Douglas , 1st Earl of Angus ( 1380 - -1403 ) was a mediaeval Scottish nobleman .
Erzsébet Bognár ( pronounced ( ˈɛrʒeːbɛt ˈboɡnaːr ) ; born 1942 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian handball player and World champion .
Maria Mączyńska ( born 22 May 1932 ) is a retired Polish archer .
Claus Schromm ( born 21 April 1969 ) is a German football coach who currently is the head coach of SpVgg Unterhaching .
Monica Brodd ( born 1973 ) is a Swedish model and beauty pageant titleholder who won the Miss Sweden in 1992 and was in top 10 at Miss Universe the same year .
Władysław Oporowski ( 1395 - -1453 ) was a Polish medieval political and religious leader .
Captain Sir Norman Lloyd - Edwards KCVO GCStJ RD GOMLJ JP RNR ( born 13 June 1933 ) was the Lord Lieutenant of South Glamorgan from 1990 to 2008 .
Tim Barling ( born 21 June 1965 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian / Australian Football League ( VFL / AFL ) .
Carlton Errington Grant ( born 30 May 1969 ) , better known as Spragga Benz , is a Jamaican dancehall deejay .
Aziz Ahmed Khan was born to a Pathan family on 16 September 1943 .
Eleanor Anne Porden ( 14 July 1795 - 22 February 1825 ) was a British Romantic poet and the first wife of the explorer John Franklin .
Susan Kaiser Greenland , JD ( born 1956 ) is an American author and teacher of Mindful Awareness , a blending of East Asian meditation techniques thought to develop overall attentiveness and social / emotional skills while encouraging secular values .
Katarzyna Broniatowska ( born 22 February 1990 ) is a Polish athlete specializing in the middle distance events .
Nunzio Ferraiuoli ( 1661 - -1735 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , mainly of landscapes .
Bobby Harrison ( born Robert Leslie Harrison , 22 June 1939 , at West Ham , England ) is a drummer .
Ned McGowan ( born 1970 ) is an American composer and flutist based in Amsterdam .
Seema Bowri ( born 25 March 1976 ) is a British - based actor most noted for the role of PC Leela Kapoor in the ITV soap opera The Bill .
Dr. Abolhassan Naeini ( Persian : ابوالحسن نائینی ‎ , born in 1955 in Qazvin ) is an Iranian academic and the chancellor of Imam Khomeini International University from 2004 to 2006 and also 2014 to present .
Joan Trumpauer Mulholland ( born September 14 , 1941 ) is an American civil rights activist and a Freedom Rider from Arlington , Virginia .
László Vasile Gergely ( Hungarian : Gergely László ; born 28 October 1941 ) is a Romanian former football player .
Zhou Haibin ( simplified Chinese : 周海滨 ; traditional Chinese : 周海濱 ; pinyin : Zhōu Hǎibīn ; born 19 July 1985 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League .
Barış Çakmak ( born 5 July 1979 ) is a Turkish actor who has been involved in television series , theatre plays and films .
Harry Levinson ( 1922 -- June 26 , 2012 ) was an American psychologist and consultant in work and organizational issues .
Huỳnh Tuấn Linh ( born 17 April 1991 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Than Quảng Ninh F.C.
Dr. Joshua Mar Ignathios ( born 24 May 1950 ) is the Metropolitan Bishop of the Eparchy of Mavelikkara of the Syro - Malankara Catholic Church in the state of Kerala , India .
Frank Ash Yeo ( 18 August 1832 - 4 March 1888 ) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician .
Charles McGleenan ( 1894 -- 1974 fl.1966 ) was a farmer and a Republican politician in Northern Ireland .
Valentine Stockdale ( born 15 December 1981 ) is an English film producer , screenwriter and executive producer .
Thomas Conning ( born 11 January 1981 ) , better known by the stage name Verb T is a UK hip - hop artist based in London .
Nadia Sawalha ( born 18 November 1964 ) is an English actress and television presenter best known for her role as Annie Palmer in the BBC One soap opera EastEnders from 1997 to 1999 .
Georges Hobeika ( born 8 February 1962 ) is a Lebanese fashion designer of haute couture and ready - to - wear clothing .
Pádraig Brehony ( born 28 January 1993 ) is an Irish hurler who plays as a forward for the Galway senior team .
Michel Venne ( born in 1960 ) is a Quebec journalist , author and intellectual .
Elizabeth Kiss ( born 1961 ) is serving as the eighth president of Agnes Scott College in Decatur , Georgia .
Vilmos Földes ( sometimes transliterated as Foeldes or occasionally Foldes ; born 16 December 1984 ) is a Hungarian professional Pocket billiards ( pool ) player .
Dwayne Jenner ( born 17 November 1990 , in Benoni ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with the Eastern Province Kings .
Lady Linn ( born 1981 , in Sint - Amandsberg ) is the artist name of the Flemish singer Lien De Greef .
Bae Sang - moon ( Korean : 배상문 ; born 21 June 1986 ) , or Sang - moon Bae , is a South Korean professional golfer who plays on the PGA Tour , Asian Tour and Japan Golf Tour .
Sergio Monteiro ( Niteroi , RJ , 12 February 1974 ) is a Brazilian pianist .
Peng Shaoxiong ( simplified Chinese : 彭绍雄 ; traditional Chinese : 彭紹雄 ; pinyin : Péng Shàoxióng ; born 27 May 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for China League Two side Meizhou Wuhua .
Samuel Maoz ( Hebrew : שמואל מעוז ; born c. 1962 ) is an Israeli film director .
Jefferson Friedman ( born 1974 Swampscott , Massachusetts ) is an American composer .
Margrit Schiller ( born March 1948 ) was a West German militant leftist associated with the Socialist Patients ' Collective and later the Red Army Faction .
Liu Chunyan ( simplified Chinese : 刘纯燕 ; traditional Chinese : 劉純燕 ; pinyin : Liú Chúnyàn ; born 20 August 1966 ) better known by her nickname Jin Guizi ( simplified Chinese : 金龟子 ; traditional Chinese : 金龜子 ; pinyin : Jīn Guīzi ) , is a Chinese host and actress .
Marcel Göpferich ( born 16 May 1983 ) , is a German football referee .
Gnaeus Claudius Severus Arabianus ( 113-after 176 ) was a Roman Senator and philosopher who lived in the Roman Empire .
Renato Beghe ( 1933 - July 7 , 2012 ) was a Judge of the United States Tax Court .
William Stobbs ( 27 June 1914 in South Shields , England -- 6 April 2000 ) was an author and illustrator .
Nej Adamson ( born 23 December 1958 ) , also credited as Nejdet Salih , is an English actor .
Jaleh Farhadpour ( born 1958 ) is a Canadian jewelry designer of Persian origin .
Enrico Venti ( Born 30 December 1978 ) is an Italian actor and comedian .
English Prince ( 1971 - -1983 ) was an Irish - bred , British - trained Thoroughbred racehorse and sire .
Yi Xiqun ( Simplified Chinese : 衣锡群 ) ( born 1947 ) is a Chinese entrepreneur .
Ralph Tepel born 1964 in Celle , Lower Saxony , Germany is a german artist , working now for more than 25 years as a fine art photographer , painter , sculptor and last but not least as a sound performance artist .
Tserenjavyn Enkhjargal ( Mongolian : Цэрэнжавын Энхжаргал ; born 26 October 1984 ) is a Mongolian international footballer .
Chris van Heerden ( born 19 June 1987 ) is a South African professional boxer and the former IBO welterweight champion .
Shadi Jamil ( شادي جميل ) ( born 22 September 1955 ) is a Syrian singer from Aleppo .
Júlio Eduardo Zamith Carrilho ( born 1947 in Pemba , Cabo Delgado Province ) is a Mozambican politician and long - time member of FRELIMO .
Kym Barrett ( born 11 August 1965 ) is an Australian costume designer of Hollywood films .
Jerome Fleisch ( born 2 April 1980 ) is an English professional wrestler , better known by his ring name Jody Fleisch .
LaToya Ruby Frazier ( born 1982 ) is an American artist and professor of photography at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago .
Olav Gjelsvik ( born30 June 1956 ) is a Norwegian philosopher .
Adam Bothwell was born about 1527 ; his epitaph states that he died `` anno ætatis suæ ( at the age of ) 67 . ''
Zoltán Boros ( b. 1948 ) is a Hungarian orienteering competitor .
Seamus McCabe ( born 13 May 1987 ) is an Irish football player currently playing for Rock Celtic F.C. He has won honours with his school including a Leinster League medal as well as North East league .
Shomshuklla ( born 9 November 1965 ) is an Indian film director , script writer , theatre personality , singer and a writer .
Erling Trondsen ( born 28 December 1959 ) is a Paralympic swimmer who has won 20 medals , thirteen of them gold , between 1976 and 1992 .
Ritu Rani ( born 29 December 1991 ) is an Indian field hockey player and current captain of the national team .
Chu Qing ( Chinese : 楚青 ; pinyin : Chǔ Qīng ; born March 1923 ) , born Zhan Yongzhu ( 詹永珠 ) , is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Serge Said ( born 11 November 1985 ) is a Lebanese footballer who plays as a Midfielder .
Kate Church ( born 27 March 1978 ) is an Australian Paralympian from Victoria who competed in swimming at the 2000 Summer Paralympic Games .
Giovanni Giuseppe Bianconi , sometimes J. Josephi or Joseph Bianconi , ( 31 July 1809 , Bologna - 18 October 1878 , Bologna ) was an Italian zoologist , herpetologist , botanist and geologist .
Hans de Witte ( 1583 - 1630 ) was a German financier who was the main financial backer of Albrecht von Wallenstein 's army during the Thirty Years War .
Luigi Basiletti ( April 18 , 1780 -- January 25 , 1859 ) was an Italian painter , engraver , architect , and archeologist .
Kevin Woodford ( born 4 June 1950 ) is a Manx celebrity chef , actor , television presenter , businessman , hotelier and former restaurateur .
Martin Bergman ( born 17 June 1957 ) is a British producer , writer and director notable for working in Hollywood .
David Lowenthal ( born 1923 ) is an American historian and geographer .
Graeme Sutherland ( born 25 December 1964 ) is a free - lance writer , mainly specialising in broadcast comedy .
Lisa Zaiser ( born 23 August 1994 ) is an Austrian swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Samuel Julius Gould ( born 13 October 1924 ) is Emeritus Professor of Sociology at the University of Nottingham .
Francesco Antonio Rosetti ( c. 1750 -- June 30 , 1792 , born Franz Anton Rösler , changed to Italianate form by 1773 ) was a classical era composer and double bass player , and was a contemporary of Haydn and Mozart .
Rufus Ferrand Pelletier ( 29 March 1824 , in Carteret County , North Carolina -- ? ) , was an early resident and principal founder of Jacksonville , North Carolina .
Joseph Meister ( 21 February 1876 - 24 June 1940 ) was the first person to be inoculated against rabies by Louis Pasteur , and the first person to be successfully treated for the infection .
Shawn Lewfatt ( born 11 March 1977 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Henry Bristow Wilson ( 1803 - -1888 ) was a theologian and a fellow of St John 's College , Oxford .
Donato Coco ( born 1956 , Foggia ) is an Italian automobile designer .
Manding Claro ( born 1938 ) is a Filipino Matinee idol of LVN Pictures of the 50 's paired with another matinee idol Nenita Vidal .
Albert Evers ( 1868 -- after 1890 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football Alliance for Small Heath .
Terézia Poliaková ( born 2 April 1989 ) is a Slovak biathlete .
Coleen Fitzgibbon ( born 1950 ) is an American experimental film artist associated with Collaborative Projects , Inc. Colab .
Ronald Hertog ( born in Moordrecht , now merged into Zuidplas , on 13 January 1989 ) is a Dutch amputee and Paralympic javelin thrower .
Hayden Skipworth ( born 25 February 1983 ) is a former Australian rules footballer with Australian Football League ( AFL ) clubs Adelaide and Essendon .
Philip James DeVries PhD ( born March 7 , 1952 ) is a tropical biologist whose research focuses on insect ecology and evolution , especially butterflies .
Shankha Ghosh ( Bengali : শঙ্খ ঘোষ ; born 6 February 1932 ) is a Bengali Indian poet and critic .
Dan Steinbock ( born 1954 ) is a global economic and policy analyst .
Vebjørn Tandberg ( 16 September 1904 -- 30 August 1978 ) was a Norwegian electronics engineer .
Patricio G. Espinoza , ( born 1962 in Quito , Ecuador ) , is a journalist best known for his Spanish language investigative TV news reports , newspaper columns and Hispanic community contributions in the United States .
Deborah Poynton ( born in 1970 ) is a South African painter best known for her monumental , hyper - realistic , hyper - detailed , nude portraits , usually of friends and family .
Syed Abdullah Muhammad Taher ( Bengali : সৈয়দ আবদুল্লাহ মোহাম্মদ তাহের)(born 1958 ) is a Bangladeshi politician and former Member of Parliament for Comilla-12 constituency in seventh parliamentary elections from 2001 - 2006 in Bangladesh .
Tanika Liburd ( born 20 May 1982 ) is an athlete representing Saint Kitts and Nevis who specialized in the long jump .
Christopher Soghoian ( born 1981 ) is a privacy researcher and activist .
Pakhi Tyrewala ( born 6 June 1984 ) is the stage name of Punarnava Mehta an Indian actress who debuted in Bollywood in 2002 with Yeh Kya Ho Raha Hai ? , in which she used her real name Punarnava Mehta .
Łukasz Zakrzewski ( born 1984 ) is a Polish sailor , ice sailor .
Iwo Zaniewski ( born 22 May 1956 in Warsaw , Poland ) is a Polish painter , photographer , director and artistic director of Przybora Zaniewski Ltd ( PZL ) , an advertising agency .
Cesare Aureli ( Rome , 1844 -- 1923 ) was an Italian sculptor and writer .
Francisco Combés ( 1620 -- 1665 ) was a Spanish priest who established Christian monasteries in the Philippines in the 17th century .
Jean de Gisors ( 1133 - -1220 ) was a Norman lord of the fortress of Gisors in Normandy , where meetings were traditionally convened between English and French kings .
Bhau Daji Lad ( Ramakrishna Vitthal Lad ) ( 1822 - -74 ) was an Indian physician , Sanskrit scholar , and an antiquary , of the Marathi community , who hailed from a little village in Goa called Parsem who later moved to Mumbai .
Thomas Sills ( August 20 , 1914 -- September 26 , 2000 ) was a painter and collagist and a participant in the New York Abstract Expressionist movement .
Holly Crawford ( born 10 February 1984 ) is an Australian half - pipe snowboarder .
Jake Riviera ( born Andrew Jakeman , February 1948 , in Edgware , Middlesex ) is a music business entrepreneur best known for his management of such performers as Elvis Costello and Nick Lowe and as co - founder ( with Dave Robinson ) of pioneering British indie label Stiff Records .
John Merewether ( 1797 - -1850 ) was an English churchman , Dean of Hereford from 1832 , known also as an antiquary .
Stewart Palfreyman ( born 30 December 1948 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the early 1970s .
Moosa Raza was born on 27 February 1937 in Minambur , a small village located between Gingee and Villupuram in the Villupuram District in the State of Tamil Nadu , India to Ghulam Ali Mehkari and Aasiya Begum .
Muhammed Akhtar FRS ( Urdu : محمد اختر‎ ; born 23 February 1933 ) is a Pakistani chemist , and Director General of the School of Biological Sciences , at the University of the Punjab .
Sean Marsden ( born 17 January 1980 in Stirling ) is a rugby union player who was born in Scotland but has spent most of his life in England , being capped by England at U16 Level , even scoring a hat - trick of tries against the land of his birth .
Sir Matthew Lamb , 1st Baronet ( 1705 -- 6 November 1768 ) was a British barrister and politician .
Ann Jago ( born 20 February 1939 in Hull , Yorkshire ) played two Test matches for the England women 's cricket team in the 1960 - -61 season .
Peter Brötzmann ( born 6 March 1941 ) is a German artist and free jazz saxophonist and clarinetist .
Abbas Al - Saffar ( born 15 January 1994 ) is a Saudi Arabian handball player for Mudhar and the Saudi Arabian national team .
Lars Lunde ( born 21 March 1964 ) is a Danish former professional football player , who played in the striker position .
Scott Cardle ( born 28 September 1989 ) is a British boxer who won the British lightweight title in May 2015 .
Colonel John Walpole ( 17 November 1787 -- 10 December 1859 ) was a soldier and diplomat , a younger son of Horatio Walpole , 2nd Earl of Orford .
Sam Savitt ( 1917 - -2000 ) was an equine artist and author , as well as an illustrator of over 100 books .
Kim Kee - hee ( Hangul : 김기희 ; born 13 July 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors in the K League Classic .
Eirini Aindili ( Greek : Ειρήνη Αϊνδιλή ; born 11 March 1983 in Euboia ) is a Greek rhythmic gymnast .
Richard Sweetman ( born 28 July 1990 in Maitland , New South Wales ) is an Australian speedway rider who rode for several British teams .
Manuel de la Cámara y Libermoore ( or Livermoore ) ( 7 May 1835 -- 1920 ) was a vice admiral of the Spanish Navy .
Andrej Einspieler ( 13 November 1813 -- 16 January 1888 ) was a Slovene politician , Roman Catholic priest and journalist , and one of the early leaders of the Old Slovene national movement in the 19th century .
Cino Tortorella , born 27 June 1927 , is a former Italian television presenter , best known for creating and conducting the Zecchino d'Oro festival of children 's songs .
Jeffrey P. Nadler ( born 27 February 1950 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is a Jewish American Infectious Diseases and HIV / AIDS expert .
Jacques Distler ( born 1961 ) is a physicist working in string theory .
Paul Landers ( born 9 December 1964 ) is a German musician , notable as guitarist for the Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein .
Mendo de Benavides ( 1569 - 17 Oct 1644 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Cartagena ( 1640 - 1644 ) and Bishop of Segovia ( 1533 - -1540 ) .
Tommy Jessop ( born 19 January 1985 ) is a British actor who has Down syndrome .
Shu - Park Chan ( 1929 - -February 22 , 2013 ) was a Chinese - born electrical engineer who served for many years as a professor at Santa Clara University and went on to found International Technological University and serve as its first president .
Wayne Cegielski ( born 11 January 1956 ) is a former Welsh under-21 international footballer .
Yves Lampaert ( born 10 April 1991 ) is a Belgian racing cyclist , currently riding for Etixx - Quick Step .
Kylie Nicole Sicangco Padilla ( born 25 January 1993 ) , also known as Kylie Padilla , is an Australian--
Edgar R. Aston ( 1847 -- April 14 , 1932 ) was a soldier in the U.S. Army who served with the 8th U.S. Cavalry during the Apache Wars against Cochise .
Ana Boulter ( born 29 April 1976 ) is a British television presenter , who currently lives in Hong Kong .
Eileen Shields ( Born 1970 in New York ) is a footwear designer and owner of the EILEEN SHIELDS label and the Dublin - based store / gallery `` 5 Scarlet Row '' .
William Lowther , 2nd Earl of Lonsdale PC , FRS ( 21 July 1787 -- 4 March 1872 ) , styled Viscount Lowther between 1807 and 1844 , was a British Tory politician .
Esther Qin ( born 18 November 1991 ) is a Chinese - born Australian diver .
Martin Ågerup ( born 1966 ) is a Danish economist and the current president of the think tank CEPOS .
Mohamed Bennouna ( born 29 April 1943 in Marrakech , Morocco ) is a diplomat and jurist from Morocco .
Roman Szymański ( 4 August 1840 , Kostrzyn - 18 December 1908 , Poznań ) was a Polish political activist , publicist , editor of Orędownik magazine .
Fréderike Geerdink ( born 1970 ) is a Dutch freelance journalist and author who specializes in reporting on Kurdish women and political issues in Turkey from Diyarbakir , where she was the lone foreign journalist based there between 2012 - 2015 .
Stephen Duck ( c. 1705 -- 1756 ) was an English poet whose career reflected both the Augustan era 's interest in `` naturals '' ( natural geniuses ) and its resistance to classlessness .
Dorthe Skappel ( born 18 December 1962 ) is a Norwegian television personality , journalist , celebutante and former model , probably best known for hosting God kveld , Norge ! and Gullruten on TV2 .
Adrienne von Speyr ( 20 September 1902 -- 17 September 1967 ) was a Swiss Catholic physician , writer and theologian .
Bernard O'Hara is an Irish historian , born c. 1945 .
Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel ( 1777 -- 28 September 1826 ) was the inventor of the first successful metronome .
Fred W. Stewart ( 1894 - 1991 ) was an American surgical pathologist who was chief of pathology at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center .
Michel Tacq , or Mitacq , ( 10 June 1927 -- 22 May 1994 ) is an author of Belgian comics .
Michael O'Herlihy ( 1 April 1929 -- 16 June 1997 ) was an Irish television producer and director who directed shows like Gunsmoke ( 1955 ) , Maverick ( 1957 ) , Star Trek ( 1965 ) , Hawaii Five - O ( 1968 ) , M*A*S*H ( 1972 ) and The A - Team ( 1983 ) .
Joan Ophelia Gordon Bell ( 1915 - 1975 ) , known as Ophelia , was an English sculptor , known for her several commisisons for the United Kingdom 's Atomic Energy Authority .
Aloha Wanderwell ( born Idris Hall ; 13 October 1906 -- 4 June 1996 ) was a Canadian - American internationalist , explorer , author and filmmaker .
Cecil Wingfield ( 21 September 1893 -- 28 January 1955 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1938 until his death .
Guru Har Krishan ( ( ɡʊru həɾ kɾɪʃən ) ; 23 July 1656 -- 30 March 1664 ) was the eighth of the ten Sikh Gurus .
Hermann Bahlsen ( born 14 November 1859 in Hannover ; died 6 November 1919 in Hannover ) was a German entrepreneur .
Trần Hoàn , born Nguyễn Tăng Hích ( 1928 -- 23 November 2003 ) , was a Vietnamese songwriter and performer .
Hey You , Pikachu ! , known in Japan as Pikachū Genki Dechū ( ピカチュウげんきでちゅう , lit . a pun on `` Pikachu genki desu '' ( Pikachu is fine ) ) , is a Nintendo 64 video game developed by Ambrella and published by Nintendo that is recommended for children aged 12 and under .
Basketbrawl is a video game released for the Atari 7800 in 1990 and the Atari Lynx in 1992 .
Bible Adventures is a Christian video game by Wisdom Tree first released in 1991 for the NES , and re - released in 1995 for the Sega Mega Drive / Sega Genesis .
The Sims Online ( also known as EA - Land ) was the first massively multiplayer online variation on Maxis 's highly popular computer game The Sims , the second being the Online Weekend mode for The Sims Bustin ' Out , and third being The Sims Social .
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe is a crossover fighting video game between Mortal Kombat and the DC Comics fictional universe , developed by Midway Games and Warner Bros. Games .
Flashgal is a 1985 scrolling shooter arcade game by Sega .
Colossus Chess is a series of chess - playing computer programs developed by Martin Bryant , commercially available for various home computers in the 1980s .
Mobiola is a wide range of software by SHAPE Services .
Silent Scope 3 is a rail shooter video game developed and published by Konami .
Philanthropist John Gilmore initiated GNU Radio with the funding of $ 320,000 ( US ) to Eric Blossom for code creation and project management duties .
NCAA Basketball 10 is a basketball video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts .
Fast Food Tycoon , also known as Pizza Syndicate in Europe , is an economical simulation computer game developed by Software 2000 , and licensed to Activision Value Publishing .
Bejeweled 3 is a tile - matching puzzle video game developed and published by PopCap Games .
Windows 1.0 is a graphical personal computer operating environment developed by Microsoft .
Cosmic Avenger is a horizontally scrolling shooter arcade game developed and published by Universal Entertainment Corporation and released in 1981 .
Super Swap is an action puzzle game developed by Teyon for the Nintendo DSiWare .
Ultimate Shooting Collection , originally released in Japan as Milestone Shooting Collection :
Kawasaki Quad Bikes is a video game for the Wii console , developed by Data Design Interactive , a budget developer .
Netrek is an Internet game for up to 16 players , written almost entirely in cross - platform open source software .
Gloria Union ( subtitle `` Twin Fates in Blue Ocean '' ) is a tactical role - playing game for the PlayStation Portable , developed by Sting Entertainment and published by Atlus .
Pro / DESKTOP ( commonly referred to as Pro / D ) formerly known as DesignWave , was a Computer - aided design ( CAD ) program from Parametric Technology Corporation ( PTC ) , that allowed users to design and model in 3D and create 2D drawings .
NBA Jam 2001 is a sports Game Boy Color game made by Acclaim Entertainment as licensed basketball simulation for the 2001 - 2002 NBA season .
EA Sports MMA is a fighting video game which was published by EA Sports and developed by EA Tiburon from 2008 to 2010 .
Victoria II is a grand strategy wargame developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive , sequel to 2003 's Victoria .
Battle Out Run was a 1989 videogame released by Sega on the Master System .
Windows Server 2008 R2 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft .
Both Outlaw Golf and Outlaw Golf 2 are golf video games developed by Hypnotix , that are intended for adults and mature teens .
Firefly Online is a strategic role - playing video game in development by Spark Plug Games and Quantum Mechanix for Microsoft Windows , Mac OS , iOS , and Android based on the Firefly franchise .
Medieval Mayor is a city - building game set in the Middle Ages under development by Tilted Mill Entertainment .
WINtA is a music video game for the iOS platform , developed pro bono by Masaya Matsuura 's NanaOn - Sha Studio and Triangle Studios , published by ngmoco under the OneBigGame charity initiative .
Supremacy MMA is a mixed martial arts -- style fighting video game developed by Kung Fu Factory and published by 505 Games .
Impossamole is a platform game developed by Core Design for the Amiga , Atari ST , Commodore 64 , Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum .
Tony Hawk 's Pro Skater 5 is a skateboarding video game in the Tony Hawk 's series developed by Robomodo and Disruptive Games , and published by Activision .
Sexy Poker is a strip poker video game by Gameloft originally released for mobile phone platforms in 2004 .
F-19 Stealth Fighter is a combat flight simulator developed and released in 1988 ( DOS ) and 1990 ( Amiga and Atari ST ) by MicroProse , featuring a fictional United States military aircraft .
Dvanáct křesel ( Polish : Dwanaście krzeseł , translit . Twelve Chairs ) is a 1933 Polish - Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Michał Waszyński and Martin Frič freely based on the Russian novel `` Twelve Chairs '' by Ilya Ilf and Evgeny Petrov .
Love of Siam ( Thai : รักแห่งสยาม , rtgs : Rak Haeng Sayam , pronounced ( rák hɛ̀ŋ sà.jǎːm ) ) is a 2007 Thai gay - themed romantic - drama film written and directed by Chookiat Sakveerakul .
The Frog Kingdom ( Chinese : 青蛙王国 ) is a 2013 Chinese animated adventure drama film directed by Nelson Shin .
A Season of Giants ( Italian : La primavera di Michelangelo , also known as Michelangelo : The Last Giant ) is a 1990 American - Italian biographical drama television film directed by Jerry London .
Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American black comedy drama road film and the directorial film debut of the husband - wife team of Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris .
Yeh Zindagi Ka Safar ( English : Journey of Life ) is a 2001 Bollywood film , directed by Tanuja Chandra and produced by Mukesh Bhatt .
Tapeheads is a 1988 comedy film directed by Bill Fishman .
Paths of War ( Italian : Franco e Ciccio sul sentiero di guerra ) is a 1970 Italian western - comedy film directed by Aldo Grimaldi .
Maiden 's Rock ( Bulgarian : Momina skala ) is a 1922 Bulgarian silent drama film directed by Boris Grezov and starring Grezov , Katya Syoyanova and Vyara Salplieva - Staneva .
Tonto Basin Outlaws is a 1941 American film directed by S. Roy Luby , the tenth of the entries in the Range Busters series .
The Southern Qi ( simplified Chinese : 南齐 ; traditional Chinese : 南齊 ; pinyin : Nán Qí ) ( 479 - 502 ) was the second of the Southern dynasties in China , followed by the Liang Dynasty .
The Toungoo Dynasty ( Burmese : တောင်ငူမင်းဆက် , ( tàʊɴŋù mɪ́ɴ zɛʔ ) ; also spelled Taungoo Dynasty ) was the ruling dynasty of Burma ( Myanmar ) from the mid-16th century to 1752 .
Belgorod Province was an administrative of the Tsardom of Moscow and the Russian Empire in 1719 - -1775 .
Owing partly to that success , Child World management announced that the new prototype would be used to renovate 11 existing sites , and new market expansion would be targeted in 1990 , 1991 and 1992 using the new design .
The Kerma Culture was an early civilization that flourished from around 2500 BCE to about 1500 BCE in Nubia in present - day southern Egypt and northern Sudan , centered at Kerma , Sudan .
Ordubadsky Uyezd ( Russian : Ордубадский уезд ) was one of the uyezds ( administrative units ) of Erivan Governorate of the Russian Empire with its center in Ordubad from 1849 until 1868 .
The Federation of Independents ( German : Verband der Unabhängigen , VdU ) was a German nationalist and national - liberal political party in Austria active from 1949 to 1955 .
On April 30 , 2010 , Movie Gallery announced it was closing and liquidating all of its stores per a filing of Chapter 7 bankruptcy .
Taiwan under Japanese rule is the period between 1895 and 1945 in which the island of Taiwan ( including the Penghu Islands ) was a dependency of the Empire of Japan , after Qing China lost the First Sino - Japanese War to Japan and ceded Taiwan Province in the Treaty of Shimonoseki .
The Anglo - German Fellowship was a group which existed from 1935 to 1939 and aimed to build up friendship between the United Kingdom and Germany ; it was widely perceived as being allied to Nazism .
Aeromarine West Indies Airways was a United States airline that operated from 1920 to 1924 .
It was founded in 1881 and in 1919 became part of the Union of Post Office Workers ( later to be renamed Union of Communication Workers ) by the merger of the Postmen 's Federation , Postal and Telegraph Clerks ' Association and the Fawcett Association .
Kexholm County ( Swedish : Kexholms län , Finnish : Käkisalmen lääni ) was a county of the Swedish Empire from 1634 to 1721 , when the southern part was ceded to the Russian Empire in the Treaty of Nystad .
East Prussia ( German : Ostpreußen , pronounced ( ˈɔstˌpʁɔʏsən ) ; Latin : Borussia orientalis ; Russian : Восточная Пруссия ) was a province of Prussia from 1773 - -1829 and 1878 - -1945 .
On March 17 , 2015 , Actavis , plc completed the acquisition of Allergan , Inc. in a cash and equity transaction valued at approximately $ 70.5 billion .
The Ulster Transport Authority ( UTA ) ran rail and bus transport in Northern Ireland from 1948 until 1966 .
The Benin Empire was `` one of the oldest and most highly developed states in the coastal hinterland of West Africa , dating perhaps to the eleventh century CE '' , until it was annexed by the British Empire in 1897 .
The Bund Deutscher Frauenvereine ( Federation of German Women 's Associations ) was founded on 28/29th March 1894 as umbrella organization of the women 's civil rights feminist movement and existed until the Nazi seizure of power by the National Socialists in 1933 .
The Taifa of Orihuela was a medieval taifa kingdom which existed probably from around 1239 to 1249 .
Skierniewice Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo skierniewickie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland from 1975 to 1998 , superseded by Łódź Voivodeship and Masovian Voivodeship .
The Kumul Khanate was a semi - autonomous feudal Turkic khanate within the Qing dynasty and then the Republic of China until it was abolished by Xinjiang governor Jin Shuren in 1930 .
During the secularisation in 1803 , Heggbach Abbey came into the possession of Count Waldbott von Bassenheim , passing in 1806 to the Kingdom of Württemberg .
Conversely , although it was not a state in the German Reich , until 1919 Luxembourg remained in the Zollverein .
On June 23 , 2006 , Anadarko Petroleum Corporation acquired Kerr - McGee in an all - cash transaction totaling $ 16.5 billion plus $ 2.6 billion in debt and all operations moved out of Oklahoma .
Rainbow Arts was a German video game developer founded in 1984 in Gütersloh by Marc Ulrich which was later bought by Funsoft , and eventually absorbed by THQ in 1999 .
Dr Maressa Orzack studied at Columbia University , where she worked as an experimental psychologist .
Corey Marks holds a Ph.D. in Creative Writing and Literature from the University of Houston , an MFA from the Program for Writers at Warren Wilson College , and a BA in English from Kalamazoo College .
A native of Philadelphia , Herbert Callen received his Bachelor of Science degree from Temple University .
Paul Nathaniel Barman ( born October 30 , 1974 ) , better known by his stage name MC Paul Barman , is a Jewish - American rapper from Ridgewood , New Jersey , who attended Brown University .
Eleni Avlonitou attended Indiana University ( Bloomington ) and received her MSc in Physical Education in 1983 and PhD in ergophysiology in 1988 .
Born in the village of Quarter , South Lanarkshire , Scotland , on 5 June 1949 , Walter Perrie was educated at the Hamilton Academy from which he entered the University of Edinburgh ( subsequently gaining a further degree from the University of Stirling . )
Clyde Hart ( born in 1935 ) is the director of track and field at Baylor University .
Ketil Lenning graduated from the Texas A&M University with a Bachelor of Science in 1974 .
Sukhdevsinhji later studied economics at St. Stephen 's College , Delhi , and has held a variety of positions with companies in India 's oil and gas sector , most notably as chairman of Bharat Petroleum .
Barbara Rosene majored in English at John Carroll University and picked up early experience singing with the school choir , performing with a big band , and at a jazz bar .
H. Allen Brooks ( 6 November 1925 , New Haven , Connecticut -- 8 August 2010 , Hanover , New Hampshire ) was an architectural historian and longtime professor at the University of Toronto .
Louise Goodman is a British commentator and reporter who worked on ITV 's Formula One coverage until it ceased at the 2008 Brazilian Grand Prix .
Dacher Keltner is a professor of psychology at University of California , Berkeley , where he directs the Berkeley Social Interaction Lab . He is also the director of the Greater Good Science Center , formerly known as the Center for the Development of Peace and Well - Being .
Tom Kalin ( born 1962 ) is a screenwriter , film director , producer , and professor of experimental film at European Graduate School in Saas - Fee .
Nicholas A. Kotov , FRSC ( born August 29 , 1965 , Moscow , USSR ) , is the Joseph B. and Florence V. Cejka Professor of Chemical Engineering at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , MI .
Peter Trowbridge is an American landscape architect , Professor and Chair of Landscape Architecture at Cornell University
Noreen M. Clark was the Myron E. Wegman Distinguished University Professor , Director of the Center for Managing Chronic Disease , Professor of Health Behavior & Health Education , and Professor of Pediatrics at the University of Michigan .
Markus Greiner is a German physicist and Professor of Physics at Harvard University .
Tim Benton ( born 21 June 1945 , Rome ) is Professor of Art History at the Open University in the UK as well as a writer and broadcaster .
Mário Vieira de Carvalho is a full professor of sociology of music at Universidade Nova de Lisboa , Faculdade de Ciências Sociais e Humanas .
Wilfred Watson ( May 1 , 1911 -- March 25 , 1998 ) was professor emeritus of English at Canada 's University of Alberta for many years .
Christa Dürscheid ( born October 4 , 1959 in Kehl - Kork , Germany ) , is a German linguist and professor at the University of Zurich , Switzerland .
Eduard Gaugler ( 23 June 1928 -- 12 April 2014 ) was a German researcher , economist and former professor for human resource management at both the University of Regensburg and the University of Mannheim from 1972 to 1989 .
Leonard Barkan is Class of 1943 University Professor and Chair of the Department of Comparative Literature , at Princeton University .
Mabel Berezin is a sociologist at the Department of Sociology at Cornell University .
Kenneth A. Loparo is Nord Professor of Engineering and Chair of Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science at the Case Western Reserve University , OH , USA , where has been affiliated with since 1979 .
David Streatfield is a widely recognized historian of landscape architecture and long - time professor in the Department of Landscape Architecture at the University of Washington .
Marla Spivak ( born 1955 ) is an American entomologist , and Distinguished McKnight University Professor at the University of Minnesota .
In 2003 , Timothy Radcliffe was made an honorary Doctor of Divinity in the University of Oxford , the University 's highest honorary degree .
Shiulie Ghosh ( Bengali : শিউলি ঘোষ , /ʃjuli ghɔːʃ/ , born 28 September 1968 ) is a television journalist , currently working for Al Jazeera English .
Roger Pusey is a former BBC Radio 1 producer who worked on the Peel Sessions .
Caroline Hawley ( born 1967 , Nigeria ) is a British journalist who has been a Special Correspondent for the BBC News channel since 2007 .
Robert David Stevens ( born 1965 ) is a Professor of Bio - Health Informatics in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester .
Michael Schratz ( born 1952 in Graz , Austria ) is an educational researcher , professor of Education at the University of Innsbruck .
Jeremy A. Rabkin ( born July 15 , 1952 ) is a professor of law at George Mason University School of Law , where he teaches constitutional law and international law .
Jia Rongqing ( simplified Chinese : 贾荣庆 ; traditional Chinese : 賈榮慶 ; pinyin : Jiǎ Róngqìng ; Wade -- Giles : Chia Jungch'ing ) is a Canadian mathematician of Chinese origin who is a mathematics professor at the University of Alberta researching approximation theory and wavelet analysis .
Thomas W. Clarkson is a heavy metals toxicologist and an emeritus professor in the department of environmental medicine at the University of Rochester Medical Center .
Margaret Morganroth Gullette ( born 1941 ) , a Resident Scholar at the Women 's Studies Research Center at Brandeis University , is a cultural critic who calls herself an age critic and theorist .
Joseph Fielding McConkie ( April 3 , 1941 -- October 10 , 2013 ) was a professor of Ancient Scripture at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) and an author or co - author of over 25 books .
Catherine Pollard ( born in 1960 in Georgetown , Guyana ) is the Coordinator for Multilingualism for the United Nations .
Heather Cox ( born Heather Schoeny on June 3 , 1970 ) is an American sportscaster who is a sideline reporter for WNBA , NBA , college basketball and college football games on ESPN , ESPN2 and ABC Sports .
Ellen Spertus is a Professor of Computer Science at Mills College , Oakland , California , United States , and a senior research scientist at Google .
Heinz Schlaffer studies German language and culture and is an emeritus Professor of Literary Science of the University of Stuttgart .
Clyde Taylor is an African - American writer and film scholar , who is an emeritus professor at New York University , and a contributor to journals such as Black Film Review and Jump Cut .
Caroline Bilton ( born Caroline Davis on 3 February 1976 in Anlaby , West Hull ) is a British television presenter , currently one of the main anchors host of the BBC regional news programme Look North , broadcast from Hull to the East Riding of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire .
Michael Collie is a British television and radio presenter who appears on BBC News .
Brigitte Mral ( born 1953 in Germany ) is a professor of rhetoric at Örebro University .
Zarin Patel is a British accountant and company executive who was the BBC 's Chief Financial Officer from 2004 , following the promotion of John Smith to Chief Operating Officer , until 2013 .
Richard Conn Henry ( born 7 March 1940 ) is a Professor of Physics and Astronomy at Johns Hopkins University , author of one book and over 200 publications on the topics of astrophysics and various forms of astronomy including optical , radio , ultraviolet , and X - ray .
Edward Kellog Strong , Jr. ( August 18 , 1884 -- December 4 , 1963 ) was an Emeritus Professor of Applied Psychology at Stanford University , who specialized in organizational psychology and career theory and development .
William C. Clark ( born December 20 , 1948 in Greenwich , Connecticut ) is an American ecologist and environmental policy analyst , and Harvey Brooks Professor of International Science , Public Policy and Human Development at the John F. Kennedy School of Government , Harvard University .
Raia Prokhovnik ( born 7 May 1951 ) , is Reader in Politics at the Open University 's Faculty of Social Sciences , for their Department of Politics and International Studies , and founding editor of the journal Contemporary Political Theory .
Catherine Lutz is an American anthropologist and Thomas J. Watson , Jr. Family Professor of Anthropology and International Studies at Brown University .
Linda Ruth Williams ( born 16 April 1961 ) is Professor of Film Studies in the School of Humanities at the University of Southampton , UK .
Lynette Pearson ( 1950 - c. 11 December 2001 ) , known professionally as Lynette Lithgow ) , was a Trinidad - born , British - based newsreader and journalist who is best remembered for her career as a newsreader for BBC News .
David P. Calleo ( * 19 July 1934 ) is an American political scientist , based at the Johns Hopkins University School of Advanced International Studies , where he holds the titles of Dean Acheson Professor and University Professor .
Peter Flora ( * 3 March 1944 , in Innsbruck , Tyrol , Austria ) is an Austrian citizen and taught until his retirement in spring 2009 as a professor of sociology at the University of Mannheim .
Shang Fa Yang ( Chinese : 楊祥發 ; November 10 , 1932 -- February 12 , 2007 ) was an acclaimed plant scientist and a professor at the University of California , Davis .
Theodore Roosevelt IV ( born November 27 , 1942 ) is an investment banker and managing director at Barclays Capital Corporation .
Antony Valentini is a theoretical physicist and a professor at Clemson University .
Rudolf Eitelberger , full name Rudolf Eitelberger von Edelberg ( 17 April 1817 , Olomouc , Moravia -- 18 April 1885 , Vienna ) was an art historian and the first Ordinarius ( full professor ) for art history at the University of Vienna .
Elaine Pagels , née Hiesey ( born Palo Alto , California , February 13 , 1943 ) , is the Harrington Spear Paine Professor of Religion at Princeton University .
Andrew Rossos is Canadian Macedonian historian , Professor at the University of Toronto .
Hermann Hunger ( born 1942 ) , an Austrian Assyriologist , Professor of Assyriology at the University of Vienna , until his retirement ( 2007 ) .
Bernhard Walke ( born 28 July 1940 ) is a pioneer of mobile Internet access and professor emeritus at RWTH Aachen University in Germany .
Allan M. Collins is an American cognitive scientist , Professor Emeritus of Learning Sciences at Northwestern University 's School of Education and Social Policy .
Bob van Asperen has taught at the Royal Conservatory of The Hague and the Sweelinck Conservatory in Amsterdam , while for the past thirty years he has been giving master - classes in Europe , USA and elsewhere .
Annette Kuhn FBA is Emeritus Professor of Film Studies at Queen Mary University of London .
Joel Moses ( born 1941 ) is an Israeli - American computer scientist and professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Bruno Zumino ( April 28 , 1923 − June 21 , 2014 ) was an Italian theoretical physicist and emeritus faculty at the University of California , Berkeley .
Dong - Pyou Han , born in Seoul , South Korea , is a former assistant professor of biomedical sciences at Iowa State University who resigned his post there in October 2013 .
Ed Guerrero is an African - American film historian and professor of film and African - American studies at New York University .
Jane Millar OBE FAcSS is Professor of Social Policy and was previously the Pro - Vice Chancellor Research , University of Bath .
Larry Cochran is a Canadian psychologist and Professor of Counseling Psychology at the University of British Columbia .
Manolis Andronikos ( Greek : Μανόλης Ανδρόνικος ) ( October 23 , 1919 -- March 30 , 1992 ) was a Greek archaeologist and a professor at the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki .
Manju Jaidka is a Professor of English at the Panjab University , Chandigarh , in India .
Phil Maymin is an Assistant Professor of Finance and Risk Engineering at the New York University Polytechnic School of Engineering .
Marc Chase ( born April 7 , 1960 ) ( aka Mark Thompson ) is an award - winning American radio executive currently working for Tribune Company as the President of Tribune Interactive .
Joseph Morton Ransdell ( 1931 - -2010 ) was an associate professor of philosophy from 1974 to 2000 at Texas Tech University in Lubbock , Texas .
Dionisio Loya Plancarte ( born 21 October 1955 ) is a Mexican drug lord and high - ranking leader of the Knights Templar Cartel , a quasi - religious criminal organization based in the state of Michoacán .
Sheana Keane ( born 27 May 1975 ) is an Irish presenter on Raidió Teilifís Éireann ( RTÉ ) .
Hugues Sweeney is head of French - language interactive media production at the National Film Board of Canada , based in Montreal .
F. Warren Hellman ( July 25 , 1934 -- December 18 , 2011 ) was an American private equity investor and co - founder of Hellman & Friedman , a multi - billion dollar private equity firm .
Dieter Zetsche ( born on May 5 , 1953 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a German businessman and the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Daimler AG and Head of Mercedes - Benz Cars since 2006 as well as member of the company 's Board since 1998 .
Lakhdar Brahimi ( Algerian pronunciation : ( læxdˤɑr bræhiːmi ) ; Arabic : الأخضر الإبراهيمى‎ ; al - Akhḍar al - Ibrāhīmi ; born 1 January 1934 ) is an Algerian United Nations diplomat who served as the United Nations and Arab League Special Envoy to Syria until 14 May 2014 .
Ronald Daus ( 12 May 1943 , Hannover ) is a German university Professor of Romance philology and cultural studies at the Free University of Berlin involved in multi - disciplinary studies .
Rudolph Snel van Royen ( 5 October 1546 -- 2 March 1613 ) , Latinized as Rudolph Snellius , was a Dutch linguist and mathematician who held appointments at the University of Marburg and the University of Leiden .
Ansegisel ( also Ansgise , Ansegus , or Anchises ) ( c. 602 or 610 -- murdered before 679 or 662 ) was the son of Saint Arnulf , bishop of Metz , and his wife Doda .
John de Mowbray , 4th Duke of Norfolk , KG ( 18 October 1444 -- 14 January 1476 ) , known as 1st Earl of Surrey between 1451 and 1461 , was the only son of John de Mowbray , 3rd Duke of Norfolk and Eleanor Bourchier .
Born in Tijara , Hakim Syed Fazlur Rahman started family profession ( Unani way of treatment ) from the very early life with his father Hakim Syed Karam Husain ( 1870 - -1953 ) and elder brother Hafiz Hakim Syed Atiqul Qadir ( 1900 - -2000 ) at Dawakhana Shifaul Amraz .
William Howard , 1st Baron Howard of Effingham ( c. 1510 -- 12 January 1573 ) , was the eldest son of Thomas Howard , 2nd Duke of Norfolk by his second wife , Agnes Tilney .
A son of Member of Parliament and cabinet minister Jacob Aall Bonnevie , Thomas Bonnevie earned the cand.jur .
Ladkin ( foaled 1921 in Kentucky ) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse bred and raced by August Belmont , Jr. Out of the dam , Lading , he was sired by Fair Play who also sired Man o ' War .
Born in Copenhagen , Rued Langgaard was the only son of composer and Royal Chamber musician Siegfried Langgaard ( 1852 - -1914 ) and Emma Langgaard ( née Foss , 1861 - -1926 ) , both of whom were pianists .
Busanda was sired by 1937 U.S. Triple Crown champion War Admiral , a son of Man o ' War who was ranked No . 1 in the Blood - Horse magazine list of the top 100 U.S. Thoroughbred champions of the 20th Century .
Lev Lvovich Tolstoy ( Russian : Лев Львович Толстой ; 1869 -- October 18 , 1945 ) was a Russian writer , and the son of Leo Tolstoy .
Lucas Cranach the Younger ( Lucas Cranach der Jüngere ; 4 October 1515 -- 25 January 1586 ) was a German Renaissance painter and portraitist , also known as the son of Lucas Cranach the Elder .
Maud of Gloucester , Countess of Chester ( died 29 July 1189 ) , also known as Matilda , was an Anglo - Norman noblewoman and the daughter of Robert , 1st Earl of Gloucester , an illegitimate son of King Henry I of England and Mabel , daughter of Robert fitz Hamon .
Francis Folger Franklin ( October 20 , 1732 -- November 21 , 1736 ) was the eldest son of Founding Father of the United States Benjamin Franklin by Deborah Read .
Sylvain Tesson is the son of Marie - Claude Tesson and the journalist Philippe Tesson who founded the French newspaper Le Quotidien de Paris .
Regal Embrace was sired by Vice Regent , a Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame inductee and a son of Northern Dancer who is regarded as the 20th century 's best sire of sires .
In Greek mythology , Democoon is a son of king Priam mentioned in Homer 's Iliad , Hyginus 's Fabulae and the Bibliotheca .
Frozen Fire ( born 2005 ) is a thoroughbred horse sired by Montjeu from the dam Flamingo Sea , who won the 2008 Irish Derby .
Gustav of Saxe - Lauenburg ( 31 August 1570 ( ? ) -- 11 November 1597 ) was the eldest son of Magnus II , Duke of Saxe - Lauenburg and Sophia of Sweden , the daughter of King Gustav I of Sweden .
Wang Yacheng ( 王亞澄 ) ( d. 944 ) , formally the Prince of Min ( 閩王 ) , was an imperial prince of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Min . He was the only historically - known son of its fifth ruler Wang Yanxi ( also known as Wang Xi , Emperor Jingzong ) .
Edward Stafford , 4th Baron Stafford ( 1572 -- 16 September 1625 ) was the son of Edward Stafford , 3rd Baron Stafford and Maria Stanley , daughter of Edward Stanley , 3rd Earl of Derby and Dorothy Howard .
Lembu Amiluhur Priyawardhana Priyono ( 23 October 1939 -- 6 June 2001 ) , generally referred to as Ami Prijono ( Perfected Spelling : Ami Priyono ) was an Indonesian film director and actor .
Eve Blantyre Simpson ( 1855 - -1920 ) was the daughter of Professor James Young Simpson , who popularised the use of chloroform as an anaesthetic .
According to the Torah , Kehath ( Hebrew : קְהָת , K'hath ) was one of the sons of Levi and the patriarchal founder of the Kehathites , one of the four main divisions of the Levites in biblical times .
Childebert II ( 570 - -595 ) was the Merovingian king of Austrasia , which included Provence at the time , from 575 until his death in 595 , the eldest and succeeding son of Sigebert I , and the king of Burgundy from 592 to his death , as the adopted and succeeding son of his uncle Guntram .
The son of Emperor Thiệu Trị , Prince Nguyễn Phúc Hồng Nhậm was born on 22 September 1829 , and succeeded his father on the throne , with the reigning title of Tự Đức , but family troubles caused his era to have a violent start .
Tamara Gustavson is the daughter of B. Wayne Hughes , the founder and chairman of Public Storage , a self - storage company .
Fusu ( died 210 BCE ) was the eldest son and heir apparent of Qin Shi Huang , the first emperor of the Qin dynasty .
Shin Sawbu was the only daughter of the Mon King Razadarit who had two sons as well .
Eleanor of Normandy ( 1011/1013 -- after 1071 ) was a Norman noblewoman and the daughter of Richard II , Duke of Normandy .
Yang Meng was the third son of Yang Xingmi , a major warlord at the end of Tang Dynasty as the military governor ( Jiedushi ) of Huainan Circuit ( 淮南 , headquartered in modern Yangzhou , Jiangsu ) .
Muhammad bin Abdul - Rahman ( 1882 - 25 July 1943 ) was a son of Abdul - Rahman bin Faisal , Imam of the Second Saudi State based in Riyadh .
In 1 Chronicles 12:5 , Jerimoth is a Benjamite and one of King David 's mighty men .
Saucy Sue 's sire , Swynford , was a successful racehorse and stallion , winning the St Leger Stakes in 1910 and becoming British Champion sire in 1923 .
Lucius Aebutius Elva ( died 463 BC ) , son of Titus Aebutius Elva , was consul in 463 BC with Publius Servilius Priscus .
Louise Meijerfeldt was the daughter of Governor general major Count Axel Wrede - Sparre and Augusta Törnflycht .
Kaja Kallas is the daughter of Siim Kallas , the former Chairman of the Estonian Reform Party and the former Vice - President of the European Commission .
Carl Wilhelm Jessen was a Danish naval officer and the son of Councillor of State Nicolai Jacob Jessen and Marie Christine Jacobi .
Stephen Devereux was born about 1191 , the eldest of three sons of Walter Devereux and Cecilia de Longchamp .
Murong Jun was born in 319 , while his father Murong Huang was still the heir apparent to his grandfather Murong Hui , the Jin - created Duke of Liaodong .
David Lauren ( born October 11 , 1971 ) is the middle child and youngest son of clothing designer Ralph Lauren .
Nubkheperre Intef and , by implication , his brother Sekhemre Wepmaat Intef , were probably the sons of Sekhemre Shedtawy Sobekemsaf ( Sobekemsaf II today ) on the basis of inscriptions found on a doorjamb discovered in the remains of a 17th Dynasty temple at Gebel - Antef on the Luxor - Farshut road .
Sun Pharmaceuticals was established by Mr. Dilip Shanghvi in 1983 in Vapi with five products to treat psychiatry ailments .
The Republic of Morac - Songhrati - Meads was originally a micronation in the Spratly Islands established by British naval captain James George Meads in the 1870s .
Young Chamber of Commerce was founded by Ansif Ashraf on 25 August 2014 in Kochi to have a platform for young entrepreneurs and professionals where opportunity providers and opportunity seekers come together under a single umbrella for mutual benefit .
Blackwell UK , also known as Blackwell 's and Blackwell Group , is a British academic book retailer and library supply service originally founded in 1879 by Benjamin Henry Blackwell , after whom the chain is named .
The Abode of the Message is a Universal Sufi community founded in 1975 by Vilayat Inayat Khan .
Public Allies was founded in 1992 by Vanessa Kirsch and Katrina Browne , recent college graduates who wanted to challenge the notion that their generation was apathetic and uncaring .
Biocon India is incorporated as a joint venture between Biocon Biochemicals Ltd. of Ireland and Kiran Mazumdar - Shaw .
New Hormones was a Manchester independent record label founded by Buzzcocks and manager Richard Boon .
Samuda Brothers was an engineering and ship building firm at Cubitt Town on the Isle of Dogs in London , founded by Jacob and Joseph d'Aguilar Samuda .
Founded in 1979 by Bob and Harvey Weinstein , Miramax was a leading independent film motion picture distribution and production company before it was acquired by The Walt Disney Company on June 30 , 1993 .
Gertrude Hawk Chocolates is a chocolate company based in Dunmore , Pennsylvania .
Finning International Inc. , headquartered in Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada , is one of the world 's largest distributors of Caterpillar products and support services .
Southend Interactive was a game development studio based in Malmö , Sweden .
The Kansal Group is a company based out of Chandigarh with industrial bases in Mohali , Punjab and Gurgaon , Haryana .
Sportingbet is a British e - gaming operator , owned by GVC Holdings plc . The company was listed on the London Stock Exchange and was a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index prior to its acquisition by GVC .
Washington Stamp Collectors Club is an organization of stamp collectors in the Washington , D.C. area , serving collectors in the district , northern Virginia , and Maryland .
CMS Cameron McKenna LLP , trading as CMS , is a multinational law firm headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
Cloud Nine Movies is a Tamil film production and distribution company , based in Chennai .
De Havilland Aviation was a licensed aircraft company based in Bournemouth , United Kingdom .
VolkerRail is a specialist railway infrastructure services company based in Doncaster , England , providing services across the United Kingdom and Ireland .
The Hungarian University of Fine Arts ( Hungarian : Magyar Képzőművészeti Egyetem , MKE ) is the central Hungarian art school in Budapest , Andrássy Avenue .
Kalbe Farma is a pharmaceutical company in North Jakarta , established in 1966 .
Tradus got born as an emerger of QXL , founded in London in 1997 by Financial Times journalist Tim Jackson , and ricardo , founded in Baar , Switzerland in 1999 .
McLaren Racing Limited , competing as McLaren Honda , is a British Formula One team based at the McLaren Technology Centre , Woking , Surrey , England .
Adobe vacated the former Omniture offices in Orem , Utah in November 2012 , moving a large portion of its Digital Marketing Business Unit to a new facility in Lehi , Utah .
Hall , Russell & Company , Limited was a shipbuilder based in Aberdeen , Scotland .
Prometheus Global Media is a New York City - based B2B media company .
SF Express ( Group ) Co. , Ltd. ( Chinese : 顺丰速运(集团)有限公司 ; pinyin : Shùnfēng Sùyùn ( Jítuán ) Yǒuxiàn Gōngsī ) is a Chinese delivery services company based in Shenzhen , Guangdong , China .
Gebrüder Stitch is an Austrian manufacturer of organic jeans made to measure , founded in 2010 and based in Vienna .
Cervecería Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma ( Cerveceria Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma / Heineken Mexico ) ( English : Cuauhtémoc Moctezuma Brewery ) is a major brewery based in Monterrey , Nuevo León , Mexico , founded in 1890 .
Foster Wheeler AG ( formerly Foster Wheeler Inc. ) was a Swiss global engineering conglomerate with its principal executive offices in Reading , UK and its registered office in Baar , Canton of Zug , Switzerland .
Full House Resorts , Inc. is a casino developer and operator based in Spring Valley , Nevada , in the Las Vegas Valley .
On 28 September 2012 , at YMCA Hall , Kolkata , Kobita Club officially launched its website .
Symbolics , Inc. was a computer manufacturer headquartered in Cambridge , Massachusetts , and later in Concord , Massachusetts , with manufacturing facilities in Chatsworth , California ( a suburban section of Los Angeles ) .
Unipar Carbocloro is a publicly traded Brazilian chemical company based in São Paulo and chaired by Frank Geyer Abubakir .
The Blues Foundation is an American nonprofit corporation , headquartered in Memphis , Tennessee , that is affiliated with more than 175 Blues organizations from various parts of the world .
Canongate Books ( often simply Canongate ) is a Scottish independent publishing firm based in Edinburgh ; it is named for The Canongate , an area of the city .
Companies Committed to Kids ( formerly known as Concerned Children 's Advertisers ) is a Canadian non - profit organization based in Toronto , founded in 1989 .
The National Alliance for Youth Sports ( NAYS ) is a non - profit 501(c)(3 ) organization based in West Palm Beach , Florida , U.S.A. NAYS provides a variety of programs and services for everyone involved in youth sports , including professional and volunteer administrators , volunteer coaches , officials , parents and young athletes .
Allen Family Foods is a large U.S. producer and exporter of chicken , headquartered in Seaford , Delaware .
Hyundai IHL Co. , Ltd. is an automotive components manufacturing company headquartered in Gyeongju , South Korea .
Café Rouge Express at London Euston railway station and Southampton 's WestQuay shopping centre , aims to reduce customer waiting time and the reduced menu range is available to eat in or take away .
Dubberman Denmark is a Danish dubbing company based in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Permacharts Inc. is a Canadian company based in Concord , Ontario , which specializes in the manufacture of laminated quick reference Study guides .
Öhlins , with a total of 280 employees , is headquartered in Upplands Väsby , Sweden , where the main R&D departments and production site are located .
McIntosh Laboratory is an American manufacturer of handcrafted high - end audio equipment based in Binghamton , New York .
The Beguiling is a comic shop in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
LHV Pank ( originally Lõhmus , Haavel & Viisemann ) is an Estonian banking and financial services company headquartered in Tallinn .
Alferon Management Limited of London is a management company responsible for running the International Mineral Resources ( IMR ) in Kazakhstan .
The Home Defence Pyrotechnician and Warship Battalion of the Hungarian Defence Forces based in Újpest Port , on the River Danube , Budapest .
Due to the popularity of its signed acts , Wati B established its own `` Wati B '' line of fashion apparel with the first `` Wati Boutique '' opened on 1 February 2011 in Paris .
Immersion Corporation of San Jose , California , a developer and licensor of touch feedback technology , also known as haptic technology .
LPK ( formerly known as Libby , Perszyk , Kathman Inc. ) is a global brand design agency headquartered in Cincinnati , Ohio , with offices in Cincinnati , Geneva , Guangzhou , London and Singapore .
Evergreen Marine Corporation ( Chinese : 長榮海運 ) ( LSE : EGMD TWSE : 2603 ) , headquartered in Luzhu District , Taoyuan City , Taiwan , is a global containerized - freight shipping company .
In 1952 , Omar A. Balubaid ( founder ) established his first spare parts store in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia .
Field Communications was a division of Field Enterprises , which owned the Chicago Sun - Times and the Chicago Daily News .
After the discontinuation of the Renault Avantime ( co - designed and built by Matra ) , on February 27 , 2003 Matra announced its intention to close its automobile factory in Romorantin - Lanthenay , with the factory closing a month later .
COVRA ( Centrale Organisatie Voor Radioactief Afval ) is the Dutch nuclear waste processing and storage company in Vlissingen , which stores the waste produced in the Borssele nuclear power plant after it is reprocessed by Areva NC in La Hague , Manche , Basse - Normandie , France .
Introduction of Thule sport and travel bags In June 2011 Thule Group launched its first concept store near the Mobilia shopping center in Malmö , on the premises that previously housed Malmö Strumpfabrik .
Timas Publishing Group ( Turkish : Timaş Yayınları ) is a publishing group based in Istanbul , Turkey .
Coast Capital Savings Credit Union is a member - owned financial co - operative headquartered in Surrey , British Columbia .
The Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation was formed in Savannah , Georgia , during World War II to build Liberty ships .
With headquarters in Venlo , the Netherlands , Océ is active in over 100 countries and employs more than 20,000 people worldwide .
Founded in 1988 in Wayne , Pennsylvania , Medecision has additional offices in Dallas and Philadelphia .
Cathay Bank ( traditional Chinese : 國泰銀行 ; simplified Chinese : 国泰银行 ; pinyin : Guótài Yínháng ) is a Chinese American bank based in Los Angeles , California .
Coastal Corporation was a diversified energy and petroleum products company headquartered at 9 Greenway Plaza ( Coastal Tower ) in Greenway Plaza , Houston , Texas .
The Alaska Packers ' Association ( APA ) was a San Francisco based manufacturer of Alaska canned salmon founded in 1891 and sold in 1982 .
Half of MarkMonitor 's employees are based at its San Francisco facility where its `` brand protection solutions '' division is located .
Lauren Engineers & Constructors is a North American Engineering , Procurement , and Construction ( EPC ) contractor based in Abilene , Texas .
The Duncan Toys Company is an American toy manufacturer based in Middlefield , Ohio , best known for its yo - yo line .
Girl Management is a London , UK based glamour modeling agency founded by former models Nikkala Stott and Zoe McConnell in 2005 .
Green Integer is an American publishing house of pocket - sized belles - lettres books , based in Los Angeles , California .
Vidéotron was established in 1964 , under the name `` Télécâble Vidéotron Ltée '' as northern Montreal 's first cable television network .
Telephone and Data Systems , Inc. is a Chicago - based telecommunications service company providing wireless , local- and long - distance telephone , broadband and video services to approximately 7 million customers in 36 states through its business units TDS Telecom and U.S. Cellular ( NYSE : USM ) .
Benetti is an Italian shipbuilding and Boat building company based in Viareggio , Livorno , and Fano , owned by Azimut .
Hot Toys Limited is a Hong Kong - based production house for designing , developing , and manufacturing highly detailed collectible merchandise to worldwide markets .
Warner Chilcott ( formerly Galen ) is a pharmaceutical company based in Rockaway , New Jersey , USA .
National Stores Inc. , is a family - owned company headquartered in the Harbor Gateway area of Los Angeles , California with more than 350 locations in twenty - two states and Puerto Rico .
Velocity Micro is a privately held computer manufacturer located in Richmond , VA ( USA ) , specializing in custom high performance gaming computers , pro workstations , and high performance compute solutions .
Fisher 's Big Wheel was a discount department store chain based in the Pittsburgh suburb of New Castle , Pennsylvania , United States .
Providence Health & Services is a not - for - profit Catholic health care system operating multiple hospitals across 5 states , with headquarters in Renton , Washington .
Hugo 's is headquartered in the city of Grand Forks , North Dakota .
In 2007 , the Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops moved to Toronto , where it is now hosted by the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research .
Mater Health Services North Queensland operates two private hospitals , one established by the Sisters of Mercy in 1945 named Mater Hospital Pimlico ( Formally the Mater Misericordiae Hospital Townsville ) and the second purchased in 2007 named the Mater Women 's and Children 's Hospital Hyde Park ( formerly the Wesley / Park Haven Hospital Hyde Park ) .
Léon & Lévy was a French printer and a photograph editing company located in Paris .
The company was established by Albert Francois , a Belgian who had been striving to improve grouting associated with shaft sinking for coal mining , as the Francois Cementation Company based at Doncaster in 1910 .
Universidad Pedagógica Experimental Libertador is a university in Caracas .
NewTek , Inc. is a San Antonio , Texas -- based hardware and software company that produces live and post - production video tools and visual imaging software for personal computers .
Printed Circuit Corporation ( PCC ) , was founded in 1961 , and was a contract printed circuit board manufacturer located in Woburn , Massachusetts .
OpSource , Inc. is a cloud and managed services hosting company headquartered in Santa Clara , California .
The Biologics Business Unit ( BU ) of Intas Pharmaceuticals Limited was formerly an independent biotechnology company and was known as Intas Biopharmaceuticals Ltd. Intas Pharmaceuticals limited is an Indian company headquartered in Ahmedabad , India .
MasterMover is a British limited manufacturing company headquartered in Ashbourne , Derbyshire , a few miles from Derby .
Dagens Industri ( often referred to as DI ) is a financial newspaper in tabloid format published in Stockholm , Sweden .
SmartUse is a software and hardware company founded in 2012 and headquartered in Montreal , Quebec , Canada with additional offices in New York , New York , U.S. and Atlanta , Georgia , U.S. The company specializes in designing touch solutions for the AEC industry .
Quidgest is a software engineering company headquartered in Lisbon , Macau , München , Maputo and Dili .
IsaDora cosmetics is a Swedish cosmetics brand established in 1983 by the company Swedish INVIMA AB , located in Malmö .
Baptist Health System is a hospital and medical facility system located in San Antonio in the U.S. state of Texas .
Stork B.V. is a Dutch manufacturing and service providing company with its headquarters in Naarden .
The Colorado Mountain Club ( CMC ) , formed in 1912 , is a nonprofit , 501 ( c)(3 ) outdoor education organization based in Golden , Colorado that gathers and disseminates information regarding Colorado 's mountains in the areas of art , science , literature and recreation .
Apogee Software , LLC is an American video game publisher based in Garland , Texas .
Dragon Lady Comics was a comic book shop in Toronto , Ontario , owned by John Biernat .
Anglo Swiss Capital Ltd is a principal investment and advisory company , privately owned and managed with offices in London and Geneva .
Welspun Retail Ltd is an Indian household goods retailer based in Mumbai , Maharashtra .
Travel Insured International is headquartered out of Glastonbury , Connecticut within the historical insurance hub of greater Hartford , Connecticut .
The 48th Highlanders of Canada is a Canadian Forces Primary Reserve ( i.e. , part - time militia ) infantry regiment based in Toronto , parading out of Moss Park Armoury .
Boğaziçi University ( also known as Bosphorus University , Turkish : Boğaziçi Üniversitesi , `` Boğaziçi '' literally meaning Bosphorus in Turkish ) is a major research university located on the European side of the Bosphorus strait in Istanbul , Turkey .
Initially Freemans operations remained in London , but was quickly integrated with the Bradford based Grattan , utilising not only its head office at Anchor House , Ingleby Road , Bradford , but warehousing in Peterborough and Bradford and a call centre in Sheffield .
The Carrozzeria Francis Lombardi was founded in 1947 in Vercelli , Italy , by noted pilot Carlo `` Francis '' Lombardi .
Pennon Group plc is a British water utility and waste management company based in Exeter , Devon in the United Kingdom .
Incapital has multiple offices throughout the U.S. , with corporate headquarters in Chicago and a major sales , trading and capital markets office in Boca Raton , Florida .
Espace Group is a French media company established in 1987 , based at Lyon and which engages in mainly radio publishing .
Clapper Post ( German : Klapperpost ) was an urban postal service , which existed in Vienna ( since 1772 ) , the capital of Austria , and in other cities in that country .
AmerisourceBergen Corporation is a Chesterbrook , Pennsylvania based drug wholesale company that was formed by the merger of Bergen Brunswig and AmeriSource in 2001 .
Heritage Internet Technologies was a web design and web hosting company located in Provo , Utah and founded in 2001 which specialized in creating custom websites for small and medium - sized businesses .
Henkel AG & Company , KGaA , headquartered in Düsseldorf , Germany , is a multinational company active both in the consumer and industrial sector .
Andersen Tax LLC is a tax firm headquartered in San Francisco , California , United States .
Alexander & Baldwin has its headquarters in downtown Honolulu at the Alexander & Baldwin Building , which was built in 1929 .
Toronto Transit Commission - H series subway cars GO Transit - bi - level coaches Soo Line Railroad Canadian Wheat Board - cylindrical grain hoppers Saskatchewan Grain Car Corporation - grain hoppers Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority - Orange and Blue line transit cars National Railways of Mexico - passenger coaches Hawker Siddeley Canada headquarters was in Mississauga , Ontario .
Ansariyan Publications is a private publisher located at Qom , Islamic Republic of Iran .
Campmor 's warehousing and order processing facilities are located in Mahwah , New Jersey .
Westdeutscher Rundfunk Köln ( WDR , West German Broadcasting Cologne ) is a German public - broadcasting institution based in the Federal State of North Rhine - Westphalia with its main office in Cologne .
Raven Rotorcraft ( also called Raven Redrives and Raven Rotorcraft & Redrives , Inc. ) is an American aircraft manufacturer based in El Prado , New Mexico and formerly of Boulder Colorado .
NNB Generation Company ( NNB GenCo ) is a subsidiary created by EDF Energy to build and then operate two new nuclear power stations in the United Kingdom .
The Grilled Cheese Grill restaurants are a combination of reclaimed vehicle and food cart restaurants that focus on gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches in Portland , Oregon .
Godfrey - Proctor , ( Godfrey and Proctor ) , was a British car manufacturer ( circa late 1920s-1928 ) founded by Henry Ronald Godfrey ( H.R. Godfrey ) and Stuart Proctor at Richmond , Surrey in England .
Shree Venkatesh Films ( SVF ) is an Indian media and entertainment company headquartered in Kolkata , West Bengal .
U - Haul is an American moving equipment and storage rental company , based in Phoenix , Arizona , that has been in operation since 1945 .
Zuyd University of Applied Sciences ( Dutch : Zuyd Hogeschool ) is a University of Applied Sciences with campuses in Heerlen , Sittard and Maastricht in the southeastern Netherlands .
The TestDaF - Institut is an institute for language testing in Bochum , Germany .
Village Inn 's parent company , American Blue Ribbon Holdings , is based in Nashville , Tennessee .
The CIGI Campus , located in Waterloo , Ontario , is a hub of academic study and policy - based research in global governance and international affairs .
The Mustache Gallery is an underground art gallery on the West Side district of Chicago in the Pilsen/ South Loop area .
Princess Productions is a London - based television production company started in September 1996 by Henrietta Conrad and Sebastian Scott which has produced broadcast shows and pilots for all the major British broadcasters across a variety of genres , mainly specialising in entertainment and factual entertainment programmes .
A 501(c)(3 ) nonprofit based in Silver Spring , Maryland , Trees for the Future also offers individuals and businesses a form of carbon offset through planting trees .
Castle Harlan 's team of 18 investment professionals , based in New York City , has completed over 50 acquisitions since its inception with a total value of approximately $ 10 billion .
At Bay Press is a Canadian book publishing company , based in Winnipeg , Manitoba , established in 2008 in Toronto , Ontario .
RTV Studio B , more often called Studio B ( Serbian Cyrillic : Студио Б ) , is a radio and television broadcaster in Belgrade , Serbia , which was the first broadcast station outside the national electronic media system .
Jama Software is a computer software company headquartered in Portland , Oregon .
The American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering ( AIMBE ) is a non - profit organization headquartered in Washington , D.C. , representing 50,000 individuals and the top 2 % of medical and biomedical engineers .
Zensar Technologies is an information technology services and infrastructure services provider with headquarters in Pune , India .
Island Savings has 16 branches 13 insurance offices throughout B.C. in the communities of Duncan , Chemainus , Brentwood , Ladysmith , Lake Cowichan , Mill Bay , Nanaimo , Pender Island , Saltspring Island , and Victoria .
Warner Bros. downsized the studio further in June , shut down the Sherman Oaks studio , and had Warner Bros. Animation moved to the Warner Bros. Ranch in Burbank , California .
Wortmann AG is a German computer manufacturer , based in Hüllhorst , North Rhine - Westphalia .
Giusto Manetti Battiloro is one of Florence 's 25 oldest companies .
Bigfoot International , Inc. was a New York City based holding company , which developed email communications , marketing automation and customer interaction software products during the dot - com era .
Biohit is headquartered in Helsinki and has subsidiaries in Italy and the UK .
Signature BioScience Inc. was the first biotechnology company based in San Francisco .
Mikro - Gen was a UK software company based in Bracknell , Berkshire that produced games for home computers in the early to mid-1980s .
The Gillig Corporation , formerly Gillig Bros. , is an American manufacturer of heavy - duty low - floor transit buses based in Hayward , California .
Beasley Broadcast Group , Inc. , based in Naples , Florida , is an owner / operator of radio stations in the United States .
British Hunter is a manufacturer of sailing boats based in the Lauren Marines boat yard Southampton , England .
The Thomanerchor ( English : St. Thomas Choir of Leipzig ) is a boys ' choir in Leipzig , Germany .
North Country Cinema is a Canadian media arts collective based in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
The Bank of Latvia administration is located in Riga .
CriticalBlue is a Scottish software company based in Edinburgh that provides software optimization tools and services for Android and Linux platforms .
The V H Group has its headquarters in Pune , and has offices in London , Morocco , Switzerland , Syria , South Africa , Brazil , Moscow , UAE , Singapore , Bangladesh , Vietnam , Indonesia and The Philippines .
Mariage Frères ( French , Mariage Brothers ) is a French gourmet tea company , based in Paris .
Qcue is an Austin - based company that offers dynamic and time - based pricing solutions to live entertainment organizations .
Marmol Radziner is a design - build practice based in Los Angeles that was founded in 1989 by American architects Leo Marmol , FAIA , and Ron Radziner , FAIA .
Based in Seoul , South Korea , the Hankook Tire group is the 7th largest tire company in the world .
United Services of America Federal Credit Union ( often referred to as USA Federal Credit Union or USA Fed ) was a credit union headquartered in San Diego , California , chartered and regulated under the authority of the National Credit Union Administration ( NCUA ) of the U.S. federal government .
Hoopla Software , Inc. is a privately held SaaS company founded in 2010 , headquartered in Silicon Valley , San Jose , California .
Sungale Group Inc is a manufacturer of consumer electronics headquartered in Chino , CA with its production facilities in Shenzhen , China .
BMO Harris Bank , N.A. is a United States bank based in Chicago , Illinois .
Immerse Learning was founded in 2005 as Languagelab.com in London by David Kaskel and Shiv Rajendran .
Barrandov Studios is a famous set of film studios in Prague , Czech Republic .
ISM Information Systems Management Canada Corporation ( ISM ) is an Information Technology service company based in Regina , Saskatchewan .
Plaid Pantry is a chain of privately owned convenience stores based in Beaverton , Oregon , USA .
InkStop , Inc. was an office supply retailer founded in 2005 and most recently headquartered in Warrensville Heights , Ohio .
With its headquarters in Logan , Utah , Reminderband also has a logistics and development center in Hong Kong .
Equens SE is a European full service card and payment processor headquartered in Utrecht , Netherlands , and with offices in Frankfurt , Stuttgart , Milan , Rome , Helsinki , and London .
Anesrif is headquartered in Algiers , and it is structured as an Établissement Public à caractère Industriel et Commercial , or `` EPIC '' ;
Park West Gallery is a commercial art gallery founded in 1969 by Albert Scaglione and based in Southfield , Michigan , USA , where it occupies 63,000-square - foot ( 5,900 m2 ) premises , which is open for public and educational visits .
Shropshire Youth Theatre Ltd ( Shrewsbury Youth Theatre Inc ) is a non - profit organisation which is run by committee members who are voted in annually by the senior members .
Heyco was founded in 1937 by Max and Ernst Heynen and started off manufacturing hand tools for the early automotive industry in Remscheid , Germany .
SARIA Bio - Industries AG & Co. KG is a company group based in Selm ( Westphalia / Germany ) and active throughout Europe .
Metropolitan Educational Enterprises , Inc. is a company , founded in 1968 and based in Chicago , Illinois , that reportedly sells educational materials through independent contractors .
Sodern is a French company based in Limeil - Brévannes , near Paris in Ile - de - France , specialized in space instrumentation , optics and neutron analyzers .
Lowepro is a brand of carrying bags for cameras , laptops , imaging accessories and portable consumer electronics with corporate headquarters in Petaluma , California .
Voyager Capital is a information technology venture capital firm that is headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
Forsythe Technology , Inc. is a IT infrastructure , professional services and financial services company located in Skokie , Illinois .
Celkon is a mobile phone manufacturing company in India based in Hyderabad .
Brown Bag Films , or Brown Bag , is an Irish computer animation studio , based in Dublin , Ireland with a 2D facility based in Manchester , UK .
Each year the OFW offers around 40 students the opportunity to add practical experience to their theoretical knowledge by organising the annual World Business Dialogue which took place the first time at the ( University of Cologne ) in 1987 .
Discovery Communications , Inc. is an American global mass media and entertainment company based in Silver Spring , Maryland .
Prologis '' corporate headquarters is located in San Francisco , California .
Beijing Polybona Film Distribution Co. Ltd. ( simplified Chinese : 保利博纳电影发行有限公司 ; traditional Chinese : 保利博納電影發行公司 ) , known simply as , Polybona Films and Bona Film Group , is a Chinese production company , involved in the production , co - production and distribution of films from China and Hong Kong .
Daptone Records is a funk and soul independent record label formed by Gabriel Roth and Neal Sugarman and based in Brooklyn , New York .
Created in 2007 , Lingueo is a French enterprise situated in Paris and founded by Guillaume le Dieu de Ville , Arnaud Portanelli and Johann Querne .
Viewzi was a search engine company based in Dallas , Texas that developed a highly visual experience that tailored the way users look at information based on what they are looking for .
Constantin Medien AG ( formerly EM.Entertainment and EM.TV & Merchandising AG , then EM.TV AG , and finally em.sport media ag ) is a German media group , based in Ismaning near Munich , active in the area of sports , film and event marketing to medium - sized media companies .
Founded in USA in 1996 , by naval architect & marine engineer Horacio Bozzo , Axis Group Yacht Design has moved to Viareggio , Italy in 2001 .
New Relic is an American software analytics company based in San Francisco , California .
Sunac China Holdings Limited ( SEHK : 1918 ) , headquartered in Tianjin , People 's Republic of China , is one of the leading residential property developers in China . The company focuses on large - scale , medium to high - end property developments .
Bukowskis is a Scandinavian fine art and antique auction house established in 1870 by the Polish nobleman Henryk Bukowski in Stockholm , Sweden .
Headquartered in Boulogne - Billancourt , the Renault group is made up of the namesake Renault marque and subsidiaries , Automobile Dacia from Romania , and Renault Samsung Motors from South Korea .
Paraná Banco is a small bank founded in 1979 by Grupo JMalucelli , a Brazilian conglomerate based in Curitiba .
OpenCube Technologies is a French company headquartered in Toulouse , member of the Belgian group EVS Broadcast Equipment .
World Council of Credit Unions and its subsidiaries are headquartered in Madison , Wisconsin .
Jakab Industries was an Australian bodybuilder in Tamworth , New South Wales .
In the same year , Stockland 's activities became more diversified , moving into commercial development , initially with retail projects in suburbs of Sydney .
Tarmac Building Products is a British producer of building products , based in Wolverhampton .
Sporveien Trikken AS , formerly Oslo Sporvognsdrift AS and Oslotrikken AS , is the company that operates the Oslo Tramway in Oslo , Norway .
Cortera , headquartered in Boca Raton , Florida , USA , is a provider of credit information on businesses and corporations .
Beyond Retro is a vintage clothing retailer with shops in London , Brighton and Sweden .
Mubadala Development Company PJSC ( Mubadala ) was established in October 2002 as a Public Joint Stock Company and is a wholly owned investment vehicle of the Government of Abu Dhabi , in the United Arab Emirates .
The Teldec ( Telefunken - Decca Schallplatten GmbH ) is a German record label in Hamburg , Germany .
China Great Wall Wine Co. , Ltd. is a Chinese producer of wine based in Shacheng town , Huailai County , Zhangjiakou , Hebei province , China .
The Union for Homeland ( Arabic : الإتحاد من أجل الوطن‎ , Al - Ittihad min Ajl Al - Watan ) is a political party in Libya , founded in 2012 .
It was named Victoria in 1844 , after Queen Victoria , though amended to Victoria West in 1855 to distinguish it from an Eastern Cape district .
ETAS GmbH , founded in 1994 , is a 100-percent subsidiary of Robert Bosch GmbH with international subsidiaries and sales offices in France , the United States , China , Japan , the United Kingdom , India , Korea , Thailand , Vietnam , Brazil , Sweden , Italy , and the Russian Federation .
The award was originally created in 1985 as the VPBL Pitcher of the Year Award , and was renamed Carrao Bracho Trophy since 1995 to honour José Bracho , who spent 26 years in the league .
The Opus sacerdotale Amici Israel was an international Roman Catholic association founded in Rome in February 1926 .
Scotland Loves Animation , is a UK - based film festival , dedicated to animation , which began in 2010 with a primary focus on Japanese animation with an event called `` Scotland Loves Anime '' .
On 1 January 2015 , Vaugneray annexed the neighboring commune of Saint - Laurent - de - Vaux .
Yanbu University College was established in 2005 , in the city of Yanbu Al - Sinaiyah , located on the coast of the Red Sea in Madinah Province , Saudi Arabia .
The group have been together since February 2011 and have released two EPs : ' The Young Peculiar EP ' ( 2012 ) & ' Ordinary ' ( 2013 ) .
Propagandhi is a Canadian punk rock band formed in Portage la Prairie , Manitoba in 1986 by guitarist Chris Hannah and drummer Jord Samolesky .
In 2007 Miss International Australia held for the first time .
After a series of delays , Capital MetroRail was inaugurated in March 2010 .
Bharat Sundari was a national pageant in India that sent its winner to compete in Miss World pageant from 1968 to 1975 .
Gaz de France was created with its sister company Électricité de France ( EDF ) in 1946 by the French Government .
Guangdong Ocean University ( simplified Chinese : 广东海洋大学 ; traditional Chinese : 廣東海洋大學 ; pinyin : Guǎngdōng hǎiyáng dàxué , GDOU ) was established in 1997 to provide courses in oceanography and maritime sciences .
Subsequently , in 2004 Tarak Ben Ammar successfully lobbied the then Italian Communications Minister Maurizio Gasparri for a decree allowing him to convert the concessions from crypted TV to free TV : here , then , Sportitalia .
Following this successful operation , the Edmonton Radial Railway Society was founded in 1980 .
The Electric Revelators are a blues band , formed in Swansea 2004 , Wales , added Jerry Donahue ex - member of Fairport Convention and Chris Rea Band to the line - up in 2011 .
XDC , a member company of EVS , was created in 2004 by Laurent Minguet but changed its name to dcinex in 2012 .
The Deutsche Stiftung Denkmalschutz ( `` German Foundation for Monument Protection '' ) is a German private initiative founded in 1985 that works for the preservation of cultural heritage in Germany and to promote the idea of cultural heritage management .
Established in the year 2001 , Ahlcon International School- was inaugurated by Smt .
It was established in 1993 ( as RTV Cazin ) and the program is mainly produced in Bosnian language .
The Düsseldorf - Elberfeld Railway Company ( German : Düsseldorf - Elberfelder Eisenbahn - Gesellschaft , DEE ) was founded in October 1835 and officially recognised by a Prussian government statute on 23 September 1837 .
Less Than Jake is an American ska punk band from Gainesville , Florida , formed in 1992 .
The Echo Foundation is a non - profit education foundation , co - founded in 1997 by Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel and Stephanie G. Ansaldo .
Founded in 2001 by fourteen undergraduate men and women at the University at Buffalo ( SUNY ) , Theta Delta Sigma has been a partner in the values - based fraternal movement .
Hissanol were a two - piece experimental indie rock band based in both Amsterdam , the Netherlands and Victoria , British Columbia , Canada active between 1994 and 1998 .
The Free - minded Union or Radical Union ( German : Freisinnige Vereinigung ) was a liberal party in the German Empire that existed from 1893 to 1910 .
Newmans Airways Limited , trading as Newmans Air , was a wholly owned airline subsidiary of Newmans Group ( most well known as the owners of Newmans Coach Lines ) and served the New Zealand domestic market between 1985 and 1987 .
The Central University of Kerala ( CUK ) is one of the 15 Central universities established under The Central Universities Act , 2009 ( Act No.25 of 2009 ) .
Natteravnene ( English : the Night Ravens ) , established in 1990 , is a Norwegian based franchise organisation of volunteers that encourages adult , sober citizens to walk around in the city in groups at night during the weekends .
Castle Gallery was first established in 2002 by Andrew Lyttle at the age of 23 .
MegaDriver is a Brazilian heavy metal and video game music cover band formed in 2003 by Antonio `` Nino '' Francisco Tornisiello , who uses the stage name `` Nino Megadriver '' .
The X - Stream Network was the first free ISP based in Britain launched in 1998 and founded by Canadian businessmen Christopher Sukornyk and Gregory Sukornyk , founder of Project Breakout and Wippit founder Paul Myers .
The Nikon F-401 ( N4004 in North America ) was a beginner 's level , autofocus , 35 mm , single - lens reflex ( SLR ) film camera built by Nikon and introduced in 1987 .
The Dresden English Football Club was a football club founded in 1874 in Dresden , the first in Germany and likely the first outside Great Britain .
The office existed since the foundation of the see from part of the Diocese of Ripon in 1920 under George V. The last diocesan Bishop of Bradford was Nick Baines , from 21 May 2011 until 20 April 2014 .
2007 - Rosslyn Analytics was founded by Charles Clark and Hugh Cox .
Willow Creek Academy ( WCA ) received its charter in 2001 and opened its doors in September 2001 as a K-4 school with 37 students .
South Elgin High School ( SEHS ) , opened 2005 , is a four - year high school located in South Elgin , Illinois , a north - west suburb of Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
Earle Wines is a long - standing British wine and spirit merchant , which began trading in 1992 .
The International Biological Program ( IBP ) was an effort between 1964 and 1974 to coordinate large - scale ecological and environmental studies .
The Reality Party is a political party in the United Kingdom that was founded in 2014 , by Mark `` Bez '' Berry .
Originally called the Canadian Business Forum ( CBF ) , the Canadian Chamber of Commerce in Shanghai was formed in 1996 by a group of locally based Canadian companies and entrepreneurs .
TERI University was established on 19 August 1998 and recognized by the University Grants Commission ( UGC ) as a deemed to be university in 1999 .
St James Capua Hospital , or Saint James Hospital Sliema , started out in 1996 as the Capua Palace Hospital .
Groupe BPCE is France 's second largest bank , formed by the 2009 merger of CNCE ( Caisse nationale des caisses d'épargne ) and BFBP ( Banque fédérale des banques populaires ) , has more than 8,200 branches nationwide under their respective brand names serving nearly 40 million customers .
WRPW made its debut in 1996 as WAPU .
But in 1987 - -89 things changed with KAGU when Station Manager John Hipp developed radio shows that were cutting edge college radio .
PVRIS formed in Lowell , Massachusetts in 2012 under the name Operation Guillotine .
Scottish Dance Theatre was founded by Royston Maldoom in 1986 as the Dundee Rep Dance Company .
Tampa Bay Elite was an American women 's soccer team , founded in 2005 .
The following musicians were , at some point between 1999 and 2002 , members of Mujeres Encinta :
Joliot - Curie Metro Station ( Bulgarian : Метростанция `` Жолио Кюри `` ) is a station on the Sofia Metro in Bulgaria . It was put into operation on May 8 , 2009 .
Blackjack Pizza is a Colorado - based pizza delivery chain founded in 1983 by a former Domino 's Pizza employee , Vince Schmuhl , because Domino 's Pizza was the only major pizza delivery company in the Rocky Mountain region and he thought customers would appreciate an alternative .
The Central Policy Unit ( 中央政策組 ) , established in 1989 , is responsible for advising the Chief Executive ( previously the Governor ) of Hong Kong .
Saltsjöbanan was inaugurated on 1 July 1893 and was operated with steam locomotives until 1910 after which the lines were gradually electrified ( circa 1 kV DC ) .
Hublot ( French pronunciation : ​(yblo ) ) is a Swiss luxury watchmaker founded in 1980 by Italian Carlo Crocco .
Wüsthof knives have been made in Solingen by the family - owned operation since 1814 , currently headed by Harald Wüsthof and Viola Wüsthof .
June Jordan School for Equity was founded in 2003 by Small Schools for Equity ( SSE ) , a non - profit organization formed by a group of teachers , parents , and students who believed that San Francisco needed a new and innovative model of schooling .
Research Association of Laozi Taoist Culture or Chinese Research Association of Laozi Taoist Culture ( RALTC or CRALTC ) is a religious and academic organisation founded in March 2008 in China .
Schwegman , Lundberg & Woessner , P.A. ( Formerly Schwegman , Lundberg , Woessner & Kluth , P.A. ) is an intellectual property law firm founded in December 1993 by six attorneys and associated staff .
The Mego Corporation was a toy company founded in 1954 .
The Reuben Foundation was formed in 2002 and is a registered charity under English law .
Okanagan Dirt Riders ( ODR Racing ) is a Canadian off - road racing series started by George Madarasz in 2002 .
Morning Has Occurred ( initiated 2010 in Bergen , Norway ) is a Norwegian Jazz ensemble .
The National Agricultural Cooperative Federation ( NACF ) was established in 1961 to enhance the social and economic status of its membership and to promote a balanced development of the national economy .
Archipelago Sea Naval Command was formed in 1998 by combining the Archipelago Sea Fleet and Turku Coastal Regiment .
The Lahore Museum ( Punjabi : لاہور میوزیم , Urdu : لاہور عجائب گھر‎ ) , was originally established in 1865 - 66 on the site of the hall or building of the 1864 Punjab Exhibition and later shifted to its present site located on The Mall , Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan in 1894 .
In September 2005 , Stratford , Ontario hosted the Ovation Music Festival , organized by local resident Chris Parson .
Khalaf Ahmad Al Habtoor Foundation ( Arabic : مؤسسة خلف أحمد الحبتور للأعمال الخيرية‎ ) was launched in January 2013 by Khalaf Al Habtoor , Chairman of the Al Habtoor Group with the mission to improve the lives of people in need within the UAE , in addition to providing aid abroad .
Steynsrus is s a small farming town in the Free State province of South Africa that was founded in 1910 and named after the last president of the Orange Free State , Martinus Theunis Steyn .
Mansford was formed in 1995 and has invested directly in income producing properties , real estate development projects , indirect investments and managed structured transactions totaling circa £ 2.1 billion since inception .
The Max Myanmar Group of Companies was originally established as Max Myanmar Co. , Ltd. in 1993 .
Stemming from the hacking , biohacking , and DIYbio movements , Genspace has focused ( since 2009 ) on supporting citizen science and public access to biotechnology .
The Desert Rose Band is a US country rock band from California founded by Chris Hillman ( formerly of the Byrds and the Flying Burrito Brothers ) along with Herb Pedersen and John Jorgenson in 1985 .
The Council of Europe Development Bank ( French : CEB , Banque de Développement du Conseil de l'Europe ) dates from 1956 , when the Council of Europe established the Resettlement Fund for National Refugees and Over - Population in Europe as a Partial Agreement .
Chris Eichenseer founded Someoddpilot in 1999 , three years after graduating from the University of Illinois Urbana - Champaign with a BFA in photography .
Talen Energy is an independent power producer founded in 2015 .
Michigan Cyber Range was established by Merit Network in the summer of 2012 to teach cybersecurity certification courses and to provide cybersecurity - related services .
Arizona International College ( AIC ) was an American liberal arts college in Tucson , Arizona , that existed from 1996 - -2005 .
The Huabiao Award for Outstanding Writer was first awarded in 1995 .
Part of the funding for Canal180 came from the Creative Industries National Award , an award appointed by Unicer and Serralves Foundation , in 2010 .
The Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) , or Ginnie Mae , was established in the United States in 1968 to promote home ownership .
Adventures by Disney 's first operating season was in summer of 2005 and featured just two destinations ( Wyoming and Hawaii -- both in the USA ) .
Verein für Bewegungsspiele Stuttgart 1893 E. V. , commonly known as VfB Stuttgart ( German pronunciation : ( faʊ̯ ʔɛf beː ˈʃtʊtɡaʁt ) ) , is a German sports club based in Stuttgart , Baden - Württemberg .
Señorita México was the name of a national beauty pageant in Mexico , celebrated since 1952 .
Rexel is a French group founded in 1967 , which specializes in the distribution of electrical supplies to professional users .
The Narrative is an American independent indie rock band from Long Island , New York , formed in 2007 .
Foxboro Hot Tubs is a garage rock side project of Green Day , formed in 2007 .
IAR Systems was founded in 1983 , and is listed on NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm .
Scatterheart is a Vancouver , B. C. ( Canada ) band formed in 2007 .
TSV Hartberg is an Austrian association football club based in Hartberg , founded in 1946 , which is currently playing in the Austrian Regional League Central .
Strahovlje was part of Šemnik until 2008 , when it was separated from it and made a separate village .
Founded in 1997 , the Marijuana Reform Party ran a candidate for Governor of New York and other statewide offices in 1998 and 2002 .
The American Dental Society of Anesthesiology ( ADSA ) is an American professional association established in 1953 and based in Chicago .
Slick Airways was a cargo airline from the United States , that operated scheduled and chartered flights between 1946 and 1966 .
Arena Flowers '' first website was launched in 2006 .
Dr. Phillips High School opened in fall of 1987 and was built for approximately 2,500 students in the Dr. Phillips area of southwest Orange County , Florida .
The Isogaisa Festival started in 2009 and is an annual festival and in 2014 is celebrating its 5th anniversary .
The Consortium for Elections and Political Process Strengthening ( CEPPS ) is a cooperative agreement supervised by the United States Agency for International Development ( USAID ) Office of Democracy and Governance made in 1995 .
Iceburn , known later as the Iceburn Collective , was a musical group formed in 1991 in Salt Lake City , Utah , US , by guitarist / vocalist / composer Gentry Densley , the sole constant member through multiple personnel changes .
Saladworks was founded in 1986 by John Scardapane , who served as the company 's CEO until 2015 .
Vyshny Volochyok as a settlement was mentioned in chronicles in 1471 .
CompuBank was founded in 1998 by banking veteran Frank Goldberg and launched on the internet in early October the same year .
DiggyPOD , Inc. was started in 1988 by Laura Alexander and three partners , and was called Quickprint , Inc. In 2001 Tim Simpson bought the business from Laura Alexander and changed the name to DiggyPOD .
The Colombo Plan Secretariat , headed by a Secretary - General is located in Colombo , Sri Lanka , since 1951 and functions as the secretariat for the Consultative Committee and the Council .
The Union of Democrats and Independents ( French : Union des démocrates et indépendants , UDI ) is a centrist political party in France founded on 18 September 2012 on the basis of the parliamentary group of the same name .
The Affiliated New Thought Network , or ANTN , based in Pacific Grove , California , is an organization of New Thought centers across the United States that was founded in 1992 .
FC Rubin-2 Kazan ( Russian : ФК `` Рубин-2 '' Казань ) was a Russian association football club from Kazan , founded in 1997 .
Breaking Benjamin is an American rock band from Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania , founded in 1999 by lead singer and guitarist Benjamin Burnley and drummer Jeremy Hummel .
In 1439 , Makaryevo - Unzhensky monastery was founded on the territory of the modern town .
Red Feather Development Group was founded in 1994 in Bellevue , Washington , by Robert and Anita Young .
The Table Tennis World Cup has been held annually since 1980 .
Scarfo were a British rock band , formed in Andover , England in 1994 , by former art college students Jamie Hince ( vocals , guitar ) , Nick Prior ( bass ) , and Al Saunders ( drums ) .
AAON , Inc. , an Oklahoma corporation ( `` AAON - Oklahoma '' ) , was incorporated on August 15 , 1988 , for the purpose of acquiring the assets , subject to certain liabilities , of the HVAC Division of John Zink Company in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
The South Asian Regional Trade Union Council was formed in January 1988 by some of the affiliates of the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions ( now the ITUC ) in countries belonging to the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation ( SAARC)--
George Piper Dances was founded in 2001 by Michael Nunn and William Trevitt , both dancers with The Royal Ballet .
Yeti mountain bikes have been around since 1985 when Yeti Cycles was founded by John Parker .
Charlecote Park was built in 1558 by Sir Thomas Lucy , and Queen Elizabeth I stayed in the room that is now the drawing room .
Enerplus Corporation was established in 1986 and is one of Canada 's largest independent oil and gas producers offering investors a high yield combined with moderate , profitable growth potential from resource plays across Western Canada and the United States .
The Annapolis Group was first organized in early 1993 in Annapolis , Maryland .
FolkEast Festival started in 2012 at Somerleyton Hall , Suffolk .
FEU Institute of Technology formerly known as FEU - East Asia College ( FEU - EAC ) , East Asia College of Information Technology ( EACIT ) and East Asia Institute of Computer Technology ( EAICT ) , was established in 1992 .
Founded in 1998 by Martín Perna as `` Conjunto Antibalas '' , the group first performed on May 26 , 1998 , at St. Nicks Pub in Harlem at a poetry night organized by renowned visual artist Xaviera Simmons .
Lydenburg was founded in 1849 by a group of Voortrekkers under the leadership of Andries Potgieter when they abandoned their previous settlement Ohrigstad ( to the north ) due to a malaria epidemic .
Founded in 1859 , the Missouri Botanical Garden is one of the oldest botanical institutions in the United States and a National Historic Landmark . , as well as the National Register of Historic Places .
Miami Fashion Week was started in 1998 and is the world 's largest fashion week for Latin American and the Caribbean fashion designers .
The Kansas City Blades were a professional ice hockey team in the International Hockey League ( IHL ) from 1990 - -2001 until the demise of the league after the 2000 - -01 season .
Cellius ( 株式会社セリウス Kabushiki - Gaisha Seriusu ) , located in Shibuya , Tokyo , is a computer game developer founded in 2007 as a venture between Sony and Bandai Namco Holdings .
Bury Tomorrow are a five piece British melodic metalcore band formed in 2006 in Southampton , Hampshire , England .
The Formula Renault 2.0 West European Cup ( WEC ) was a Formula Renault 2.0 championship that replaced the Championnat de France Formula Renault 2.0 as of 2008 , though the series was folded in 2010 .
The Blue Shadows were a Juno Award - nominated Canadian alt - country band that existed between 1993 and 1996 , releasing two albums in Canada on Sony Music .
MCV Bus and Coach is a British manufacturer of bus bodies founded in late 2002 after buying the assets of defunct bus builder Marshall Bus who closed down in the summer of that year .
The Iranian Orchestra for New Music was founded by maestro Alireza Mashayekhi in 1995 .
Beginning on January 2013 , the channel was renamed 7'eren , rebranding itself as a channel for youth programming .
Bayburt University was founded under the city name as a new university in Bayburt , 2008 .
National Theatre Wales is the English language national theatre company of Wales , founded by a community of theatre makers and practitioners in May 2009 , with the launch of an online community social network web site .
The band was renamed to Hyubris , in 2001 , when Filipa Mota joined in for the vocals , and where they started to play continuously , without any hiatus .
In 1990 , they issued their first single , `` Deputy of Love '' , as a 12 `` three - track under the name , Ground Level featuring D J Walker , on an independent label .
The Pepsi Music Festival is a major Argentine music festival , held annually since 2003 .
Banca Commerciale Italiana ( COMIT ) , founded in 1894 , was once one of the largest banks in Italy .
The RSS Advisory Board is a group founded in July 2003 that publishes the RSS 0.9 , RSS 0.91 and RSS 2.0 specifications and helps developers create RSS applications .
In May 2014 , KOP Limited was listed on the Singapore Exchange Catalist board listing following a reverse takeover of Scorpio East by KOP Properties .
Dreadzone was formed in London , England in 1993 when ex - Big Audio Dynamite drummer Greg Roberts , teamed up with Tim Bran , who had previously worked as a musician and sound engineer for Julian Cope .
The first Waffle House opened on Labor Day weekend in 1955 at 2719 East College Avenue in Avondale Estates , Georgia .
FEMNET , also called the African Women 's Development and Communication Network , is an organization established in 1988 to promote women 's development in Africa .
The Olympus E-330 is a DSLR launched on 30 January 2006 , using the Four Thirds System lens mount standard .
Meow Mix was introduced in 1974 and sells many flavors too .
25 January 2002 Board of Directors of RAO UES of Russia `` decided on the establishment of OAO '' Federal Grid Company of Unified Energy System `` ( OAO '' FGC UES `` ) .
Rodeo FX was founded in 2006 in Montreal , Canada by Sébastien Moreau and started producing visual effects for feature films in 2007 .
Humansdorp was founded in 1849 , and was named after Johannes Jurie Human and Matthys Gerhardus Human , who were joint founders of the Dutch Reformed Church congregation there .
St. Timothy 's Co - op was founded on September 1 , 2006 with full support of the Diocese of Pittsburgh including Bishops Robert Duncan and Henry Scriven .
The station is owned by J. & J. Fritz Media , Ltd. The station was assigned the call letters KNAF - FM on August 26 , 1996 .
In late 2007 Jani Stefanovic formed Solution .45 , with Christian Älvestam ( who had left Scar Symmetry in 2008 ) joining as one of its last members .
Youves are a dance - punk quintet from Nuneaton , England , formed in 2003 .
Textron Aviation is the general aviation business unit of the American Textron group formed in March 2014 following the acquisition of Beech Holdings which included the Beechcraft and Hawker aircraft businesses .
Willamette Week ( WW ) is an alternative weekly newspaper and a website published in Portland , Oregon , United States , since 1974 .
FC Vityaz Krymsk ( Russian : ФК `` Витязь '' Крымск ) was a Russian football club from Krymsk , Krasnodar Krai , founded in 1994 .
Melior Discovery was co - founded in 2005 by Dr. Andrew Reaume ( President and CEO ) and Dr. Michael Saporito ( Vice President of Research ) .
The Saola Working Group SWG is a working group of the IUCN Species Survival Commission 's Asian Wild Cattle Specialist Group , created in 2006 to protect the saolas ( Pseudoryx nghetinhensis ) and their habitat .
26th U - boat Flotilla ( `` 26 . Unterseebootsflottille '' ) was a training flotilla ( `` Ausbildungsflottille '' ) of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . The flotilla was formed at Pillau in April 1941 under the command of Korvettenkapitän Hans - Gerrit von Stockhausen .
Established in Ogden , Utah , United States on May 6 , 1993 International Armoring Corporation uses light weight synthetic armor laminates called Armormax ( a material designed and developed by IAC ) .
By the time FIDS was renamed British Antarctic Survey in 1962 , 19 stations and three refuges had been established .
The pre-2001 GeoTrust was focused on the B to B exchange market which never materialized .
The Terra Ronca State Park was created by decree nr . 10,879 of 7 July 1989 and had its area and boundaries established by decree nr . 4,700 of 21 August 1996 , covering the municipality of São Domingos .
Danger Danger is an American hard rock band , formed in 1987 in Queens , New York .
In 2002 , Cdigix launched the music subscription service Ctrax as a response to the widespread illicit file sharing on college campuses .
Ivy Queen Musa Sound Corporation ( formerly known as Filtro Musik and later Drama Records ) is an multi - genre record label founded by Ivy Queen and José Guadalupe in San Juan , Puerto Rico in 2005 with the release of Ivy Queen 's fifth studio album Flashback .
The Donut King chain was founded in 1981 in Sydney , and is currently managed , under license , by the Gold Coast - based Retail Food Group Limited .
Gyeonggi Snack Company is a Korean food company established in 2004 and headquartered in Paju Gyeonggi - do , Korea .
More Protein is a record label started by Boy George and Jeremy Healy in 1989 .
InterConsult Bulgaria ( ICB ) is a Bulgarian software and consulting company established in 1996 .
Ashley - Famous was a talent agency started in 1951 by talent agent Ted Ashley .
The Charity Foundation for Special Diseases , as a public and NGO entity , started its activities on May 1995 with the support of H.E. Hashemi Rafsanjani and Dr. Fatemeh Rafsanjani as well as other men of righteous .
Sewer Trout was an American punk rock band , formed in Sacramento , California in 1985 .
Gardenian is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Gothenburg that formed in 1996 and disbanded in 2004 but reunited in 2012 .
The Narcotics Control Bureau was created on 17 March 1986 to enable the full implementation of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act , 1985 and fight its violation through the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act , 1988 .
Desert Hot Springs High School opened on September 7 , 1999 , with an initial enrollment of 642 .
Sohag University became an independent university in 2006 .
The Fatima Family Apostolate ( FFA ) is a U.S .- based Roman Catholic Apostolate with headquarters in Hanceville , Alabama , founded in 1986 by Fr . Robert J. Fox and named after Our Lady of Fátima .
Dubai Press Club ( Arabic : نادي دبي للصحافة ) is an association for journalists and media professionals founded in November 1999 by Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum and is based in Dubai Media City in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Polish Humanitarian Action was established on 12 December 1992 , initially as the EquiLibre Foundation , and from December 1994 under its present name .
Kent Fine Art is an art gallery in New York City founded in 1985 by Douglas Walla .
Launched in 2003 , NauticExpo is the Virtual Boat and Marine Show .
Datadog was founded in 2010 by Olivier Pomel , former VP of technology at Wireless Generation , and Alexis Lê - Quôc , former director of operations at Wireless Generation .
Glen Garioch distillery ( pronounced `` Geery '' in the Doric dialect of Aberdeen ) , is one of the oldest whisky distilleries in Scotland , dating back to 1797 .
Pacific Lutheran High School was known as South Bay Lutheran High School from 1997 until 2003 , when it separated from its sister campus and gained its own standing as an individual school .
The Goodwood Saints Football Club was established in 1985 with the amalgamation of Goodwood Football Club and St. Raphaels Football Club .
The Calgary Inferno ( formerly known as Team Alberta , nickname `` Honeybadgers '' , during the 2011 - 12 season ) is a women 's ice hockey team that joined the Canadian Women 's Hockey League for the 2011 - 12 season .
Alien Ant Farm is an American rock band that formed in Riverside , California , United States , in 1996 .
The American Bible Society ( ABS ) is an interconfessional , non - denominational , nonprofit organization , founded on May 11 , 1816 in New York City , which publishes , distributes and translates the Bible and provides study aids and other tools to help people engage with the Bible .
The Causey Way was a punk / new wave group formed in 1997 in which the underlying theme was that of a cult operating as a band ( with T - shirts coyly stating `` The Causey Way Is Not A Cult '' ) .
Since 1951 , Island Savings has served communities on Vancouver Island and Gulf Islands .
Circles End is a Norwegian progressive rock band who started up in 1994 as a cover band named Venture .
As a consequence of this the three municipalities Altenbauna , Altenritte and Kirchbauna fused into Baunatal on 1 January 1964 .
The Scottish Yeomanry ( SCOTS YEO ) was a Yeomanry Regiment of the British Territorial Army formed in 1992 .
Hunnu Air ( Mongolian : Хүннү Эйр ) is a Mongolian domestic airline that began scheduled flights in 2011 .
Wassmer was a French specialized woodworking company formed by Bernard Wassmer in 1905 .
As the population of L'Amoreaux grew and needing a separate high school in that area , Mary Ward Catholic Secondary School was founded January 23 , 1985 , during the 400th anniversary of Mary Ward 's birth as a conventional high school in northeast Toronto under the leadership of the first principal , Mary Anne O'Leary with 200 students .
The Eternal Gandhi Multimedia Museum is a digital multimedia museum established in 2005 .
Although it takes on the abbreviation of Japanese Tetris developer and publisher Bullet - Proof Software , Inc. , Blue Planet Software is a separate company founded by Henk Rogers in Honolulu , Hawaii in 1996 .
The company was created on 25 June 2008 as an extension of the original National Preservation forum , which began on 10 March 2005 , and has since moved to its own server .
The Bolivarian University of Chile ( Spanish : Universidad Bolivariana de Chile ) is a Chilean university established in 1987 .
The Ideas Festival was established in 2001 to present ideas , promote public debate , and to foster and celebrate innovation in Queensland , Australia .
On December 1 , 1994 , Luis Teófilo Núñez Arismendi , Guillermo Zuloaga Núñez , Nelson Mezerhane Gosen , and Alberto Federico Ravell Arreaza , inaugurated Globovisión , channel 33 , the first 24-hour news network in Venezuela to broadcast over - the - air .
Terrible Things is an alternative rock band initially formed in 2009 by Fred Mascherino , formerly of Taking Back Sunday , Andy Jackson of Hot Rod Circuit , and Josh Eppard , from Coheed and Cambria .
The Blockbuster Entertainment Awards was a film awards ceremony , founded by Blockbuster Inc. , that ran from 1995 until 2001 .
Gambia International Airlines was established on 23 January 1996 and started operations ( originally only ground handling ) on 1 March of the same year .
Yottaa was founded in 2009 in Boston by Coach Wei , a Tsinghua University , and MIT alumnus , and Robert Buffone who studied applied mathematics at SUNY Brockport .
International Society of Skin Pharmacology and Physiology(ISP ) is an international organization founded in Basel in 2003 to provide an interdisciplinary forum for discussion and presentation of advances in skin - related topics .
Starship Children 's Health , opened in 1991 , is one of the first purpose - built children 's hospitals in New Zealand , and the largest such facility in the country .
In November 2004 NHS Employers was formed , and became the body that negotiates healthcare staff contracts on behalf of the government .
South Louisiana Community College ( SLCC ) was established in 1997 to provide academic and vocational training to the people of the Lafayette , Acadia , Evangeline , St. Landry , St. Martin , Vermilion , and St. Mary parishes .
When India became a republic on 26 January 1950 , the Royal prefix was dropped and the name Indian Navy was officially adopted .
Traidcraft is a UK - based Fairtrade organisation , established in 1979 .
The International Endowment for Democracy , or IED , is a U.S. non - profit organization founded in 2006 to help people bring back democracy in the USA .
Einherjer is a Viking metal band from Haugesund , Norway , founded in 1993 .
The Nazarbayev Center was established by a Decree of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan on January 23 , 2012 as a multifunctional research and educational public institution The Nazarbayev Center is dedicated to advancing research and broadening the information available on the history of statehood of Kazakhstan .
The second Sherbrooke Castors team ( 1998 - 2003 ) , originally the Trois - Rivières Draveurs , franchise moved to Sherbrooke in 1992 as the Sherbrooke Faucons ( `` Falcons '' ) .
Founded in 2009 , Green Charge Networks ( GCN ) focuses on helping businesses and institutions reduce peak demand charges through a combination of predictive software and battery hardware the company calls `` power efficiency . ''
Somontano is a Spanish Denominación de Origen ( DO ) for wines , created in 1984 , and located in the county of the same name , in the province of Huesca , ( Aragon ) .
TV Barrandov is a Czech television channel , launched in 2009 .
The EriAm Sisters became known after their appearance on America 's Got Talent 2009 .
Guiyang Symphony Orchestra ( Chinese : 贵阳交响乐团 ; pinyin : Guìyáng jiāoxiǎng yuètuán , abbreviated GYSO ) is an orchestra founded in Guiyang , Guizhou province , China on February 19 , 2009 , Its inaugural concert was held on September 19 , 2009 conducted by artistic directors Chen Zuohuang and Li Xincao .
Founded in 1984 , Bio - Synthesis , Inc. was known as OCS Laboratories and was one of the first companies providing commercially available synthetic oligonucleotides to the biomedical research community worldwide .
Since the establishment and successful launch of Chilsung Cider , a lemon - lime soft drink , in 1950 , Lotte Chilsung Beverage has been continuously developing and launching the highest quality products in carbonated drinks , juices , coffee , tea , and water .
Cnova N.V. is an e - commerce company , founded in June 2014 .
Household Records ( initiated 2002 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian record label started by Petter Wettre to release his music .
KTAO 's transmitter was in the town of Taos prior to 1991 .
AutoNavi Software Co. , Ltd. ( 高德软件有限公司 ) is a corporation of web mapping content and navigation , and location - based solutions ( LBS ) in China , which was founded in 2001 .
The Almonte Thunder were granted expansion into the Eastern Ontario Junior Hockey League in 2009 .
In 1981 , Norma Editorial absorbed magazines from Riego Ediciones ;
Dazzle Dreams is a Ukrainian electronic band formed in 2006 in Kyiv .
The first How Do You Roll ? location opened its doors in October , 2008 and the company began franchising in early 2010 .
It was established in 1972 as the ' European regional group of the IMC ' and was renamed the European Music Council in 1992 .
Clare Hall Boat Club is the youngest ( founded 1995 ) and one of the smallest boat clubs at Cambridge .
Phantagram was founded 1994 by a group of teenagers .
Operation Sangaris is a military intervention of the French military in the Central African Republic , ongoing since the 5th of December 2013 .
The party was relaunched as the `` English Democrats '' in September 2002 , after merging with several other smaller political parties .
The Reich Party of the German Middle Class ( German : Reichspartei des deutschen Mittelstandes ) , known from 1920 - 25 as the Economic Party of the German Middle Classes ( German : Wirtschaftspartei des deutschen Mittelstandes ) , was a conservative German political party during the Weimar Republic .
Motherhead Bug was a rock music group founded in 1989 in New York City by singer and trombone player David Ouimet and bass guitarist Tony Lee .
Krones ' corporate evolution is closely connected to the socioeconomic conditions prevalent in Germany following World War II . Hermann Kronseder , the father of the present - day executive board chairman , used his own designs to manufacture semi - automatic labellers starting with 1951 .
V&S Group ( V&S Vin & Sprit AB ) , founded in 1917 , is an international producer and distributor of alcoholic beverages .
Icarus Publishing is an American comic book publisher established in 2002 .
The American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology ( ABPN ) is a nonprofit corporation that was founded in 1934 following conferences of committees appointed by the American Psychiatric Association , the American Neurological Association , and the then Section on Nervous and Mental Diseases of the American Medical Association .
Kansas City Life Insurance Company is a public insurance company established in 1895 and located in Kansas City , Missouri .
The MTV Russia Movie Awards ( Before 2009 MTV Movie Awards Russia ( Russian : Кинонаграды MTV Россия ) ) made its debut in 2006 and have celebrated local Russian movies as well as International .
It was founded on 1 January 2014 from former municipalities of Massa Fiscaglia , Migliarino and Migliaro .
Jump , Little Children is a band formed in 1991 in the city of Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Chiang Mai University ( CMU ) ( Thai : มหาวิทยาลัยเชียงใหม่ ) is a public research university in northern Thailand founded in 1964 .
In 2003 , the Chicago Park District awarded a 20-year contract to run the Park Grill to a partnership , including several of Mayor Richard M. Daley 's friends and neighbors .
Day26 is an American male R&B music group formed in August 2007 by Sean `` Diddy '' Combs in a handpicked selection at the end of MTV 's Making the Band 4 .
The Chautauqua Prize is an annual American literary award established by the Chautauqua Institution in 2012 .
The Hazards Forum , founded in 1989 , is an independent , non - profit , non - governmental , professional association promoting the study of disasters ( and resulting learning ) , public understanding of risk and of risk reduction strategies .
Oxitec was started in 2002 by Oxford University 's Isis Innovation technology transfer company .
Mozdok was established in 1763 as a Russian fort at the site of a Kabardian village founded four years earlier , settling the families of the Volga Cossacks in stanitsas around it .
Quixey was co - founded in 2009 by CEO Tomer Kagan and CTO Liron Shapira .
Since 2009 the association provides education for all under the shelter of the Autonomous School Zurich .
The Crail Golfing Society is a Scottish golf club established in February 1786 in the Golf Hotel , Crail , Fife .
Toodyay Community Radio was established in 2010 under the name Toodyay Community Radio Inc. Assoc . It is a volunteer run organisation and is listener funded .
Owned by Vamplew Electronics , CHEE - FM received approval by the CRTC on February 17 , 1999 .
The Soviettes are a punk rock band from Minneapolis , Minnesota , founded in 2001 .
Hosfelt Gallery in San Francisco , California was founded in 1996 by Todd Hosfelt to exhibit contemporary international artists working in all media .
Furtherfield was founded in Harringay London in 1996 by artist - theorists Ruth Catlow and Marc Garrett .
Katz Broadcasting , LLC was founded on February 3 , 2014 by Jonathan Katz , who serves as chief operating officer of Bounce TV and formerly served as an executive at the Turner Broadcasting System .
Fjällräven was founded in 1960 by Åke Nordin ( 1936 - -2013 ) .
White , together with Lance Ivy and Marcus Nelson , launched UserVoice in February 2008 .
Founded in 1939 , Citizens Advice Edinburgh is a member of the Scottish Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux ( SACAB ) , and provides free , confidential , independent and impartial advice to Edinburgh residents .
Civil Civic are an instrumental post - punk / electronic rock band consisting of two Australian musicians , Aaron Cupples ( guitar , synth ) and Benjamin Green ( bass , synth ) , formed in 2009 .
Nothing Real L.L.C , a company founded in October 1996 by Allen Edwards and Arnaud Hervas , developed high - end digital effects software for the feature film , broadcast and interactive gaming industries .
Oaklands College is a further education college in Hertfordshire , England in the United Kingdom , established in 1991 .
After the second world war Vestas was founded in 1945 by his son Peder Hansen as `` Vestjysk Stålteknik A / S '' ( West - Jutlandish steel technology ) .
The Federation of Clinical Immunology Societies ( FOCIS ) was initially established as a cross - disciplinary meeting , holding its first Annual Meeting in 2001 .
Revolution Renaissance was a multinational power metal band founded by guitarist Timo Tolkki after he left Stratovarius in 2008 .
In 1987 , the Committee determined that a more comprehensive approach was necessary and created the National Alliance to End Homelessness .
ComicsOne Corp. was an American distributor of Asian Comics ( manga , manhwa , and manhua ) , established in 1999 .
In 1998 , Wellington Partners closed its first fund , Wellington Partners I. Two years later , the firm closed its second fund on € 210 million .
The Multiple Sclerosis Trust ( MS Trust ) is an independent , national UK charity that was established in 1993 .
PTN Publishing itself would be acquired for a reported $ 98 million as the final piece in the creation of Cygnus Business Media in 1997 .
In April 2012 , Curb Records announced the re - launch of Sidewalk Records with country singer Heidi Newfield as the flagship artist .
Ulver ( Norwegian for `` wolves '' ) are a Norwegian experimental musical collective founded in 1993 , by vocalist Kristoffer Rygg .
Civic Exchange is an independent Hong Kong - based public policy think tank that was established in September 2000 .
The new centre began trading in 1994 under the new name Sunshine Plaza .
The Ukrainian Orthodox Greek Catholic Church ( UOGCC ) is an Eastern Christian religious movement established in 2009 and based in Pidhirtsi in Ukraine .
The Navy Fleet Marine Force Ribbon is a decoration of the United States Navy established in 1984 by Secretary of the Navy John F. Lehman , Jr. It was awarded to eligible Navy personnel serving with the Marines between 1984 and 2006 .
VDL Berkhof is a Netherlands - based bus and coach builder , founded in 1970 by Arthur Berkhof and his son Henk .
Founded by Caspar Zyli in 1741 , the company was renamed Wegelin & Co. in 1893 .
Artaria & Co. was founded as a publishing house for art and maps by Carlo Artaria ( 1747 - -1808 ) in 1770 in Vienna , then the capital of the Habsburg Monarchy .
The Facilities Society was founded in the UK on 9 December 2008 as a not - for - profit company limited by guarantee ( registered in England nr . 6769050 ) .
The Open Web Foundation was announced July 24 , 2008 at the O'Reilly Open Source Convention ( OSCON ) .
Sindh Awami Ittehad ( Urdu : سندھ عوامي اتحاد‎ ) , ( Sindhi : سنڌ عوامي اتحاد‎ ) was a political party established in 2012 by Liaquat Ali Jatoi in Sindh , Pakistan .
Jill Milan launched the brand in 2011 with a line of handbags .
Subsea 7 , Inc. was the result of a series of mergers between DSND Offshore AS , Halliburton Subsea , Subsea Offshore and Rockwater over an extended period , with Rockwater and SubSea merging in 1999 to form Halliburton Subsea , and the resulting company merging with DSND in 2002 to form Subsea .
Public Mobile is a self - serve , prepaid Canadian mobile brand launched on March 18 , 2010 and acquired by Telus in October 2013 .
Freeserve was a British Internet Service Provider , founded in 1998 .
Sikkim University ( Nepali : सिक्किम विश्वविद्यालय ) is a central university established under an Act of Parliament of India ( THE SIKKIM UNIVERSITY ACT , 2006 ( No . 10 of 2007 ) ) .
Founded by producers / writers Cheryl Wagner , the creator of The Big Comfy Couch and Harmony Wagner in March 2010 , Periscope Pictures creates screen - based entertainment .
The British School at Rome ( BSR ) was established in 1901 and granted a UK Royal Charter in 1912 .
The Association of the Scientific Medical Societies in Germany ( AWMF ) , established in 1962 and located in Frankfurt am Main ( office at Düsseldorf ) , is the umbrella organisation of the more the 150 German medical societies .
Zamil Industrial was formed in 1998 by merging flagship companies which were previously fully owned by their parent company , Zamil Group Holding Company .
Sonic Vista Music is an independent English record label , founded in Kingston upon Hull in 2005 , notable for having business connections in Japan and Canada .
Sputnik Engineering AG has been working in the field of solar energy since 1991 and is one of the pioneers for the industry that invented , among others , the first transformer - less inverter in 1994 .
My Head was a grunge / alternative rock power trio from Los Angeles , California , United States formed in 1993 by singer - songwriter and guitarist Adam Siegel and drummer Greg Saenz .
A'Salt Creek Roller Girls ( ACRG ) is a player owned and operated flat track roller derby league in Casper , Wyoming , founded in December 2009 .
Jijiga University was established in 2005 with 714 students , expanding to take in c. 1,500 students in 2008 , and c. 2,800 in 2009 .
In January 1995 , the Rail Management and Consulting Corporation acquired the property and transferred it to the new Western Kentucky Railway .
Benton & Bowles ( B&B ) was a New York - based advertising agency founded by William Benton and Chester Bowles in 1929 .
Pariyaram Medical College was established in March 1993 at Pariyaram in Kannur district , Kerala state , South India .
Fang Island began in 2005 as an art project with original members , Philip Curcuru , Chris Georges , and Pete Watts , while attending Rhode Island School of Design .
The Bharatiya Jana Sangh ( abbrv . BJS ) , commonly known as the Jan Sangh , was an Indian nationalist political party that existed from 1951 to 1977 and was the political arm of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) , a Hindu right - wing organisation .
In 2001 Bergen Hull Club and UNITAS merged to create Norwegian Hull Club .
In 1993 , this line was reopened to passenger traffic as part of the new Robin Hood Line , and , on 24 May 1994 , the station reopened under its original name , the other Bulwell stations having closed in the meantime .
China Daily was established in June 1981 and has the widest print circulation of any English - language newspaper in China ( over 200,000 copies per issue , of which a third are abroad ) .
Camp Quest UK was started by Stein and a group of volunteers in 2008 , supported by a grant from the Richard Dawkins Foundation for Reason and Science , and hosted its first camp in 2009 in Somerset for children aged 8 - 17 .
The Phalang Chon Party ( Thai : พรรคพลังชล , Phak Phalang Chon ) is a political party in Thailand founded in 2011 .
Formed in November 2002 , The Favours appeared on the UK music scene in 2003 with a series of gigs , followed up by self - released album Magpies Revenge in the summer of 2004 .
The Busters are a German third wave ska revival band , established as a side project in 1987 .
UUNET , founded in 1987 , was one of the largest Internet service providers and one of the early Tier 1 networks .
Brown Bayley Steels was a steel - making company established in Sheffield , England in 1871 , as Brown , Bayley & Dixon .
The White Dacha was built in 1898 following Chekhov 's success with The Seagull .
GP Basic ( Korean : 지피 베이직 ) was a South Korean girl group who debuted on August 15 , 2010 .
The New Battlefront Foundation was founded in 2010 by Ryan Cleckner , a current law student and former United States Army Ranger , Sniper , and combat veteran dedicated to raising veterans ' issues awareness who was featured as one of the `` Dozen Who Make a Difference '' by the Connecticut Law Tribune .
Wild Choir was an American country music band , originally formed in 1985 and founded by country artist Gail Davies and her guitarist Pete Pendras .
It was established in 2006 by Wojciech Szczurek , mayor of Gdynia `` The idea of Gdynia Literary Prize is to honour unique achievements of contemporary Polish authors which shall determine a strong and also permanent impulse to further intensify activities in literature and art in its broad meaning . ''
Lillix ( /ˈlɪlɪks/ ) is a pop / rock band from Cranbrook , British Columbia , Canada , formed under the name Tigerlily in 1997 when the early members were in high school .
CFL USA all - time records and statistics This list combines the statistics and records of the seven CFL American teams from 1993 to 1995 :
SNR Denton was formed through the merger of the UK - based Denton Wilde Sapte LLP and the US - based Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal LLP in September 2010 .
The Christianaires was an American black gospel music group from Detroit , Michigan , they were active from 1989 until 2004 .
Remington Rand ( 1927 - -1955 ) was an early American business machines manufacturer , best known originally as a typewriter manufacturer and in a later incarnation as the manufacturer of the UNIVAC line of mainframe computer .
Mega Gem - Demo ( 2011 ) - Self released
Pale Saints were a British alternative rock band formed in 1987 by Ian Masters ( bass / vocals ) , Graeme Naysmith ( guitar ) , and Chris Cooper ( drums ) in Leeds , England .
The Colonial Promenade Alabaster is a lifestyle center that opened in 2005 and is located in Alabaster , Alabama , United States .
The channel was launched on January 1 , 1995 as Canal D.
Fox Sports South was originally launched on August 29 , 1990 as SportSouth , under the ownership of the Turner Broadcasting System , in conjunction with business partners Tele - Communications Inc. ( TCI ) and Scripps - Howard Broadcasting .
The Professional Inline Hockey Association Pro Division originated in 2002 with eight American teams , and through a sequence of team expansions , reductions , and relocations , the PIHA currently consists of 15 teams , all of which are based in the United States .
The Milwaukee Blitzdkrieg , founded in 2009 , are the first all - men 's roller derby league established in Wisconsin .
LuxConnect is a private company created under the initiative of the Luxembourg government in 2006 .
The MP3 Party was a British political party founded in 2002 that promised to `` delete one regulation per day , one law per week , one subsidy per month and one tax per year '' .
Established in 1944 , the RMIT University Student Union or RUSU , is the peak representative body for all students enrolled at RMIT University .
The National American Woman Suffrage Association ( NAWSA ) was formed on February 18 , 1890 to work for women 's suffrage in the United States .
The Great North Open was the final name of a European Tour golf tournament which was played at Slaley Hall , a country house golf resort in Northumberland in North East England , six years out of seven between 1996 and 2002 .
As a company , Veidekke was founded 6 February 1936 by Nico S. Beer and Gustav Piene .
In March 1998 , an overall makeover was initiated and completed with the official opening on 31 October 1998 as Beitou Hot Spring Museum .
The Resolution Foundation was founded by entrepreneur Clive Cowdery in 2005 .
The Yilishen Tianxi Group ( Chinese : 蚁力神天玺集团 ; pinyin : Yǐ Lì Shén Tiān Xǐ Jí Tuán ) was a Chinese company established in 1999 which sold traditional Chinese medicine products made from ants .
Democrat Turkey Party ( Turkish : Democrat Türkiye Partisi , DTP ) is a former political party in Turkey , The party was founded by a group of MPs issued from the True Path Party on 7 January 1997 .
In July 2011 , Young Buffalo released the `` Young Von Prettylips EP '' on Cantora Records , an American label noted for signing the then - unknown psychedelic rock band MGMT for their second EP , Time to Pretend EP .
Kalisz Department ( Polish : departament kaliski ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Polish Duchy of Warsaw in years 1807 - -1815 .
The school was renamed to Heywood Community High School 31 August 1990 .
The project 's Scientific Director Michela Magas of Stromatolite launched the first Music Tech Fest event in London 2012 as a way to bring academics and practitioners together .
Mammoth Cave Recording Co. was a Canadian independent record label , active from 2009 to 2015 .
The Northern Indian Medical & Dental Association of Canada , more commonly known as NIMDAC was officially registered in the year 1993 as a non - profit organization in Canada .
Innisfail State College is a combined secondary school and TAFE facility which opened in 2010 , replacing Innisfail State High School and the Innisfail TAFE in Innisfail , Queensland .
Originally named `` Dallasmore '' , the Dallas Dhu distillery was built in 1898 by Alexander Edward of the Sanquhar estate outside Forres .
Madeleine Hutin , taking the name Little Sister Magdeleine of Jesus , founded the Little Sisters of Jesus on 8 September 1939 , in Touggourt , Algeria , following the path marked out by Charles de Foucauld ( also known as Father de Foucauld or Brother Charles of Jesus ) .
A Young Archer is an oil painting , painted about 1640 by the Dutch Golden Age artist Govaert Flinck .
Zaporizhia State Engineering Academy was founded in 1959 by the Ministry of Higher Education of USSR as the evening faculty of Dnepropetrovsk Metallurgical Institute .
In 1294 , the bishop loses most of his previous rights , and from now on Speyer is a Free Imperial Town of the Holy Roman Empire .
Partners in Flight / Compañeros en Vuelo / Partenaires d’Envol is an organization launched in 1990 in response to growing concerns about declines in the populations of many land bird species , and in order to emphasize the conservation of birds not covered by existing conservation initiatives .
In 2013 Transport Heritage NSW was established by the Government of New South Wales to manage rail heritage in NSW following an independent review .
Apikoğlu was founded in Kayseri in 1910 by ethnic Armenian Krikor Apikoğlu ( 1878 - -1945 ) .
Kick Against Indiscipline commonly known as KAI is an environmental law enforcement unit established in November 2003 by the Lagos State government to monitor and enforce environmental law in the state .
Worldweaver Ltd is an independent UK games and middleware developer founded in 1997 by Chris Sterling and Simon Dean .
First Nations University Students ' Association ( FNUnivSA ) was formed in 1994 by students of the First Nations University of Canada ( then , the Saskatchewan Indian Federated College - SIFC ) .
826LA was founded in 2005 and is one of several chapters of 826 National .
The Millennium Gate Museum opened July 4 , 2008 , and cost approximately $ 20 million .
Urwego Opportunity Bank of Rwanda , SA ( Urwego ) , was created in July 2007 , as a result of a merger between Urwego Community Banking SA ( Urwego ) , and Opportunity International Bank of Rwanda SA ( OIBR ) .
Acorn Records was a short - lived American record label , created in 1950 , which issued several singles by notable musical artists .
The Franz Mayer Museum ( Spanish : Museo Franz Mayer ) , in Mexico City opened in 1986 to house , display and maintain Latin America 's largest collection of decorative arts .
Big Fil was a Christian rock band formed by Rob Bell in 1995 in Grand Rapids , Michigan .
Omega Phi Beta ( ΩΦΒ ) is a sorority founded on March 15 , 1989 at the State University of New York in Albany , New York by seventeen women of diverse cultural and ethnic backgrounds .
On April 6 , 1943 , in a meeting among friends at Lino Barsi 's home , Goiás Esporte Clube was founded .
CFAD - FM is a community radio station that began broadcasting on October 11 , 2008 at 92.1 ( later changed to 91.1)FM in Salmo , British Columbia .
The Committee on Socialist Studies was formed in 1967 and renamed The Society for Socialist Studies / Societe D'Études Socialistes ( SSS ) in 1981 .
Maktoob was founded in 1998 by Samih Toukan and Hussam Khoury who were able to introduce a webmail service with Arabic support for emails when no other free email service had such support .
Between May 1993 and October 1994 , the resurrected 35th Operations Group managed a fighter ( F-15C ) and rescue squadron ( HH-60 G ) in Iceland under the 35th Wing .
The Kuomintang Youth League was created in 2006 by former Kuomintang Chairman Ma Ying - jeou during his term as chairman to help promote cultural and political awareness among Chinese youths .
Royal Doulton was an English company producing tableware and collectables , dating from 1815 .
De - illumination is a Symphonic rock / Metal band in Bangladesh formed in October 2006 .
Riding Mountain Biosphere Reserve ( RMBR ) is a UNESCO World Biosphere Reserve designated by the United Nations Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization ( UNESCO ) in 1986 as part of its Man and the Biosphere Programme .
Gamil Design began in 1995 .
Greenway Health was formed in 2013 following Vista Equity Partners ' acquisition and combination of three HIT vendors :
M&C Saatchi ( LSE : SAA ) is an international advertising agency network formed in January 1995 by the brothers Maurice Saatchi and Charles Saatchi after they were ousted from the advertising agency group Saatchi & Saatchi which they had founded in 1970 .
Citrix Systems , Inc. is an American multinational software company founded in 1989 that provides server , application and desktop virtualization , networking , software - as - a - service ( SaaS ) , and cloud computing technologies .
Taw9eel.com went online in 2006 Sheeel.com sold its first deal on January 19 , 2011 .
The Kassel Literary Prize for Grotesque Humor ( Kasseler Literaturpreis für grotesken Humor ) , established 1985 , is an annual prize awarded by the city of Kassel and the Stiftung Brückner - Kühner foundation in recognition of `` grotesque and comic work '' at a high artistic level .
Ellahy Amen Records is an American - French independent avant - garde record label , launched in 2002 by former Pigface member and experimental / avant - garde musician Leila Bela .
Founded by current CEO , Paul Sesay , who is also the founder and CEO of I Spoil U Media , The Diversity Group and The Excellence in Diversity Awards , The National Diversity Awards launched in 2012 .
The Tyne and Wear Development Corporation ( TWDC ) was established in 1987 to develop land on the banks of the River Tyne and the River Wear in England .
AC Entertainment is headed by Ashley Capps , who founded the company in 1991 .
Jet Black Orchid is an American rock band from Louisville , Kentucky , that formed in 2012 .
Abici is an Italian bicycle manufacturer founded by entrepreneurs Giuseppe Marcheselli , Stefano Stelleti and Cristiano Gozzi in 2006 .
Shanto - Mariam University of Creative Technology ( SMUCT ) ( Bengali : শান্ত - মরিয়ম সৃজনশীল প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a private university established in 2003 under the 1992 Private University Act .
The International Music Council ( IMC ) was created in 1949 as UNESCO 's advisory body on matters of music .
Highbury Korfball Club succeeded Arsenal Korfball Club , which was established by Hugh Barker in 1998 .
Remia originated in October 1925 , when Arie de Rooij began to produce margarine and butter in his Amersfoort - based garage and basement .
Disharmonic Orchestra is an Austrian death metal / grindcore band that was formed in Klagenfurt , in 1987 .
Rendezvous Music ( formerly known as Rendezvous Entertainment ) is a record label founded by multiple - Grammy Award nominee and RIAA Certified Gold recording artist Dave Koz , renowned radio entrepreneur Frank Cody and music business veteran Hyman Katz in 2002 .
Americana de Aviación was founded in 1990 and began operations in 1991 using a Boeing 727 - 077 with regional routes within Peru .
When Hitler replaced the Ministry of War with the OKW and made the organization part of the Führer 's personal `` working staff '' in June 1938 , the Abwehr became its intelligence agency and Vice - Admiral Wilhelm Canaris was placed at the head of the organization .
The Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas was instituted in 1928 .
24-year - old Ibrahim Abdel Gawad was crowned Mr Egypt in 2006 .
Sakartvelos Skauturi Modzraobis Organizatsia ( in Georgian : საქართველოს სკაუტური მოძრაობის ორგანიზაცია ; Georgian Organization of the Scout Movement ) , the national Scouting organization of Georgia , was founded in 1994 , and became a member of the World Organization of the Scout Movement in 1997 .
Speak Social was founded in November 2010 when Brad Bogus , now president of Speak Social , partnered with Adam Price , a former SEO expert with HostYouOnline.com , to integrate the concept of video sharing ( and other social media platforms ) with content marketing utilizing SEO practices to form a social media marketing startup company .
Advisory Commission of National and Democratic Parties ( Persian : کمیسیون مشورتی احزاب ملی و دموکراتیک ‎ ) was an alliance of political parties in Afghanistan , founded in October 2004 .
The Yuba Sutter Mall ( formerly called The Mall at Yuba City ) is a shopping mall located in Yuba City , California , opening on March 7 , 1990 .
The Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) is an independent agency of the United States government created by the Help America Vote Act of 2002 ( HAVA ) .
The Workers Revolutionary Party - Revolutionary Left ( Spanish language : Partido Revolucionario de los Trabajadores - Izquierda Revolucionaria . PRT - IR ) was a Spanish Trotskyist political organization , formed in the summer of 2002 as a result of the merger of the Workers Revolutionary Party ( PRT ) and the Revolutionary Left ( IR ) .
Miss Yugoslavia ( named Miss Serbia and Montenegro between 2003 and 2006 ) was the national beauty pageant of Serbia and Montenegro ( FR Yugoslavia ) held from 1991 to 2006 , organized by the company , `` Miss YU '' .
He and a few friends put up $ 2.5 million in capital to open the first Price Club on July 12 , 1976 at 4605 Morena Boulevard , San Diego , the former site of a manufacturing building once owned by Howard Hughes , now Costco warehouse 401 .
From the station 's launch in 2006 until that change , KKJK aired an active rock music format branded as `` Thunder 103.1 '' .
Since its creation in 1988 , EMBnet has evolved from an informal network of individuals in charge of maintaining biological databases into the only worldwide organization bringing bioinformatics professionals to work together to serve the expanding fields of genetics and molecular biology .
The Calgary Cannons were a minor league baseball team located in Calgary , Alberta , Canada for 18 seasons , from 1985 until 2002 .
The new CBS - affiliated sub - channel officially launched as WNKY - DT2 on February 1 , 2007 .
La Navidad was a settlement that Christopher Columbus and his men established in present - day Haiti in 1492 from the remains of the Spanish ship , the Santa María .
23 Parachute Engineer Regiment is a Royal Engineers regiment in the British Army that was formed in 2003 .
Hooj Choons is a house record label formed by Alex Simons and Red Jerry ( real name Jeremy Dickens ) in 1990 .
Ankara Milli Piyango Anadolu Lisesi is an Anatolian High School in Ankara , founded by the Turkish National Lottery Administration ( Millî Piyango İdaresi ) and given to the Turkish Ministry of Education in 1992 .
The group was founded by Hans Westfal - Larsen in 1905 .
Sugar Army , fronted by Patrick McLaughlin and consisting of Todd Honey on lead guitar , Jamie Sher on drums and Ian Berney on bass guitar formed in 2005 .
The St. Petersburg Bowl is an NCAA - sanctioned post - season college football bowl game that has been played annually at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg , Florida , since 2008 .
Birla Tyres , a division of Kesoram Industries Limited , was founded in 1991 .
Sant Muktabai Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana ( SMSSK ) known as Sant Muktabai Cooperative Sugar Factory is a cooperative factory founded in 1988 by Pratibha Patil and others .
Hwaseong IBK Altos ( Korean : 화성 IBK 기업은행 알토스 ) is a South Korean women 's professional volleyball team founded in 2011 .
ESDES School of Business and Management ( École supérieure pour le développement économique et social ) was founded in 1987 as part of the Catholic University of Lyon which has stood for a hundred and thirty years since its foundation in 1875 in Lyon , France .
Gowalla was a location - based social network launched in 2007 and closed in 2012 .
Merv Griffin Enterprises was a television production company founded by Merv Griffin , in business from 1964 to 1994 .
Chaingang formed in 2007 following the dissolution of Hayley Foster and Mike Jeffery 's former band Pinky Tuscadero on New Year 's Eve 2006 .
New Democracy Electoral Union ( Portuguese : Nova Democracia União Eleitoral ) is a political coalition in Angola , founded November 18 , 2006 .
CyberRegs was created in 1997 by Citation Technologies as the first web - based Environment , Health and Safety document portal for regulatory compliance .
Ssangbangwool Raiders Baseball Club ( Hangul : 쌍방울 레이더스 야구단 ) was a Korea Professional Baseball team founded in 1990 .
Ben 's Garden was founded in 1992 by the company 's president and owner , Ben Busko , when he was eight years old .
Founded in 2007 , Rock City Marine develops and manufactures the RockBox A.M.P.D. , Advanced Mobile Performance Device , a GPS based instrument tailored for the racing sailor .
Royal Mail was separated into three divisions in 1986 , and in 1990 Royal Mail Parcels was rebranded as Parcelforce .
Lisgar Middle School was opened on June 1 , 1996 .
Esa Tapani is a Finnish horn player , born in 1968 .
Scott MacIntyre also plays guitar , drums , percussion , and bass on all of his brother Todd 's songs .
According to Bruce Bastin , `` Of limited musical interest , but completely within the guitar traditions of the Southeast , Louis Washington may have the distinction of being the one recorded resident Florida Bluesman of the period of commercial blues recording . ''
Jordi Savall i Bernadet ( Catalan : ( ˈʒɔrði səˈβaʎ i βərnəˈðɛt ) ; born August 1 , 1941 ) is a Spanish conductor , viol player , and composer .
Another band Silenoz , or `` Ed Damnator '' as he was called , played rhythm guitar and occasional bass in was the Norwegian thrash metal band , `` Nocturnal Breed '' .
Sid Busby is a British jazz trumpet player best known for his Hollywood Jazz albums .
Peter Havlicek ( born April 17 , 1963 in Vienna ) is an Austrian musician - Kontragitarre ( viennese harp - guitar ) , jazz guitar , composition , vocals .
Jon Schofield is an Australian musician ( bass guitar , guitar and vocals ) who has played in a range of bands from indie rock 1960s inspired band , Grooveyard , to The Coloured Girls ( a.k.a . The Messengers ) of Paul Kelly & the Coloured Girls .
Jack Brownlow ( March 3 , 1923 - October 27 , 2007 ) was an American jazz piano player .
Tristan Honsinger ( born October 23 , 1949 ) is a cello player active in free jazz and free improvisation .
Bjørnar Andresen ( 1 April 1945 -- 2 October 2004 ) was a Norwegian jazz musician ( double bass , guitar , banjo ) , known for his improvisational and multicultural musical expression in a variety of publications .
Woratep Rattana - umpawan began his guitar lessons when he was 12 .
Mick Medew as lead vocalist and guitarist formed a straight - ahead hard rock band , The 31st , in Brisbane in 1979 , with Ron Peno ( ex - The Hellcats ) on vocals , Tony Robertson ( ex - Credits ) on bass guitar and Chris Welsh on drums .
Paul performs as a solo performer with an acoustic guitar and also with his band the Paul Poulton Project .
Niki Sullivan ( June 23 , 1937 -- April 6 , 2004 ) was an American rock and roll guitar player , born in South Gate , California .
Alfred Edwin Brain Jr. ( born London , 24 October 1885 ; died Los Angeles , 29 March 1966 ) was an English player of the French horn .
The new band is composed of Nathan Azarcon on vocals and bass , Ira Cruz on guitar , and Vic Mercado on drums .
Marie Speziale is the first female trumpet player to play in a major symphony orchestra .
Eli Eban was born in New York and received his early musical training in Israel , studying the clarinet with Richard Lesser and Yona Ettlinger .
Both were formerly members of the Spencer Davis Group in the 1960s , in which Muff Winwood played bass guitar .
Roy Stevens ( 1916 - -1988 ) was an American trumpet player , Stevens - Costello System brass embouchure teacher , and author of the Embouchure Self - Analysis :
Richard Watkins , born in 1962 , is a horn player .
At this point , the Hanoi Rocks line - up consisted of Michael Monroe ( lead vocals ) , Andy McCoy ( lead guitar ) , Nasty Suicide ( rhythm guitar ) , Sam Yaffa ( bass ) and Swedish Gyp Casino ( drums ) .
Peter Wyper ( Lanarkshire , Scotland , 1861 - 1920 ) was a player of the diatonic button accordion ( or melodeon ) , believed to have been the first person to ever be recorded playing the accordion , which he did on wax cylinder in 1903 .
Paul David Harbour , born 1965 New Orleans , Louisiana is an American bass guitar and guitar player , pianist and composer .
Leo Wright ( December 14 , 1933 in Wichita Falls , Texas -- January 4 , 1991 in Vienna ) was an American jazz musician who played alto saxophone , flute and clarinet .
Henrik Gustaf Söderbaum ( 12 March 1862 in Kalmar -- 1933 in Djursholm ) was a Swedish chemist and secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences from 1923 to 1933 .
Armin Knab ( 19 February 1881 , Oberaurach -- 23 June 1951 ) was a German composer and musical writer .
He was the son of Franz von Werner , a Croatian landowner of Austro - German origin , and his wife , the former Eleonore Pfeiffer .
Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll ( pronounced : ( ʃaˈkiɾa isaˈβel meβaˈɾak riˈpol ) ; English /ʃəˈkɪərə/ ; born February 2 , 1977 ) is a Colombian singer , songwriter , dancer , record producer , choreographer , and model .
The academy , which is now known as the `` Academia Edna Coll '' ( The Edna Coll Academy ) and situated in San Juan , has served as the exposition center of art works by many of the Spaniard artists who fled Spain during the Spanish Civil War of the 1930s .
Laurence Urdang ( March 21 , 1927 -- August 26 , 2008 ) was a lexicographer , editor and author noted for first computerising the unabridged Random House Dictionary of the English Language , published in 1966 .
Uri Avnery ( Hebrew : אורי אבנרי‎ , also transliterated Uri Avneri , born 10 September 1923 ) is an Israeli writer and founder of the Gush Shalom peace movement .
Eugeniusz Żytomirski ( 1911 - -1975 ) was a Polish poet , playwright and novelist , born in Taganrog , Russia and died in Toronto , Canada .
Horace Lecoq de Boisbaudran ( May 14 , 1802 -- August 7 , 1897 ) was a French artist and teacher .
Lazăr Șăineanu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈlazər ʃəjˈne̯anu ) , also spelled Șeineanu , born Eliezer Schein ; Francisized Lazare Sainéan , French pronunciation : ​(lazaʁ sa.ine.ɑ̃ ) , or Sainéanu ; April 23 , 1859 -- May 11 , 1934 ) was a Romanian - born philologist , linguist , folklorist and cultural historian .
Karkar Island is an oval - shaped volcanic island located in the Bismarck Sea , about 30 kilometres off the north coast of mainland Papua New Guinea in Madang Province .
Miavaq ( Persian : مياوق‎ , also Romanized as Mīāvaq and Mīyāvaq ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Frachowiec ( fraˈxɔvjɛt͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kodrąb , within Radomsko County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Scott Hotel is a former hotel located at 101 East Quincy Street in Hancock , Michigan , originally known as the Hotel Scott .
Marshall 's Mill is a former flax spinning mill on Marshall Street in Holbeck , Leeds , West Yorkshire , England .
Tower Fall is a waterfall on Tower Creek in the northeastern region of Yellowstone National Park , in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
The Ouachita River Lock and Dam No . 8 are a historic lock and dam on the Ouachita River in Calhoun County , Arkansas .
Wólka Polinowska ( ˈvulka pɔlʲiˈnɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Konstantynów , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Grodno District or Hrodna District ( Belarusian : Гродзенскі раён , Гарадзенскі раён ; Russian : Гродненский район ) is a district ( raion ) of Grodno Region of Belarus .
Gnieżdżewo ( ɡɲɛʐˈd͡ʐɛvɔ ) ( Kashubian : Gniéżdżewò ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Blättersberg near Rhodt unter Rietburg in the Rhenish - Palatine county of Südliche Weinstraße is a mountain , 613.2 m above sea level ( NHN ) , in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Bhasot is a village in Jaunpur , Uttar Pradesh , India .
The Wayland E. Poole House is a historic home located near Auburn , Wake County , North Carolina , a suburb of the state capital Raleigh .
Trzylatków Duży ( tʂɨˈlatkuf ˈduʐɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Błędów , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Elephant Butte Reservoir is a reservoir on the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico , 5 miles ( 8.0 km ) north of Truth or Consequences .
Lecale Upper ( named after the former barony of Lecale ) is a barony in County Down , Northern Ireland .
The High Court of Justiciary is the supreme criminal court of Scotland .
Nowa Iwiczna ( pronounced ( ˈnɔva iˈvit͡ʂna ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Morongo Casino , Resort & Spa is an Indian gaming casino , of the Morongo Band of Cahuilla Mission Indians , located in Cabazon , California , USA , near San Gorgonio Pass .
The Soleil Center was a 43-story skyscraper and condo - hotel planned for Raleigh , North Carolina .
Kenarbaghcheh ( Persian : كنارباغچه‎ , also Romanized as Kenārbāghcheh ) is a village in Kiyaras Rural District , in the Central District of Gotvand County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Shire of Mingenew is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) southeast of the city of Geraldton and about 370 kilometres ( 230 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth .
Buonconsiglio Castle ( Italian : Castello del Buonconsiglio ) is a castle in Trento , northern Italy .
Santa Sofia a Via Boccea is a church at 478 Via Boccea , in Rome , Italy .
Niemirówek - Kolonia ( ɲɛmiˈruvɛk kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnawatka , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Koce - Piskuły ( ˈkɔt͡sɛ pisˈkuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Abernyte is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland .
Santa Maria Public Airport ( Capt . G. Allan Hancock Field ) ( IATA : SMX , ICAO : KSMX , FAA LID : SMX ) is three miles ( 5 km ) south of Santa Maria , in northern Santa Barbara County , California .
Przytyki ( pʂɨˈtɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chodel , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Amadiya District ( Central Kurdish : قەزای ئامێدی‎ , translit . qezayê Amêdî , Arabic : قضاء العمادية‎ , translit . qaḍāʾ al - Emadiyah ) is a district in northern central Dohuk Governorate within the Kurdistan Region of northern Iraq .
Gazabad - e Yek ( Persian : گز آباد1‎ , also Romanized as Gazābād - e Yek ; also known as Gazābād ) is a village in Jazmurian Rural District , Jazmurian District , Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Shurak - e Pain ( Persian : شورك پائين‎ , also Romanized as Shūrak - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Surobash ( Persian : سورباش‎ , also Romanized as Sūrobāsh ; also known as Sarv , Sarvbāsh , Sorūbāsh , and Surubāsh ) is a village in Kushk - e Nar Rural District , Kushk - e Nar District , Parsian County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Jubilee Christian Church International is a Christian church located in Boston , Massachusetts and Stoughton , Massachusetts .
Domariaganj is a town and tehsil of Siddharthnagar district in eastern Uttar Pradesh .
Dongzhi County ( simplified Chinese : 东至县 ; traditional Chinese : 東至縣 ; pinyin : Dōngzhì Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China , under the jurisdiction of Chizhou City .
Mittineague Elementary is an elementary school in the neighborhood of Mittineague on Second Street in the city of West Springfield , Massachusetts .
Dalgety Bay ( i / dælˈɡɛti ˈbeɪ/ , Scots : Dawgety ) is a coastal town in Fife , Scotland , on the north shore of the Firth of Forth .
The Winter Sports School in Park City is a college preparatory public charter school , with students from 9th through 12th grades , located in Park City , Utah .
The United Laymen Bible Student Tabernacle , now the George Bray Neighborhood Center , is located in Racine , Wisconsin .
The Trieb is a river of Saxony , Germany and a right - hand tributary of the White Elster .
Winona Senior High School is a publicly funded high school in Winona , in Winona County , which is located in southeastern Minnesota .
The Elizabeth Mine was a copper mine located on the town line between the Town of Strafford and the Town of Thetford , in Orange County , Vermont .
Negrete ( Spanish pronunciation : ( neˈɣɾete ) ) is a Chilean town and commune in Bío Bío Province , Bío Bío Region .
Novempopulania ( Latin for `` country of the nine peoples '' ) was one of the provinces created by Diocletian out of Gallia Aquitania , being also called Aquitania Tertia .
Otto Du Plessis Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape , province of South Africa , on the road between Ida , Eastern Cape and Clifford , Eastern Cape .
Strefford is a historic hamlet in Shropshire , England .
National Botanic Garden of Israel ( official name : The Botanical Garden for the Native Plants of Israel in memory of Montague Lamport , in Hebrew : הגן הבוטני לצמחי ארץ ישראל ע``ש מונטג'יו למפורט ) is a botanical garden located in the Hebrew University of Jerusalem --
The James B. Sheffield Olympic Skating Rink is an artificial ice track for speedskating in Lake Placid , New York , United States ( US ) .
Village of Cross Keys is a privately owned upscale area of Baltimore , Maryland .
Reclamation Street ( Chinese : 新填地街 ; pinyin : Xīntiándì Jiē ; Cantonese Yale : san1 tin4 dei6 gaai1 ) is a street stretching from Jordan to Mong Kok , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
Bad Zwesten is a community in the Schwalm - Eder district of Hesse , Germany .
Plenowo ( plɛˈnɔvɔ ) ( German : Plönhöfen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Reszel , within Kętrzyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Information Centre for Foreign Language Research ( German : Informationszentrum für Fremdsprachenforschung , IFS ) , an institute of the Philipps University of Marburg , has existed since 1969 .
Rtyně v Podkrkonoší ( German : Hertin ) is a small town in the Trutnov District , the Czech Republic .
Cercié is a rural commune in the Rhône department in eastern France .
Ventura County Medical Center is a hospital in the city of Ventura , California , USA .
Hendzel ( ˈxɛnd͡zɛl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
University School 's Entrepreneur Institute was founded in 2006 to help students learn entrepreneurial skills , provide opportunities to experience entrepreneurship , connect to other Northeast Ohio students and entrepreneur organizations , and encourage them to return to Northeast Ohio to pursue careers .
Villers - Bettnach Abbey ( Latin : Villerium ; German : Weiler - Bettnach ) is a former Cistercian abbey in the commune of Saint - Hubert in the Moselle department , France .
San Bernardo della Compagnia ( also known as San Bernardo a Colonna Traiani , San Bernardi ad Columnam Traiani or San Bernardo della Compagnia al Foro ) was a small church in Rome , next to Trajan 's Column , dedicated to Saint Bernard and the Virgin Mary .
The National Mustard Museum ( formerly the Mount Horeb Mustard Museum ) is a museum near U.S. 14 in the heart of downtown Middleton , Wisconsin .
Kola Kheyl ( Persian : كلاخيل‎ , also Romanized as Kolā Kheyl ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Following the collapse of the post - invasion Helvetic Republic , in 1803 as part of the Act of Mediation Einsiedeln became a Bezirk ( or District ) in the Canton of Schwyz .
Trzemuszka ( tʂɛˈmuʂka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Friskney is a village and civil parish within the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
The Adelaide Remand Centre is a maximum - security prison facility located in Adelaide , South Australia , used to hold prisoners on remand pending trial .
Arapahoe Basin ( often shortened as A - Basin , or simply The Basin ) is an alpine ski area in the Rocky Mountains of the United States , in the White River National Forest of Colorado .
Yaozhai ( Chinese : 姚寨镇 ) is a town in Dong'e County , Liaocheng , in western Shandong province , China .
Cheshmeh Gandu ( Persian : چشمه گندو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Gandū ) is a village in Khafri Rural District , in the Central District of Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kur Bonav ( Persian : كوربناو‎ , also Romanized as Kūr Bonāv ; also known as Kūr Bonāb ) is a village in Baryaji Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tha Muen Ram ( Thai : ท่าหมื่นราม ) is a sub - district in the Wang Thong District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Tahrak Mahalleh ( Persian : طاهرك محله‎ , also Romanized as Ţāhrak Maḩalleh ; also known as Tārīk Maḩalleh ) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District , in the Central District of Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Oakville GO Station is a railway station and bus station in the GO Transit network located at 214 Cross Avenue in Oakville , Ontario , Canada , near the Trafalgar Road exit 118 of the Queen Elizabeth Way .
Omnowsheh ( Persian : ام نوشه‎ , also Romanized as Omm ol Nowsheh ) is a village in Gharb - e Karun Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
London - Corbin Airport ( IATA : LOZ , ICAO : KLOZ , FAA LID : LOZ ) , also known as Magee Field , is a general aviation airport located in Laurel County , Kentucky , three nautical miles ( 6 km ) south of the central business district of London and about 12 miles north of Corbin .
The Shipley Art Gallery is an art gallery situated in Gateshead , Tyne and Wear , England , located at the south end of Prince Consort Road .
McKeesport National Bank ( now McKeesport City Hall ) located at 5th Avenue and Sinclair Street in McKeesport , Pennsylvania , was built from 1889 to 1891 .
Gęzyn ( ˈɡɛ̃zɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Pueblo Libre is a district of the Lima Province in Peru and one of the districts that comprise the city of Lima .
Janardhanavaram is a village in Chatrai Mandal , 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) from Mandal Headquarters , Krishna District , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Zarqa Governorate ( Arabic محافظة الزرقاء Muħāfazat az - Zarqāʔ , local dialects ez - Zergā or ez - Zer'a ) is the third largest governorate in Jordan by population .
Pain Zoghal Manzel ( Persian : پائين ذغال منزل‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Zoghāl Manzel ; also known as Zoghāl Manzel ) is a village in Chapakrud Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
KWDM , `` 88.7 KWDM The Point , '' is a modern rock high school radio station serving the Des Moines , Iowa area on 88.7 FM .
The Bernard M. Baruch College of the City University of New York , commonly known as Baruch College , is a constituent college of the City University of New York system located in the Gramercy Park section of Manhattan , New York City .
The John Trigg Ester Library is a small nonprofit membership library , located in Ester in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Kelarestaq - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كلارستاق غربي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Christ Church , Graveyard and Sexton 's House is an historic Episcopal church complex located at Worton , Kent County , Maryland .
Miserden is a village and civil parish in Stroud District , Gloucestershire , England , 4 miles north east of Stroud .
Anayit Beyk ( Persian : عنايت بيك‎ , also Romanized as ʿAnyāīt Beyḵ ) is a village in Rahjerd - e Sharqi Rural District , Salafchegan District , Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Piz Scalottas is a mountain of the Plessur Alps , located near Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden , Switzerland .
KOMO - FM ( 97.7 FM ) is a radio station simulcasting the newsradio format of Seattle , Washington 's KOMO ( 1000 ) .
Truman 's Place is a historic home located at Hughesville , Charles County , Maryland , United States .
The Dugway Range is a 13-mile ( 21 km ) long mountain range located in central - south Tooele County , Utah , on the Juab County north border .
Whitlock Cordage is a former industrial complex that has been renovated for residential and commercial use located along the banks of the since - filled Morris Canal in the Lafayette Section of Jersey City , New Jersey .
Jereh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Jereh and Baladeh District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Swiss Customs Museum , or Museo doganale svizzero , is a museum located in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Saran Bar - e Kashkali ( Persian : سرانباركاشكلي‎ , also Romanized as Sarān Bār - e Kāshkalī ) is a village in Pian Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Itcha Range is a small isolated mountain range in the West - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada .
Borborud - e Gharbi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بربرود غربی‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Shengeh Dul ( Persian : شنگه دول‎‎ , also Romanized as Shengeh Dūl ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Immokalee High School , located at 701 W. Immokalee Drive , Immokalee , Florida 34142 , is the only public high schools located in Immokalee .
Darreh Duzakh ( Persian : دره دوزخ‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Dūzakh ) is a village in Osmanvand Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Lost Hills Airport ( FAA LID : L84 ) , also known as Lost Hills - Kern County Airport , is a public airport located one mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district ( CBD ) of Lost Hills , in Kern County , California , USA .
Laudium is an Indian township southwest of central Pretoria , in the City of Tshwane Metropolitan Municipality .
Czaplice - Bąki ( t͡ʂaˈplit͡sɛ ˈbɔnki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzynowłoga Mała , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Molega Lake is a large lake in Queens County , Nova Scotia approximately 30 minutes outside of Bridgewater .
Flowery Branch High School is a four - year public charter high school located outside the city limits of Flowery Branch , Georgia , USA , operated by Hall County Schools .
Worth County High School ( also known as Worth County Comprehensive High School ) is a public high school located in Sylvester , Georgia , USA .
Cymbark ( ˈt͡sɨmbark ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąbrzeźno , within Wąbrzeźno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Bristol Municipal Stadium , also referred to as the Stone Castle , is an athletic facility located on the campus of Bristol Tennessee High School in Bristol , Tennessee .
Đeče ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђече ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Schœlcher is a town and the fourth - largest commune in the French overseas department of Martinique .
The Große Freiheit ( German for : `` Big Freedom '' ) is a cross street on the North Side to Hamburg 's Reeperbahn road in the St. Pauli quarter .
Salt Lake Stadium or Yuva Bharati Krirangan is a multipurpose stadium in Bidhannagar , Kolkata , West Bengal .
The Salem Cross Inn is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment at 260 West Main Street ( Massachusetts Route 9 ) in West Brookfield , Massachusetts .
The Daniel and Esther Bartlett House , now the Lonetown Farm Museum , is at historic house and farmstead at 43 Lonetown Road in Redding , Connecticut .
Ardgowan House is a late 18th - century mansion and estate on the Firth of Clyde near Inverkip , Scotland .
Qasabestan ( Persian : قصبستان‎ , also Romanized as Qaşabestān and Qaşbestān ; also known as Ghasabtan , Kāsāhasan , Kasbasān , and Kāseh Ḩasan ) is a village in Miyan Rud Rural District , Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Jackson Bottom Wetlands Preserve in Hillsboro , Oregon , United States , is a 725-acre ( 293 ha ) wetlands area along the Tualatin River in Washington County , Oregon .
Dudaheh ( Persian : دودهه‎ , also Romanized as Dūdaheh and Dowdaheh ; also known as Deheh - ye Bālā , Dūdah , Dudakh , and Dūdeh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Gharbi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The National College Baseball Hall of Fame , located in Lubbock , Texas , is a museum operated by the College Baseball Foundation serving as the central point for the study of the history of college baseball in the United States .
Thrithallur is located on the western part of ( Thrissur ) district .
Located in Coos County , New Hampshire and Oxford County , Maine , Umbagog National Wildlife Refuge is a northern treasure in the National Wildlife Refuge System .
Tag Ab Khanak ( Persian : تگ اب خنك‎ , also Romanized as Tag Āb Khanaḵ ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Tornø ( meaning Thorn Island ) is a small island in the Odense Fjord , roughly 7 kilometres ( 4.3 mi ) northeast of the city of Odense , in Kerteminde Municipality , Funen , Denmark .
Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province ( Persian : استان چهارمحال و بختیاری‎‎ , Ostān - e Chahār - Mahāl - o Bakhtiyārī ) is one of the 31 provinces of Iran .
Rudy - Rysie ( ˈrudɨ ˈrɨɕe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczurowa , within Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Dongpo Academy is located near the town of Zhonghe , 40 km from Danzhou ( Nada ) city .
Selmier State Forest was established through a donation to the Indiana Department of Natural Resources by Mrs. Frank Selmier , on behalf of her husband Frank .
Tramagal is a Portuguese parish , located in Abrantes Municipality , in Santarém District .
Fritchley is a small village in Derbyshire south of Crich and north of Ambergate .
1E is a privately owned IT software and services company based in the United Kingdom .
Buller District , one of 53 districts of New Zealand , and is within the West Coast Region .
Kilby Correctional Facility is an Alabama Department of Corrections ( ADOC ) prison for the state of Alabama , located in Mt.
Sarash ( Persian : سراش‎ , also Romanized as Sarāsh ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Eilenburg station is one of two railway stations in the district town of Eilenburg in the German state of Saxony .
Asschat is a hamlet in the municipality Leusden , in the Dutch province of Utrecht .
Penn State Greater Allegheny , commonly referred to as PSUGA , is a Commonwealth Campus of the Pennsylvania State University in McKeesport , Pennsylvania .
Fathkuh ( Persian : فتحكوه‎ , also Romanized as Fatḩkūh ; also known as Fatkūh ) is a village in Rahmatabad Rural District , Rahmatabad and Blukat District , Rudbar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts ( NSFIA ) was a city - run vocational and art school in Newark , New Jersey .
Duddell Street ( Chinese : 都爹利街 ; pinyin : Dūdiēlì Jiē ; Cantonese Yale : dou1 de1 lei6 gaai1 ) is a small street located near the Lan Kwai Fong district in Central , Hong Kong .
Chedington is a small village and civil parish in west Dorset , England , situated near the A356 road 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) southeast of Crewkerne in Somerset .
Metz Ice Plant , also known as Jacob Klaer Gristmill and Milford Ice and Refrigeration Company , is a historic ice manufacturing plant located in the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area at Milford , Pike County , Pennsylvania .
Palisade Head is a large rock formation on the North Shore of Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Minnesota .
Molló ( Catalan pronunciation : ( muˈʎo ) , Catalan for `` milestone '' ) is a town and municipality in the comarca of Ripollès in Girona , Catalonia , Spain , located in the Pyrenees , by the French border .
Amparanirappel is a place near Palai in Kottayam district of Kerala , India .
Osowiec Śląski ( ɔˈsɔvjɛt͡s ˈɕlɔ̃ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Grundy Senior High School is a public high school located east of Grundy , Virginia on Slate Creek in Buchanan County , Virginia .
Dorcheh ( Persian : درچه‎ ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Mavilakadappuram is a small island village near Cheruvathur in Kasaragod district , Kerala , India .
Pol - e Fahlian ( Persian : پل فهليان‎ , also Romanized as Pol - e Fahlīān ; also known as Gar - e Dodāngeh ) is a village in Fahlian Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dörzbach is a town in the Jagst river valley in the Hohenlohe district of Baden - Württemberg , in south central Germany .
The Bad Newz Kennels dog fighting investigation began in April 2007 with a search of property in Surry County , Virginia , owned by Michael Vick , who was at the time quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons football team , and the subsequent discovery of evidence of a dog fighting ring .
Chmieleń ( ˈxmjɛlɛɲ ) ( German : Langwasser ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubomierz , within Lwówek Śląski County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Kachemak Bay Campus ( KBC ) is a campus of Kenai Peninsula College , which is a unit of the University of Alaska Anchorage .
Compton Abbas Airfield ( IATA : n / a , ICAO : EGHA ) is located 2.7 NM ( 5.0 km ; 3.1 mi ) south of Shaftesbury , Dorset , England .
Thanlon is a subdivisional headquarters in the Indian state of Manipur .
Sikory Juskie ( ɕiˈkɔrɨ ˈjuskʲɛ ) ( German : Schikorren ; 1927 - 1945 : Wellheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Juchy , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Jijil ( Persian : جيجيل‎ , also Romanized as Jījīl ; also known as Jījel ) is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Edinample Castle is a late 16th century castle on the southern shores of Loch Earn near Balquhidder in the Stirling council area of Scotland .
Kutyłowo - Perysie ( kutɨˈwɔvɔ pɛˈrɨɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kermestan ( Persian : كرمستان‎ , also Romanized as Kermestān ) is a village in Gowharan Rural District , Gowharan District , Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Sar Tang Mahi ( Persian : سرتنگ ماهي‎ , also Romanized as Sar Tang Māhī ) is a village in Mahru Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Bigton is a small settlement on South Mainland , Shetland , UK .
Tell Rasm El Hadeth is an archaeological site 18 km north of Baalbek in the Beqaa Mohafazat ( Governorate ) .
A. J. McClung Memorial Stadium is a 15,000-seat sports stadium located in Columbus , Georgia .
Kanavand ( Persian : كناوند‎ , also Romanized as Kanāvand , Kanawand , Kanvand , and Kenāvand ) is a village in Zanjanrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Zanjan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Sartalkh ( Persian : سرتلخ‎ ) is a village in Zeberkhan Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Bladen Lakes State Forest ( BLSF ) is a North Carolina state forest near Elizabethtown , North Carolina .
Wingello State Forest is a planted forest in the Australian state of New South Wales .
Vadakkanadu is a hamlet located in Thiruvattar block of Kanyakumari district .
Sulmówek ( sulˈmuvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goszczanów , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Ludomki ( luˈdɔmki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ryczywół , within Oborniki County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Verkhny Fiagdon or Upper Fiagdon ( Ossetian : Уæллаг Фиййагдон ; Wællag Fijjagdon , Russian : Верхний Фиагдон ) is a settlement in Alagirsky District of North Ossetia--
The Spears School of Business ( or Spears School ) is the business component of Oklahoma State University .
Jistrum ( Dutch : Eestrum ) is a village in Tytsjerksteradiel in the province of Friesland of the Netherlands .
Anayesht ( Persian : عنايشت‎ , also Romanized as `` Anāyesht ; also known as Ānāghesht and Enā``esht ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 100 , in 20 families .
Sarmaj - e Karami ( Persian : سرماج كرمي‎ , also Romanized as Sarmāj - e Karamī ; also known as Sarmāj and Sarmāj - e Keranū ) is a village in Shizar Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bucecea ( Yiddish : בוטשעטש ) is a town in Botoşani County , Romania .
The 32nd Indiana Monument , also known as the August Bloedner Monument , honors the Union soldiers of the 32nd Indiana Volunteer Infantry Regiment , also known as Indiana 's `` 1st German '' regiment , who died in the Battle of Rowlett 's Station on 17 December 1861 , near Munfordville , Kentucky .
Teshkan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان تشكن‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Rio Grande de Añasco ( also , in English , Añasco Big River or just Añasco River ) is a river in western Puerto Rico .
Wołów County ( Polish : powiat wołowski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lower Silesian Voivodeship , south - western Poland .
Zięblice ( ʑɛmˈblit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierza Wielka , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
São Miguel Island ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w miˈɣɛɫ ) ; named for the Archangel Michael or , literally , Portuguese for Saint Michael ) , is also referred to locally as `` The Green Island '' , is the largest and most populous island in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Posht Par Rural District ( Persian : دهستان پشت پر‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Old Glossop is a parish village and the original part of the town of Glossop in the High Peak area of Derbyshire , England , about 15 miles east of Manchester and 23 miles west of Sheffield .
The Northwest Highlands are located in the northern third of Scotland that is separated from the Grampian Mountains by the Great Glen ( Glen More ) .
Ransomes and Reavell Sports Club Ground is a cricket ground in Ipswich , Suffolk .
The Paul Eames Sports Complex is a minor league baseball stadium , located in Albany , Georgia .
Saltness is a hamlet in southwestern Whalsay in the parish of Nesting in the Shetland Islands of Scotland .
Murestaneh ( Persian : مورستانه‎ , also Romanized as Mūrestāneh ; also known as Mūrestāneh - ye - Qāzī Bolāghī , Muristāneh , and Muristanekh ) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Point Adams Light was a lighthouse near the mouth of the Columbia River on the Oregon Coast of the United States .
Camp Joe Holt was a Union base during the American Civil War in Jeffersonville , Indiana , across the Ohio River from Louisville , Kentucky on land that is now part of Clarksville , Indiana , near the Big Eddy .
Waldburg - Wurzach was a county ruled by the House of Waldburg , located on the southeastern border of Baden - Württemberg , Germany , located around Wurzach ( located about 15 kilometres west of Bad Waldsee ) .
Klugajny ( kluˈɡai̯nɨ ) ( German Klogehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłakowo , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Nordelta district , located at the north of the Tigre Partido , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , consists of a gated community made up of 9 neighborhoods , founded in 1999 and known as the first ciudadpueblo ( `` city - ville '' in English ) of Argentina ; it is close to the town General Pacheco .
Zgojewo ( zɡɔˈjɛvɔ ) ( German : Schojow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Główczyce , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kan District ( Persian : بخش کن‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
École secondaire catholique de la Vérendrye ( ESCDLV ) is a French Catholic high school located in Port Arthur , Thunder Bay , Ontario .
Karvian ( Persian : كرويان‎ , also Romanized as Karvīān ) is a village in Mir Deh Rural District , in the Central District of Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Tayyareh ( Persian : طياره‎ , also Romanized as Ţayyāreh ) is a village in Ahudasht Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Aircraft railway station is located on the Werribee line in Victoria , Australia .
The Oodnadatta Track , Australia is an unsealed 620 km ( 385 mi ) outback road between Marree and Marla via Oodnadatta in South Australia .
The Herbst Theatre is an auditorium in the War Memorial and Performing Arts Center in Civic Center in San Francisco , California , United States .
Wola Bykowska ( ˈvɔla bɨˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabica , within Piotrków County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Flisk ( Scottish Gaelic : Fleasg meaning `` Stalk '' or `` Rod '' ) was a parish in Fife , Scotland .
Łubne ( ˈwubnɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Лубне , Lubne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baligród , within Lesko County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Kupferhof Bauschenberg was one of many brass producing factories built in the 17th century in the German city of Stolberg .
The Tatoosh Wilderness is a designated wilderness in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Washington in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States .
Kuldīga ( pronunciation ) ( German : Goldingen ) is a town in western Latvia .
Keilberg ( Schneeberg ) is a mountain in West - Erzgebirge of Saxony , southeastern Germany nearby the town Schneeberg .
Bishop Druitt College is an independent , co - educational Kindergarten to Year 12 Anglican school situated in North Boambee on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales .
Sibli ( Persian : سيبلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Sībelī ) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Biddeford - Saco Mills Historic District encompasses the historic mill complex that flanks both sides of the Saco River in Biddeford and Saco , Maine .
The Sacatar Trail Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area located 20 miles ( 32 km ) northwest of Ridgecrest , California USA .
Saint - Brieuc ( pronounced French : ( sɛ̃.bʁi.jø ) , Breton : Sant - Brieg , Gallo : Saent - Berioec ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department in Brittany in northwestern France .
Hedsor is a small village and civil parish in Wycombe district in Buckinghamshire , England , in the very south of the county , near the River Thames and Bourne End .
Ahmadabad - e Razavi ( Persian : احمدابادرضوي‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Raẕavī ; also known as Aḩmadābād and Allahābād ) is a village in Eslamiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Łazek ( ˈwazɛk ) is a part of village Niemstów in the administrative district of Gmina Lubin , within Lubin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Viger Square ( French : Square Viger ) is an urban square in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Castlereagh Aerodrome was a Royal Australian Air Force ( RAAF ) emergency landing ground and dispersal ground during World War II at Castlereagh , New South Wales , Australia .
Janaszów ( jaˈnaʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagnańsk , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Posiłów ( pɔˈɕiwuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Liard Plateau is a plateau in far northern British Columbia , Canada , located between the Smith and Liard Rivers , and extending north into the Yukon .
Piz Bial is a mountain of the Albula Alps , located in Graubünden , Switzerland .
WKAI is a 25,000 watt FM radio station on 100.1 kHz in Macomb , Illinois , in west - central Illinois .
The Renville County Courthouse and Jail is a historic building located at 500 East DePue Avenue in Olivia , Minnesota , United States ; the seat of Renville County .
Studium Biblicum Franciscanum is a Franciscan academic society based in Jerusalem .
Salafchegan District ( Persian : بخش سلفچگان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Grześka ( ˈɡʐɛɕka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieruszów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Górnystok ( ɡurˈnɨstɔk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Haigh Field Airport ( FAA LID : O37 ) is a public airport located three miles ( 4.8 km ) southeast of the central business district ( CBD ) of Orland , a city in Glenn County , California , USA .
Mazeh Kaz ( Persian : مازه كز‎ , also Romanized as Māzeh Kaz ; also known as Māzeh Gar , Māzeh Gaz , and Māzgeh ) is a village in Sadat Mahmudi Rural District , Pataveh District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Grove Place is a Grade I listed building in Nursling , Hampshire .
Trevitt 's Addition Historic District is a neighborhood , primarily residential in character , located in The Dalles , Oregon , United States .
The Rachel Carson Greenway is a planned 25-mile stretch of trails , spanning from the historic Adelphi Mill in Prince George 's County north through eastern Montgomery County , Maryland to Patuxent River State Park , and incorporating existing Northwest Branch trails .
Public School No . 109 , also known as Male and Female Primary School No . 5 and Broadway School , was a historic elementary school located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The Squamish River is a short but very large river in the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Posht Tang - e Chenaran ( Persian : پشت تنگ چناران‎ , also Romanized as Posht Tang - e Chenārān ; also known as Posht Tang ) is a village in Shizar Rural District , Bisotun District , Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Baltan ( Persian : بالتان‎ , also Romanized as Bāltān ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Arab World Institute ( abbreviated `` AWI '' ; French : Institut du Monde Arabe , abbreviated `` IMA '' ) is an organization founded in Paris in 1980 by 18 Arab countries with France to research and disseminate information about the Arab world and its cultural and spiritual values .
Berkeley Repertory Theatre is a regional theater company located in Berkeley , California .
The Southern Rocky Mountains are a major subregion of the Rocky Mountains of North America located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Wyoming , the central and western portions of Colorado , the northern portion of New Mexico , and extreme eastern portions of Utah .
Cousins Inlet is a fjord in the Central Coast region of the Canadian province of British Columbia .
Tiffield is a village and civil parish in Northamptonshire , England , north of Towcester between the A5 road to its west and the A43 road to its east .
Otematata is a village in the Waitaki District of North Otago in New Zealand 's South Island .
Dells Raceway Park ( DRP ) , formerly known as the Dells Motor Speedway , is a car racing raceway located in the town of Lyndon , in Juneau County , north of Wisconsin Dells , Wisconsin just off of U.S. Route 12/Wisconsin Highway 16 .
The Mary Lou Fulton Institute and Graduate School of Education ( known as FIGSE ) at Arizona State University was established in 1954 and disestablished in 2010 by Provost Elizabeth Capaldi amidst strong objections from faculty , students , and relevant professional organizations .
Parsęcko ( parˈsɛnt͡skɔ ) ( German Persanzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczecinek , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Treorchy ( Welsh : Treorci ) is a village , although it used to be and still has characteristics of a town , in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , Wales , lying in the Rhondda Fawr valley .
The Basilica Julia was partially destroyed in 410 AD when the Visigoths sacked Rome and the site slowly fell into ruin over the centuries .
Grace Theological Seminary ( GTS ) is a conservative evangelical Christian seminary located in Winona Lake , Indiana .
Yelnikovsky District ( Russian : Е́льниковский райо́н ; Moksha : Ельниконь район ; Erzya : Кузбуе ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the twenty - two in the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Kuchmy - Pietruki ( ˈkuxmɨ pjɛˈtruki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Pirelli Stadium is an association football stadium on Princess Way in Burton upon Trent , East Staffordshire , England .
Daylaq ( Persian : دايلاق‎ , also Romanized as Dāylāq ) is a village in Nazluy - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Abbey of Aghaboe is one of the most important of the abbeys and priories in County Laois .
The Naugle House is an historic house of the American colonial architecture style called Dutch Colonial on Dunkerhook Road in Fair Lawn , New Jersey , adjacent to the Saddle River County Park .
Hodod ( Hungarian : Hadad , Hungarian pronunciation : ( hɒdɒd ) ; German : Kriegsdorf ) is a commune of 3,209 inhabitants situated in Satu Mare County , Romania .
Wólka Tuczępska ( ˈvulka tuˈt͡ʂɛmpska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowiec , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Suoyarvi ( Russian : Суоя́рви ; Karelian : Suojärvi ; Finnish : Suojärvi ) is a town and the administrative center of Suoyarvsky District of the Republic of Karelia , Russia , located 140 kilometers ( 87 mi ) northwest of Petrozavodsk .
The CBS Building in New York City , also known as Black Rock , is the headquarters of CBS Corporation .
WWPA ( 1340 AM ) is an adult standards radio station broadcasting at 1340 AM and licensed to serve the community of Williamsport , Pennsylvania , USA .
Pierce Memorial Field is an 8,000-capacity stadium located in East Providence , Rhode Island .
Bell Tower Building , or the Allegany County League for Crippled Children building , is a historic building in Cumberland , Allegany County , Maryland .
Shendeh ( Persian : شنده‎ ) is a village in Chendar Rural District , Chendar District , Savojbolagh County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Dasht Mian ( Persian : دشت ميان‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Mīān ) is a village in Khoshabar Rural District , in the Central District of Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sityodtong USA , also known as Team Sityodtong , is a Muay Thai and mixed martial arts training camp based out of Somerville , Massachusetts .
The Stanford Cricket Ground , colloquially known as `` Sticky Wicket Stadium '' , is a cricket ground in Osbourn , Saint George Parish , Antigua .
Halsey Field House is a multi - purpose arena at the United States Naval Academy , in Annapolis , Maryland , with a seating capacity of 5,000 .
Żerczyce ( ʐɛrˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) ( Ukrainian : Жирчиці , Zhyrchytsi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nurzec - Stacja , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
The Androscoggin Mill Block is an historic tenement house at 269 - 271 Park Street in Lewiston , Maine , United States .
Mowtowr Pamp - e Baharestan ( Persian : موتورپم پبهارستان‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr Pamp - e Bahārestān ) is a village in Arzuiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Koeru Parish ( Estonian : Koeru vald ) is a rural municipality in Järva County , Estonia .
Shanyang County ( simplified Chinese : 山阳县 ; traditional Chinese : 山陽縣 ; pinyin : Shānyáng Xiàn ) is a county of Shangluo , Shaanxi , China , has an area of 3,515 square kilometers and a population of 440,000 as of 2004 .
Zawadka Rymanowska ( zaˈvatka rɨmaˈnɔfska ) ( Ukrainian : Завадка Риманівська , Zavadka Rymanivs’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dukla , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
The Rheinwald ( literally `` Rhine Forest '' , but derived from Latin Rheni vallis meaning `` Rhine Valley '' ; Romansh : Valrain ) is a valley in the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland .
Suderu ( Persian : سودرو‎ , also Romanized as Sūderū , Soodroo , and Sūdrū ) is a village in Tazian Rural District , in the Central District of Bandar Abbas County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Borough Hall of the Borough of Waynesboro is a historic borough hall located at Waynesboro in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
Onion Lake Cree Nation , comprising the adjacent Makaoo 120 and Seekaskootch 119 Indian reserves , is a Cree First Nation band government in Canada that straddles the Alberta / Saskatchewan provincial border approximately 50 km ( 31 mi ) north of the City of Lloydminster .
The Avoca River , an inland intermittent river of the north -- central catchment , part of the Murray - Darling basin , is located in the lower Riverina bioregion and Central Highlands and Wimmera regions of the Australian state of Victoria .
Nanfen District ( simplified Chinese : 南芬区 ; traditional Chinese : 南芬區 ; pinyin : Nánfēn Qū ) is a District under the administration of Benxi City , Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Krzyżownica ( kʂɨʐɔvˈnit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mogilno , within Mogilno County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Arctic Bay ( Inuktitut syllabics : ᐃᒃᐱᐊᕐᔪᒃ , Ikpiarjuk `` the pocket '' ) is an Inuit hamlet located in the northern part of the Borden Peninsula on Baffin Island in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Saint - Orens - de - Gameville ( also referred to as Saint - Orens ) is a commune in the Haute - Garonne department in the Midi - Pyrénées region in southwestern France .
Jeffreys Bay is a constituent part of the Kouga Local Municipality of the Cacadu District in the Eastern Cape Province .
The Eleanor Cabot Bradley Estate is a nonprofit country house and garden ground museum in Canton , Massachusetts .
Domodedovsky District ( Russian : Домоде́довский райо́н ) was an administrative district ( raion ) of Moscow Oblast , Russia , which was municipally incorporated as Domodedovo Urban Okrug .
Khur Ab ( Persian : خوراب‎ , also Romanized as Khūr Āb ; also known as Ḩūrāb , Kaura , Khorab , Khūro , Khūrrāb , and Khūru ) is a village in Dehram Rural District , Dehram District , Farashband County , Fars Province , Iran .
Dollar Academy , founded in 1818 by benefaction of trader John McNabb , is a co - educational day and boarding school in Scotland .
Pataver ( Persian : پاتاور‎ , also Romanized as Pātāver ; also known as Pātāvereh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Sound of Night ( Italian : Il Rumore della Notte ) is an outdoor 1986 bronze sculpture by Italian artist Mimmo Paladino , installed at the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston 's ( MFAH ) Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Lake Dulverton is a large shallow lake / lagoon associated with the town of Oatlands in Southern Midlands of Tasmania .
Frostisen is a glacier on the border of the municipalities of Ballangen and Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Zasada ( Serbian Cyrillic : Засада ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dobrowo ( dɔˈbrɔvɔ ) ( German : Dubberow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Miękisze ( mʲɛŋˈkʲiʂɛ ) ( Ukrainian : М'якиші , Myakyshi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielsk Podlaski , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Tanai Township ( Burmese : တနိုင်းမြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma .
Krzczonów - Folwark ( ˈkʂt͡ʂɔnuf ˈfɔlvark ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Krzczonów , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Vilshana ( Ukrainian : Вільшана ) is an urban - type settlement located in the Horodysche Raion ( district ) of Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Castelmagno is a small comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 80 kilometres ( 50 mi ) southwest of Turin and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) west of Cuneo .
Estate Catherineberg is a historic mansion on Denmark Hill in Charlotte Amalie , on Saint Thomas island , in the United States Virgin Islands .
Kamabad ( Persian : كم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Kamābād ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Shaveh - ye Beyt Mansur ( Persian : شاوه بيت منصور‎ , also Romanized as Shāveh - ye Beyt Manṣūr ) is a village in Moshrageh Rural District , Moshrageh District , Ramshir County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tung Chung , meaning ' eastern stream ' , is an area situated on the north - western coast of Lantau Island in Hong Kong .
Nottely Dam is a hydroelectric and flood storage dam on the Nottely River in Union County , in the U.S. state of Georgia .
The Middleburg United Methodist Church , formerly known as the Methodist Episcopal Church at Black Creek , is an historic church in Middleburg , Florida .
Reczpol ( ˈrɛt͡ʂpɔl ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywcza , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
In 2015 , The Scottish Borders Council officially announced that Galashiels was the capital of the Scottish Borders .
Glacier Bay Wilderness is a wilderness area in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska .
Satyanarayanapuram is a village in Cherla mandalam , in Khammam district , Andhra Pradesh .
Moses Lake High School is a public high school in Moses Lake , Washington serving 2,100 students in grades 9 - 12 .
Cham - e Shahab ( Persian : چم شهاب‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Shahāb and Cham Shahab ) is a village in Hayat Davud Rural District , in the Central District of Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Open Door Christian Academy is a co - educational private Christian school in Troutdale , Oregon , United States .
Fort Stanwix was a colonial fort whose construction commenced on August 26 , 1758 , under the direction of British General John Stanwix , at the location of present - day Rome , New York , but was not completed until about 1762 .
Cheshmeh Pahn Ganjegan ( Persian : چشمه پهن گنجگان‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Pahn Ganjegān ; also known as Cheshmeh Pahn ) is a village in Sarrud - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Gręblin ( ˈɡrɛmblin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pelplin , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wojanów ( ( vɔˈjanuf ) ; German : Schildau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mysłakowice , within Jelenia Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Haga Palace ( Swedish : Haga slott ) , formerly known as the Queen 's Pavilion ( Swedish : Drottningens paviljong ) , is located in the Haga Park , Solna Municipality in Metropolitan Stockholm , Sweden .
Baridi ( Persian : بريدي‎ , also Romanized as Barīdī ) is a village in Surak Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Supilinn ( Estonian for `` Soup town '' ) is a neighbourhood of Tartu , Estonia .
Qurjaq ( Persian : قورجاق‎ , also Romanized as Qūrjāq and Qeverjāq ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Xiaogan ( Chinese : 孝感 ; pinyin : Xiàogǎn ) is a prefecture - level city in east - central Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , some 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of the provincial capital of Wuhan .
The Mesabi Trail is a 132-mile paved bicycle trail running from Grand Rapids , Minnesota to Ely , Minnesota .
Jangal District ( Persian : بخش جنگل‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Smołdzęcino ( smɔu̯d͡zɛnˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Schmalzenthin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Exhaling Pearls is an outdoor 1993 bronze sculpture by postmodernist American artist Joseph Havel , installed at the Museum of Fine Arts , Houston 's Lillie and Hugh Roy Cullen Sculpture Garden , in the U.S. state of Texas .
Dellemont - Wemple Farm is a historic farm complex located at Rotterdam in Schenectady County , New York .
Camp Hulen was a military training camp near Palacios , Texas , United States that operated from 1925 until 1946 , and at one time supported the largest concentration of troops for field training in the United States military .
The North Falmouth Village Historic District encompasses the historic 19th - century village of North Falmouth , Massachusetts , which is a village in the town of Falmouth , Massachusetts .
Coral Ridge Mall is an enclosed super - regional shopping mall located just south of Interstate 80 in Coralville , Iowa .
The Caleb Baldwin Tavern is a historic house at 32 Main Street in the Newtown Borough Historic District , located in Newtown , Connecticut , United States .
Queule is a Chilean town in the commune of Toltén in Cautín Province , Araucanía Region .
Mahidasht District ( Persian : بخش ماهیدشت‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Razmgah - e Sofla ( Persian : رزمگاه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Razmgāh - e Soflá ; also known as Razmgāh - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Sefid Sang Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hovenden House , Barn and Abolition Hall is a group of historic buildings in Plymouth Meeting , Whitemarsh Township , Montgomery County , Pennsylvania .
Pooyamkutty is a small town in Ernakulam district , Kothamangalam Taluk , Kuttampuzha panchayath and in the Indian state of Kerala .
Pariangan is a Minangkabau village located in the regency of Tanah Datar , West Sumatra province , Indonesia .
The Red Onion is a restaurant located on East Cooper Avenue in Aspen , Colorado , United States .
The Duncan Mills Bridge was one of nine metal highway bridges in Fulton County , Illinois nominated for the National Register of Historic Places .
Bhausabari is a Keroun village development committee in Morang District in the Kosi Zone of south - eastern BayarbanKeroun VDC nepal in mother land Nepal .
Populonia or Populonia Alta ( Etruscan : Pupluna , Pufluna or Fufluna , all pronounced Fufluna ; Latin : Populonium , Populonia , or Populonii ) today is a frazione of the comune of Piombino ( Tuscany , central Italy ) .
Broad Run High School is a public secondary school in Ashburn , an unincorporated area in Loudoun County , Virginia , United States .
Manassas Park City Schools is a school division that serves the city of Manassas Park , Virginia , United States .
Kiełczew ( ˈkʲɛu̯t͡ʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Małkinia Górna , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Uffenheim is a city in the Middle Franconian district of Neustadt ( Aisch)-Bad Windsheim , in Bavaria , Germany .
Pine Creek Gristmill is an historic building located in Wildcat Den State Park in Muscatine County , Iowa , United States .
Holyrood Secondary School is a Catholic secondary school in the south - side of Glasgow , Scotland .
The Joseph R. Bowles House is a house located in southwest Portland , Oregon , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Franconian lands lie principally in Bavaria , north and south of the winding Main River , which together with the left ( southern ) Regnitz tributary , including its Rednitz and Pegnitz headstreams , drains most parts of Franconia .
Loaningfoot is a hamlet in the Kirkbean parish of Dumfries and Galloway county .
Swenson Arts and Technology High School ( Swenson High School ) , formally known as `` Swenson Skills Center '' , is a full - time Technical / Vocational high school located in the greater Northeast of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Riisipere ( German : Riesenberg ) is a small borough ( alevik ) in the county of Harju , Estonia , and is the Nissi Parish administrative center .
Highworth is a market town and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 6 miles ( 10 km ) northeast of Swindon town centre .
Fairhaven Station , also called Bellingham , is a train station serving the Amtrak 's ' ' Amtrak Cascades route , as well as a bus station serving Greyhound Lines and local Whatcom Transportation Authority buses , in Bellingham , Washington , United States .
Sleemanabad is a village in Madhya Pradesh , India , approximately 62 km from Jabalpur and 32 km from Katni .
Woodchute Wilderness is a 5,923-acre ( 2,397 ha ) wilderness area in Prescott National Forest in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Carlton Gardens is a World Heritage Site located on the northeastern edge of the Central Business District in the suburb of Carlton , in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Bagh - e Manazarieh ( Persian : باغ منظريه‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Manẓarīeh ) is a village in Baqeran Rural District , in the Central District of Birjand County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ali Mohammad Bazar ( Persian : علي محمدبازار‎ , also Romanized as ʿAlī Moḩammad Bāzār ; also known as Moḩammad Bāzār ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Mecca Covered Bridge crossing Big Raccoon Creek East of Mecca , Indiana is a single span Burr Arch Truss covered bridge structure that was built by J.J. Daniels in 1873 .
Nowy Stręczyn ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈstrɛnt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Wilka - Bory ( ˈvilka ˈbɔrɨ ) ( German : Bohra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulików , within Zgorzelec County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Al - Ahmadiyah ( Arabic : ‎ , also spelled Ahmediye ; also known as el - Hamediyeh or Ammudiya ) , is a former Syrian village in the central Golan Heights , 15 kilometers southeast of Lake Hula .
Gangolli ( also Ganguli ) a is village in Kundapur Taluk of Udupi district in Karnataka state .
Santana High School , located in Santee , California , is part of the Grossmont Union High School District .
Jarreh - ye Sofla ( Persian : جره سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Jarreh - ye Soflá ; also known as Jarrah - e Pā’īn and Jarreh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Vahdatiyeh Rural District , Sadabad District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Timpone della Motta is a hill two kilometers to the southwest of Francavilla Marittima in Calabria , Italy .
Qeshlaq - e Kelid Darreh ( Persian : قشلاق كليددره‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Kelīd Darreh ) is a village in Sahneh Rural District , in the Central District of Sahneh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Pau dos Ferros is a municipality in the homonymous microregion , in Rio Grande do Norte state , Northeast Brazil .
Factory Bridge , also known as Horsham Bridge , is a historic wooden covered bridge in White Deer Township , Union County , Pennsylvania .
Trowbridge Square Historic District , originally known as Village of Spireworth and Mount Pleasant , is a 26-acre ( 11 ha ) historic district in the Hill section New Haven , Connecticut .
Hast ( Persian : هست‎ ) is a village in Hana Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Euston Arch , built in 1837 , was the original entrance to Euston station , facing onto Drummond Street , London .
Wells Regional Transportation Center is a train station in Wells , Maine served by Amtrak , the national railroad passenger system , and other transportation providers .
Tut Kaleh - ye Sofla ( Persian : توتكله سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Tūt Kaleh - ye Soflá ; also known as Tūt Kalā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Bushkan District ( Persian : بخش بوشکان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Žablje ( pronounced ( ˈʒaːbljɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills north of Kranj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Dahnejerd ( Persian : دهنجرد‎ , also Romanized as Dahanjerd ; also known as Danjerd ) is a village in Sofalgaran Rural District , Lalejin District , Bahar County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Kirkby on Bain is a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
Isle of Comandatuba ( Ilha de Comandatuba , in Portuguese ) is in the municipality of Una , on the south coast of the State of Bahia , Brazil .
Margavar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان مرگور‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Silvaneh District , Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The George R. Kress House is a Tudor Revival style home in Los Angeles , California .
Żebry - Stara Wieś ( ˈʐɛbrɨ ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszewo - Borki , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Purgatoire River is a river in southeastern Colorado , United States .
The Robert and Concetta Dwyer Arena is a 1,400-seat hockey rink on Niagara University 's campus in Lewiston , New York , USA .
Chahal Mirap ( Persian : چهل ميرپ‎ , also Romanized as Chahal Mīrap ; also known as Ārk Mellī Tandūreh ) is a village in Takab Rural District , in the Central District of Dargaz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Rantoul National Aviation Center ( ICAO : KTIP , FAA LID : TIP ) , also known as Frank Elliott Field , is a public - use airport located in Rantoul , a village in Champaign County , Illinois , United States .
Located in Salem , Massachusetts and owned by the Peabody Essex Museum the Cotting - Smith Assembly House was built in 1782 and is located at 138 Federal Street in the Federal Street District .
Main - à - Dieu ( population 240 ) is a community located in Nova Scotia 's Cape Breton Regional Municipality .
Churt is a village and civil parish in the borough of Waverley in Surrey , England .
Colorado Bend State Park is a 5,328.3-acre ( 2,156 ha ) Texas state park in the Hill Country region .
Castanheiras ( Portuguese meaning chestnut ) is a municipality located in the Brazilian state of Rondônia .
The Shepard Company Building is an historic building at 259 Westminster Mall , 72 - 92 Washington Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
Perumpazhuthoor is a village on the shores of Neyyar River , about 3 km away from the taluk municipality of Neyyattinkara in Thiruvananthapuram district in the Indian state of Kerala .
Shurnukh ( Armenian : Շուռնուխ ) is a village and rural community ( municipality ) in the Syunik Province of Armenia .
Redditt is an unincorporated community in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario , Canada .
Conop ( Hungarian : Konop ) is a commune located in Arad County , Romania .
San Sevaine Flats is a small area of flatland east of Cucamonga Peak in the San Gabriel Mountains in San Bernardino County , California .
The Palazzo Beneventano del Bosco is a large townhouse at Syracuse in Sicily , Italy .
Narju ( Persian : نارجو‎ , also Romanized as Nārjū ) is a village in Halil Rural District , in the Central District of Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Olshammar is a locality situated in Askersund Municipality , Örebro County , Sweden with 271 inhabitants in 2010 .
Ranmore Common is an area of wooded former common land on the North Downs , immediately northwest of Dorking in the English county of Surrey .
Erlestoke is a village and civil parish about 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) southwest of the market town of Devizes in Wiltshire , England .
Singirikudi ( Tamil : சிங்கிரிகுடி ) or Singarakudi is a revenue village in Cuddalore district of Tamil Nadu , India .
Small Point - Adam 's Cove - Blackhead - Broad Cove is a town in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador , located in the Trinity - Conception Bay District north of Carbonear .
Chenar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چنار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Kabgian District , Dana County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nanny Mountain is a mountain summit in York County in the state of South Carolina ( SC ) .
The Hillside Facility , also called the Hillside Support Facility or the Hillside Maintenance Complex , is a maintenance facility of the Long Island Rail Road ( LIRR ) in Hollis , Queens in New York City .
Ajo Peak ( O'odham : S - vepegĭ moʼokam or To : lo Vipidoḍ We : co ) is a mountain peak in southern Arizona , in the north - and - east Sonoran Desert .
Sven Hedin Glacier is a glacier north of Princess Marie Bay on central Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
Fringford is a village and civil parish in Oxfordshire , about 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) northeast of Bicester .
Stoke St Gregory is a village and civil parish in Somerset , England , situated 7 miles ( 11.3 km ) east of Taunton in the Taunton Deane district .
Craighouse ( Scottish Gaelic : Taigh na Creige ) is the main settlement on the Scottish Inner Hebridean Isle of Jura , in Argyll and Bute .
Passamaquoddy Pleasant Point Reservation , in Malecite - Passamaquoddy Sipayik , is an Indian reservation in Washington County , Maine , United States .
Dornoch Castle is situated opposite Dornoch Cathedral in the village of Dornoch , in Sutherland , Scotland , a little over 40 miles ( 64 km ) north of Inverness .
Robert S. Kerr Reservoir is located within the Cookson Hills , on the Arkansas River in Sequoyah , Le Flore , Haskell , and Muskogee counties in eastern Oklahoma , US .
The Lt . Robert Andrews House is an historic house at 428 South Bridgton Road in Bridgton , Maine , United States .
Mahmudabad Shadjerd ( Persian : محمودابادشادجرد‎ , also Romanized as Mahmūdābād Shādjerd ; also known as Mahmūdābād and Moḩammadābād ) is a village in Qomrud Rural District , in the Central District of Qom County , Qom Province , Iran .
Flamboro Speedway is a 1/3-mile semi - banked asphalt oval auto racing track in Hamilton ( Flamborough ) , Ontario .
In 2006 , a survey conducted by Halifax revealed that Seaham is the top property price increase hotspot in England and Wales as average prices rose by 172 % since 2003 .
Kremikovtsi ( Bulgarian : Кремиковци ) is an industrial district of Sofia , Bulgaria .
Bełzów ( ˈbɛu̯zuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skalbmierz , within Kazimierza County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Tuscarora Creek Historic District is a national historic district located near Martinsburg and Nollville , Berkeley County , West Virginia .
John F. Lutz Furniture Co. & Funerary is a historic building complex located at St. Lawrence , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Mohammad Ghazban ( Persian : محمدغضبان‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammad Ghaz̤bān ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sant'Agata dei Goti is a church in Rome , Italy , dedicated to the martyr Saint Agatha .
The Evil Clown of Middletown is a large outdoor sign in Middletown Township , New Jersey .
Shahrak - e Mamur ( Persian : شهرك مامور‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Māmūr ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Berkut Stadium ( Bulgarian : Стадион Беркут ) is a football stadium , located in the small village of Brestnik , in the Plovdiv Province , Bulgaria .
Mazraeh - ye Hesar ( Persian : مزرعه حصار‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ḩeşār ) is a village in Zulachay Rural District , in the Central District of Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Warszowice ( varʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłowice , within Pszczyna County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Canaveral National Seashore ( CANA ) is a National Seashore located between New Smyrna Beach and Titusville , Florida , in Volusia County and Brevard County , United States .
Curyn ( ˈt͡surɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wisznice , within Biała Podlaska County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Arjomand District ( Persian : بخش ارجمند‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Firuzkuh County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Gisborough Priory is a ruined Augustinian priory in Guisborough in the borough of Redcar and Cleveland and ceremonial county of North Yorkshire , England .
Waterbeach is a large fen - edge village located 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) north of Cambridge in Cambridgeshire in England , and forms part of the administrative district of South Cambridgeshire .
The Nith River is a river in Brant , Oxford and Perth Counties and the Regional Municipality of Waterloo in Southwestern Ontario , Canada .
The Cima Park Fire Guard Station near Douglas , Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps .
Cham - e Qahreman ( Persian : چمقهرمان‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Qahremān ; also known as Bon Tūmān - e Do ) is a village in Mamulan Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The World Athletes Monument , more commonly known as the Prince Charles Monument or Prince of Wales Monument , is a monument located in Atlanta , Georgia , United States .
Sunset Boulevard is a boulevard in the central and western part of Los Angeles County , California that stretches from Figueroa Street in Downtown Los Angeles to the Pacific Coast Highway at the Pacific Ocean .
The Greene - Durfee House ( also Greene - Durffee ) is an historic house at 1272 West Shore Road in Warwick , Rhode Island .
Walla Walla Regional Airport ( IATA : ALW , ICAO : KALW , FAA LID : ALW ) is a public airport in the western United States , located in Walla Walla County , Washington , three miles ( 5 km ) northeast of the central business district of the city of Walla Walla .
Stockland Green Hills is a major shopping centre located in East Maitland , an eastern suburb of Maitland , New South Wales , Australia .
The Mercer County Vocational School District is a countywide vocational public school district based in Trenton , serving the high school - aged population of Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
The Institut de théologie orthodoxe Saint - Serge ( St. Sergius Orthodox Theological Institute ) in Paris , France , is a private school of higher education in Orthodox theology , founded in 1925 in conformity with French legislation and the norms of European university education , accredited by the Académie de Paris .
DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Museum , also known as the DeWitt Wallace Gallery , is located in Williamsburg , Virginia , and is one of Colonial Williamsburg 's attractions .
Kovor ( pronounced ( ˈkɔːʋɔɾ ) ; German : Kaier ) is a village in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Keriq - e Bozorg ( Persian : كريق بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Kerīq - e Bozorg ; also known as Karan - e Bozorg , Karī Bozorg , and Karī - ye Bozorg ) is a village in Yurchi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Kuraim District , Nir County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Ozias Goodwin House is a historic house at 7 Jackson Avenue in the North End of Boston , Massachusetts .
Chempra is a village in Kozhikode district of Kerala state , India .
Scoby Power Plant and Dam is a historic dam and power plant located between the towns of Ashford and Concord , near Springville , New York .
Penna in Teverina is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Terni in the Italian region Umbria , located about 70 km south of Perugia and about 25 km southwest of Terni .
Qin Sakht ( Persian : قين سخت‎ , also Romanized as Qīn Sakht ) is a village in Kalashi Rural District , Kalashi District , Javanrud County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Drzazgowa Wola ( dʐazˈɡɔva ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Będków , within Tomaszów Mazowiecki County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Kardi Kola ( Persian : كارديكلا‎ , also Romanized as Kārdī Kolā ; also known as Kārdī Kolā - ye Sharqī ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Like much of the Smokies crest , Spence Field lies along the Tennessee - North Carolina border , between Blount County and Swain County .
Toorak Park is a cricket and Australian rules football arena in the Melbourne suburb of Armadale , Victoria , Australia .
Daia Română ( German : Dallendorf , Luprechttal ; Hungarian : Oláhdálya , Dálya ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Lekhtusi Radar Station ( Russian : ) is an early warning radar near Lekhtusi in Leningrad Oblast , Russia .
Dörtdivan is a town and a district in the Bolu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey .
Kalateh - ye Saqi ( Persian : كلاته ساقي‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Sāqī ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Eqbāl ) is a village in Ordughesh Rural District , Zeberkhan District , Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Similkameen Country , also referred to as the Similkameen Valley or Similkameen District , but generally referred to simply as The Similkameen or more archaically , Similkameen , is a region roughly coinciding with the basin of the river of the same name in the Southern Interior of British Columbia .
The Benjamin Franklin Holland House ( also known as The Gables or Roy Trent Gallemore House ) is a historic home in Bartow , Florida .
Compostela Valley ( Cebuano : Kawalogang Kompostela ; Filipino : Lambak ng Compostela ) is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao .
Deh - e Geluband ( Persian : ده گلوبند‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Gelūband ) is a village in Kiskan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Arts Orange County ( AOC ) is the official Orange County , California , USA arts council .
Sokolniki Gwiazdowskie ( sɔkɔlˈniki ɡvjazˈdɔfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Swarzędz , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Temple Hall is an early 19th - century Federal - style mansion and working farm near the Potomac River north of Leesburg in Loudoun County , Virginia .
Walendów ( vaˈlɛnduf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nadarzyn , within Pruszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kapālama , now often called Pālama , is a neighborhood of Honolulu , Hawaii .
Huntsville Speedway is a quarter - mile ( .402 km ) oval race track in Huntsville , Alabama .
The Traprock Important Bird Area comprises a 627 km2 tract of land in the Darling Downs region of south - eastern Queensland , Australia .
Eberz House is a historic home located in the Black Rock neighborhood of Buffalo in Erie County , New York .
Dewathang Gewog ( Dzongkha : དབེ་བ་ཐང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Samdrup Jongkhar District , Bhutan .
Xin'an County ( Chinese : 新安县 ; Pinyin : Xīn'ān Xiàn , Hakka Dialect : Sin On Yen ) is a part of Luoyang City , Henan Province , People 's Republic of China .
Seyyed Salman ( Persian : سيدسلمان‎ , also Romanized as Seyyed Salmān ; also known as Seyyed Soleymān ) is a village in Elhayi Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Chal Mian ( Persian : چالميان‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Mīān and Chāl Meyān ) is a village in Khenejin Rural District , in the Central District of Komijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Vancouver International Airport ( IATA : YVR , ICAO : CYVR ) is located on Sea Island in Richmond , British Columbia , Canada , about 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) from Downtown Vancouver .
The Sheep Hole Mountains are in the Mojave Desert , to the north of Joshua Tree National Park , in San Bernardino County , California .
Kuujjuarapik ( Inuktitut : ᑰᔾᔪᐊᕌᐱᒃ small great river ) is the southernmost northern village ( Inuit community ) at the mouth of the Great Whale River ( French : Grande Rivière de la Baleine ) on the coast of Hudson Bay in Nunavik , Quebec , Canada .
Cauldron Dome is a tuya in the Mount Cayley volcanic field , British Columbia , Canada .
Bi Bi Seyyedan ( Persian : بي بي سيدان‎ , also Romanized as Bī Bī Seyyedān ) is a village in Padena - ye Sofla Rural District , Padena District , Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
South Tryon Square is an office and retail building in Charlotte , North Carolina located at 201 and 237 South Tryon Street .
The Red Castle Museum or Assaraya Alhamra Museum ( Arabic : متحف السرايا الحمراء‎ ) , or Archaeological Museum of Tripoli , is Libya 's national museum .
Upiłka ( uˈpiu̯ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipnica , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Gholaman - e Olya ( Persian : غلامان عليا‎ , also Romanized as Gholāmān - e `` Olyā ; also known as Gholāmān ) is a village in Shurab Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 122 , in 27 families .
Circus Juventas ( formerly Circus of the Star ) is a youth performing arts circus school located in Saint Paul , Minnesota , serving youth throughout the Minneapolis--
The Sussex County Snow Belt is a microclimate snowbelt region in Sussex County , New Jersey in northwest New Jersey .
Deh Now - e Khonj ( Persian : دهنوخنج‎ , also Romanized as Deh Now - ye Khonj ; also known as Deh Now , Deh Now - e Konj , and Dehnow Khanj ) is a village in Tang - e Narak Rural District , in the Central District of Khonj County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hali Akhund ( Persian : حالي اخوند‎ , also Romanized as Ḩālī Ākhūnd ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Freeland Street School , now the University Park Campus School , is a historic school at 12 Freeland Street in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Nieczuj ( ˈɲet͡ʂui̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Burzenin , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Herburtowo ( xɛrburˈtɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieleń , within Czarnków - Trzcianka County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pancerzyn ( panˈt͡sɛʐɨn ) ( German : Panzerei ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
NRG Park ( formerly Reliant Park and Astrodomain ) is a complex in Houston , Texas , USA , named after the energy company NRG Energy .
The Netherland Inn and Complex is a historic house museum located in Kingsport , Tennessee , United States .
Boscobel is a civil parish in the east of Shropshire , England , on the border with Staffordshire .
The Ethel Wilson Harris House is a house located in what is now the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park , in San Antonio , Texas , USA .
Aragua de Barcelona ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈɾaɣwa ðe βarseˈlona ) ) is the shire town of Aragua Municipality in Anzoátegui State in Venezuela .
Zellerbach Hall is a multi - venue performance facility on the campus of the University of California , Berkeley , west of Lower Sproul Plaza .
Góra Bałdrzychowska - Kolonia ( ˈɡura bau̯dʐɨˈxɔfska kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poddębice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Nazarabad - e Eftekhar ( Persian : نظرابادافتخار‎ , also Romanized as Naz̧arābād - e Eftekhār ; also known as Naz̧arābād ) is a village in Torkaman Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Musée du Berry is a museum in Bourges .
Campagnone Common is a historic park in Lawrence , Massachusetts .
Avonbridge ( Scottish Gaelic : Droichaid Abhainne ) is a small village which lies within the Falkirk council area of Scotland .
Mohit Ab ( Persian : محيطاب‎ , also Romanized as Moḩīţ Āb ; also known as Moḩīţā ) is a village in Pol Beh Pain Rural District , Simakan District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Napoli Mergellina railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Napoli Mergellina ) serves the city and comune of Naples , in the region of Campania , Southern Italy .
Cândido Godói is a municipality of 6,641 inhabitants in the state Rio Grande do Sul , Brazil near the Argentine border , famous for the high number of twins born there .
The North Inlet - Winyah Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve , in the U.S. State of South Carolina , features the salt marshes and ocean dominated tidal creeks of the North Inlet Estuary plus the brackish waters and marshes of the adjacent Winyah Bay Estuary .
WRGR ( 102.1 FM ) is a radio station broadcasting a Classic rock format serving Tupper Lake , New York , USA .
Beef & Boards Dinner Theatre is a dinner theatre located in College Park near The Pyramids on the Northwest side of Indianapolis , Indiana .
The Joseph Hosmer House is an historic First Period house at 572 Main Street in Concord , Massachusetts .
Wieszczyczyn ( vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Schönwiesenau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dolsk , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Cefn Meiriadog ( sometimes Cefnmeriadog ) is a village and a community in Denbighshire , Wales , just south of the City of St Asaph .
The San Fernando Valley is an urbanized valley located in Los Angeles County , southern California , defined by the mountains of the Transverse Ranges circling it .
Nowa Wieś koło Duczymina ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ˈkɔwɔ dut͡ʂɨˈmina ) ( `` new village by Duczymin '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chorzele , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Jincheng ( simplified Chinese : 晋城 ; traditional Chinese : 晉城 ; pinyin : Jìnchéng ) is a prefecture - level city in the southeast of Shanxi province of north China .
Linowno ( liˈnɔvnɔ ) ( German : Woltersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Drawsko Pomorskie , within Drawsko County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Sirkaneh ( Persian : سيركانه‎ , also Romanized as Sīrkāneh and Sīrakāneh ; also known as Sīrkābeh ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Electric Lake is a large reservoir on Huntington Creek high on the east slope of the Wasatch Plateau in Utah .
The Gibson Desert , an interim Australian bioregion , covers a large dry area in the state of Western Australia and is still largely in an almost `` pristine '' state .
Sileh Sar ( Persian : سيله سر‎ , also Romanized as Sīleh Sar and Sīlahsar ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Union Church / St . Paul 's Church is a historic church building at 3 Robertsville Road in the Riverton section of Barkhamsted , Connecticut .
West Chester Boarding School for Boys , also known as Square House , is a historic boarding school and national historic district located in West Chester , Chester County , Pennsylvania .
The Beth El Cemetery is located at 4700 South 84th Street ( 84th and `` L '' Streets ) in Ralston , a city that is south of Omaha , Nebraska .
Allendorf ( Eder ) ( ) is a municipality which situated in the north west of Hesse , Germany .
Wyżnice ( vɨʐˈnit͡sɛ ) ( German : Horst ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Boulder Hills ( 82 ° 12′07``N 67 ° 11′32''W ) are a mountain range in northeastern Quttinirpaaq National Park , Ellesmere Island , Nunavut , Canada .
The Tabernacle - Fireman 's Field is a historic meeting site and picnic grounds located at Purcellville , Loudoun County , Virginia .
The Bolte Bridge is a large twin Cantilever bridge in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Qermez Cheshmeh ( Persian : قرمزچشمه‎ ) is a village in Talkh Ab Rural District , Khenejin District , Farahan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
The Jim Gatchell Memorial Museum is an American West museum in Buffalo , Wyoming , housed in a 1909 Carnegie Library building .
Dehnow - e Sarfaryab ( Persian : دهنوسرفارياب‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Sarfāryāb ; also known as Deh - e Now and Delī Deh - e Now ) is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District , Sarfaryab District , Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Little Chapel is a small chapel in Saint Andrew , Guernsey , situated in Les Vauxbelets .
Pound Lane ( Chinese : 磅巷 ) is a lane in Sheung Wan on Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Glenbervie is located in the north east of Scotland in the Howe o ' the Mearns , one mile from the village of Drumlithie and eight miles south of Stonehaven in Aberdeenshire .
Budineh ( Persian : بودينه‎ , also Romanized as Būdīneh ) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Wickhambreaux ( /ˈwɪkəmbruː/ WIK - əm - brew ) is a large semi - rural village , just off the A257 Sandwich Road , five miles from Canterbury in the county of Kent , England , United Kingdom .
Douwara is a Heavy Neolithic archaeological site of the Qaraoun culture located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) southwest of Ain Ebel in the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon .
Leisele is a small Belgian town in Alveringem near the French border with about 750 inhabitants .
The Zachariah Curtiss Houses are located at 2950 Nichols Avenue on the Farm Highway or Route 108 on the south side of Mischa Hill , and are among the oldest houses in the village of Nichols in Trumbull , Connecticut in New England .
Eleven Times Square is a 40-story , 1,100,000-square - foot ( 102,193 m2 ) LEED Gold - certified office and retail tower located on Eighth Avenue at 42nd Street in the Times Square neighborhood of Manhattan , New York City , directly across from the Port Authority Bus Terminal and immediately north of The New York Times Building .
The Lungotevere dei Mellini is the stretch of Lungotevere that links Via Vittoria Colonna to Piazza della Libertà , in the rione Prati in Rome ( Italy ) .
Aston Somerville is a small village approximately 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south of Evesham , Worcestershire , England .
The Thunderbird Motel is an Indian - themed motel that was built in 1962 along Interstate 494 and 24th Ave . in Bloomington , Minnesota , a suburb of Minneapolis .
Góra Strękowa ( ˈɡura strɛnˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WinStar World Casino and Resort is a hotel and casino located near the Oklahoma--
Otakuthon is Quebec 's largest anime convention promoting Japanese animation ( anime ) , Japanese graphic novels ( manga ) , related gaming and Japanese pop - culture ( music , cinema , television ) .
Puzeh - ye Hezar Qadami ( Persian : پوزه هزارقدمي‎ , also Romanized as Pūzeh - ye Hezār Qadamī ) is a village in Mobarakabad Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Jamepally is a village in Nalgonda district in ( Telangana ) , India .
McLoud High School is a public secondary school located in Pottawatomie County in the town of McLoud , Oklahoma .
Karjij ( Persian : كارجيج‎ , also Romanized as Kārjīj ) is a village in Rivand Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Dong'e County falls under the jurisdiction of Liaocheng Prefecture - level city , in the Shandong Province of China .
East Park Dam is an agricultural irrigation dam and reservoir built by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , on Little Stony Creek , about 30 miles ( 48 km ) southwest of Orland , California on the northern end of the Californian Central Valley .
Zalemi ( Persian : ظالمي‎ , also Romanized as Z̧ālemī ) is a village in Ala - e Marvdasht Rural District , Ala - e Marvdasht District , Lamerd County , Fars Province , Iran .
Fareless Square was an area within central Portland , Oregon , where all rides on TriMet buses and light rail and the Portland Streetcar were free .
Horalpatti is a village in Hayaghat block in Darbhanga district of Bihar , India .
The Passagassawakeag River ( /pæsəɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pas - uh - gas - uh - WAH - keg or /pəˌsɑːɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pa - SAH - ga - suh - WAH - keg ) is a 16-mile - long ( 26 km ) river in Waldo County , Maine in the United States .
Khaftar ( Persian : خافتر‎ , also Romanized as Khāftar ; also known as Khāftarak ) is a village in Rahgan Rural District , Khafr District , Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Blackfen is a largely residential area of south - east London within the London Borough of Bexley .
Shaban Kosh ( Persian : شبانكش‎‎ , also Romanized as Shabān Kosh ; also known as Shabān Kosh - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 75 , in 15 families .
Moriah War Memorial College ( or more commonly , Moriah College ) is an Australian independent , Modern Orthodox Jewish , co - educational , day school that is located in Queens Park , an eastern suburb of Sydney , New South Wales .
Riverside Museum at Blake 's Lock is a museum located at Blake 's Lock in the town of Reading , in the English county of Berkshire .
The Hoher Tenn , formerly also called the Hochtenn , is a double - peaked mountain in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg .
Takdarkhat ( Persian : تكدرخت‎ ) is a village in Gudarzi Rural District , Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Kamieniska ( kamjɛˈniska ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Capellen ( Luxembourgish : Kapellen : Kap / Kapellen , German : Kapellen ) is a town in the commune of Mamer , in south - western Luxembourg , 12 km west of Luxembourg City .
Freeman Creek Grove ( also known as Lloyd Meadow Grove ) is a grove of giant sequoias located in Giant Sequoia National Monument in the Sierra Nevada in eastern California .
Ranajabad ( Persian : رنج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ranajābād ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Uggeshall is a village in Suffolk , England , located approximately 6 miles ( 10 km ) south of Beccles and 4 miles ( 6½km ) north east of Halesworth close to the A145 .
The Cecil Ferry is a ferry that operates in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan east of Prince Albert , Saskatchewan .
The former Seneca Army Depot occupied 10,587 acres ( 43 km² ) between Seneca Lake and Cayuga Lake in Seneca County , New York .
Rocca dei Rettori ( also known as Castle of Manfredi ) is a castle in Benevento , southern Italy .
Stadion am Gesundbrunnen was a multi - use stadium in the Gesundbrunnen locality of Berlin , Germany .
Puttad is a small village in KoyilandyTaluk near Perambra in Kozhikode district , Kerala , India .
The Appleton Building occupied the front of a small block which was bounded by Broadway ( Manhattan ) , Leonard Street , and Catharine Alley in New York City .
Victoria Peak ( Chinese : 太平山 , or previously Chinese : 扯旗山 ) is a mountain in the western half of Hong Kong Island .
Malay - e Anbar ( Persian : ملاي انبار‎ , also Romanized as Malāy - e Ānbār ; also known as Malā - ye Anbār and Moleh - ye Anbār ) is a village in Somghan Rural District , Chenar Shahijan District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Eldersloo is a village in the Netherlands and is part of the Aa en Hunze municipality in Drenthe .
Helen Delich Bentley Port of Baltimore is a shipping port along the shores and branches of the Patapsco River in Baltimore , Maryland .
Dudeldorf Castle ( German : Burg Dudeldorf ) is the most important monument in the parish of Dudeldorf in the district of Bitburg - Prüm in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Kuri Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كورئ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Gubity ( ɡuˈbitɨ ) ( German Gubitten ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Morąg , within Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Geravian - e Sofla ( Persian : گراويان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gerāvīān - e Soflá and Gerāveyān - e Soflá ; also known as Gerāvīān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Gilan - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Friends Meeting House , Come - to - Good , is a meeting house of the Society of Friends , on the southern border of the parish of Kea , near Truro in Cornwall .
Bull Shoals Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the White River in northern Arkansas in the United States .
Three Holes Cross is a crossroads on the A39 trunk road approximately 2 miles east of Wadebridge , Cornwall , United Kingdom at grid reference SX 012 736 .
The Robert W. Gardner House in Quincy , Illinois , Adams County , is designed in the Second Empire style ( along with a few elements common to Italianate style ) and found its place among the locales on the National Register of Historic Places on April 20 , 1979 .
The changes happened in the new generation of Kerala has the same effect in Nadammal Poyil also .
Yarom Qayah ( Persian : يارمقيه‎ , also Romanized as Yārom Qayah and Yārom Qayeh ; also known as Yāramgiya ) is a village in Pish Khowr Rural District , Pish Khowr District , Famenin County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Yonkers High School is located in Yonkers , New York , US , and offers the International Baccalaureate program of studies .
Chukar Ebrahim ( Persian : چوكارابراهيم‎ , also Romanized as Chūkār Ebrāhīm ) is a village in Chamsangar Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Dippenhall is a rural hamlet in the civil parish of Crondall in the Waverley district of Surrey , England .
Beihu District ( simplified Chinese : 北湖区 ; traditional Chinese : 北湖區 ; pinyin : Běihú Qū ) is one of two districts of Chenzhou , Hunan province , China .
Czaplów ( ˈt͡ʂapluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bieliny , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Rideau Falls are two waterfalls located in Ottawa , Canada where the Rideau River empties into the Ottawa River .
Myron and Sonya Glassberg Family Conservation Area is a 429-acre ( 1.74 km2 ) protected area in northwestern Jefferson County , Missouri .
Langendreer - Alter Bahnhof is a statistical area of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Aghalee ( from Irish : Achadh Lí , meaning `` field of calves '' ) is a village , townland and civil parish in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Dalborowice ( dalbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Dalbersdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dziadowa Kłoda , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ash Vale is a village in the borough of Guildford in Surrey , England and the larger , northern settlement of the civil parish of Ash .
Hudson Square is a neighborhood in Lower Manhattan , New York City approximately bounded by West Houston Street to the north , Canal Street to the south , Sixth Avenue ( Avenue of the Americas ) to the east and the Hudson River to the west .
Michałów - Reginów ( miˈxawuf rɛˈɡinuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wieliszew , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Tuczno Pierwsze ( ˈtut͡ʂnɔ ˈpjɛrfʂɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Tuczno , within Wałcz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Islaz is a commune in southern Romania , located in the southwestern Teleorman County , 10 km west of Turnu Măgurele .
The Larcom Theatre is located on Wallis Street in Beverly , Massachusetts and offers concerts , theatrical productions and comedy presented by gimmeLIVE and Spectacle Management .
The I. and E. Greenwald Steam Engine No . 1058 is a historic stationary steam engine or mill engine in Miami , Florida .
Bishop Ward High School is a private , coed , Roman Catholic high school in Kansas City , Kansas , United States .
Bendigo School of Mines and Industries ( the name used from 1883 to 1959 ) was located in Bendigo , Victoria , Australia and was established in 1873 as the Bendigo School of Mines .
Derakht - e Jowz ( Persian : درختجوز‎ , also Romanized as Derakht Jowz ) is a village in Firuzeh Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzeh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Delicious Orchards is a farm and country food market located in Colts Neck , New Jersey .
The Mount Weather Emergency Operations Center is a civilian command facility in the U.S. Commonwealth of Virginia , used as the center of operations for the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) .
Båsmoen is a small village located in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county , Norway .
Mount Ansel Adams is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California .
Known by a variety of names over its 101-year existence , Rocky Glen Park was a park near Moosic , Pennsylvania , USA .
The Museum of New Zealand Te Papa Tongarewa is the national museum and art gallery of New Zealand , located in Wellington .
Chapecó is a major city in the western area of the state of Santa Catarina , Brazil , located 630 km west of Florianópolis , the capital of the state .
Pozzol Groppo is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Alessandria in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) east of Turin and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Alessandria .
The McGees Mills Covered Bridge is a historic Burr truss wooden covered bridge located near Mahaffey , Clearfield County , Pennsylvania , United States .
High West ( Chinese : 西高山 ) is a mountain in Hong Kong Island , Hong Kong .
Ione , Nevada is a ghost town in Nye County , Nevada , located approximately 23 miles east of Gabbs , Nevada .
The Kaasgrabenkirche , also known as the Wallfahrtskirche `` Mariä Schmerzen '' , is a Roman Catholic parish and pilgrimage church in the suburb of Grinzing in the 19th district of Vienna , Döbling .
Baca Municipality ( In the Yucatec Maya Language : `` water in the shape of a horn '' ) is one of the 106 municipalities in the Mexican state of Yucatán containing ( 118.78 km2 ) of land and located roughly 32 km east of the city of Mérida .
Skarrild , Denmark is a village ( Danish : landsby ) in Herning Municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Central Denmark Region ( Danish , Region Midtjylland ) , a part of the Jutland peninsula in northern Denmark .
Langendreer is the most populous district of the city of Bochum in the Ruhr area in Germany .
The Bemm River is a perennial river , located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria .
Samphrey ( Old Norse : Sandfriðarey ) is an uninhabited island in the Shetland Islands , Scotland .
Roos - n - More Zoo is a privately owned and operated non - profit zoo in Moapa , Nevada , about an hour northeast of the Strip .
Holne is a village and civil parish on the southeastern slopes of Dartmoor in Devon , England .
Pähkinärinne ( Hasselbacken in Swedish ) is a suburb in Western Vantaa , in Finland .
Manzanita Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island , one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska .
Palazzo dei Diamanti is a Renaissance - style palace located on Corso Ercole I d'Este 21 in Ferrara , region of Emilia Romagna , Italy .
Terdal ( Kannada ತೇರದಾಳ ) is a Municipal town in Bagalkot district in the Indian state of Karnataka .
Yanticaw Park is an Essex County - owned park in Nutley , New Jersey .
Lake Meredith is a reservoir formed by Sanford Dam on the Canadian River at Sanford , Texas .
Virginia City Historic District is a National Historic Landmark encompassing the former mining villages of Virginia City and Gold Hill , both in Storey County , as well as Dayton and Silver City , both to the south in adjacent Lyon County , Nevada , United States .
The Mesa J mine is an iron ore mine located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia , 16 kilometres south - west of Pannawonica .
The Nuestra Señora de Gracia Parish Church ( Spanish : Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de Gracia ) is a Roman Catholic church in the town of Palomas , Badajoz , Extremadura , western Spain .
Bolvadin ( Ancient Greek : Πολύβοτον/Πολύβοτος and Latin : Polybotum / Polybotus ) is a city and district of Afyonkarahisar Province in Turkey .
Asb - e Marz ( Persian : اسب مرز‎ ) is a village in the Central District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Paulina Lake Guard Station is a Forest Service building located in the Newberry National Volcanic Monument in Central Oregon .
Anhaux ( Basque : Anhauze ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France in the former province of Lower Navarre .
Dongguocun ( simplified Chinese : 东郭村 ; traditional Chinese : 東郭村 ; pinyin : Dōngguōcūn ) is a town of Qiaodong District in the southern outskirts of Xingtai , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
Incheh Rahbari ( Persian : اينچه رهبري‎ , also Romanized as Īncheh Rahbarī ; also known as Īncheh ' ) is a village in Ijrud - e Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Ijrud County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Grand Valley State University ( commonly referred to as GVSU , GV , or Grand Valley ) is a public liberal arts university located in Allendale , Michigan , United States .
Darleyford ( Cornish : Rys Dowr Legh , meaning ford of the rock slab river ) is a hamlet in the parish of Linkinhorne in Cornwall , UK .
The Jeebropilly Mine is an open pit coal mine in the Moreton Basin near Amberley in South East Queensland .
Garsevareh ( Persian : گرسواره‎ , also Romanized as Garsevāreh ) is a village in Charam Rural District , in the Central District of Charam County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Nurd ( Persian : نورد‎ , also Romanized as Nūrd ) is a village in Anarestan Rural District , Riz District , Jam County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Novi Strilyshcha ( Ukrainian : Нові Стрілища , formerly Polish : Strzeliska Nowe ) is an urban - type settlement in Zhydachiv Raion , Lviv Oblast ( region ) of western Ukraine .
P.J. Hoffmaster State Park is a state park along Lake Michigan located at the southwest corner of Norton Shores , in the U.S. state of Michigan in Muskegon County and the northwest corner of Spring Lake Township in Ottawa County .
Moolimangalam is a small urban area located in Karur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
Eartha is the world 's largest rotating and revolving globe , located within the headquarters of the DeLorme mapping corporation in Yarmouth , Maine .
Plateaux District is a district located in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Jokela railway station ( Finnish : Jokelan rautatieasema , Swedish : Jokela järnvägsstation ) is located in Tuusula , Finland , 48 km to the north of Helsinki Central railway station .
Rivanazzano Terme ( Lombard : La Riva ; known simply as Rivanazzano before 30 July 2009 ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pavia in the Italian region Lombardy .
Sadabad - e Sofla ( Persian : سعدابادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sa``dābād - e Soflá ; also known as Sa``dābād ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bam County , Kerman Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 27 , in 10 families .
Cambria Public Library Building , also known as Carnegie Public Library , is a historic library building located at Johnstown , Cambria County , Pennsylvania .
Rybnica Leśna ( rɨbˈnit͡sa ˈlɛɕna ) ( German : Reimswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mieroszów , within Wałbrzych County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Bezerros ( Calves ) ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( biˈzeʁus ) ) is a municipality in northeastern Brazil , in the State of Pernambuco , near the city of Gravatá .
Hrabova ( Ukrainian : Грабова ) is a village ( selo ) in Busk Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Przysucha County ( Polish : powiat przysuski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Masovian Voivodeship , east - central Poland .
The Kent Museum of Freemasonry , is a museum in St Peters Place , Canterbury , Kent with a rare collection of masonic exhibits of national and international importance .
Setamiyeh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : سطاميه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Setāmīyeh - ye Kūchek ; also known as Sattamiyeh and Settāmīyeh ) is a village in Esmailiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Peel Art Gallery , Museum and Archives ( PAMA ) is a museum , art gallery , and archives for the Peel Region , located in Brampton , Ontario , Canada .
The Mount Montgomery State Reserve is a state reserve in the Dial Range of northwest Tasmania .
Eastwood Village , formerly Eastwood Mall , was a shopping mall located in Birmingham , Alabama , United States .
Willaura is a town in western Victoria , Australia in the Rural City of Ararat local government area , 231 kilometres ( 144 mi ) west of the state capital , Melbourne .
Quincy National Cemetery is a small United States National Cemetery located in the city of Quincy , in Adams County , Illinois .
Brunots Island Race Track was a one - mile dirt oval on Brunot Island in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Rossocha ( rɔsˈsɔxa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rawa Mazowiecka , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Sarkamar - e Barzian ( Persian : سركمربرزيان‎ , also Romanized as Sarkamar - e Barzīān ; also known as Barzīān ) is a village in Kafsh Kanan Rural District , in the Central District of Bahmai County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Rural Municipality of Fox Valley No . 171 , Saskatchewan was originally called Keebleville and is now named Fox Valley No . 171 as of November 27 , 1926 The original founding date of Keebleville was October 29 , 1913
Skinner Tavern , also known as Skinner 's Inn , Halfway Hotel , Western Inn , and Geyer Hotel , is a historic inn and tavern located at Letterkenny Township in Franklin County , Pennsylvania .
BallenIsles is a residential community and equity club located in Palm Beach Gardens , Florida .
Itissaalik ( old spelling : Itivsâlik , also Itussaalik ) is a former settlement in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland .
KRLY - LP is a low power FM radio station broadcasting on 107.9 MHz in Alpine , California .
Cowboy Hill is an Oklahoma Historic Site located on a bluff overlooking the Salt Fork of the Arkansas river in Kay County , Oklahoma .
The Dundee Dell is a locally and nationally famous bar and restaurant in the Dundee area of Omaha , Nebraska .
Varzaq Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ورزق‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Faridan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Kimberley Road ( 金巴利道 ) is a road in Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon , Hong Kong .
The Toutunhe District ( Pinyin : Tóutúnhé Qū ; Uyghur : تۇدۇڭخابا رايونى‎ , ULY : Tudungxaba Rayoni , UYY : Tudunghaba Rayoni ? ) is a district within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Ürümqi City .
The Bjälbo Runestones are three Viking Age memorial runestones , one of which has been lost , located at Bjälbo , which is a village in Mjölby Municipality , Östergötland , Sweden .
The Eli M. Oboler Library serves the students and faculty of Idaho State University , as well as the local community of Pocatello , Idaho .
Taïm is an Israeli vegetarian restaurant located at 45 Spring Street ( on the corner of Mulberry Street ) , in NoLita in Manhattan , New York City .
Stuart Powell Field ( ICAO : KDVK , FAA LID : DVK ) is a public - use airport located 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) south of the central business district of Danville , a city in Boyle County , Kentucky , United States .
Hochheideturm is a 59 metre high observation tower , with a completely glassed prospect platform on 831 metres high , located in Ettelsberg , Germany , near Willingen .
Sakori or Sakuri is a small village in the Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra State , India , about 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) south of Shirdi .
Krawieczyn ( kraˈvjɛt͡ʂɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bodzanów , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Humboldt Senior High School is a public high school located in Saint Paul , Minnesota which serves students in grades 6 - 12 .
Angra dos Reis ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈɐ̃ɡɾɐ duʒ ˈʁejʃ ) ) is a Brazilian municipality located in the southern part of Rio de Janeiro state .
Jhajhar is a village , situated in the erstwhile province of Shekhawati of Rajasthan , India .
The East Holliston Historic District encompasses an area of early colonial settlement and later development in Holliston , Massachusetts .
Karkala ( kaːrkəɭɐ ) is a town and the headquarters of Karkala taluk in the Udupi district of Karnataka , India .
KRFF - LP ( 95.9 FM ) is a non - profit low power radio station broadcasting in Fargo , North Dakota ( licensed to serve the community of Moorhead , Minnesota ) , airing an Alternative format .
Shahrak - e Shahid Montazeri ( Persian : شهرك شهيدمنتظري‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Shahīd Montaz̧erī ; also known as Shahrak - e Shahīd Moḩammad Montaz̧erī ) is a village in Mahmudabad Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mekliganj ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) is part of No . 3 Jalpaiguri ( Lok Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) .
Costa Rei is a frazione of the comune of Muravera in southern Sardinia .
Domysłów ( dɔˈmɨswuf ) ( German : Dannenberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wolin , within Kamień County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Genayit ( Persian : گنائيت‎ , also Romanized as Genāyīt ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Przybrodzin ( pʂɨˈbrɔd͡ʑin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Powidz , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Bagh - e Baghan ( Persian : باغ باغان‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Bāghān ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Thorpe Bay is an affluent area within the Borough of Southend - on - Sea in Essex , England , located on the Thames Estuary .
Grassy Lake Dam is a small dam operated by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation in Teton County , Wyoming , immediately to the south of Yellowstone National Park .
Kelvedon Hatch is a village and civil parish in the Borough of Brentwood in south Essex , England .
Dünsberg is a hill slightly northwest of Gießen in Hesse , Germany .
Belleisle Bay is a fjord - like branch of the Saint John River in the Canadian province of New Brunswick .
Khodad ( Marathi : खोडद ) , is a town in the Pune district of Maharashtra state , India .
Dowtujahan ( Persian : دوتوجهان‎ , also Romanized as Dowtūjahān ; also known as Dotūjahān ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Srivilliputhur is a semi - urban town and a municipality in Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
North Manitou Island is located in Lake Michigan , approximately 12 miles ( 19 km ) west - northwest of Leland , Michigan .
Papoose Lake is a dry lake bed located in Lincoln County , Nevada , USA .
Pazen Ab ( Persian : پازن اب‎ , also Romanized as Pāzen Āb ) is a village in Shahi Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sanmenxia ( simplified Chinese : 三门峡 ; traditional Chinese : 三門峽 ; pinyin : Sānménxiá ; postal : Sanmenhsia ) is a prefecture - level city in western Henan Province , China .
The Cambridge Center for Adult Education ( CCAE ) , a non - profit corporation in Cambridge , Massachusetts , has been teaching adult education courses at 42 Brattle Street since taking over the building from the Cambridge Social Union in 1938 .
Antri is a village in Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh , India , lying 122 kilometres ( 76 mi ) south of Agra , and 423 kilometres ( 263 mi ) north of Bhopal , the state capital .
Gardanbori - ye Sofla ( Persian : گردن بري سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gardanborī - ye Soflá ; also known as Pā’īn Gardan Borī ) is a village in Karipey Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Johansen Expressway ( formally , the Woodrow Johansen Expressway ) is an approximately 4.5-mile - long ( 7.2 km ) expressway in Fairbanks , Alaska .
The Province of Bergamo ( Italian : provincia di Bergamo ; Bergamasque : proìnsa de Bèrghem ) is a province in the Lombardy region of Italy .
Free Library and Reading Room - Williamstown Memorial Library , is located in The Williamstown section of Monroe Township , in Gloucester County , New Jersey , United States .
The Stock Exchange Luncheon Club was a members - only dining club , on the seventh floor of the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) at 11 Wall Street in Manhattan .
J. Kurtz and Sons Store Building is a historic commercial building located in the Jamaica section of the New York City borough of Queens .
Nine Peaks is a mountain featuring numerous peaks on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 40 km ( 25 mi ) northeast of Tofino and 4 km ( 2 mi ) southeast of Big Interior Mountain .
Dokka is the administrative centre of Nordre Land municipality , in Oppland county , Norway .
The Ogoki River is a river in the Thunder Bay and Cochrane Districts of Ontario .
YMCA Camp Minikani is a residential summer camp located along the shores of Lake Amy Belle in Hubertus , Wisconsin , in Washington County , Wisconsin , United States .
Constitution Island is located in the Hudson River , just south of Cold Spring , Putnam County , New York .
The Bon Secours Wellness Arena ( formerly the Bi - Lo Center ) is an arena located in downtown Greenville , South Carolina that is used for concerts , football , and hockey .
Parr 's Ridge is a ridge which forms the summit of the Piedmont Plateau region in the U.S. state of Maryland .
Drover 's Tavern , also known as Travelers ' & Drovers ' Tavern , is a historic brick building in Oran , New York .
Wałkowa ( vau̯ˈkɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Milicz , within Milicz County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Hyatt Regency Rochester is a Hyatt hotel and skyscraper located in Rochester , New York .
Puerto Concordia ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpweɾto koŋˈkoɾðja ) ) is a town and municipality in the Meta Department , Colombia .
Randolph College is a private liberal arts and sciences college located in Lynchburg , Virginia , United States .
Olszanowo ( ɔlʂaˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczenica , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Platt Technical High School , or Platt Tech , is a technical high school located in semi - rural northern Milford , Connecticut .
Injangyang Township ( also Njangyang Township ; Burmese : အင်ဂျန်းယန်မြို့နယ် ) is a township of Myitkyina District in the Kachin State of Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Lakhlan is a community of eight villages in Behal sub tehsil of Loharu tehsil , Bhiwani district , Haryana state , India .
Laurelhurst Theater is a movie theater located in the Kerns neighborhood in northeast Portland , Oregon .
Ay Naz ( Persian : اي ناز‎ , also Romanized as Āy Nāz ) is a village in Miankuh - e Moguyi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Choqa Balk - e Alireza ( Persian : چقابلك عليرضا‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Balk - e `` Alīreẕā ) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District , Mahidasht District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 257 , in 56 families .
Cisnădie ( Romanian pronunciation : ( t͡ʃisnəˈdi.e ) ; German : Heltau ; Transylvanian Saxon dialect : Hielt ; Hungarian : Nagydisznód ) is a town in Sibiu County , Transylvania , Romania located approximately 10 km from Sibiu .
The David and Elizabeth Bell Boldman House was a private house located at 3339 Canton Center Road near Sheldon in Canton Township , Michigan .
Smiths Hill Fort was a fort at North Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
Carapelle is a town and comune belonging to the Province of Foggia and situated in the Apulia region of southern Italy .
Disentis ( German ) or Mustér ( ( muˈʃteː ) , Romansh ) , with its official name Disentis / Mustér is a village and a municipality in the district of Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden .
Jisa - ye Kelarabad ( Persian : جيساكلاراباد‎ , also Romanized as Jīsā - ye Kelārābād ; also known a sJīsā - ye Pā’īn and Jīsā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Kelarabad Rural District , Kelarabad District , Abbasabad County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Yeshivat Har Etzion ( YHE ) ( Hebrew : ישיבת הר עציון ) , commonly known as `` Gush , '' is a Hesder Yeshiva located in Alon Shvut , an Israeli settlement in Gush Etzion in the West Bank , near Jerusalem , Israel .
Xeraco is separated from the neighbouring beach resorts of Gandia and Cullera by the Ríu Vaca and swamp land containing Spain 's largest native population of Hippobotomi .
Albert , Oklahoma is an unincorporated place in Caddo County , Oklahoma , United States .
Wojewodza ( vɔjɛˈvɔd͡za ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bielawy , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Automotive Building , which houses the Allstream Centre , is a heritage building at Exhibition Place in Toronto , Canada , containing event and conference space .
The Wissinger Laber is the right headwater of the Breitenbrunner Laber on the Franconian Jura in Bavaria , Germany .
Acton Regional County Municipality is a regional county municipality located in the Montérégie region of Quebec .
Dumraon Tola is a village near Jagdishpur ( Bhojpur ) Bihar , India .
The San Gorgonio Inn was Banning , California 's first hotel and was built by George W. Bryant and C. W. Filkins .
The Anthony J. Celebrezze Federal Building ( also known as the Federal Office Building , the Celebrezze Building , or the Federal Building for short ) is a skyscraper located in downtown Cleveland , Ohio .
The Waddington Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Salmchâteau is a village in the municipality of Vielsalm , located in the Belgian province of Luxembourg .
Chungthang subdivision is one of the two sub - districts of North Sikkim district , in the state of Sikkim , India .
Alvignano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Caserta in the Italian region Campania , located about 45 kilometres ( 28 mi ) north of Naples and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Caserta , at the foot of the Monti Trebulani .
Hkusam Mountain is a mountain on the northeast coast of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , located 10 km ( 6 mi ) southeast of Sayward and 36 km ( 22 mi ) northeast of Victoria Peak .
Bradford Regional Airport ( IATA : BFD , ICAO : KBFD , FAA LID : BFD ) is a public use airport located 10 nautical miles ( 19 km ) south of the central business district of Bradford , in McKean County , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Seth Adams House is a historic house located at 72 Jewett Street , in the village of Newton Corner , in Newton , Massachusetts .
The Real Fuerza de Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Zaragoza ( Royal Fort of Our Lady of the Pillar of Zaragoza ) also Fort Pilar is a 17th - century military defense fortress built by the Spanish colonial government in Zamboanga City , Philippines .
Cheshmeh Sardu ( Persian : چشمه سردو‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Sardū ) is a village in Mashayekh Rural District , Doshman Ziari District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Podbrzozówka ( pɔdbʐɔˈzufka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Katannilik Territorial Park Reserve ( `` the place of waterfalls '' ) is a territorial park in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Lati Jun ( Persian : لتي جون‎ , also Romanized as Latī Jūn ) is a village in Firuzjah Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cheshmeh Adineh ( Persian : چشمه آدينه‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh Ādīneh ) is a village in Pir Taj Rural District , Chang Almas District , Bijar County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Martineau Place is a shopping centre located in the city centre of Birmingham , England .
Steklinko ( stɛˈklinkɔ ) ( formerly German Bayershöhe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Kajny ( ˈkai̯nɨ ) ( German : Kainen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jonkowo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hiram Griggs House is a historic home located in the vicinity of Altamont in Albany County , New York .
The Hayes Mansion is a hotel resort in San Jose , California , United States .
Shek Ngau Chau ( Chinese : 石牛洲 ) is an uninhabited island of Hong Kong , under the administration of Tai Po District .
Charkheh Bayan ( Persian : چرخه بيان‎ , also Romanized as Charkheh Bayān , Charkheh Beyān , Charkheh Biyān , and Charkheh - ye Bayān ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Kietlanka ( kʲɛˈtlanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaręby Kościelne , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gowhar Gush ( Persian : گوهرگوش‎ , also Romanized as Gowhar Gūsh ; also known as Gowhar Gūsh - e Kāz̧emābād ) is a village in Mirbag - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Fort Myers Senior High School ( also known as `` FMHS '' ) is a public school in Fort Myers , Florida .
The Jersey City and Bergen Point Plank Road was a road in the 19th century in Hudson County , New Jersey , United States which ran between Paulus Hook and Bergen Point .
The Old Haines City National Guard Armory ( also known as the Community Center of Northeast Polk County , Inc. ) is a historic site in Haines City , Florida .
KDHX is an independent , non - commercial , listener - supported community radio station in St. Louis , Missouri , United States located at 88.1 MHz FM offering a full spectrum of music along with cultural and public affairs programming since 1987 .
Cape Fear Museum of History and Science is a museum located at 814 Market Street in downtown Wilmington in southeastern North Carolina .
Sekher - e Olya ( Persian : سخرعليا‎ , also Romanized as Sekher - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 266 , in 53 families .
The Little Manatee River flows almost 40 miles ( 64 km ) , from east of Fort Lonesome , Florida through southern Hillsborough County , Florida and northern Manatee County , Florida into Tampa Bay .
Deh Tuk ( Persian : دهتوك‎ , also Romanized as Deh Tūk ; also known as Deh Tūg ) is a village in Rahdar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Lehman Orchard and Aqueduct were established by Absalom Lehman , the discoverer of Lehman Caves in what would become Great Basin National Park in eastern Nevada .
Anime Central ( ACen ) is an annual three day anime convention held during April / May at the Hyatt Regency O'Hare & Donald E. Stephens Convention Center in Rosemont , Illinois .
Ahryansko ( Bulgarian : Ахрянско ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Meydavud - e Vosta ( Persian : ميداودوسطي‎ , also Romanized as Meydāvūd - e Vosţá ) is a village in Meydavud Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Caistor is a town and civil parish situated in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
The Mauna Loa Observatory ( MLO ) is an atmospheric baseline station on Mauna Loa , on the island of Hawaii .
The remains of Burleigh Castle are located just outside the village of Milnathort , 1.5 miles north of Kinross , in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
São João das Lampas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w̃ ʒuˈɐ̃w̃ dɐʃ ˈlɐ̃pɐʃ ) ) is a former civil parish in the municipality of Sintra , Lisbon District , Portugal .
The Allen County Public Library ( ACPL ) is a public library system located in Fort Wayne , Allen County , Indiana , United States .
Sierra - at - Tahoe is a ski and snowboard resort in Twin Bridges , California south of Lake Tahoe .
Agincourt Collegiate Institute ( known locally as ACI or Agincourt ) is a secondary school located in Agincourt , a neighbourhood in the Scarborough area of Toronto , Ontario owned and operated by the Toronto District School Board that was sanctioned by the Scarborough Board of Education prior to merger in 1998 .
Woodlawn railway station is situated beside a level crossing on the R359 regional road in the village of Woodlawn in County Galway .
Porzeziny - Giętki ( pɔʐɛˈʑinɨ ˈɡʲɛntki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grodzisk , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hlaingthaya Township ( Burmese : လှိုင်သာယာ မြို့နယ် , pronounced : ( l̥àiɴθàjà mjo̰nɛ̀ ) ; also spelt Hlaing Tharyar Township ) is located in the western part of Yangon , Myanmar .
Brodzięcin ( brɔˈd͡ʑent͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ojrzeń , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gunawanti is a small village around 10 kilometers away from Honavar , Uttara Kannada , Karnataka .
Wind River Peak ( 13,197 feet ( 4,022 m ) ) is the highest point in the southern end of the Wind River Range that is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming .
Ohiopyle State Park is a Pennsylvania state park on 19,052 acres ( 7,710 ha ) in Dunbar , Henry Clay and Stewart Townships , Fayette County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Glenorchy Parish Church is a congregation of the Church of Scotland in the village of Dalmally , Argyll and Bute , Scotland .
South Woodham Ferrers is a town and civil parish in the borough of Chelmsford , in the English county of Essex .
The Valley and Siletz Railroad ( VS ) is a 40.6-mile ( 65.3 km ) defunct railroad located in Polk and Benton counties in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Murrayfield Stadium ( known as BT Murrayfield Stadium for sponsorship reasons , or usually just known as Murrayfield ) is a sports stadium located in the west end of Edinburgh , the capital of Scotland .
D'Youville Academy is a historic school building and nunnery located at Plattsburgh in Clinton County , New York .
Laupheim Air Base ( German : Militärflugplatz Laupheim , ICAO : ETHL ) is located close to the city of Laupheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Panix Pass or Panixer Pass ( Romansh : Pass dil Veptga , German : Panixerpass ) ( el . 2404 m. ) is a Swiss Alpine pass between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden .
Bylong Valley Way is a New South Wales country road linking the Golden Highway near Sandy Hollow to the Castlereagh Highway near Ilford .
Tau Devi Lal Stadium is a multi - purpose sports complex located in Gurgaon within the state of Haryana , India .
Humphrey Coliseum is a 10,575-seat multi - purpose arena in Starkville , Mississippi , that opened for the 1975 - 76 basketball season .
The border between Germany and Austria runs over the summit of the Second Schafalpenkopf , simultaneously separating the federal states of Bavaria and Vorarlberg .
Healy Clean Coal Project is a clean coal technology demonstration program consisting of a coal fired electrical power station located in Healy , Alaska in Denali Borough .
Drumnadrochit ( Scottish Gaelic , Druim na Drochaid ) is a village in the Highland local government council area of Scotland , lying on the west shore of Loch Ness , at the foot of Glen Urquhart .
Charleston Southern University , founded in 1964 as Baptist College , is an independent comprehensive university located in North Charleston , South Carolina .
KTCC ( 91.9 FM , `` T-92 '' ) is a radio station licensed to serve Colby , Kansas , USA .
The Tomaga River , an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream , is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales , Australia .
Stewartstown Engine House , Stewartstown Railroad is a historic railroad engine house located at Stewartstown , York County , Pennsylvania .
The construction of Matilo therefore immediately followed the Batavian Rebellion in 69 and as such played an important role in restoring order to the province of Germania Inferior .
Eden High School , also known simply as Eden , is a co - educational , public secondary school in St. Catharines , Ontario , Canada .
The Crown King Ranger Station near the top of Crown King Mountain in area of Crown King , Arizona was built in 1934 by the Civilian Conservation Corps .
Camp White Pine is a traditional Summer camp for boys and girls aged 7 to 16 , located in Haliburton , Ontario .
Hatherop is a village and civil parish in the Cotswolds Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty , about 2.5 miles ( 4.0 km ) north of Fairford in Gloucestershire .
Badharlick ( Cornish : Bos Harlek , meaning Harlek 's dwelling ) is a hamlet in the parish of Egloskerry , Cornwall , situated half way between the villages of Tregeare and Egloskerry .
South Wootton is a village and civil parish in the English county of Norfolk , approximately 2 miles ( 3.2 km ) north - east of King 's Lynn .
Brzozowo - Kolonia ( bʐɔˈzɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kartaz ( Persian : كرتز‎ ; also known as Kārtā and Kartar ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
WBWZ ( `` Rock 93.3 '' ) is a classic rock radio station licensed to New Paltz , New York and serving the Mid - Hudson Valley of New York state .
Darvish Saidi ( Persian : درويش سعيدي‎ , also Romanized as Darvīsh Sa``īdī ) is a village in Susan - e Gharbi Rural District , Susan District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 56 , in 11 families .
Si Phum ( Thai : ศรีภูมิ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mueang Chiang Mai District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Gavar Qaleh ( Persian : گورقلعه‎ , also Romanized as Gāvar Qal``eh ) is a village in Fuladlui Jonubi Rural District , Hir District , Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 356 , in 74 families .
The Tour de Porto ( Corsican : Torra di Portu ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Ota ( Corse - du - Sud ) on the west coast of the French island of Corsica .
Stare Koźle ( ˈstarɛ ˈkɔʑlɛ ) ( German Alt Cosel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bierawa , within Kędzierzyn - Koźle County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Franklin and Armfield Office , now known as the Freedom House Museum , is a historic commercial building at 1315 Duke Street in Alexandria , Virginia .
Deh - e Gardaneh Rangak ( Persian : ده گردنه رنگك‎ ) is a village in Poshtkuh - e Rostam Rural District , Sorna District , Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
Vērmanes Garden ( Latvian : Vērmanes dārzs , German : Wöhrmanns Garten ) is the oldest public garden in the city of Riga , Latvia , and currently comprises an area of approximately 5 hectares ( 12 acres ) .
Falstone is a small village in Northumberland , England , just south of Kielder Water .
Nowa Pecyna ( ˈnɔva pɛˈt͡sɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Długosiodło , within Wyszków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pain Mahalleh - ye Golrudbar ( Persian : پائين محله گلرودبار‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Golrūdbār and Pā’īn Maḩalleh - ye Gol - e Rūdbār ; also known as Galrūdbār ) is a village in Baz Kia Gurab Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ab Soru ( Persian : ابسرو‎ , also Romanized as Āb Sorū ) is a village in Jaydasht Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gazipaşa ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ɡaˈzipaʃa ) ) is a town and district of Antalya Province on the Mediterranean coast of southern Turkey , 180 km east of the city of Antalya .
Hampton Wick railway station is in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames , in South West London , and is in Travelcard Zone 6 .
KWPT is a commercial classic rock / hits music radio station licensed in Fortuna , California , broadcasting to the Eureka , California area on 100.3 FM .
Gimnasio Nacional José Adolfo Pineda ( known as the National Gymnasium in some English sources ) is an indoor sporting arena located in San Salvador , El Salvador .
Tubney is a small village in Oxfordshire , England ( in Berkshire until 1974 ) .
The Nicollet County Courthouse and Jail are historic governmental buildings located at 501 South Minnesota Avenue in St. Peter , Minnesota , United States .
The Belle and Franklin Streets Historic District is a residential historic district encompassing the surviving portions of 1914 - 16 apartment house development on the northwest side of downtown Springfield , Massachusetts .
The Mount Baker Tunnel or Mount Baker Ridge Tunnel carries Interstate 90 under the Mount Baker neighborhood of Seattle , Washington .
Oulu ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈoulu ) ; Swedish : Uleåborg ( ˌʉːleɔˈbɔrj ) ) is a city and municipality of 196,828 inhabitants ( 30 June 2015 ) in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia , Finland .
Fluor Field at the West End is a 5,700-seat baseball - only stadium in Greenville , South Carolina that opened on April 6 , 2006 .
The Vlie or Vliestroom is the seaway between the Dutch islands of Vlieland , to its northeast , and Terschelling , to its southwest .
Milewo - Tabuły ( miˈlɛvɔ taˈbuwɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krasne , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Karachaus Lagoon ( Ukrainian : Карачаус , Romanian : Caraceauş ) is a salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast , Ukraine .
Stanisławów Stary ( staniˈswavuf ˈstarɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Lake McDonald Lodge Coffee Shop is a visitor services building in the Lake McDonald district of Glacier National Park , Montana , USA .
Notre Dame d'Afrique ( Our Lady of Africa ) is a Catholic basilica in Algiers , Algeria .
Kolonia Sejny ( kɔˈlɔɲa ˈsɛi̯nɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Queen Anne 's County High School ( QACHS ) is a four - year public high school in Centreville , MD , Queen Anne 's County , Maryland , United States .
Bidarabad ( Persian : بیدرآباد ‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Estadio Nuevo Los Cármenes ( esˈtaðjo ˈnweβo los ˈkarmenes ) is a multi - use stadium in Granada , Spain .
Edward A. Reynolds West Side High School is a New York City Public Alternative High School located on the Upper West Side of Manhattan .
Nanga Eboko ( Nanga - Eboko ) is a small town and capital of the Haute - Sanaga ( Upper Sanaga ) department in the Centre Province of Cameroon .
Skjærsjøen is a regulated lake in Nordmarka , Oslo , Norway .
Mon Chong ( Thai : ม่อนจอง ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Omkoi District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Barnstable County Hospital was a hospital operated by Barnstable County , Massachusetts which was operational from the late 1800s to 1995 .
Lipowice ( lipɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleszczewo , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Cobblestone Inn is located along Ridge Road ( state highway NY 104 ) in Oak - Orchard - on - the - Ridge , an unincorporated hamlet in the Town of Ridgeway , New York , United States .
Petrer ( Valencian pronunciation : ( peˈtɾeɾ ) , Spanish : Petrel ( peˈtɾel ) ) is a town located in the comarca of Vinalopó Mitjà , in the province of Alicante , Spain .
The Fluchthorn lies between the Jamtal ( Tyrol ) and the Val Fenga ( Graubünden ) .
Erula ( Gallurese : Erula , Sardinian : Erula ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Sassari in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) north of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) east of Sassari .
Amezketa ( Spanish Amézqueta ) is a town located in the province of Gipuzkoa , in the Basque Autonomous Community , in the North of Spain .
The National Széchényi Library ( Hungarian : Országos Széchényi Könyvtár ) ( OSZK ) is a library in Budapest , Hungary .
J. Mora Moss House is a boldly romantic Carpenter Gothic style Victorian home located within Mosswood Park in Oakland , California .
Dehrud Rural District ( Persian : دهستان دهرود‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Wickliffe Church is a historic Episcopal church building located at Berryville , Clarke County , Virginia .
The Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area in Nevada is an area managed by the Bureau of Land Management as part of its National Landscape Conservation System , and protected as a National Conservation Area .
Monceau - sur - Sambre is a section of the Belgian town of Charleroi within the Walloon region in the Province of Hainaut .
Siah Rud District ( Persian : بخش سیه‌رود‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Lake Hollingsworth is a lake located near the center of the City of Lakeland , Florida .
The San Jacinto Mountains ( Avii Hanupach in Mojave ) are a mountain range , in Riverside County , east of Los Angeles southern California in the United States .
Vlist ( pronunciation ) is a village and former municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Hatherleigh is a small market town in west Devon , England .
Capitol Hill Baptist Church is a Baptist church located on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C. , six blocks from the United States Capitol .
Atna Peaks is an eroded stratovolcano or shield volcano in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska .
Fernwald is a town in the German state of Hesse , located 40 miles ( 64 kilometers ) north of Frankfurt am Main and 4.4 miles ( 7 kilometers ) east of Gießen .
Bon Sefid ( Persian : بن سفيد‎ , also Romanized as Bon Sefīd ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kikino Metis Settlement is a Metis settlement in central Alberta , Canada within Smoky Lake County .
Chum Saeng Songkhram ( Thai : ชุมแสงสงคราม ) is a subdistrict in the Bang Rakam District of Phitsanulok Province , Thailand .
Khasraj - e Razi Mohammad ( Persian : خسرج راضي محمد‎ , also Romanized as Khasraj - e Rāz̤ī Moḩammad ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Badameh ( Persian : بادامه‎ , also Romanized as Bādāmeh ) is a village in Rostaq Rural District , Rostaq District , Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
Gozaria is a town and a gram panchayat in Mehsana district in the Indian state of Gujarat .
The John L. Nichols House is a historic former residence in Bloomington , Indiana , United States .
Multai is a small town and a Nagar Palika in Betul district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh .
Równopole ( ruvnɔˈpɔlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Martim Longo is a Portuguese civil parish / freguesia in the municipality / concelho of Alcoutim , on the eastern side of the Algarve .
Steer Island is a former bar island in Summers County , West Virginia on the New River in the United States .
Valley Heights Jr / Sr High School is an public secondary school located three miles west of Blue Rapids , Kansas with 96 students in grades 7 - -12 .
Tupelo Regional Airport ( IATA : TUP , ICAO : KTUP , FAA LID : TUP ) is a public use airport located three nautical miles ( 6 km ) west of the central business district of Tupelo , a city in Lee County , Mississippi , United States .
Seyf ol Din Rud ( Persian : سيف الدين رود‎ , also Romanized as Seyf ol Dīn Rūd , Seyf ed Dīn Rūd , and Seyf od Dīn Rūd ) is a village in Qaranqu Rural District , in the Central District of Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Stade Maurice Trélut is part of the Tarbes sports complex in Tarbes , France .
Cypress Bay High School is a public high school located in Weston , Florida open for students in grades 9−12 .
Conservation Hall was part of a controversial renovation of the Tennessee Governor 's Mansion .
Nowa Łagowica ( ˈnɔva waɡɔˈvit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iwaniska , within Opatów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Grenfell railway line is a partly closed railway line in New South Wales , Australia .
Eythorne is a civil parish and small village of about 1,000 homes , located 7.3 miles NNW of Dover in Kent .
The Broward Transitional Center ( BTC ) is a privately owned , for - profit detention center located at 3900 North Powerline Road , Pompano Beach , Florida .
Broadland is a local government district in Norfolk , England , named after the Norfolk Broads .
The Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre ( PWNHC ) is the Government of the Northwest Territories ' museum and archives .
The Royal Gorge Bridge is a tourist attraction near Cañon City , Colorado within Royal Gorge Bridge & Park , a amusement park located along the edge of the Royal Gorge around both ends of the bridge .
Gharmala ( Urdu:گھرمالہ ) is a village located in Jhelum District , Punjab , Pakistan .
Łasiczyn ( waˈɕit͡ʂɨn ) ( German : Splinter Krug ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipiany , within Pyrzyce County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Wanjiang Subdistrict ( Chinese : 万江街道 ; pinyin : Wànjiāng Jiēdào ; Jyutping : maan6gong1 gaai1 dou6 ) is a subdistrict of the city of Dongguan , Guangdong Province , China .
Crowntown is a hamlet on the B3303 road south of Nancegollan in west Cornwall , England .
Big Mink Lake is a fresh water lake in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in Hastings Highlands , Hastings County , Ontario , Canada .
Sroczków ( ˈsrɔt͡ʂkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pacanów , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Głusko Małe ( ˈɡwuskɔ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karczmiska , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Sichówek ( ɕiˈxuvɛk ) ( German : Arnoldshof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Męcinka , within Jawor County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Nathipora is a village in Doru Shahabad Tehsils in Anantnag district in Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Ininka ( iˈninka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Goleniów , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Chelisad ( Persian : چليساد‎ , also Romanized as Chelīsād ) is a village in Dehdez Rural District , Dehdez District , Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Nagol ( Catalan pronunciation : ( nəˈɣɔɫ ) , locally : ( naˈɣɔɫ ) ) is a village in Andorra , located in the parish of Sant Julià de Lòria .
The Carrigrohane Straight is a straight segment of road that stretches for 2.75 miles ( 4.43 km ) , from the edge of Cork , west to Carrigrohane , in County Cork , Ireland .
Łodzierz ( ˈwɔd͡ʑeʂ ) ( Kashubian : Łodzérz ) is a village in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
More prosaically , Lo Manthang is a Village Development Committee in Mustang District , Dhawalagiri Zone of northern Nepal .
Bigham House located at 655 Pennridge Road in Chatham Village , in the Mount Washington neighborhood of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , was built in 1849 .
WGNG ( 106.3 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Tchula , Mississippi , USA with an urban contemporary format .
Pungamarathupatti is a village in Virudhunagar district , Tamil Nadu .
Hosznia Abramowska ( ˈxɔʂɲa abraˈmɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Goraj , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Paniewek ( paˈɲɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Linda Johnson Smith Soccer Stadium is a 1,320 seat stadium located in Worcester , Massachusetts on the campus of the College of the Holy Cross .
Fort Lancaster , one in a series of forts erected along the western Texas frontier , is located in the Pecos River Valley , along Live Oak Creek , in Crockett County , Texas , United States .
Elvebakken is one of the three boroughs that make up the town of Alta in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
Clam Pond is a small cove ( despite its name ) in the Great South Bay , on the north side of Fire Island between Saltaire and Fair Harbor in Suffolk County , New York .
Henry Clay Furnace is a historic iron furnace located in Cooper 's Rock State Forest near Cheat Neck , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Dobra - Kolonia ( ˈdɔbra kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pilica , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Kerman County ( Persian : شهرستان کرمان‎ ) is a county in Kerman Province in Iran .
The Arecibo Observatory is a radio telescope in the municipality of Arecibo , Puerto Rico .
Arcade du Cinquantenaire or Arcades du Cinquantenaire is a monumental triple arch in the center of the Cinquantenaire park in Brussels , Belgium .
Buse Lake Protected Area , informally known as Buse Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , 23 km ESE of Kamloops near Monte Creek .
Remédios is a civil parish situated in along the northern coast of the municipality of Ponta Delgada in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
The New Bedford Museum of Glass , located in New Bedford , Massachusetts , is home to a wide collection of glass ranging from ancient Mediterranean unguent bottles to designs by contemporary artists such as Dale Chihuly .
Hirhafek ( also written Hirafok , Hirhafok or Highafok ) is a village in the commune of Idlès , in Tazrouk District , Tamanrasset Province , Algeria .
Župančiči ( pronounced ( ʒuˈpaːntʃitʃi ) ) is a small settlement in the City Municipality of Koper in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Tall - e Amanollah ( Persian : تل امان اله‎ , also Romanized as Tall - e Amānollāh ) is a village in Shurab Rural District , Veysian District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Neyriz County ( Persian : شهرستان نی‌ریز‎ ) is a county in Fars Province in Iran .
Wola Goryńska ( ˈvɔla ɡɔˈrɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jastrzębia , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Soszyca ( sɔˈʂɨt͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Parchowo , within Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Pentakota ( Telugu : పెంటకోట ) is a village in Payakaraopeta mandal of Visakhapatnam district , Andhra Pradesh , India .
The Jordan Historic District is a Registered Historic District in Jordan , Minnesota , United States , that includes brick commercial and social buildings from the mid - to - late nineteenth century .
Balaskaleh ( Persian : بلسكله‎ ; also known as Balaskaleh - ye Chūkām ) is a village in Chukam Rural District , Khomam District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Gowhargan - e Sofla ( Persian : گوهرگان سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Gowhargān - e Soflá ; also known as Dālān - e Gowhargān and Gowhargān - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Babuyi Rural District , Basht District , Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Drenthe ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdrɛntə ) ) is a province of the Netherlands , located in the northeast of the country .
Cammachmore ( Gaelic An Camach Mòr ) is a hamlet in the coastal region near the North Sea in Aberdeenshire .
Qaleh Khaleseh ( Persian : قلعه خالصه‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh Khāleşeh ; also known as Qal``eh ) is a village in Qareh Naz Rural District , in the Central District of Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 623 , in 161 families .
KXLR is a commercial active rock music radio station in Fairbanks , Alaska , broadcasting on 95.9 FM .
The Times - Union Center for the Performing Arts ( TUCPA ) ( originally the Civic Auditorium and commonly known as the Times Union Center ) is a performing arts center located in Jacksonville , Florida .
Caluquembe ( Kalukembe ) is a town and municipality in Huíla Province , Angola .
Drogomiłowice ( drɔɡɔmiwɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Dromsdorf - Lohnig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Udanin , within Środa Śląska County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
America 's Freedom Festival at Provo ( also America 's Freedom Festival or Freedom Festival ) is a private , non - profit , non - political foundation known for organizing more than 25 annual patriotic events in and around Provo , Utah .
Boljevac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бољевац , pronounced ( bɔ̌ːʎɛʋat͡s ) ) is a town and municipality located in the Zaječar District of Serbia .
Edson Airport , ( IATA : YET , ICAO : CYET ) , is located within the town of Edson , Alberta , Canada .
West Wickham is a suburban area in the London Borough of Bromley .
Pudenak - e Jowngan ( Persian : پودنك جونگان‎ , also Romanized as Pūdenak - e Jowngān ; also known as Pīdanak , Pūdana , and Pūdenak ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
WMYK ( `` Rock 98.5 '' ) is an FM mainstream rock radio station owned by Hoosier AM / FM LLC in Kokomo , Indiana .
Harmby is a village and civil parish very near Leyburn , in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire , England .
Blue Spring State Park is a state park located west of Orange City , Florida in the United States .
Due Carrare is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Padua in the Italian region Veneto , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) southwest of Venice and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) south of Padua .
Newark Catholic High School is a private , Catholic co - educational high school located in Newark , Ohio in Licking County .
Posuchy ( pɔˈsuxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raniżów , within Kolbuszowa County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
BR-285 is an east - west Brazilian federal highway that starts in Araranguá , Santa Catarina , and crosses the Gaucho range and highlands .
The Burns Paiute Tribe of the Burns Paiute Indian Colony of Oregon is a federally recognized tribe of Northern Paiute Indians in Harney County , Oregon , United States .
Tecoh Municipality is one of 106 municipalities in Yucatán State , Mexico . , located 40 km south - east of Mérida , Yucatán .
Gebhart Tavern , also known as the Daniel Gebhart Tavern Museum , is a small museum located in Miamisburg , Ohio , United States .
Lakhni is a town , a tehsil in Bhandara district in the Indian state of Maharashtra .
Qanbarzadeh ( Persian : قنبرزاده‎ , also Romanized as Qanbarzādeh ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Tarławki ( tarˈwafki ) ( German : Taberlack ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Bodine 's Bridge carries New York State Route 211 across the Wallkill River , a mile ( 1.6 km ) south ( west by the highway 's signed direction ) of the village of Montgomery , New York , United States , near Orange County Airport .
Wiśnica ( viɕˈnit͡sa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Przechlewo , within Człuchów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kolombari ( Persian : كلمبري‎ , also Romanized as Kolombarī ) is a village in Jask Rural District , in the Central District of Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Huntingdon Furnace is a national historic district and historic iron furnace and associated buildings located at Franklin Township in Huntingdon County , Pennsylvania .
Pen - y - Pass is a mountain pass in Snowdonia , Gwynedd , north - west Wales .
Ziaz Mahalleh ( Persian : زيازمحله‎ , also Romanized as Zīāz Maḩalleh ; also known as Zīār Maḩalleh ) is a village in Reza Mahalleh Rural District , in the Central District of Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kozubiec ( kɔˈzubjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mont Beauvoir is a Chartreuse mountain culminating at 1,320 metres ( 4,331 ft ) above sea level in the township of Saint - Jean - de - Couz in the French department of Savoie .
Quartier - Morin ( Haitian Creole : Katye Moren ) is a commune in the Cap - Haïtien Arrondissement , in the Nord Department of Haiti .
The Bishop 's Palace , Llandaff is the ruined residence of the bishops of Llandaff , Cardiff , Wales .
Bergen - Hohne Training Area ( German : NATO - Truppenübungsplatz Bergen or Schießplatz Bergen - Hohne ) is a NATO military training area in the southern part of the Lüneburg Heath , in the state of Lower Saxony in northern Germany .
Nanzhangcheng ( Chinese : 南障城镇 ) is a township - level division of Jingxing County , Shijiazhuang , Hebei , China .
Szumsko - Kolonie ( ˈʂumskɔ kɔˈlɔɲe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków , within Kielce County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Denpasar ( Indonesian : Kota Denpasar , Indonesian pronunciation : ( denˈpasar ) ) is the capital of Bali .
Bear Down Gym , originally known as Men 's Gymnasium , is a 300 seat multi - purpose arena in Tucson , Arizona .
The ENMAX Centrium is a two - tier 6,000-seat multi - purpose arena in Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
Leaving the city - state the Lower Elbe then passes between Holstein and the Elbe - Weser Triangle with Stade until it flows into the North Sea at Cuxhaven .
Ciwoniuki ( t͡ɕivɔˈɲuki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michałowo , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Northwest College of Art & Design ( NCAD ) is a career - oriented college located in Poulsbo , Washington offering a BFA in Visual Communication , with Double Majors in Entertainment Art , Graphic Design , Illustration , Interactive Design , and Motion Design .
The Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute ( SCBI ) is a unit of the Smithsonian Institution located on a 3,200-acre ( 13 km2 ) campus located just outside the town of Front Royal , Virginia .
Sar Howz - e Pain ( Persian : سرحوض پايين‎ , also Romanized as Sar Ḩowẕ - e Pā’īn and Sar Ḩowz Pā’īn ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jefferson College of Health Sciences ( often abbreviated and known locally as JCHS and Jefferson College , ) is an independent , private , coeducational , health sciences college located in Downtown Roanoke , Virginia .
Split Rock Creek State Park is a state park of Minnesota , USA , located in Ihlen , or just south of Pipestone .
The George W. DeLoach House is an historic home in Hagan , Georgia .
KYYI ( 104.7 FM ) , branded as `` 104.7 The Bear '' , is a radio station serving Wichita Falls , Texas , and vicinity with a classic rock format .
Allanshaugh is a fermtoun in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland .
The Bagdad Supper Club was a theater and entertainment venue located on north side of what then was U.S. Route 80 , but now is U.S. Route 180 , east of Grand Prairie , Texas , at the corner of Bagdad Road and Main Street .
Qeshlaq - e Chalambar ( Persian : قشلاق چلمبر‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Chalambar ) is a village in Sagezabad Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Autun ( French pronunciation : ​(otœ̃ ) ) is a commune in the Saône - et - Loire department in Burgundy in eastern France .
Frederick Douglass Circle is a traffic circle located at the northwest corner of Central Park at the intersection of Eighth Avenue ( Frederick Douglass Boulevard and Central Park West ) and 110th Street ( Cathedral Parkway and Central Park North ) in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Skogsvallen is a sports ground in Luleå , Sweden and the home stadium for the football team IFK Luleå .
The Desatoya Mountains are located in central Nevada in the western United States , approximately 117 miles east of Reno by road .
Abu Arazeh ( Persian : ابوعراضه‎ , also Romanized as Abū ʿArāz̤eh ) is a village in Nasar Rural District , Arvandkenar District , Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Qujiu ( simplified Chinese : 渠旧镇 ; traditional Chinese : 渠舊鎮 ; pinyin : Qújiù Zhèn ; zhuang : Gizgiu Cin ) is a town under the administration of Fusui County in southern Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , China .
Seh Kileh ( Persian : سه كيله‎ , also Romanized as Seh Kīleh , Seh Keyleh , Seh Kheileh , and Seh Kīlah ) is a village in Peyrajeh Rural District , in the Central District of Neka County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Dow Ab - e Zivdar ( Persian : دواب زيودار‎ , also Romanized as Dow Āb - e Zīvdār ; also known as Dow Āb ) is a village in Afrineh Rural District , Mamulan District , Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
L'Anneau de Vitesse ( English : The Speed Circuit ) is an outdoor speed skating venue located in Grenoble , France .
Tamehr ( Persian : طامهر‎ , also Romanized as Ţāmehr ; also known as Tāmar and Tamer ) is a village in Allahabad Rural District , Zarach District , Yazd County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Peringottukara located in the western side of the Thrissur District , which is one among the 14 districts of Kerala .
Pomarolo ( German : Pommaröl ) is a comune ( municipality ) in Trentino located around 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) southwest of Trento in the northern Italian region of Trentino - Alto Adige / Südtirol .
Wah - Sha - She Park , formerly named Wah - Sha - She State Park , is on the shore of Hulah Lake ( Oklahoma ) in Osage County , Oklahoma .
Che Lei Pai ( Chinese : 扯𢃇排 ) is an island in Tolo Channel in the northeastern New Territories of Hong Kong .
Rocky Hill Ultralight Flightpark ( FAA LID : 48P ) is a public use ultralight airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) southeast of the central business district of Cresco , a town in Monroe County , Pennsylvania , United States .
Tullaroan ( Irish : Tulach Ruáin , meaning `` Rowan 's hill '' ) is a village on the west side of County Kilkenny in the Slieveardagh Hills near the Tipperary border .
In 1333 the Guardian of Scotland , Sir Archibald Douglas , mustered an army in Duns to march on Berwick , which at that time was under siege by the English .
Bückeburg Air Base ( German : Heeresflugplatz Bückeburg , ICAO : ETHB ) is located northeast of the city of Bückeburg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Dale Abbey is a village and civil parish in the borough of Erewash in Derbyshire in the East Midlands of England , 6 miles north east of Derby .
Siahumeh - ye Kohneh ( Persian : سياحومه كهنه‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīāḩūmeh - ye Kohneh ) is a village in Kani Sur Rural District , Namshir District , Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Reszkowce ( rɛʂˈkɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
WILN ( 105.9 FM , `` Island 106 '' ) is a US commercial radio station located in Panama City , Florida .
Sanjabadleh ( Persian : سنجبدله‎ ; also known as Sangili , Sanjīdleh , and Senjīdlah ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Taraqi Tork ( Persian : طراقي ترك‎ , also Romanized as Ţarāqī Tork ; also known as Tarāqān ) is a village in Baba Aman Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Cape May Canal is a 2.9-nautical mile ( 3.3 mi ; 5.4 km ) waterway connecting Cape May Harbor to the Delaware Bay , at the southern tip of Cape May County , New Jersey .
The Bluff Springs Church and School is a historic dual - purpose building in rural northwestern Stone County , Arkansas .
Petrella Liri is a frazione of Cappadocia in the Province of L'Aquila , in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
Rochester International Airport ( IATA : RST , ICAO : KRST , FAA LID : RST ) is a nonhub primary airport located seven miles ( 11 km ) southwest of the central business district of Rochester , a city in Olmsted County , Minnesota , United States .
Dobrosołowo ( dɔbrɔsɔˈwɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kazimierz Biskupi , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Portlethen Village is a settlement along the North Sea coast in Aberdeenshire , Scotland .
Discovery Claim is a mining claim at Bonanza Creek , a watercourse in the Yukon , Canada .
Fulwell railway station on the Shepperton Branch Line serves Fulwell in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Lake Nockamixon is a reservoir in southeastern Pennsylvania , United States , and the largest lake in Bucks County .
Vadugankuthagai is a revenue village under Alathur , Thanjavur panchyath in the Pattukkottai taluk of Thanjavur district , Tamil Nadu , India .
Gijan ( Persian : گيجان‎ , also Romanized as Gījān ; also known as Kījān ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
B. H. Carroll Theological Institute is an accredited Christian Baptist institution in Irving , Texas with multiple sources of funding and a self - perpetuating board of governors .
Hanover Terrace overlooks Regent 's Park in City of Westminster , London , England .
Delkun ( Persian : دلكون‎ , also Romanized as Delkūn ; also known as Delkan ) is a village in Vahdat Rural District , Mugarmun District , Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
WZOK ( branded as 97ZOK ) is a radio station serving the Rockford , Illinois area with a Top 40 ( CHR ) format .
The Rural Municipality of Bone Creek No . 108 is a rural municipality in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan .
Wola Orzeszowska ( ˈvɔla ɔʐɛˈʂɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedzna , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ulassai , Ulàssai in sardinian language , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Ogliastra in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 70 kilometres ( 43 mi ) northeast of Cagliari and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) southwest of Tortolì .
Xaidulla , also spelled Shahidullah or Shahidula ( altitude ca . 3,646 m or 11,962 ft ) , or Saitula in Chinese , is a town in Pishan County in the southwestern part of Xinjiang Autonomous Region , China .
Izvoru Crișului ( Romanian : Izvoru Crișului ; Hungarian : Körösfő , German : Krieschwej ) ; is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
Senja is located along the Troms county coastline with Finnsnes as the closest town .
Puqian ( Chinese : 铺前镇 ) is a port town on the eastern shore of Dongzhai Harbor in Wenchang , Hainan province , China .
Dammahad ( Persian : دم مهد‎ ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The Triple U Buffalo Ranch is a 50,000-acre ( 20,000 ha ) ranch in northern Stanley County , South Dakota .
KSOB ( 96.7 FM , `` Kansas Country 96.7 '' ) is a commercial radio station licensed to serve Larned , Kansas , USA .
Aleksandria Krzywowolska ( alɛkˈsandrja kʂɨvɔˈvɔlska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rejowiec , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The total length of Imperial Highway is approximately 41 miles ( 66 km ) , of which 14 miles ( 23 km ) run through Orange County and 27 miles ( 43 km ) through Los Angeles County .
Hooton Pagnell is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster in South Yorkshire , England , on the border with West Yorkshire .
Caroline Park is a 17th - century mansion in the Granton area of Edinburgh .
Caidian District ( simplified Chinese : 蔡甸区 ; traditional Chinese : 蔡甸區 ; pinyin : Càidiàn qū ) is one of 13 districts of Wuhan , the capital of Hubei province , People 's Republic of China , forming part of the city 's southwestern suburbs and situated on the northwestern ( left ) bank of the Yangtze River .
Gargeh ( Persian : گارگه‎ , also Romanized as Gārgeh ; also known as Garga and Kārged ) is a village in Mollasani Rural District , in the Central District of Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Deserted River is a short river in the Jervis Inlet region of the South Coast of British Columbia , Canada , flowing in a short course generally southwest into the eastern `` elbow '' of that inlet , to the southeast of Malibu , British Columbia .
Milewo - Wypychy ( miˈlɛvɔ vɨˈpɨxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Karniewo , within Maków County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Panienka ( paˈɲenka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Ahl - e Iman ( Persian : اهل ايمان‎ , also Romanized as Ahl - e Īmān ) is a village in Shaban Rural District , in the Central District of Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Edlandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county , Norway , next to the town Ålgård .
Corcoran Field is a 1,600-seat soccer stadium located on the campus of Xavier University in Cincinnati , Ohio .
Lake Johnston Airport ( ICAO : YLJN ) is located near Lake Johnston , Western Australia .
Prignitz ( German pronunciation : ( ˈpʁiːɡnɪts ) ) is a Kreis ( district ) in the northwestern part of Brandenburg , Germany .
The Leelanau Peninsula is a peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan that extends about 30 miles ( 50 km ) from the Lower Peninsula of Michigan into Lake Michigan .
The South Warner Wilderness is a federally designated wilderness area 12 miles ( 19 km ) east of Alturas , California , USA .
Brosemer Brewery , also known as the Seaway Supply Building , is a historic brewery located at Oswego in Oswego County , New York .
Casey State Recreation Site is a day - use only state park located 29 miles northeast of Medford , Oregon off Oregon Route 62 .
The College of Creative Studies is one of the three undergraduate colleges at the University of California , Santa Barbara , unique within the University of California system in terms of structure and philosophy .
Yengabad - e Kuh ( Persian : ينگ ابادكوه‎ , also Romanized as Yengābād - e Kūh ; also known as Nīgābād - e Kūh ) is a village in Kolah Boz - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Anglesea Barracks is an Australian Defence Force barracks in central Hobart , Tasmania .
First National Bank in Fleetwood , also known as the First National Bank of Fleetwood and Kutz Brothers Store and Hosiery Mill , is a historic home located at Fleetwood , Berks County , Pennsylvania .
Chah - e Kazab ( Persian : چاه كاذب‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Kāẕab ) is a village in Paskuh Rural District , Sedeh District , Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hajiabad - e Minooyi ( Persian : حاجی‌آباد مینویی ‎ ) is a village in Corrin Rural District , in the Corrin of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Shenton Avenue is an east - west distributor road in the northern suburbs of Perth , Western Australia , located within the City of Joondalup .
Chanticleer Point is a geographical landmark on the Oregon side of the Columbia River Gorge .
Allstedt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈalʃtɛt ) ) is a town the district of Mansfeld - Südharz , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Williams ' Conquest , also known as Williams ' Green , is a historic home located at Marion Station , Somerset County , Maryland , United States .
Zonnebloem ( previously known as District 6 ) is a suburb in City of Cape Town metropolitan municipality in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Tufnell Park is an area of north London , England which straddles the border of the London Borough of Islington and the London Borough of Camden .
Bitche ( German and Lorraine Franconian : Bitsch ) is a commune in the Moselle department in Lorraine in northeastern France .
Moravský Krumlov ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmorafskiː ˈkrumlof ) ; German : Mährisch Kromau ) is a town in the Znojmo District , South Moravian Region , Czech Republic .
The Estéron is a river that flows through the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence and Alpes - Maritimes departments of southeastern France .
Posada Rybotycka ( pɔˈsada rɨbɔˈtɨt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fredropol , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Pas Kuhak ( Persian : پس كوهك‎ , also Romanized as Pas Kūhak ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Mrđe ( Serbian : Мрђе ) is a village in the municipality of Drvar , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Eleios - Pronnoi ( Greek : Ελειός-Πρόννοι ) is a former municipality on the island of Kefalonia , Ionian Islands , Greece .
Bącki ( ˈbɔnt͡skʲi ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Barwice , within Szczecinek County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Warcimino ( vart͡ɕiˈminɔ ) ( German Varzmin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Potęgowo , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Hezaran - e Sofla ( Persian : هزاران سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Hezārān - e Soflá ) is a village in Quri Chay - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Dobużek ( dɔˈbuʐɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łaszczów , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Chobe District is an administrative district in the northern part of Botswana , with the headquarters in Kasane .
Chaudière - Appalaches ( French pronunciation : ​(ʃodjɛʁ apalaʃ ) ) is an administrative region in Quebec , Canada .
The Naval Ordnance Laboratory ( NOL ) , now disestablished , formerly located in White Oak , Maryland was the site of considerable work that had practical impact upon world technology .
Ninian Park was a football stadium in the Leckwith area of Cardiff , Wales .
Saranjirak ( Persian : سرانجيرك‎ , also Romanized as Saranjīrak ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Harsin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Musée Marmottan Monet is located at 2 , rue Louis Boilly in the 16th arrondissement of Paris .
Pay Par Rud Sameh ( Persian : پاي پررودسمه‎ , also Romanized as Pāy Par Rūd Sameh ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Werribee Park is the estate of a historical building in Werribee , Victoria , Australia .
Jesse H Turner Park is a public park in Memphis , Tennessee at the corner of South Parkway and Bellevue in South Memphis .
Tondok ( Persian : تندك‎ , also Romanized as Tandok ; also known as Tondūk ) is a village in Takab - e Kuhmish Rural District , Sheshtomad District , Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Erkerode is a small village and a community in the District of Wolfenbüttel , in the south - east of Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Municipio XIX was an administrative subdivision of the city of Rome .
Dartum ( Persian : درتوم‎ , also Romanized as Dartūm and Dartowm ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
As of 2010 , Houston Street is served by the M21 New York City Bus route from the FDR Drive to Washington Street .
Echeverria Field is an abandoned airfield , located approximately 15 miles ( 24 km ) west of Wickenburg , Arizona .
Älvängen ( earlier Elfängen ) is a locality situated in Ale Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
The William H. Kibbie - ASUI Activity Center ( commonly known as the Kibbie Dome ) is a multi - purpose indoor athletic stadium in Moscow , Idaho , on the campus of the University of Idaho .
The Robinson High School Auditorium - Gymnasium , also known as the RHS Gym was a historic gymnasium located on the campus of Robinson High School in Robinson , Illinois .
Clyde Mountain , at an elevation of 781 metres ( 2,562 ft ) AHD , is a mountain in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Savannah State University is a four - year , state - supported , historically black university ( HBCU ) located in Savannah , Georgia .
Mukundgarh is a city and a municipality in Jhunjhunu district in the Indian state of Rajasthan . It is part of Shekhawati region .
Ho Tung Lau ( Chinese : 何東樓 ) is a former area northeast of Lok Lo Ha in Sha Tin , near the MTR and on the former shore of Sha Tin Hoi , in the New Territories , Hong Kong .
The Polhemus Memorial Clinic in Cobble Hill , Brooklyn , New York City was built in 1897 as an extension of a hospital for the poor on the corner of Henry and Amity streets .
The Hudson Public Schools District is a coalition of public schools located in Hudson , Middlesex County , Massachusetts .
Sutton - in - the - Isle , commonly referred to simply as Sutton , is a parish and village in the county of Cambridgeshire in England , near the city of Ely .
West Meadow Beach Historic District is a peninsula of public park - land approximately 1.5 miles long and a national historic district located in northwestern Stony Brook in Suffolk County , New York .
Turangzai is one of the eight villages of Hashtnagar area in Charsadda District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa .
Anaheim Regional Medical Center , formerly known as Anaheim Memorial Medical Center , is a 228 bed , acute care hospital in North Anaheim , California .
Daliao District ( Chinese : 大寮區 ; pinyin : Dàliáo Qū ; Wade -- Giles : Ta4-liao2 Ch'ü1 ) is a suburban district in Kaohsiung City , Taiwan .
Tellow - e Pain ( Persian : تلوپائين‎ , also Romanized as Tellow - e Pā’īn , Talū Pā’īn , and Tellow Pā’īn ) is a village in Siyahrud Rural District , in the Central District of Tehran County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Chylice - Osada ( xɨˈlit͡sɛ ɔˈsada ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Jaktorów , within Grodzisk Mazowiecki County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zaraszów - Kolonia ( zaˈraʂuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Jaworska Wola ( jaˈvɔrska ˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sienno , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Toila Parish ( Estonian : Toila vald ) is an Estonian municipality located in Ida - Viru County .
Gregory 's Four Corners Burial Ground , a cemetery established in Trumbull , Connecticut in 1761 , is located on Spring Hill Road near the Monroe town line and is maintained by the Trumbull Parks Commission .
The Orange Empire Railway Museum ( OERM , reporting mark OERX ) , on 2201 South `` A '' Street in Perris , California , is a railroad museum founded in 1956 at the Pinacate Station as the `` Orange Empire Trolley Museum . ''
The building which now houses the Dancehouse Theatre , on Oxford Road in Manchester , was originally designed by Pendleton and Dickson for property developer Emannuel Nove a Ukrainian who came to Manchester in the late 1800s .
Damameh ( Persian : دمامه‎‎ , also Romanized as Damāmeh ; also known as Damān ) is a village in Shuy Rural District , in the Central District of Baneh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Fort Zumwalt Park is an historic site within O’Fallon in St. Charles County , in the US state of Missouri .
Wola Burzecka ( ˈvɔla buˈʐɛt͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wojcieszków , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Kowzareh ( Persian : كوزره‎ , also Romanized as Koozreh ; also known as Gū Zereh , Kūh Zareh , Kūh Zereh , Kūrza , and Kūzra ) is a village in Shur Dasht Rural District , Shara District , Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Cobble Hill Tunnel ( popularly the Atlantic Avenue Tunnel ) of the Long Island Rail Road ( LIRR ) is an abandoned railroad tunnel beneath Atlantic Avenue in downtown Brooklyn , New York City .
Jodłowno ( jɔdˈwɔvnɔ ) ( German : Stangenwalde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przywidz , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Naplar ( Persian : ناپلار‎ , also Romanized as Nāplār ; also known as Nāflār and Nāplār - e Bālā ) is a village in Mianrud Rural District , Chamestan District , Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Stare Bagińskie ( ˈstarɛ baˈɡiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyszki , within Bielsk County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bersun ( Persian : برسون‎ , also Romanized as Bersūn ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Svit is a small town and municipality in Poprad District in the Prešov Region in northern Slovakia .
The Henkel - Duke Mercantile Company Warehouse , also known as Charles Henkel & Co. Building or Montgomery Ward Warehouse , is a historic warehouse in downtown Pueblo , Colorado .
Since 27 January 1927 , Poggio Mirteto has been part of the Province of Rieti which was established in the same year by Decree .
Três de Maio ( English : `` Third of May '' ) is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul .
Khosrow Basheh ( Persian : خسروباشه‎ , also Romanized as Khosrow Bāsheh ) is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District , in the Central District of Salas - e Babajani County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Connecticut Connection is a high - rise building located at 1101 Connecticut Avenue NW in the United States capital of Washington , D.C ..
Lestkowo ( lɛstˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Groß Leistikow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard , within Goleniów County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Pałck ( pau̯t͡sk ) ( German : Palzig ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Skąpe , within Świebodzin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Takoma Academy is a parochial , co - educational high school located in Takoma Park , Maryland operated by the Potomac Conference of Seventh - day Adventists .
Located in the shadow of Mount Vesuvius , Herculaneum ( Italian : Ercolano ) was an ancient Roman town destroyed by volcanic pyroclastic flows in 79 AD .
Coln St. Aldwyns ( sometimes Coln St. Aldwyn ) is a village and civil parish in the Cotswold district of the English county of Gloucestershire .
Dragvoll is a location in Trondheim , Norway , which hosts the campus for the faculties of social sciences and humanities of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) .
Ab Bad - e Pedari ( Persian : اببادپدري‎ , also Romanized as Āb Bād - e Pedarī ; also known as Āb Bād , Āb Bād - e Peders , and Āb Yād - e Badrī ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Mattamuskeet National Wildlife Refuge is a federally protected wildlife refuge located within Hyde County , North Carolina , USA .
The Canton of Thurgau ( German : Thurgau , anglicized as Thurgovia ) is a northeast canton of Switzerland .
The Cedarville Rancheria is a federally recognized tribe of Northern Paiute people in Modoc County , California , about 30 miles south of the Oregon border .
Elmer L. Meyers Junior / Senior High School ( commonly known throughout the area as ' E. L. Meyers ' or ' Meyers ' ) is an urban , public school located on 341 Carey Avenue , in Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania .
Ödsmål is a locality situated in Stenungsund Municipality , Västra Götaland County , Sweden with 608 inhabitants in 2010 .
Mount Bures is a small village in England on the Essex and Suffolk borders .
Kunstnernes Hus ( Norwegian for `` Artists ' House '' ) is an art gallery in Oslo , Norway .
Łabunie - Reforma ( waˈbuɲɛ rɛˈfɔrma ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łabunie , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Holmes County State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Mississippi located off U.S. Route 51 approximately 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) south of Durant .
Kuh Borideh Shelal ( Persian : كوه بريده شلال‎ , also Romanized as Kūh Borīdeh Shelāl ; also known as Kūh Borīdeh ) is a village in Shalal and Dasht - e Gol Rural District , in the Central District of Andika County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
St. Lawrence Market North is a public market building in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Fatu Hiva ( the `` H '' is not pronounced , see name section below ) is the southernmost island of the Marquesas Islands , in French Polynesia , an overseas territory of France in the Pacific Ocean .
Santo Domingo ( meaning `` Saint Dominic '' ) , officially Santo Domingo de Guzmán , is the capital and largest city in the Dominican Republic and the largest city in the Caribbean by population .
Karsidan ( Persian : كارسيدان‎ , also Romanized as Kārsīdān ) is a village in Dehshal Rural District , in the Central District of Astaneh - ye Ashrafiyeh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Miniszew ( miˈniʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żerków , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Chosewood Park is a neighborhood in southeast Atlanta , Georgia in the United States .
The Park Mansion is a 36-storey condominium tower in Mississauga , Ontario standing 112 metres ( 369 feet ) tall .
Clarion - Limestone Jr / Sr High School is a public Junior / Senior High School , in Strattanville , central Clarion County , Pennsylvania , with 522 students in grades 7 - 12
Parsons Peak is a mountain in Yosemite National Park and the Cathedral Range of California 's Sierra Nevada .
Dangizak ( Persian : دنگيزك‎ , also Romanized as Dangīzak ) is a village in Tankaman Rural District , Tankaman District , Nazarabad County , Alborz Province , Iran .
Kalateh - ye Fathallah ( Persian : كلاته فتح اله‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Fatḥāllah ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Longkhum is a village located 17 km south - west of Mokokchung , in Nagaland , North - East India .
Jordijan ( Persian : جرديجان‎ , also Romanized as Jordījān and Jardījān ; also known as Jardgān ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Aade ( or Ade or आडे ) is very small village in Ratnagiri district of Maharashtra , India .
Brumfield Elementary School is an elementary school located near Princeton Community High School in Princeton , Indiana , USA and is part of the North Gibson School Corporation .
Boxmoor , or Boxmoor Village , is a district of Dacorum in Hertfordshire , England .
WOUR ( 96.9 FM ) is a classic rock radio station that broadcasts from Utica , New York .
The Sticht Range is a mountain range located in the West Coast region of Tasmania , Australia .
Berkeley Community Theatre is a theatre located in Berkeley , California , on the campus of Berkeley High School .
Czerchów ( ˈt͡ʂɛrxuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Otley Museum is in the town of Otley , near Leeds in West Yorkshire , England .
The Coast Meridian Overpass is a four - lane cable stayed bridge in Port Coquitlam , British Columbia , crossing the Canadian Pacific railyard .
Charity Island Light is a lighthouse on Big Charity Island in Lake Huron just off the coast of Au Gres , Northern Michigan .
Rish Vand ( Persian : ريسه وند‎ , also Romanized as Rīsh Vand ) is a village in Itivand - e Jonubi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gorenje Kronovo ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnjɛ ˈkɾoːnɔʋɔ ) ) is a small settlement on the left bank of the Krka River in the Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia .
Gyaidar is a town and township in Damxung County in the Lhasa Prefecture of Tibet , China .
Horspath is a village and civil parish in South Oxfordshire about 3.5 miles ( 5.6 km ) east of the centre of Oxford , England .
The Cleveland Institute of Art , previously Cleveland School of Art , located in University Circle , Cleveland , Ohio , is one of the nation 's leading independent colleges of art and design .
Akbarabad - e Do ( Persian : اكبر آباد2‎ , also Romanized as Akbarābād - e Do ; also known as Akbarābād ) is a village in Siriz Rural District , Yazdanabad District , Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mirzo Ulugbek ( also spelled Mirzo Ulug'bek or Mirza Ulugbeg ) is one of 11 districts ( tuman ) of Tashkent , the capital of Uzbekistan .
`` BuBi '' ( officially : MOL BuBi ) is a bicycle sharing network in Budapest , Hungary .
Namsvatnet ( Southern Sami : Nååmesjenjaevrie ) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Mirnal ( Persian : ميرنال‎ , also Romanized as Mīrnāl ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , Dehaj District , Shahr - e Babak County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Turnu Măgurele ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˌturnu məɡuˈrele ) ) is a city in Teleorman County , Romania ( in the informal region of Wallachia ) .
Harabarjan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هرابرجان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Marvast District , Khatam County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Haddon Township High School is a four - year comprehensive community public high school serving students in ninth through twelfth grades , located in Haddon Township , in Camden County , New Jersey , United States , operating as the lone secondary school of the Haddon Township School District .
The Evans - Haynes Burn Center at the VCU Medical Center / Virginia Commonwealth University was founded in 1947 and is the oldest civilian burn center in the country .
Ecca Pass , is situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa , on the regional road R67 , between Grahamstown and Fort Beaufort .
The Wolgan River , a watercourse of the Hawkesbury - Nepean catchment , is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales , Australia .
Caesars Head State Park is a park in northern Greenville County , South Carolina , that borders Transylvania County , North Carolina , and is reached via US 276 .
Rider - Hopkins Farm and Olmsted Camp is a historic farm and summer camp located at Sardinia in Erie County , New York .
Kusaj - e Sofla ( Persian : كوسج سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūsaj - e Soflá ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Darin Kabud ( Persian : درين كبود‎ , also Romanized as Darīn Kabūd ) is a village in Azadlu Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kolonia Rybacka ( kɔˈlɔɲa rɨˈbat͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
KJJF ( 88.9 FM ) is a National Public Radio member station in Harlingen , Texas , United States .
The Horace Baker Log Cabin is a historic log cabin located near Carver , Oregon , United States .
Diakhao Arrondissement ( Serer proper : Jaxaaw ) is an arrondissement of the Fatick Department in the Fatick Region of Senegal .
Ji - Paraná ( sometimes spelled Jiparaná ) is the second most populous city in the Brazilian state of Rondônia .
The Yankee Doodle Coffee Shop , also known as The Doodle , was a diner in New Haven , Connecticut that catered to the Yale University community for 58 years before closing on January 28 , 2008 .
Joe 's Valley is a large concentration of sandstone boulders East of the Joe 's Valley Reservoir near Orangeville , Utah .
The Dublin Irish Festival is an annual music and cultural festival held in Dublin , Ohio .
Lake Pohenegamook ( Lac Pohénégamook ) is a Canadian lake located in southeastern Quebec immediately north of the International Boundary with Maine ( at Aroostook County ) .
McGill University is an English - language public research university in Montreal , Canada .
Goszczyce Poświętne ( ɡɔʂˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ pɔɕˈfjɛntnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Dän Tàgé ( `` Person River '' , formerly the Indian River ) is a river in Yukon Territory , Canada .
The Pawtucket Times Building is an historic site at 23 Exchange Street in the historic central business district of Pawtucket , Rhode Island .
The Market House Museum is a small museum in Watchet , Somerset , England .
Mamar Yek ( Persian : ممريك‎ ) is a village in Sumar Rural District , Sumar District , Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Dustan ( Persian : دوستان‎ , also Romanized as Dūstān ) is a village in Shepiran Rural District , Kuhsar District , Salmas County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Banainia is an ancient village located in the Saraigarh Bhaptiyahi C.D. block of Supaul district in Bihar , India .
Savala is a village and seat of Lüganuse Parish , Ida - Viru County in northeastern Estonia .
David Wade Correctional Center ( DWCC ) is a Louisiana Department of Public Safety and Corrections prison located in an unincorporated area of Claiborne Parish between Homer and Haynesville , Louisiana .
Greenway Avenue Stadium , located in Cumberland , Maryland serves as the primary athletics stadium for Allegany County , Maryland , United States .
Seafield Tower is a ruined castle on the North Sea coast of Fife in Scotland ( grid reference NT279884 ) .
Hasan Gavdari ( Persian : حسن گاوداري‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Gāvdārī ; also known as Ḩasan ) is a village in Zangvan Rural District , Karezan District , Sirvan County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Lipa - Miklas ( ˈlipa ˈmiklas ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipsko , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zarem ( Persian : زارم‎ , also Romanized as Zārem and Zāharam ; also known as Vārem ) is a village in Shirvan Rural District , in the Central District of Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Castellau ( `` fortifications '' ; alternate : Castella ) is a hamlet , with a country house of the same name in the county borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf , South Wales .
Robat - e Sang ( Persian : رباطسنگ‎ , also Romanized as Robāt Sang ) is a city in and capital of Jolgeh Rokh District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Olive Branch Missionary Baptist Church , also known as Olive Branch Baptist Church , is a historic Baptist church located at Moneta , Bedford County , Virginia , USA .
The Lop County ( Uyghur : لوپ ناھىيىسى‎ , ULY : Lop Nahiyisi , UYY : Lop Nah̡iyisi ? ) is a county within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Hotan Prefecture .
Dunkeld and Birnam railway station serves the towns of Dunkeld and Birnam in Perth and Kinross , Scotland .
Central Technical High School , also known as Central Tech , is located on South Warren Street in Syracuse , New York .
Rudawka Rymanowska ( ruˈdafka rɨmaˈnɔfska ) ( Ukrainian : Рудавка Риманівська , Rudavka Rymanivs’ka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rymanów , within Krosno County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Derakht - e Sefidar ( Persian : درخت سفيدار‎ , also Romanized as Derakht - e Sefīdār ; also known as Sefīd Dāl ) is a village in Piveh Zhan Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Aliyan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان آليان‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sardar - e Jangal District , Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Badiyeh - ye Seh ( Persian : باديه سه‎ , also Romanized as Bādīyeh - ye Seh ) is a village in Dehpir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Hartem was a village in the Heidmark , an area within the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony , Germany .
De Doelen is a concert venue and convention centre in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
The Stade de la Beaujoire - Louis Fonteneau , or `` Stade de la Beaujoire '' ( French pronunciation : ​(stad də la boˈʒwaʁ ) ) , is a stadium in Nantes , France .
The Ciudad Real Madrid ( Real Madrid City ) is the name given to Real Madrid 's training facilities located outside Madrid in Valdebebas near Barajas airport .
The ImaginAsian was a movie theater in midtown Manhattan , New York City , dedicated to exclusively showcasing Asian and Asian American films .
Stovner is a district located to the far north east of the city of Oslo , Norway .
Naseh Tavis ( Persian : نسه طاويس‎ , also Romanized as Naseh Ţāvīs ) is a village in Bahmayi - ye Sarhadi - ye Sharqi Rural District , Dishmok District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Czepielowice ( t͡ʂɛpjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubsza , within Brzeg County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Waldersbach is a French - speaking commune in the Bas - Rhin department in Alsace - Champagne - Ardenne - Lorraine in north - eastern France .
Port Charlotte High School ( PCHS ) is a four - year , comprehensive , public high school located in Port Charlotte , Florida , US .
Lindenhurst Senior High School ( LSHS ) is a public high school in Lindenhurst , New York on the South Shore of Long Island .
The AG Märkische Kleinbahn or MKB in Berlin is a German railway museum and heritage railway , founded in 1981 , with legal status as a society since 1982 .
Texas Christian University ( TCU ) is a private , coeducational university located in Fort Worth , Texas .
Indian Hill House is a private residence named for the Indian Hills of Groton , Massachusetts .
Talli - ye Kushk ( Persian : تلي كوشك‎ , also Romanized as Tallī - ye Kūshk ; also known as Tall - e Kūshk ) is a village in Khabar Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sigavé ( also Singave or Sigave ) is one of the three official chiefdoms of the French territory of Wallis and Futuna ( the other two being Uvea and Alo ) in Oceania in the South Pacific Ocean .
Garden Street Academy is a K-12 independent school located in Santa Barbara , California , United States .
The Frankfurter Tor ( `` Frankfurt Gate '' ) is a large square in the inner - city Friedrichshain locality of Berlin , the capital city of Germany .
Lervik is a village in the municipality of Fredrikstad , Norway , located by the Oslofjord .
Habaja is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Kose Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia .
Łobżany ( pronunciation : ( wɔbˈʐanɨ ) , German : Labes A und D , Labes Tivoli ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ivy City is a small neighborhood in Northeast Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Kojid Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كجيد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Rankuh District , Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kalinga Park is a heritage - listed park at 100 Bertha Street , Wooloowin , City of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Lialehkal - e Pain ( Persian : لياله كل پايين‎ , also Romanized as Līālehkal - e Pā’īn ; also known as Līālekal ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Monte Brè funicular , or Funicolare Cassarate - Monte Brè , is a funicular railway in the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino .
Comins Hall , also known as the East Eddington Public Hall and the Eddington - Clifton Civic Center , is a historic social and civic meeting hall at 1387 Main Road in Eddington , Maine .
Ražanac ( Italian : Rassanze ) is a municipality in Croatia in the Zadar County .
National Museums Scotland and partners have developed the National Museum of Rural Life , previously known as the Museum of Scottish Country Life , which is based at Wester Kittochside farm , lying between the town of East Kilbride in South Lanarkshire and the village of Carmunnock in Glasgow .
WJOG , officially owned by Michigan Community Radio , is licensed to Good Hart , Michigan , and Petoskey , Michigan .
Małoziemce ( mawɔˈʑɛmt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Uhruska , within Włodawa County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Baghu Nallah is famous for its Gurudwara in the memory of great saints of Jammu and Kashmir Sant Mela Singh and Sant Rocha Singh .
Kurdi or Curdi ( Konkani:कु्र्डि ) is a census town in Sanguem taluka , South Goa district in the state of Goa , India .
Chahar Khaneh Sar - e Bala ( Persian : چهارخانه سر بالا‎ , also Romanized as Chahār Khāneh Sar - e Bālā ) is a village in Layl Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Union County Magnet High School ( UCMHS ) is a magnet public high school located in Scotch Plains on the Union County Vocational Technical Schools Campus , serving the vocational and technical educational needs of students in ninth through twelfth grades throughout Union County , New Jersey , United States .
Wasilczyki ( vaɕilˈt͡ʂɨki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Hattstedtermarsch ( Danish : Hatsted Marsk , North Frisian : Haatstinger Määrsch ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Pain Dasteh - ye Rakan Kola ( Persian : پايين دسته ركن كلا‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Dasteh - ye Rakan Kolā ; also known as Āzād Maḩalleh and Pā’īn Dasteh ) is a village in Kiakola Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Siennica Królewska Mała ( ɕɛnˈnit͡sa kruˈlɛfska ˈmawa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica Różana , within Krasnystaw County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Hanover - Horton High School ( formerly Hanover - Horton Central Secondary School ) is a public secondary school located in Horton , Michigan , U.S ..
Red Willow Dam ( National ID # NE01076 ) is a dam in Frontier County , Nebraska , about ten miles northwest of McCook .
The Musée de Tahiti et des Îles ( `` Museum of Tahiti and the Islands '' ) , Tahitian Te Fare Manaha ( `` the Museum '' ) , is a Polynesian ethnographic museum in the village of Punaauia on Tahiti .
Providence Dyeing , Bleaching , Calendring Company ( or Valley Bleachery ) is an historic industrial complex located at 46,50,52,60 Valley Street and 80 Delaine Street in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Fillmore is a historic music venue in San Francisco , California , made famous by Bill Graham .
The Mojave phone booth was a lone telephone booth in what is now the Mojave National Preserve in California , which attracted online attention in 1997 for its unusual location .
Lake Ilsanjo is a man - made lake located in Annadel State Park east of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County , California , United States .
Kurumpirai is a village in the Cheyyur taluk under Polambakkam postal area of Kanchipuram District , Tamil Nadu , India .
The Lexington Battle Green , properly known as Lexington Common , is the historic town common of Lexington , Massachusetts .
Shahi Sara ( Persian : شاهي سرا‎ , also Romanized as Shāhī Sarā ; also known as Khomeynī Sarā and Shāh Sarā ) is a village in Machian Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Salakh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان صلخ‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Shahab District of Qeshm County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Makemo Airport is an airport on Makemo in French Polynesia ( IATA : MKP , ICAO : NTGM ) .
Dongzhou District ( simplified Chinese : 东洲区 ; traditional Chinese : 東洲區 ; pinyin : Dōngzhōu Qū ; literally : `` East Continent '' ) , is one of the four districts under the administration of Fushun City , in Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China .
Šuljci ( Serbian Cyrillic : Шуљци ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pingjum ( West Frisian : Penjum ) is a village in the municipality of Súdwest - Fryslân in Friesland , in the northern Netherlands and lies 6.6 kilometres ( 4.1 mi ) South - west of Harlingen .
Wola Rębkowska ( ˈvɔla rɛmpˈkɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Garwolin , within Garwolin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Lenarczyce ( lɛnarˈt͡ʂɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Obrazów , within Sandomierz County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Sar Khong ( Persian : سرخنگ‎ , also Romanized as Sar - e Khong , Sar - i - Khung , Sar Khank , and Sar Khonak ; also known as Bāgh - e Sar Khonak ) is a village in Qohestan Rural District , Qohestan District , Darmian County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Fruitvale Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the southern San Joaquin Valley , California , within and just northwest of the city of Bakersfield , along and north of the Kern River .
Lufker Airport ( FAA LID : 49N , formerly O00 ) is a privately owned , public use airport located one nautical mile ( 2 km ) northeast of the central business district of East Moriches , in Suffolk County , New York , United States .
Doorn is a town in the municipality of Utrechtse Heuvelrug in the central Netherlands , in the province of Utrecht .
Bowie State University ( `` Bowie State '' ) is a public university located on 355½ acres ( 1.4 km² ) in unincorporated Prince George 's County , Maryland , United States , north of the suburban city of Bowie .
Haab 's Restaurant is located in downtown Ypsilanti , Michigan , at 18 West Michigan Avenue .
KAAZ - FM ( 106.7 FM ) is a mainstream rock formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City , Utah area on 106.7 FM .
Pol Mahit ( Persian : پل ماهيت‎ , also Romanized as Pol Māhīt ; also known as Mahakī Pol Māhīyat , Mahakī Pūl Māhī , Mahkī Pol Māhī , and Pūl Mahib ) is a village in Beshiva Pataq Rural District , in the Central District of Sarpol - e Zahab County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Żeliszewo ( ʐɛliˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Recz , within Choszczno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Muddy Creek Mill is a historic grist mill complex and national historic district located in Tamworth , Cumberland County , Virginia .
Mazraeh - ye Ab Shirin ( Persian : مزرعه اب شيرين‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Āb Shīrīn ) is a village in Dehrud Rural District , Eram District , Dashtestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 54 , in 12 families .
Lake Hindmarsh , an eutrophic lake located in the Wimmera region of western Victoria , Australia , is the state 's largest natural freshwater lake .
The Round Mountain Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada , about 10 miles ( 16 km ) northeast of Bakersfield , California , United States .
Lake Okabena is a small lake located in Nobles County in southwestern Minnesota .
Lanping Bai and Pumi Autonomous County ( 兰坪白族普米族自治县 ; pinyin : Lánpíng báizú pǔmǐzú Zìzhìxiàn ) is located in Nujiang Lisu Autonomous Prefecture , Yunnan province , China .
Sant Miquel de Tudela is a church located near Cervera ( Catalonia ) .
Licensed to Hollister , California , USA , it serves the Hollister area and also broadcasts in the Salinas area on the booster KXSM - FM1 ( 93.1 MHz ) .
Sławutówko ( swavuˈtufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puck , within Puck County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tymianki - Moderki ( tɨˈmjaŋki mɔˈdɛrki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boguty - Pianki , within Ostrów Mazowiecka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Sycowa Huta ( sɨˈt͡sɔva ˈxuta ) ( Kashubian : Zëcowô Hëta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kościerzyna , within Kościerzyna County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Glasgow Dental Hospital and School is a dental teaching hospital , situated in the Garnethill area of the city centre of Glasgow , Scotland .
Helmarshausen Abbey ( German : Kloster Helmarshausen ) was a Benedictine monastery situated in the small town of Helmarshausen , now part of Bad Karlshafen in Hesse , Germany .
Roccavaldina ( Sicilian : Roccavaddina ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Messina in the Italian region Sicily , located about 180 kilometres ( 110 mi ) east of Palermo and about 15 kilometres ( 9 mi ) west of Messina .
Job Ross House at 817 Exchange Street is a historic house in Astoria in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Gurband Rural District ( Persian : دهستان گوربند‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Puraki ( Persian : پوركي‎ , also Romanized as Pūrakī , Pooraki , and Powrakī ) is a village in Rudbar Rural District , in the Central District of Rudbar - e Jonubi County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Museo Barracco di Scultura Antica ( Italian , Barracco Museum of Antique Sculpture ) is a museum in Rome , Italy , featuring a collection of works acquired by the collector Giovanni Barracco , who donated his collection to the City of Rome in 1902 .
Providence Plantation and Farm , also known as Fogg House and Farm , is a historic plantation home located near Newtown , King and Queen County , Virginia .
Wakarowo ( vakaˈrɔvɔ ) ( German : Wackelsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk , within Elbląg County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bushey ( population 24,000 ) is a town in the Hertsmere borough of Hertfordshire in the East of England .
Lo Miranda is a Chilean city , located in the commune of Doñihue , O'Higgins Region .
Sowi Dół ( ˈsɔvi ˈduu̯ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaliska , within Starogard County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dusrakhan ( Persian : دوسرخان‎‎ , also Romanized as Dūsrakhān ) is a village in Mishan Rural District , Mahvarmilani District , Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Hajj Khadijeh ( Persian : حاج خديجه‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājj Khadījeh ) is a village in Koregah - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Weiss Hall , also known as the Judge Edmund Taylor House , is a historic dormitory located on the campus of Wilkes University at Wilkes - Barre , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania .
Stanley Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County , Idaho , United States , located at the base of the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
The Allen Hazen Water Tower is an historic structure located on the west side of Des Moines , Iowa , United States .
Dorożki ( dɔˈrɔʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Porto Judeu , which means `` Jewish Port '' in Portuguese , is a parish in the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo on the island of Terceira in the Azores .
McClung 's Price Place , also known as Hillyrock Farm , is a historic home and farm located at Lewisburg , Greenbrier County , West Virginia .
Rey Golal ( Persian : ری گلال‎ , also Romanized as Rey Golāl ) is a village in Mazu Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Central Trust Company Buildings are two historic commercial buildings located at Altoona , Blair County , Pennsylvania .
Findo Gask is a small village in Perth and Kinross in Scotland , just off the main A9 road .
Southampton Village Historic District is a historic district in Southampton , New York , in Suffolk County .
Vazmestan ( Persian : وزمستان‎ , also Romanized as Vazmestān ; also known as Vazmestān - e Namak Kesht Varzeh ) is a village in Zaz - e Gharbi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Poshteh Karun ( Persian : پشته كارون‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh Kārūn ) is a village in Amjaz Rural District , in the Central District of Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Stygajny ( stɨˈɡai̯nɨ ) ( German : Stigehnen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoskinia , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tineo ( Asturian Tinéu ) is a concejo ( municipality ) in the Principality of Asturias , Spain .
Mikulin - Parcela ( miˈkulin parˈt͡sɛla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jeżów , within Brzeziny County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The Drömling is a sparsely populated depression on the border of Lower Saxony and Saxony - Anhalt in Germany with an area of about 340 square kilometres ( 130 sq mi ) .
Palangiabad , Zahedan ( Persian : پلنگی‌آباد‎ ) is a village in Cheshmeh Ziarat Rural District , in the Nosratabad of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wiartel Mały ( ˈvjartɛl ˈmawɨ ) ( German : Klein Wiartel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khor Deh Larim ( Persian : خرده لاريم‎ , also Romanized as Khor Deh Lārīm ; also known as Khvor Deh Lārīm ) is a village in Larim Rural District , Gil Khuran District , Juybar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Walker Adams House is a c. 1875 Italianate style residence located on the eastside of Davenport , Iowa , United States .
Limavady ( /lɪməˈvædi/ ; from Irish Léim a ' Mhadaidh , meaning `` leap of the dog '' ) is a market town in County Londonderry , Northern Ireland , with Binevenagh as a backdrop .
Nowgardan ( Persian : نوگردن‎ ) is a village in Bala Khiyaban - e Litkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Qazqan ( Persian : قازقان‎ , also Romanized as Qāzqān ) is a village in Meyami Rural District , Razaviyeh District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Chasht Khvoreh ( Persian : چاشت خوره‎ , also Romanized as Chāsht Khvoreh , Chāsht Khowreh , Chāshtkhūreh , and Chāshtkhvoreh ; also known as Chāshtkhoreh ) is a village in Qolqol Rud Rural District , Qolqol Rud District , Tuyserkan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
Holudar - e Pain ( Persian : هلودرپايين‎ , also Romanized as Holūdar - e Pā’īn , Ḩalūdar - e Pā’īn , and Haludar Pā’īn ; also known as Ḩalūdar ) is a village in Barakuh Rural District , Jolgeh - e Mazhan District , Khusf County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Borecki Dwór ( bɔˈrɛt͡ski ˈdvur ) ( German : Borkenhof ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Neu Isenburg station is on the Rhine - Main S - Bahn in Neu - Isenburg in the German state of Hesse .
Abkuhi ( Persian : ابكوهي‎ , also Romanized as Ābkūhī ; also known as Ābgūhī and Meydānī ) is a village in Piveshk Rural District , Lirdaf District , Jask County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The House at 28 Wiley Street in Wakefield , Massachusetts is an unusual Federal or Georgian style house .
The Statler Hotel & Residences is an iconic hotel of mid - twentieth century design located at 1914 Commerce Street in downtown Dallas , Texas ( USA ) .
Burns Lake ( LD Air ) Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CLD3 ) , is located on Burns Lake 1.4 nautical miles ( 2.6 km ; 1.6 mi ) south southeast of Burns Lake , British Columbia , Canada .
Fåglavik is a bimunicipal village situated in Herrljunga Municipality and Vara Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Chah - e Zul ( Persian : چاه زول‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Zūl ) is a village in Bostan Rural District , Sangan District , Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Campbellford is a small town in Northumberland County , Ontario , Canada , in the municipality of Trent Hills .
Ellhöft ( Danish : Ellehoved ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Kakusan ( Persian : كاكوسان‎ , also Romanized as Kākūsān ) is a village in Alan Rural District , in the Central District of Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Borough of Rugby is a local government district with borough status in eastern Warwickshire , England .
Tylicz ( ˈtɨlʲit͡ʂ ) ( Ukrainian : Тилич , Tylych ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krynica - Zdrój , within Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the border with Slovakia .
Gardiners Bay is a small arm of the Atlantic Ocean , approximately 10 mi ( 16 km ) long and 8 mi ( 13 km ) wide in the U.S. state of New York between the two flukelike peninsulas at the eastern end of Long Island .
Šolaji ( Cyrillic : Шолаји ) , is a village in Kneževo municipality , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) is a stock exchange located in the City of London in the United Kingdom .
Piękna Studnia ( ˈpjɛnkna ˈstudɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
King 's Chapel Burying Ground is a historic cemetery at King 's Chapel on Tremont Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Dehnow - e Markazi ( Persian : دهنومركزي‎ , also Romanized as Dehnow - e Markazī ) is a village in Rostam - e Do Rural District , in the Central District of Rostam County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Montague Center Historic District encompasses the well - preserved 19th century village center of Montague , Massachusetts .
Faku County ( simplified Chinese : 法库县 ; traditional Chinese : 法庫縣 ; pinyin : Fǎkù Xiàn ) is under the administration of Shenyang , the capital of Liaoning province , People 's Republic of China , 77 km ( 48 mi ) north of downtown Shenyang .
Killilan ( Scottish Gaelic : Cill Fhaolain ) is a remote hamlet , at the base of Ben Killilan , at the east end of Loch Long , in Lochalsh in the Highlands of Scotland and is in the council area of Highland .
Villa Kleineh ( also House of Adlercreutz ) is an old villa in Helsinki 's Kaivopuisto , opposite Kaivohuone .
Ignești ( Hungarian : Ignafalva ) is a commune in Arad County , Romania , is situated at the southern foot of Codru - Moma Mountains , in the Ineu - Gurahonț Basin .
Bolzano Bellunese is an Italian village , hamlet ( frazione ) of Belluno , in the Veneto .
Peoria Notre Dame High School is a Catholic parochial high school in Peoria , Illinois .
Now Deh - e Pashtak ( Persian : نوده پشتك‎ ; also known as Now Deh - e Pashang , Naudeh Pasang , Now Deh Pashang , Now Deh - Ye - Pashang , and Pashang ) is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District , in the Central District of Gonabad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wilsford cum Lake is a civil parish in the Woodford valley in Wiltshire , England .
Pinole Valley High School is a high school in Pinole , California , which is located in Contra Costa County .
Nowy Przybysław ( ˈnɔvɨ pʂɨˈbɨswaf ) ( formerly German Neu Pribslaff ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świdwin , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Jargalan Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جرگلان‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ludhiana district is one of the 22 districts in the state of Punjab in North - West Republic of India .
Tol - e Ashki ( Persian : تل اشكي‎ , also Romanized as Tol - e Ashkī and Tolashkī ; also known as Tūl Ashki ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Bushehr County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kotorsko ( Cyrillic : Которско ) is a Bosniak village in the municipality of Doboj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Deh Mahmud ( Persian : ده محمود‎ , also Romanized as Deh Maḩmūd , Deh - e Maḩmood , and Deh - e Maḩmūd ; also known as Deh - e Moḩammad ) is a village in Chahar Gonbad Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The former Columbia Ranch is located at 411 N. Hollywood Way in Burbank , California and is now called the Warner Bros. Ranch .
The Neal Clothing Building is the oldest existing building on the central square of Lima , Ohio , United States .
Christ Church , Teddington is an independent Reformed Protestant Congregational church on Christchurch Avenue in Teddington , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
SITE Santa Fe ( often referred to simply as SITE ) is a non - profit contemporary arts organization based in Santa Fe , New Mexico .
Silom ( or Si Lom , Thai : สีลม windmill ) is a sub - District and road in Bang Rak district , Bangkok , Thailand .
Sixmilebridge ( Irish : Droichead Abhann Uí gCearnaigh , meaning `` Bridge of the River of O'Kearney '' ) is a small town in County Clare , Ireland .
Chimney Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide just south of Quadra Mountain .
The University of Akron College of Business Administration ( CBA ) is the business school at The University of Akron , located in Akron , Ohio .
Cuyamaca Peak is a mountain peak of the Cuyamaca Mountains range , in San Diego County , southern California .
The Stafford Hill Memorial is a stone memorial on Stafford Hill Road in Cheshire , Massachusetts .
Hafnarfjörður is a port town and municipality located on the southwest coast of Iceland , about 10 km ( 6 mi ) south of Reykjavík .
Skindzierz ( ˈskind͡ʑeʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korycin , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
The School of Pythagoras is the oldest building in St John 's College , Cambridge , and the oldest secular building in Cambridge , England .
Szczepkowo - Borowe ( ʂt͡ʂɛpˈkɔvɔ bɔˈrɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bayazeh ( Persian : بياضه‎ , also Romanized as Bayāẕeh , Bayāzeh , and Baiāzeh ; also known as Bayāzīyeh and Bīabānāk ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Khur and Biabanak County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Henry T. Rainey Farm is a historic farm located on the north side of Illinois Route 108 in Greene County , Illinois , east of Carrollton .
The English High School of Boston , Massachusetts is one of the first public high schools in America , founded in 1821 .
The ruins of Didyma are located at a short distance to the northwest of modern Didim in Aydin Province , Turkey , whose name is derived from Didyma 's .
Nowa Słupca ( ˈnɔva ˈswupt͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bulkowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Refahiye ( Kurdish : Gercan , Armenian : Կերճանիս , Gerjanis ) is a town and district of Erzincan Province in the Eastern Anatolia region of Turkey .
Giwaipani is a hill station ( village ) in Almora district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand .
Museum St. Ingbert is a former art museum in St. Ingbert , Saarland , Germany .
The New York Stadium , known as the AESSEAL New York Stadium for sponsorship purposes , is a football stadium in Rotherham , South Yorkshire , England .
The Bowmanville POW camp also known as Camp 30 was a Canadian - run POW camp for German soldiers during World War II located in the community of Bowmanville , Ontario in Clarington , Ontario , Canada ( 2020 Lambs Road ) .
Abu Sadi ( Persian : ابوسعدي‎ , also Romanized as Abū Sa``dī ) is a village in Fazl Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 992 , in 264 families .
Tennyson High School is a high school in Hayward , California formed in 1957 .
Miecznikowo - Sowy ( mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ˈsɔvɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Shire of Irwin is a local government area in the Mid West region of Western Australia , about 50 kilometres ( 31 mi ) south of Geraldton and about 360 kilometres ( 224 mi ) north of the state capital , Perth .
Big and Little Indian Rock Petroglyphs is a prehistoric archaeological site located at Conestoga Township in Lancaster County , Pennsylvania .
Boniewo - Kolonia ( bɔˈɲevɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Boniewo , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Clisson ( Breton : Klison ) , is a commune in the Loire - Atlantique département in Pays de la Loire in western France .
The Squire Creek Country Club is a private , members - only country club located in Choudrant , Louisiana , just 5 miles northeast of Ruston .
Runowo - Kolonia ( ruˈnɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylnica , within Słupsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cattedown is an inner city suburb of Plymouth , Devon .
The 688 Club was a popular alternative music venue in Atlanta , Georgia , located at 688 Spring Street , near the intersection of Spring and 3rd Streets .
Wólka Pracka ( ˈvulka ˈprat͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piaseczno , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Konjineh ( Persian : كنجينه‎ , also Romanized as Konjīneh ; also known as Ganjīneh , Kanjīna , and Kanjīyeh ) is a village in Sangestan Rural District , in the Central District of Hamadan County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Foellinger Auditorium , located at 709 S. Mathews Avenue in Urbana , Illinois on the campus of the University of Illinois at Urbana - Champaign , is a concert hall and the university 's largest lecture hall .
Sikkim Manipal University ( SMU ) is a co - educational public - private funded university located in Gangtok , Sikkim , India .
Antrim Lower is a barony in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
The George B. Horton and Amanda Bradish Farmstead is a privately owned farmhouse that sits on 40 acres ( 16 ha ) of land at 4650 West Horton Road in rural Fairfield Township in Lenawee County , Michigan .
Arand ( Persian : آرند‎ , also Romanized as Ārand ; also known as Aran ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Munising Rear Range Light works with the Munising Front Range Light to project a line of light out into Lake Superior in order to guide boats from the open lake into the safe harbor at Munising , Michigan .
The Afgedamde Maas ( Dammed - up Meuse ) is a former distributary of the Maas River ( French : Meuse ) in the Dutch provinces of North Brabant and Gelderland .
Nardin Park United Methodist Church is a Methodist church located in Farmington Hills , Michigan .
St Bees is a village , civil parish and electoral ward in the Copeland district of Cumbria on the Irish Sea coast just south of St. Bees Head , the most westerly point of Northern England .
Designated by the United States Congress in 1986 , the Big Laurel Branch Wilderness is a 6,332-acre ( 26 km2 ) wilderness area within Carter County in the U.S. state of Tennessee .
Agridia ( Greek : Αγρίδια ) is a village in the Limassol District of Cyprus , located 2 kilometres ( 1.2 mi ) south of Chandria .
Hulasu Rural District ( Persian : دهستان هولاسو‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tartak Brzózki ( ˈtartak ˈbʐuski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radziejowice , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Poshteh Hir ( Persian : پشته هير‎ , also Romanized as Poshteh Hīr ; also known as Līrd ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Forum 303 Mall was a shopping mall built at Pioneer Parkway ( Spur 303 ) and SH 360 in Arlington , Texas in the Mid - Cities between Fort Worth and Dallas .
Devanahalli , also called `` Devandahalli '' , `` Dyaavandalli '' , Devanadoddi and Devanapura , is a town and Town Municipal Council in Bangalore Rural district in the state of Karnataka in India .
Laurelwood Academy is a private secondary school affiliated with the Seventh - day Adventist Church near Jasper , Oregon , United States .
Salzhemmendorf is a village and a municipality in the Hamelin - Pyrmont district , in Lower Saxony , Germany .
The Toronto Power Generating Station is a former generating station located along the Niagara River in Niagara Falls , Ontario , Canada , slightly upstream from the newer Rankine power station .
First Old School Baptist Church of Roxbury and Vega Cemetery is a historic Baptist church and cemetery located at Roxbury in Delaware County , New York .
Morvah is a civil parish and village on the Penwith peninsula in west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Kalateh - ye Yavari ( Persian : كلاته ياوري‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Yāvarī and Kalāteh - ye Yāvari ) is a village in Aladagh Rural District , in the Central District of Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Odhra is a village in the Dasuya ( Dasua ) block of the Hoshiarpur district in Punjab , India .
Tin Chiu Street ( Chinese : 電照街 ) is a street in Tsat Tsz Mui of North Point in Hong Kong .
Devarayasamudram is a hamlet some 90 km outside of Bangalore in Karnataka , India .
Ramotshere Moiloa Local Municipality ( formerly Zeerust Local Municipality ) is a local municipality in Ngaka Modiri Molema District Municipality , North West Province , South Africa .
Send - e Pain ( Persian : سندپائين‎ , also Romanized as Send - e Pā’īn and Send - e Pāeen ) is a village in Rud Pish Rural District , in the Central District of Fuman County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Liciszewy ( lit͡ɕiˈʂɛvɨ ) ( German : Lietzengrund ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czernikowo , within Toruń County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Waubonsee Community College is a community college , founded in 1966 , located in the western suburbs of Chicago , Illinois .
Baildon is a civil parish and town in north Bradford in Northern England .
The Bedford Center Historic District encompasses the historic heart of the town of Bedford , Massachusetts .
Trippstadt House ( German : Trippstadter Schloss ) is an 18th - century , baroque schloss or manor house in the eponymous village in the German state of Rhineland - Palatinate .
Białe Piątkowo ( ˈbjawɛ pjɔntˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Freitagsheim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miłosław , within Września County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Papudo is a Chilean commune located in the Petorca Province , Valparaíso Region .
Arjak ( Persian : ارجك‎ , also Romanized as Erjak ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , in the Central District of Nain County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pa Kam - e Bala ( Persian : پاكم بالا‎ , also Romanized as Pā Kam - e Bālā ) is a village in Mosaferabad Rural District , Rudkhaneh District , Rudan County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Barnett - Attwood House is a historic house outside New Edinburg in Cleveland County , Arkansas .
Fishkill Correctional Facility is a medium security prison in New York , USA .
Cheriazheekkal is a village in the Alappad panchayat in the town of Karunagapalli in Kerala , India .
Chłopy ( ˈxwɔpɨ ) ( German : Bauerhufen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mielno , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
St. Maughans ( Welsh : Llanfocha ) is a village in Monmouthshire , south east Wales , United Kingdom .
Tortoise Mountain TV Tower ( simplified Chinese : 龟山电视塔 ; traditional Chinese : 龜山電視塔 ; pinyin : Guī Shān Diànshì Tǎ ) is a 311.4 metres ( 1,022 ft ) high TV Tower at Wuhan , People 's Republic of China .
Blackstone Army Airfield ( IATA : BKT , ICAO : KBKT , FAA LID : BKT ) , also known as Allen C. Perkinson Airport , is located two miles ( 3 km ) east of the central business district of Blackstone , a town in Nottoway County , Virginia , United States .
Kipling GO Station is a GO Transit railway station along the Milton line rail corridor in the Greater Toronto Area , Ontario , Canada .
Frost & Adams ( est.1869 ) was an artists ' supply firm in Boston , Massachusetts , located in Cornhill , on the current site of Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza .
Dunwoody High School is a public high school in Dunwoody , an incorporated city in DeKalb County , Georgia , United States .
The Eastern Cemetery is a historic cemetery at the intersection of Washington Avenue and Congress Street in the East Bayside neighborhood of Portland , Maine .
Nidaros Cathedral ( Norwegian : Nidarosdomen / Nidaros Domkirke ) is a Church of Norway cathedral located in the city of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Zamordeje ( zamɔrˈdɛjɛ ) ( German : Samordei ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ruciane - Nida , within Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Labak ( Persian : لبك‎ ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Żarzyn ( ˈʐaʐɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Schmargendorf is a south - western locality ( Ortsteil ) of Berlin in the district ( Bezirk ) of Charlottenburg - Wilmersdorf .
The 1952 Hokkaido earthquake , which occurred at 10:22:41 local time on 4 March in the sea near Tokachi District , Hokkaidō , had a magnitude of 8.1 on the moment magnitude scale .
WAXI ( branded as `` Good Time Oldies 104.9 '' ) is a radio station serving the Terre Haute , Indiana area with an oldies format .
Huker ( Persian : هوكر‎ , also Romanized as Hūker and Hūkar ) is a village in Poshtdarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Thorncrest Village is a neighbourhood in northwestern Toronto .
Andertons Mill is a small village in the West Lancashire district of Lancashire , England , and is part of the civil parish of Hilldale .
Berwick St Leonard is a small village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 8 miles ( 13 km ) southeast of Warminster and 14 miles ( 23 km ) west of Salisbury .
Westmoreland Mall , owned and operated by CBL & Associates Properties , Inc. , is a two - level , enclosed shopping mall in the municipality of Hempfield Township , Pennsylvania , southeast of Pittsburgh .
Fremantle Fishing Boat Harbour is a commercial marina in Fremantle , Western Australia adjacent to the more recently constructed Challenger Harbour .
The Barnes - Hiscock House , also known as the Corinthian Club , is a building at 930 James Street in Syracuse , New York .
The Roslyn Village Historic District encompasses the center of that village in the U.S. state of New York .
Flensburg station is the main station of the city of Flensburg in the German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Meleh - ye Balut ( Persian : مله بلوط‎ , also Romanized as Meleh - ye Balūţ ; also known as Morād ʿAlī ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Stockholm Municipality or the City of Stockholm ( Swedish : Stockholms kommun or Stockholms stad ) is a municipality in Stockholm County in east central Sweden .
Zirkul ( Persian : زيركول‎‎ , also Romanized as Zīrḵūl ) is a village in Tang - e Haft Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Tseung Kwan O South is at the south of Tseung Kwan O , which is located in Hong Kong , New Territories , a place that is near the `` Cityside '' .
Hakim Qeshlaqi ( Persian : حكيم قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩakīm Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Balghelu Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
The Château du Bois - Rouaud is a historic castle in Chéméré , Loire - Atlantique , France .
Cham - e Sohrab Khani ( Persian : چم سهراب خاني‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Sohrāb Khānī ; also known as Cham Sohrāb and Sohrābkhānī ) is a village in Kamfiruz - e Shomali Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Universalist Church of Westfield Center is a historic church in Westfield Center , Ohio , United States .
Wyrzeka ( vɨˈʐɛka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Śrem , within Śrem County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Tamm is a Gemeinde ( municipality ) in the district of Ludwigsburg , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Lawrence University is a liberal arts college and conservatory of music in Appleton , Wisconsin .
The William J. Rotch Gothic Cottage is a historic cottage on 19 Irving Street in New Bedford , Massachusetts .
Rancho Guadalupe y Llanitos de los Correos was a 8,858-acre ( 35.85 km2 ) Mexican land grant in the Salinas Valley , in present day Monterey County , California given in 1833 by Governor José Figueroa to Juan Malarin .
Konar - e Naru ( Persian : كنارنرو‎ , also Romanized as Konār - e Narū ; also known as Konān Derow , Konānrow , and Konār - e Rū ) is a village in Baghak Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
The Monterey Bay Aquarium ( MBA ) is a public aquarium located in Monterey , California , United States .
Shravanabelagola ( Kannada:ಶ್ರವಣಬೆಳಗೊಳ Śravaṇa Beḷagoḷa ) is a city located near Channarayapatna of Hassan district in the Indian state of Karnataka and is 158 km from Bangalore , the capital of the state .
Dileh ( Persian : ديله‎ , also Romanized as Dīleh ) is a village in Lavandevil Rural District , Lavandevil District , Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Clovelly Garden Apartments is an apartment complex located in northeast Portland Oregon listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Mankato Airport ( ICAO : KTKO , FAA LID : TKO ) is a city - owned public - use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) northwest of the central business district of Mankato , a city in Jewell County , Kansas , United States .
Muang Chet Ton ( Thai : ม่วงเจ็ดต้น ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Ban Khok District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Opole Lubelskie County ( Polish : powiat opolski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lublin Voivodeship , eastern Poland .
The Jardins de Salagon are a public park , museum and an ethnobotanical garden located in the town of Mane , in the Alpes - de - Haute - Provence Department of France .
The Collins College of Hospitality Management The Collins College of Hospitality Management is a college part of the California State Polytechnic University , Pomona ( Cal Poly Pomona ) .
The Stateburg Historic District is a historic district in Stateburg , in the High Hills of Santee area near Sumter , South Carolina in the United States .
The Paw Paw Cove Site is an archaeological site on the coast of Talbot County , Maryland .
Doncols ( Luxembourgish : Donkels , German : Donkols ) is a village in the commune of Winseler , in north - western Luxembourg .
Siah Baz ( Persian : سيه باز‎ , also Romanized as Sīah Bāz and Sīyāh Bāz ; also known as Seyyed `` Abbās ) is a village in Ivughli Rural District , Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 2,867 , in 694 families .
The John C. Proctor Recreation Center was constructed in Peoria , Illinois , United States in 1913 .
Ülgase is a village in Jõelähtme Parish , Harju County in northern Estonia .
The Canelo Hills Cienega Reserve , is a nature preserve southeast of Sonoita , Arizona on the east side of the Canelo Hills .
The Deer Creek Tunnel is an incomplete and abandoned double - track railroad tunnel through the Walnut Hills in Cincinnati , Ohio , United States .
Farkhar District is a district of Takhar Province , Afghanistan . It is located in southern east(130degree from north ) of Taloqan city the center of Takhar province .
Hietzing ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhiːtsɪŋ ) ) is the 13th municipal District of Vienna ( German : 13 . Bezirk , Hietzing ) .
Sefiddarbon ( Persian : سفيداربن‎ , also Romanized as Sefīddārbon ) is a village in Amlash - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Amlash County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Shucheng County ( simplified Chinese : 舒城县 ; traditional Chinese : 舒城縣 ; pinyin : Shūchéng Xiàn ) is a county in Anhui Province , People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Lu'an City .
Varcheshmeh ( Persian : ورچشمه‎ ) is a village in Qaleh Qafeh Rural District , in the Central District of Minudasht County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Aberdyfi ( English : Mouth of the River Dyfi ) , or Aberdovey ( the Anglicised spelling is in common use ) is a village and community on the north side of the estuary of the River Dyfi in Gwynedd , on the west coast of Wales .
The Casa de los Pinelo is a Renaissance building located in the centre of Seville in Spain .
Edgewood State Hospital was a tubercular / psychiatric hospital complex that formerly stood in Deer Park , New York , on Long Island , New York , USA .
Dowdeh Taj ( Persian : دوده تاج‎ , also Romanized as Dowdeh Tāj ; also known as Dodeh ) is a village in Ilat - e Qaqazan - e Sharqi Rural District , Kuhin District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Anderson Bay is a bay of Atlin Lake in northwestern British Columbia , Canada , located southwest of Pike Bay .
Brigg ( /'brɪg/ ) is a small market town in North Lincolnshire , England , with a population of 5,076 in 2,213 households ( 2001 UK census ) .
Schlosshöfe is a shopping mall in the centre of the city of Oldenburg , Lower Saxony , Germany .
Luite ( Estonian for `` Dune 's '' ) is a subdistrict ( asum ) in the district of Kesklinn ( Midtown ) , Tallinn , the capital of Estonia .
Alliance Municipal Airport ( IATA : AIA , ICAO : KAIA , FAA LID : AIA ) is in Box Butte County , Nebraska , three miles southeast of the city of Alliance , which owns it .
Rudolice nad Bílinou ( Rudolice upon Bílina ) is a district in the city of Most , Czech Republic .
Probištip Municipality ( Macedonian : Општина Пробиштип ( ˈprɔbiʃtip ) ) is an urban municipality in eastern Republic of Macedonia .
Ludlam Road , also West 67th Avenue , is a 21.8-mile ( 35.1 km ) north -- south street that runs west of downtown Miami in Miami - Dade County , Florida .
KWDZ ( 910 AM ) is a broadcast radio station licensed to Salt Lake City , Utah , serving the Salt Lake City metropolitan area .
The Tumblebug Complex Fire burned 14,570 acres ( 5,900 ha ) of Willamette National Forest land in Lane County , Oregon , United States , from September 12 , 2009 to October 2009 .
Kamiskotia Snow Resort is an alpine ski resort located outside Timmins , Ontario , Canada .
Mandi Faizabad ( منڈی فیض آباد ) is a small town of Nankana Sahib District in Pakistan .
Strzebielino - Wieś ( stʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
La Hougue Bie is a historic site , with museum , in the Jersey parish of Grouville .
Halle ( Saale ) ( German pronunciation : ( ˈhalə an dɛɐ̯ ˈzaːlə , `` Halle an der Saale '' ) ) is a city in the southern part of the German state Saxony - Anhalt .
Wiley Post Airport ( IATA : PWA , ICAO : KPWA , FAA LID : PWA ) is a city - owned public - use airport located seven nautical miles ( 13 km ) northwest of the central business district of Oklahoma City , Oklahoma .
Lost River Cave is a seven - mile cave system with a river running through it , with its upper entrance in Bowling Green , Kentucky , United States .
Fort Dufferin was a Canadian government post in southern Manitoba near the Canada - United States border at Emerson .
Stary Lipowiec ( ˈstarɨ liˈpɔvjɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Księżpol , within Biłgoraj County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Gloucester Park is a harness racing course in Perth , Western Australia .
Mojęcice ( mɔjɛnˈt͡ɕit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołów , within Wołów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The King Fahd International Stadium ( Arabic : أستاد الملك فهد الدولي‎ ) also nicknamed Pearl Of Stadiums , in Arabic ( Durrat Al - Mala'eb ) ( Arabic : درة الملاعب ) or simply The Pearl , in Arabic ( Addurra ) ( Arabic : الدرة ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Riyadh , Saudi Arabia .
Lower Kuttanad comprises taluks of Ambalapuzha , Kuttanad ( excluding Edathua , Thalavady and Muttar villages ) and northern half of Karthikapally taluk in Alappuzha district , Kerala , India .
Kenarrudkhaneh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان كناررودخانه‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Pokręt ( ˈpɔkrɛnt ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew , within Strzelce - Drezdenko County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
The David Stott Building is a class - A office building located at 1150 Griswold Street ( corner of Griswold and State Streets ) in Downtown Detroit , Michigan , within the Capitol Park Historic District .
It is the capital of Konin County and is located within the Greater Poland Voivodeship .
Turlock Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : O15 ) is a public airport located eight miles ( 13 km ) east of Turlock , serving Stanislaus County , California , USA .
Babiczki ( baˈbit͡ʂki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutomiersk , within Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Siah Rageh ( Persian : سياهرگه‎ , also Romanized as Sīah Rageh ; also known as Sīah Rag ) is a village in Hejdandasht Rural District , Salehabad District , Mehran County , Ilam Province , Iran .
The Port Stanley Terminal Rail ( PSTR ) is a heritage railway that passes over the historic tracks of The London and Port Stanley Railway ( L&PS ) between Port Stanley and St. Thomas , Ontario .
East Orange Stadium was a football stadium located at the intersection of North Clinton St. and Park Avenue in East Orange , New Jersey .
Senmonorom ( also romanised as Sen Monorom ) is the capital of Mondulkiri Province , Cambodia .
The Qiao Family Compound ( simplified Chinese : 乔家大院 ; traditional Chinese : 喬家大院 ; pinyin : Qiáojiā Dàyuàn ) is located in Qi County , Shanxi , China , approximately 30 kilometers northeast of the historic City of Pingyao .
Golunar ( Persian : گلونار‎ , also Romanized as Golūnār ) is a village in Jolgah Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Nesaz ( Persian : نساز‎ , also Romanized as Nesāz ; also known as Nesār ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Jonubi Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hot Springs State Park is a state - owned , public recreation area in Thermopolis , Wyoming , known for its hot springs , which flow at a constant temperature of 135 ° Fahrenheit .
Alvanaq ( Persian : الوانق‎ , also Romanized as Alvānaq ) is a village in Shiramin Rural District , Howmeh District , Azarshahr County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Agglomeration community of La Rochelle ( French : Communauté d'agglomération de La Rochelle ) is an intercommunal structure gathering La Rochelle with seventeen surrounding towns and villages of Aunis in the northern Charente - Maritime .
Langabad ( Persian : لنگ اباد‎ , also Romanized as Langābād ; also known as Nāşerābād ) is a village in Nakhlestan Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tajjar Akbar ( Persian : تجراكبر‎ ; also known as Mūsh Kosh and Tajjar Akbar - e Mūsh Kosh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Eslamabad - e Gharb County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Pont - y - Gilfach ( or Pont y Gilfach ) is a small village in the community of Henfynyw , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 70.1 miles ( 112.8 km ) from Cardiff and 184.4 miles ( 296.7 km ) from London .
The National Arts Club is a private club in Gramercy Park , Manhattan , New York City .
The Temple of Luna ( Latin : templum or aedes Lunae ) was a temple on the Aventine Hill in Rome , dedicated to Luna , the moon goddess .
Beebe , Arkansas is a city in White County , Arkansas , United States .
Andiagoundanoor village panchayat is one of the largest geographical areas in Tirupur district , Udumalpet taluk , Tamil Nadu , India .
Longhorn Dam is a dam crossing the Colorado River in Austin , Texas , USA , where it creates Lady Bird Lake .
Taraknagar ( তারকনগর ) is a village of Nadia district , West Bengal , India situated 99 km north of Kolkata .
Thomas Edison State University , formerly Thomas Edison State College , is a public institution of higher education located in Trenton , New Jersey .
Great Clacton is a residential suburb of Clacton - on - Sea in the Tendring district of Essex , England .
Kuajok , also spelled Kwajok , is a city in South Sudan , and the capital of Warrap State .
Abernathy Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : F83 ) is a public use airport in Hale County , Texas , United States .
Cheshmeh Raj ( Persian : چشمه رج‎ ; also known as Cheshmeh Rīj , Cheshmeh Reyj , and Cheshmeh Rīch ) is a village in Mud Rural District , Mud District , Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Truskolas ( trusˈkɔlas ) ( German : Trutzlatz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Płoty , within Gryfice County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Bad Gams is a municipality and , traditionally , a market town , in the district of Deutschlandsberg in Styria , Austria , roughly 30 km from Graz .
Zhangpu County ( Chinese : 漳浦 ; pinyin : Zhāngpǔ ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Chiuⁿ-phó͘ ) is a county of Zhangzhou prefecture - level city in far southern Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Stinging Fork Falls State Natural Area , a Tennessee Class II Natural - Scientific State Scenic Area , is located in Rhea County , Tennessee , near Spring City .
McFarland Peak is a limestone peak in the northern portion of the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada .
Gurkhar ( Persian : گورخار‎ , also Romanized as Gūrkhar and Gūr - e Khār ; also known as Kūreh Khvār , Gūr Khvār , Gowhar , and Gūreh Khār ) is a village in Bagh - e Keshmir Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Vleischfontein , also known as Sesobe , is a town in Moses Kotane Local Municipality in the North West province of South Africa .
The municipalities of Cerniaz , Combremont - le - Grand , Combremont - le - Petit , Granges - près - Marnand , Marnand , Sassel , Seigneux and Villars - Bramard merged on 1 July 2011 into the new municipality of Valbroye .
The Jenkins Music Company Building in Kansas City , Missouri was built in 1911 at 1217 - 1223 Walnut Street , located in the Kansas City Power and Light District .
Peoria Civic Center is a convention center located in downtown Peoria , Illinois .
Anielówka ( aɲeˈlufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Michów , within Lubartów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Gureh Qaleh ( Persian : گوره قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Gūreh Qal``eh ) is a village in Zu ol Faqr Rural District , Sarshiv District , Saqqez County , Kurdistan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 491 , in 98 families .
Henry Varnum Poor House , also known as `` Crow House , '' is a historic home located on South Mountain Road at New City in Rockland County , New York .
Brandon Parva is a small village near East Dereham and Norwich in Norfolk , England .
Sędziszew ( sɛnˈd͡ʑiʂɛf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn , within Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Porter Peak is the highest mountain in the Bull Run Mountains of northern Elko County , Nevada .
Górnowola ( ɡurnɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Korczyn , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bemani Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بماني‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Byaban District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Biamashak ( Persian : بيامشك‎ , also Romanized as Bīāmashaḵ ) is a village in Bizaki Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Salt River Fields at Talking Stick is a stadium complex located in the Salt River Pima - Maricopa Indian Community near Scottsdale , Arizona , at the former site of the Indian Bend Country Club .
Great Overland Station , listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Union Pacific Railroad Passenger Depot , is a museum and former railroad station in Topeka , Kansas .
The Dancing House ( Czech : Tančící dům ) , or Fred and Ginger , is the nickname given to the Nationale - Nederlanden building on the Rašínovo nábřeží ( Rašín Embankment ) in Prague , Czech Republic .
Walkhampton is a village and civil parish on the western side of Dartmoor in the county of Devon , England .
Hollywood Pacific Theatre is a movie theater located at 6433 Hollywood Blvd . in Hollywood , Los Angeles , California , on Hollywood 's famous Hollywood Walk of Fame .
Middle Rasen is a village and civil parish in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England , located about 1.5 miles ( 2.4 km ) west from the town of Market Rasen .
The Zero Gravity Research Facility at the NASA Glenn Research Center in Cleveland , Ohio is a unique facility designed to perform tests in a reduced gravity environment .
Qarah Kileh ( Persian : قره كيله‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Kīleh and Qareh Kīleh ) is a village in Jafarbay - ye Gharbi Rural District , Gomishan District , Torkaman County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Høsterkøb is a village in Rudersdal Municipality , located some 20 kilometres north of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Palo Verde Hospital is an acute care hospital located in Blythe , California .
Khat Parast ( Persian : خط پرست‎ , also Romanized as Khaţ Parast and Khaţţ Parast ) is a village in Khvoresh Rostam - e Shomali Rural District , Khvoresh Rostam District , Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Sha Tau Kok River ( Chinese : 沙頭角河 ; pinyin : Shātóujiǎo Hé ; Hong Kong Hakka : Sa1tiu2gok5 Ho2 ) , is a river between Hong Kong and Shenzhen .
Am ol Deyay - e Yek ( Persian : ام الدياي يك‎ , also Romanized as Ām ol Deyāy - e Yek ) is a village in Gheyzaniyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sumner Lake State Park is a state park of New Mexico , United States , located on the eastern plains about 8 miles ( 13 km ) northwest of Fort Sumner .
Dashli Qaleh ( Persian : داشلي قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Dāshlī Qal``eh ) is a village in Gholaman Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 910 , in 228 families .
Humberston is a village and civil parish south of Cleethorpes in North East Lincolnshire , England .
Eastern Montgomery High School is located in Elliston , Virginia and is one of four high schools in Montgomery County , Virginia .
Rayhan Agricultural Centre ( Persian : مزرعه كشاورزي ابوريحان‎ -- Mazra``eh - ye Keshāvarazī Abū Rayḥān ) is a company town and village in Ferunabad Rural District , in the Central District of Pakdasht County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 70 , in 25 families .
Mazmaz ( Persian : مزمز‎ ) is a village in Seyyedvaliyeddin Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Krześniaków ( kʂɛɕˈɲakuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Warka , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Gotawa is a village / town in Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Halq - e Kohekumi ( Persian : حلق كهكومي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩalq - e Kohekūmī ) is a village in Kuhak Rural District , in the Central District of Jahrom County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sharoysky District ( Russian : Шаройский райо́н ; Chechen : Шаройн Кӏошт ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic , Russia .
Cateran Hole is a circa 45 m length cave set in the Gritstone of Cateran Hill in Northumberland .
Smyrna Town Hall - Opera House is a historic town hall and theater at the hamlet of Smyrna in Chenango County , New York .
Lake Tawakoni State Park is a state park in Wills Point , Texas , in the United States .
Hoseynabad - e Khayyat ( Persian : حسين ابادخياط‎‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Khayyāṭ ; also known as Ḩoseynābād , Ḩoseyn Begī , and Ḩoseyn Beygī ) is a village in Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Selseleh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
WCDB is a college radio station located at The University at Albany in Albany , New York .
Stavsnäs is a locality situated on the north east part of the island Fågelbrolandet in Värmdö Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden with 810 inhabitants in 2010 .
Cooper Spur ski area is a ski area located on northeast Mount Hood , Oregon , United States .
Leuzinger High School is a public high school ( 9th through 12th grades ) in Lawndale , California .
Pachy ( ˈpaxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała Rawska , within Rawa County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
The College of New Caledonia ( CNC ) is a post - secondary educational institution that serves the residents of the Central Interior of British Columbia .
Anola , Manitoba , Canada , is an unincorporated community located 24 km east of Winnipeg and 40 km north of Steinbach in the Rural Municipality of Springfield .
The William Rainey Harper Log House , also known as the Harper Cabin , is located at 20 West Main Street in New Concord , Ohio , United States .
The House at 13 Sheffield Road in Wakefield , Massachusetts is a well preserved Craftman / Bungalow style house .
Nine hunts cover the area -- the Devon and Somerset Staghounds and the Quantock Staghounds , the Exmoor , Dulverton West , Dulverton Farmers and West Somerset Foxhounds , the Minehead Harriers , the West Somerset Beagles and the North Devon Beagles .
Obojnia ( ɔˈbɔi̯ɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany , within Stalowa Wola County , Podkarpackie Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Lost Cove Cave , also known as Buggytop Cave , is a cave in Franklin County , south Tennessee near the towns of Sewanee and Sherwood and close to the Alabama border .
Medicine Lake National Wildlife Refuge is a 31,533-acre ( 12,761 ha ) National Wildlife Refuge located in the northeastern region of the U.S. state of Montana .
Corona del Sol High School located in Tempe , Arizona , United States , was established in 1977 and is a part of the Tempe Union High School District .
The Chester Mental Health Center is one of two State of Illinois ' maximum security forensic mental health facilities for those committed via a court order or deemed an escape risk .
Hamzeh Reza ( Persian : حمزه رضا‎ , also Romanized as Ḩamzeh Reẕā ) is a village in Lalehabad Rural District , Lalehabad District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
St Mary 's , Twickenham , is a Grade II * listed Church of England place of worship dedicated to Saint Mary the Virgin in Church Street , Twickenham , in the London Borough of Richmond upon Thames .
Pong Pha ( Thai : โป่งผา ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Sai District , in Chiang Rai Province , Thailand .
Kahriz - e Salah ol Din ( Persian : كهريزصلاح الدين‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīz - e Şalāḩ ol Dīn and Kahrīz - e Şalāḩ od Dīn ; also known as Kahrīz and Kārīz ) is a village in Khezel - e Sharqi Rural District , Khezel District , Nahavand County , Hamadan Province , Iran .
The Canton of Séderon is a former canton located in the Department of Drôme , in the Arrondissement of Nyons .
Fine Music 102.5 ( ACMA callsign : 2MBS ) is a Sydney music radio station operated by the Music Broadcasting Society of New South Wales Co - Operative Limited .
The Second Rindge Meetinghouse , Horsesheds and Cemetery is a historic meeting house and cemetery on Old US 202 ( Main Street ) and Rindge Common in Rindge , New Hampshire .
The Glendola Reservoir is a reservoir in the Glendola section of Wall Township in Monmouth County , New Jersey .
Moasseseh - ye Kamili ( Persian : موسسه كميلي‎ , also Romanized as Moasseseh - ye Kamīlī ) is a village in Veys Rural District , Veys District , Bavi County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
On 1 January 1966 Nordre Høland was merged with Søndre Høland , Setskog and Aurskog to form the new municipality Aurskog - Høland .
The Witchery by the Castle is a restaurant on the Royal Mile near Edinburgh Castle which also provides bed and breakfast accommodation .
The Boston Music Hall was a concert hall located on Winter Street in Boston , Massachusetts , with an additional entrance on Hamilton Place .
Zatyshshia , translated as `` Calm '' ( Ukrainian : Затишшя ; Russian : Затишье ) is a town in the Frunzivka Raion of the Odessa Oblast in Ukraine .
Finkenwerder ( Low German : Finkwarder , Finkenwarder or - wärder ; German : Finkeninsel ; translation : Island of finches ) is a quarter of Hamburg , Germany in the borough Hamburg - Mitte .
Le Petit Trianon is a mansion on the grounds of De Anza College at 21250 Stevens Creek Blvd . , in Cupertino , California .
The Théâtre Graslin is a theatre and opera house in the city of Nantes in France .
Fort Howe was built by the British during the American Revolution shortly after the American Siege of Saint John ( 1777 ) , to protect Saint John from further American raids .
Piskaborn is a district of Mansfeld ( formerly Mansfelder Land ) in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Dollywood 's Splash Country is a water park located in Pigeon Forge , Tennessee , adjacent to the Dollywood theme park .
Lisala is the capital of Mongala District , Équateur province in northwestern Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Oostakker , formerly spelled Oostacker , is one of the smaller former municipalities which were merged into Ghent ( from which it is only two miles ) , the capital of the Belgian province of East Flanders .
Chateau Impney Hotel & Exhibition Centre is a Grade II * listed 19th - century house built in the style of an elaborate French château near Droitwich Spa in Worcestershire , England .
Goodsprings Schoolhouse , built in the Colonial Revival style , is located in Goodsprings , Nevada and is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places .
Mandalay Region ( Burmese : မန္တလေးတိုင်းဒေသကြီး , pronounced : ( máɴdəlé táiɴ dèθa̰ dʑí ) , formerly Mandalay Division ) is an administrative division of Myanmar .
Yakh Kesh ( Persian : يخ كش‎ , also Romanized as Yakh Kash ) is a village in Ashrestaq Rural District , Yaneh Sar District , Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Gongnong District ( simplified Chinese : 工农区 ; traditional Chinese : 工農區 ; pinyin : Gōngnóng Qū ) is a district of the city of Hegang , Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
The Jackson Mound is a Native American mound in the south - central portion of the U.S. state of Ohio .
Sirte District ( or Sirt or Surt District ; Arabic : سرت‎ Surt , pronunciation ) , is one of the districts of Libya .
Mount Bethel Methodist Church is a historic church in the Mount Bethel , New Jersey section of Mansfield Township , New Jersey , Warren County , New Jersey , United States .
Tha Duea ( Thai : ท่าเดื่อ ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Doi Tao District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Pruszynek ( pruˈʂɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siedlce , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The William Jefferson Clinton Federal Building is located in the Federal Triangle in Washington , D.C. , across 12th Street from the Old Post Office .
Greenpoint Historic District is a national historic district in Greenpoint , Brooklyn , New York , New York .
KRNA is a radio station licensed to Iowa City , Iowa , with studios in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
Pyramid Station is a pastoral lease and cattle station located approximately 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) east of Karratha in the Pilbara region of Western Australia .
Temeszów ( tɛˈmɛʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dydnia , within Brzozów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sompolinek ( sɔmpɔˈlinɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sompolno , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge at Tinicum is a 1000 acre ( 4.05 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge spanning Philadelphia and Delaware counties in Pennsylvania .
Julah is a village in Tejakula District in the regency of Buleleng in northeastern Bali , Indonesia .
Nancy Lake State Recreation Area is a lake - studded landscape in Alaska preserved for recreation purposes .
WPHD is located within the WMTT studios at 495 Chemung Street in Horseheads , New York 14845 .
The Burnside River is a river in the Canadian terrirory of Nunavut .
Moryń - Dwór ( ˈmɔrɨɲ ˈdvur ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Moryń , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kurmanów ( kurˈmanuf ) ( Ukrainian : Курманів , Kurmaniv ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białopole , within Chełm County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Heringsdorf Airport ( German : Flughafen Heringsdorf ) ( IATA : HDF , ICAO : EDAH ) is a regional airport located near Garz on the island of Usedom in Germany .
The Capitol of Puerto Rico ( Spanish : Capitolio de Puerto Rico ) is located on the Islet of San Juan just outside the walls of Old San Juan .
Hesar Juq ( Persian : حصارجوق‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Jūq ) is a village in Mazul Rural District , in the Central District of Nishapur County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Baba Marghuz ( Persian : بابامرغوز‎ , also Romanized as Bābā Marghūz ; also known as Baba - Marguz and Bābā Mūrqūz ) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District , Chavarzaq District , Tarom County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
The Longmeadow Historic District is a historic district encompassing the village green of Longmeadow , Massachusetts and properties in its immediate vicinity .
Hoseynabad - e Moradi ( Persian : حسين ابادمرادي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād - e Morādī ; also known as Ḩoseynābād ) is a village in Baqerabad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahallat County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Kirchol ( ˈkirxɔl ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Liluah ( also spelled Lillooah ) ( Hindi:लिलुआ , Bengali : লিলুয়া ) is a town near Bally municipality in Howrah district , West Bengal , India .
Campbell 's Ledge is a geographical feature north of Harding , PA and also near Pittston , Pennsylvania .
According to many sources ( including warholstars.com and the 1961 Max Ernst exhibition catalogue listed below ) , the Bodley Gallery was located ( through the 1950s and until at least November 1963 , according to the catalogue for a 1963 Jane Frank show ) at 223 East 60th Street , in Manhattan 's wealthy Upper East Side neighborhood .
Stradomno ( straˈdɔmnɔ ) ( German : Stradem ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iława , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Federal University of Minas Gerais ( Portuguese : Universidade Federal de Minas Gerais , UFMG ) is a federal university located in Belo Horizonte , state of Minas Gerais , Brazil .
Lowadeh ( Persian : لواده‎ , also Romanized as Lowādeh ) is a village in Kuhestani - ye Talesh Rural District , in the Central District of Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Purisima Creek Redwoods Open Space Preserve is located on the western slopes of historic Kings Mountain in Woodside , California .
The Brookfield Common Historic District encompasses a historically significant portion of the town center of Brookfield , Massachusetts .
WNYQ ( Q101.7 ) is a Classic Hits / Classic Rock radio station licensed to Hudson Falls , New York and serving the Glens Falls / Lake George area as well as Saratoga County .
One Transmitter is Licensed to East Porterville , California , USA , it serves the Tulare , California area , while KMEN is Licensed to Mendota , California .
Flying Ace Aerial Chase is a steel roller coaster at Kings Island in Mason , Ohio and Carowinds in Fort Mill , South Carolina .
Majareh ( Persian : مجره‎ , also Romanized as Majreh and Majarah ; also known as Madgera , Madghareh , and Madzhera ) is a village in Khanandabil - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Mundon is a village and civil parish on the Dengie peninsula in Maldon District in the county of Essex , England .
Gav Koshteh ( Persian : گاوكشته‎ , also Romanized as Gāv Koshtéh and Gāv Koshteh ; also known as Gāv Kosheh ) is a village in Heshmatabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dorud County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Osiek nad Notecią ( ˈɔɕɛk ˌnad nɔˈtɛt͡ɕɔ̃ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wyrzysk , within Piła County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Mysletice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈmɪslɛcɪtsɛ ) ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic .
Vazhakulam lies east of the town of Muvattupuzha in Ernakulam district on the Muvattupuzha - Thodupuzha road in Kerala , India .
Residential Care Centre , Seyyed Abbas ( Persian : منازل مسكوني مركزخدمات‎ -- Menāzl Masḵūnī Marḵaz Khodmāt ) is a village in Seyyed Abbas Rural District , Shavur District , Shush County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kalansura ( Persian : كلانسورا‎ , also Romanized as Kalānsūrā ; also known as Kalānsarā ) is a village in Ojarud - e Sharqi Rural District , Muran District , Germi County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Chal Siah Manchatun Jowkar ( Persian : چال سياه من چاتون جوكار‎ , also Romanized as Chāl Sīāh Manchātūn Jowkār ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Karaviq ( Persian : كرويق‎ , also Romanized as Karavīq ; also known as Karavī , Karvigh , Keyāralī , Kiarali , and Kyaraly ) is a village in Bakrabad Rural District , in the Central District of Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Proszkowice ( prɔʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków , within Wrocław County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Brown Pusey House , now the Brown Pusey House Community Center , is a historic home built by John Y. Hill at 128 N. Maine St. in Elizabethtown , Kentucky .
Mishu - e Jonubi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ميشوجنوبي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Sufian District , Shabestar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bardeh Kuyeh ( Persian : برده كويه‎ , also Romanized as Bardeh Kūyeh ; also known as Bard Kooyeh ) is a village in Mohr Rural District , in the Central District of Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
Skaføgård is a manor house in Hvilsager Parish in Syddjurs Municipality in the eastern Jutland peninsula of Djursland , Denmark .
Mirzamohammadi - ye Bala ( Persian : ميرزامحمدي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Mīrzāmoḩammadī - ye Bālā ; also known as Mīrzāmoḩammadī - ye `` Olyā ) is a village in Sornabad Rural District , Hamaijan District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 45 , in 10 families .
Miluyeh ( Persian : ميلويه‎ , also Romanized as Mīlūyeh ) is a village in Arad Rural District , Arad District , Gerash County , Fars Province , Iran .
Margir Deh ( Persian : مارگيرده‎ , also Romanized as Mārgīr Deh ) is a village in Kheyrud Kenar Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Makoszowy ( Zabrze - Makoszowy ) is a district of Zabrze , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland
Qol Quchan ( Persian : قلقوچان‎ , also Romanized as Qol Qūchān , Ghelghoochan , and Qalqūchān ) is a village in Chenaran Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Xinyuan County ( formerly Künes County ) ( Chinese : 新源县 ; Pinyin : Xīnyuán Xiàn ) is a county situated within the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and is under the administration of the Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture .
WXJY is a news / talk radio station licensed to Georgetown , South Carolina and serving the Grand Strand area .
Sarab - e Darab ( Persian : سراب داراب‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Dārāb ) is a village in Beyranvand - e Jonubi Rural District , Bayravand District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Armstrong 's Point ( informally referred to as The Gates ) is a neighbourhood in Winnipeg , Manitoba .
Driscoll Catholic High School was a private college preparatory high school in the village of Addison , Illinois .
Tyszki - Gostery ( ˈtɨʂki ɡɔsˈtɛrɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czerwin , within Ostrołęka County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Pipe Creek Sinkhole near Swayzee in Grant County , Indiana , is one of the most important paleontological sites in the interior of the eastern half of North America , preserved because it was buried by glacial till .
Wildcat Canyon is a narrow linear valley just east of the Berkeley Hills in the San Francisco Bay Area , situated in Contra Costa County , California .
Gallery 400 is a not - for - profit arts exhibition space within the College of Architecture , Design , and the Arts at the University of Illinois at Chicago .
Corral Hollow , formed by Corral Hollow Creek , is a canyon with part in Alameda County and parts in San Joaquin County , 6.5 miles ( 10.5 km ) southwest of Tracy , California .
The Alexander Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley , in northern San Bernardino County , California .
Deep Creek Hot Springs , DCHS , are natural hot springs located in the northern Mojave Desert section of the San Bernardino National Forest , near Hesperia in San Bernardino County , Southern California .
Truthwall is a hamlet southeast of Crowlas in the civil parish of Ludgvan , west Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Krasewicze - Jagiełki ( krasɛˈvit͡ʂɛ jaˈɡʲɛu̯ki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Farm to Market Road 2038 ( FM 2038 ) is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from FM 974 , 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) northeast of Tabor , southeastward to Business SH 21-H in Kurten .
Radeh - ye Madan ( Persian : رده مدن‎ , also known as Madan ) is a village in Bahmanshir - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Abadan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Gorgeh Choqa ( Persian : گرگه چقا‎ , also Romanized as Gorgeh Choqā and Gargeh Cheqā ; also known as Gareh Choqā ) is a village in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Guadalupe Mountains National Park is in the Guadalupe Mountains of West Texas and contains Guadalupe Peak , the highest point in Texas at 8,749 feet ( 2,667 m ) in elevation .
The Melaleuca to Birchs Inlet Important Bird Area comprises a 2315 km2 section of coast and sub - coastal land in South West Tasmania .
Extremadura ( English /ˌɛkstrᵻməˈdjʊərə/ ; Spanish : ( e(ɣ)stɾemaˈðuɾa ) ; Extremaduran : Estremaúra ( eʰtːɾemaˈuɾa ) ; Portuguese : Estremadura ( ( ɨ)ʃtɾɨmɐˈðuɾɐ ) ) is an autonomous community of western Spain whose capital city is Mérida .
Sarkaran ( Persian : سركران‎ , also Romanized as Sarkarān ) is a village in Shamshir Rural District , in the Central District of Paveh County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The CitySpire Center is the tallest mixed - use skyscraper in New York City , located on the south side of West 56th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Midtown Manhattan .
Riverside Park Speedway was a 1/4 mile oval race track , located inside of Riverside Amusement Park in Agawam , Massachusetts , one mile north of the Massachusetts / Connecticut state line .
Rodeillo ( pronounced : ( roðeˈiʝo ) ( ) ) is a village located 25 kilometers from Pichilemu , in central Chile .
The Cove section of Stamford , Connecticut , usually called `` The Cove '' is an area of mostly modest homes ( although with some very expensive homes along the shoreline ) in the southeast corner of Stamford , Connecticut .
The Bluffton Mound Site is a Caddoan Mississippian culture archaeological site in Yell County , Arkansas on the Fourche La Fave River .
Stirling Highway is , for most of its length , a four - lane single carriageway and major arterial road between Perth , Western Australia and the port city of Fremantle in Western Australia on the northern side of the Swan River .
Bardesareh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان بردسره‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Oshtorinan District , Borujerd County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Oak Point Yard is a freight railroad yard located in the South Bronx , New York City .
Bellingeweer is part of the town of Winsum , in Groningen , Netherlands .
The Eakin Mill Covered Bridge ( also known as the `` McLaughlin Bridge '' or the `` Geer 's Mill Bridge '' ) is a historic covered bridge in Vinton County , Ohio , United States .
Wivenhoe is a town and civil parish in north eastern Essex , England , approximately 3 miles ( 4.8 km ) south east of Colchester .
Jeleńska Huta ( jɛˈlɛɲska ˈxuta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szemud , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Lake Francis Case is a large reservoir behind Fort Randall Dam on the Missouri River in south - central South Dakota , USA .
Hasanabad - e Qadim ( Persian : حسن ابادقديم‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Qadīm ; also known as Ḩasanābād ) is a village in Oryad Rural District , in the Central District of Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Borj - e Delbar ( Persian : برج دلبر‎ ) is a village in Khesht Rural District , Khesht District , Kazerun County , Fars Province , Iran .
Greyfriars Kirkyard is the graveyard surrounding Greyfriars Kirk in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Bicheh ( Persian : بيچه‎ , also Romanized as Bīcheh ) is a village in Shusef Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Vendée ( French pronunciation : ​(vɑ̃.de ) ) is a department in the Pays - de - la - Loire region in west - central France , on the Atlantic Ocean .
Rasor Off - Highway Vehicle Area is a remote public use area for the off - highway vehicle user located in the Mojave Desert about 50 miles ( 80 km ) east of Barstow , California , administered by the Bureau of Land Management .
The Bright Angel Trail is a hiking trail located in Grand Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of Arizona .
The Boerentoren ( English : `` Farmers ' Tower '' ; officially KBC Tower , originally the Torengebouw van Antwerpen ) is a tall building in Antwerp , Belgium .
Artigas Boulevard is an avenue in Montevideo named after Uruguayan hero José Artigas .
Abby Kelley Foster Charter Public School is a small K-12 school located at 10 New Bond St. , Worcester , Massachusetts in former Heald Machine Company buildings .
Podlipy ( pɔdˈlipɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ulhówek , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Dasht Si Chanlu Pakuh ( Persian : دشت سي چانلوپاكوه‎ , also Romanized as Dasht Sī Chānlū Pākūh ) is a village in Emamzadeh Jafar Rural District , in the Central District of Gachsaran County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Unga Island ( Uĝnaasaqax̂ in Aleut ) is the largest of the Shumagin Islands off the Alaska Peninsula in southwestern Alaska , USA .
Kuner ( Persian : كونر‎ , also Romanized as Kūner ) is a village in Khoshk Rud Rural District , Rudbast District , Babolsar County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Beehive Mill is a Grade II * listed former cotton mill in the district of Ancoats , Manchester , England .
The Tonto National Forest , encompassing 2,873,200 acres ( 1,162,700 ha ) , is the largest of the six national forests in Arizona and is the fifth largest national forest in the United States .
Sulimów - Kolonia ( suˈlimuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dołhobyczów , within Hrubieszów County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Simet ( Persian : سيمت‎ , also Romanized as Sīmet and Sīmat ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Bharpur ( Urdu : بھرپور‎ ) is a village and union council , an administrative subdivision , of Chakwal District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan , it is part of Chakwal Tehsil and is located at 32 ° 51'0N 72 ° 34'0E
The Georgetown Steam Plant , now the Georgetown PowerPlant Museum , located in the Georgetown neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , constructed in 1906 for the Seattle Electric Company , provided power for Seattle , notably for streetcars .
The Melbourne Continuation School was Victoria 's first state secondary school , which was established in 1905 from the initiative of Director of Education , Frank Tate .
Gbarnga is the capital city of Bong County , Liberia , lying north east of Monrovia .
Koondra Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia and a subdivision of the North - West Land Division , located in the Pilbara region of the state .
WMXY ( 98.9 FM , `` Mix 98.9 '' ) is a radio station in Youngstown , Ohio , broadcasting a mainstream Adult Contemporary music format .
Mellery is a town in the Belgian municipality of Villers - la - Ville .
Rahal Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رهال‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Naratów ( naˈratuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Niechlów , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gróbce ( ˈɡrupt͡sɛ ) ( German : Grobing ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włocławek , within Włocławek County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Link River Dam is a concrete dam on the Link River in the city of Klamath Falls , Oregon .
Pocono Peak Lake is a lake in Lehigh Township , Wayne County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
Podcabaje ( pɔtt͡saˈbajɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnio , within Sieradz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
SITE Town ( Sindhi : سائٽ ٽائون ‎ Urdu : سائٹ ٹاؤن ‎ ) is a town in western part of Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan and is named after the Sindh Industrial and Trading Estate ( SITE ) , which forms the heart of the town .
Bongaigaon district ( Prpn:ˈbɒŋgaɪˌgãʊ ) ( Assamese : বঙাইগাওঁ জিলা ) is an administrative district in the state of Assam in northeastern India .
Hasanabad - e Navvab ( Persian : حسن ابادنواب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasanābād - e Navvāb ) is a village in Koshkuiyeh Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Roanoke Municipal Airport ( FAA LID : 7A5 ) is a city - owned public - use airport located two nautical miles ( 3.7 km ) south of the central business district of Roanoke , a city in Randolph County , Alabama , United States .
Pruntytown Correctional Center ( PCC ) is a state prison for West Virginia , located at Pruntytown near Grafton , West Virginia , USA .
Darreh Sureh ( Persian : دره سوره‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Sūreh ; also known as Darrehsūr ) is a village in Tayebi - ye Sarhadi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Charusa District , Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Emmaus United Methodist Church , originally built as Calvary Methodist Episcopal Church , two of five names it has gone by in its existence , is located at Morris and West Lawrence streets in Albany , New York , United States .
Murdeira ( Cape Verdean Creole : Murdera ) is a village in the island of Sal , Cape Verde .
Tang Dez - e Olya ( Persian : تنگ دزعليا‎ , also Romanized as Tang Dez - e `` Olyā ) is a village in Sardasht Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 36 , in 6 families .
Romaldkirk is a village in Teesdale , County Durham , in the Pennines of England .
Qiangma , also Qangma or Qiangmazhen ( Chinese : 强玛镇 ) is a small town and township - level division of Amdo County in the Nagqu Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region , in China .
Pueblo del Arroyo is an Ancestral Puebloan great house and archaeological site located in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , in New Mexico , United States .
Mount Kanaga is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands , Alaska .
Beckwourth Pass is located at the eastern edge of Sierra Valley at Chilcoot - Vinton , California in Plumas County , 20 miles ( 32 km ) east of Portola , California and 25 miles ( 40 km ) northwest of Reno , Nevada .
Dalik Yarqan ( Persian : دليك يارقان‎ , also Romanized as Dalīk Yārqān , Dalīk Yarqān , and Dalīk Yōrqān ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
WADC is an Adult Standards formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Parkersburg , West Virginia , serving Parkersburg , West Virginia and Marietta , Ohio .
Wooldridge Park , also known as Wooldridge Square , is a park in Austin , Texas , United States .
Nepomuceno is a Brazilian municipality located in the south of the state of Minas Gerais .
Shamsabad - e Borzu ( Persian : شمس ابادبرزو‎ , also Romanized as Shamsābād - e Borzū ) is a village in Naqsh - e Rostam Rural District , in the Central District of Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
Badamloq ( Persian : باداملق‎ , also Romanized as Bādāmloq and Bādāmlūq ) is a village in Zavarom Rural District , in the Central District of Shirvan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Hinkle Fieldhouse is a basketball arena located on the campus of Butler University in Indianapolis , Indiana , United States .
Carnegie Community Centre is located at 401 Main Street at the corner of Hastings Street , in the old Carnegie Public Library building in the Downtown Eastside of Vancouver , British Columbia .
Estádio Governador Roberto Santos , usually known as Estádio de Pituaçu , is a football stadium located in Salvador , Bahia state , Brazil .
Lafayette Regional Airport ( IATA : LFT , ICAO : KLFT , FAA LID : LFT ) is a public airport two miles ( 4 km ) southeast of Lafayette , in Lafayette Parish , Louisiana , United States .
Barg - e Jahan ( Persian : برگجهان‎ , also Romanized as Barg - e Jahān ; also known as Bafkejan and Bafkijan ) is a village in Lavasan - e Kuchak Rural District , Lavasanat District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The East Branch Nezinscot River is a 19.4-mile - long ( 31.2 km ) river in Maine .
Chudleigh is a small town in Central Devon , England between Newton Abbot and Exeter .
Forward Harbour was a cannery town in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located on the inlet of the same name , which is on the mainland side of Wellbore Channel , to the east of Hardwicke Island .
Czarne Dolne ( ˈt͡ʂarnɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) ( German : Niederzehren ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gardeja , within Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Qala Zanjir ( Persian : قلعه زنجير‎‎ , also Romanized as Qalā `` Zanjīr ) is a village in Jelogir Rural District , in the Central District of Pol - e Dokhtar County , Lorestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 56 , in 10 families .
Ełganówko ( ɛu̯ɡaˈnufkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Trąbki Wielkie , within Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tolombeh - ye Kuhzad ( Persian : تلمبه كوهزاد‎ , also Romanized as Tolombeh - ye Kūhzād ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Han Kaeo ( Thai : หารแก้ว ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Hang Dong District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
The Pocumtuck Ridge Trail is a 20-mile ( 32 km ) footpath that traverses the Pocumtuck Range of Deerfield and Greenfield , Massachusetts .
Nagorzyce ( naɡɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The SBC Publishing Building is a tall office building in Troy , Michigan .
Cheshmeh - ye Seyfollahi ( Persian : چشمه سيف الهي‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Seyfollahī ) is a village in Balvard Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Estrie ( French pronunciation : ​(ɛstʁi ) ) is an administrative region of Quebec that mostly overlaps the Eastern Townships ( though not entirely ) .
The Shoreby Hill Historic District encompasses a major residential subdivision north of the central business district of Jamestown , Rhode Island .
Mazraeh - ye Tandur ( Persian : مزرعه تندور‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Tandūr ) is a village in Chashm Rural District , Shahmirzad District , Mehdishahr County , Semnan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 15 , in 4 families .
Nivan - e Suq ( Persian : نيوان سوق‎ , also Romanized as Nīvān - e Sūq and Nīvān Sūq ; also known as Nīvān , Nivan Soogh , Nivūn , and Niwān ) is a village in Nivan Rural District , in the Central District of Golpayegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Santo Stefano di Sessanio is a comune and hill town in the Province of L'Aquila in the Abruzzo region of Italy .
KBDR ( branded as La Ley ) is a regional Mexican format FM radio station that serves the Laredo , Texas , United States and Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico border area .
House Park is a 6,000 - 6,500 seat American football stadium in Austin , Texas that is owned and operated by the Austin Independent School District .
Ab Lashkar - e Sofla ( Persian : اب لشكرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Āb Lashkar - e Soflá ; also known as Āb Lashgar - e Soflá and Āb Lashgar Soflá ) is a village in Rud Zard Rural District , in the Central District of Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Niepszczołąg ( ɲepʂˈt͡ʂɔwɔnk ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Konarzyny , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Przeciszewo - Kolonia ( pʂɛt͡ɕiˈʂɛvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staroźreby , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Basilone Memorial Bridge is a bridge on the New Jersey Turnpike ( concurrency with Interstate 95 ) in the U.S. state of New Jersey spanning the Raritan River .
KRKZ - FM is a radio station licensed to Chinook , Washington , serving the North Oregon and SW Washington coasts with a contemporary hits format .
Carbon Power Plant , also known as Castle Gate Power Plant was a small , 190-MWe coal - fired power station in Utah , USA operated by PacifiCorp .
Jalirpar is a Village and a Union too under Muksudpur Upazila , Gopalganj established in 1634 .
Zizakesh ( Persian : زيزاكش‎ , also Romanized as Zīzākesh ) is a village in Tutaki Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Muchenan ( Persian : موچنان‎ , also Romanized as Mūchenān ; also known as Mūkhīān and Mūkhīyān ) is a village in Radkan Rural District , in the Central District of Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Trona Airport ( IATA : TRH , FAA LID : L72 ) is a public use airport in Inyo County , California , United States .
Deh - e Bad - e Sofla ( Persian : ده بادسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Deh - e Bād - e Soflá ) is a village in Chenarud - e Jonubi Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Beechfork Presbyterian Church ( also Pleasant Grove Presbyterian Church ) is a historic church in Springfield , Kentucky .
The Calgary Fringe Festival is an annual fringe theatre festival in Calgary , Alberta .
Lagoa da Confusão is the westernmost city in the state of Tocantins .
N'Sigha ( also written Nessirha or En Nessirha ) is a village in the commune of El M'Ghair , in El M'Ghair District , El Oued Province , Algeria .
Nam Khrai ( Thai : น้ำไคร้ ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Nam Pat District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Thornton Fractional North High School ( T.F. North , TF North , TFN ) in Calumet City , Illinois first opened its doors in March 1926 as Thornton Fractional Township High School .
Pilgrim Memorial Church and Parish House is an historic church and parsonage at 249 Wahconah Street in Pittsfield , Massachusetts .
Old Wethersfield , also known as Old Wethersfield Historic District , and historically known as Watertown or Pyquag , is a section of the town of Wethersfield , Connecticut roughly bounded by the borders of the adjacent city of Hartford and town of Rocky Hill , railroad tracks , and I-91 .
Krogulcza Mokra ( krɔˈɡult͡ʂa ˈmɔkra ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orońsko , within Szydłowiec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dutchess Manor is a restaurant located along NY 9D in the Town of Fishkill , New York , United States , between the city of Beacon and Breakneck Ridge .
Andarvar ( Persian : اندرور‎‎ , also Romanized as Āndarvar ; also known as Andarood and Andarūd ) is a village in Baladeh Kojur Rural District , in the Central District of Nowshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hartley Fort State Preserve is a 2-acre ( 8,100 m2 ) Iowa state preserve located on the Upper Iowa River in the Driftless Area , in Allamakee County of Iowa , USA .
First City Tower is a skyscraper in downtown Houston , Texas .
The Willo Steakhouse ( also called The Willo ) is a steakhouse and roadhouse located in Nevada City , California in the United States .
The Swift Creek Landslide is an active , slow moving landslide located in western Washington , USA , due east of Everson on Sumas Mountain .
Prudhoe Bay Oil Field is a large oil field on Alaska 's North Slope .
Acadiana Mall , called the Mall of Acadiana for a time , is an enclosed regional shopping mall in the city of Lafayette , Louisiana , and is located at the intersection of Johnston Street ( U.S. Route 167 ) and Ambassador Caffery Parkway ( Louisiana Highway 3073 ) .
Valiyeh ( Persian : وعيليه‎ , also Romanized as V``alīyeh ; also known as Loveylīyeh and Luailīyeh ) is a village in Kut - e Abdollah Rural District , in the Central District of Karun County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 846 , in 147 families .
Exton Hall is an English country house on the western edge of the village of Exton , Rutland , England , standing in its own extensive park .
The Cerbat Mountains ( Hualapai : Ha'emede : ) is a mountain range in Mohave County in northwest Arizona immediately north of Kingman .
Jassaniyeh - ye Kuchek ( Persian : جسانيه كوچك‎ , also Romanized as Jassānīyeh - ye Kūchek ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Barlewice ( barlɛˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Barlewitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sztum , within Sztum County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Rychnów Dolny ( ˈrɨxnuf ˈdɔlnɨ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Namysłów , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sileh ( Persian : سيله‎ , also Romanized as Sīleh and Sīlāh ) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
The Tour de Santa Maria della Chiappella ( Corsican : Torra di Santa Maria Chjapella ) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Rogliano ( Corse - du - Sud ) on the east coast of the French island of Corsica .
Tixkokob ( meaning place of poisonous snakes in Mayan ) is a town in the Mexican state of Yucatán , located in the north central part of the state .
Cataraqui Golf and Country Club is a private golf and curling club located in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Santa Barbara High School , `` Home of the Dons , '' is situated on a 40-acre ( 160,000 m2 ) campus in Santa Barbara , California and is part of the Santa Barbara Unified School District .
The Pinelands Center at Mount Misery ( more commonly known as Mount Misery ) is a Methodist retreat center and campground in Browns Mills , New Jersey in the United States .
White Otter Castle is an elaborate 3-story log house built on the shore of White Otter Lake , about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) south of Ignace , Ontario , Canada , by eccentric hermit James Alexander `` Jimmy '' McOuat .
Wellingborough is a market town and borough in Northamptonshire , England , situated 11 miles ( 18 km ) from the county town of Northampton .
Beneixida ( Spanish : Benegida ) is a municipality in the comarca of Ribera Alta in the Valencian Community , Spain .
Kandsar - e Bibalan ( Persian : كندسربي بالان‎ , also Romanized as Kandsar - e Bībālān ) is a village in Bibalan Rural District , Kelachay District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Punta Maroma beach is located in Solidaridad Municipality at 20 ° 44′16``N 86 ° 58′03''W. It is located inside the tourist district known as the Riviera Maya , along the coastal Highway 307 which parallels the Caribbean .
The Tri - State Transit Authority ( TTA ) , which markets itself as `` THE Transit Authority , is the city bus system in Huntington , West Virginia , and Ironton , Ohio , as well as its suburbs .
Byland Abbey is a ruined abbey and a small village in the Ryedale district of North Yorkshire , England , in the North York Moors National Park .
Little Dutch ( Deutsch ) Church is the second oldest building in Halifax , Nova Scotia after St. Paul 's .
Woudenberg is a municipality and a town in the central Netherlands , in the province of Utrecht .
Cactus Flat is one of the Central Nevada Desert Basins in the Cactus - Sacrobatus Watershed , for which it is an eponym .
Dickens Hall is a historical building at Kansas State University in Manhattan , Kansas .
Cornafulla ( Irish : Corr na Fola , meaning `` Hill of the Blood '' ) is a village in the parish of Drum in south County Roscommon , Ireland about 8 km west of Athlone along the R446 road .
Westlock County is a municipal district in central Alberta north of Edmonton .
Olympic Medical Center is a medical organization located in Port Angeles and Sequim , Washington which provides services to patients in Clallam and Jefferson counties .
The Casper Events Center is an 8,395-seat multi - purpose arena in Casper , Wyoming in the United States .
The High Service Water Tower and Reservoir are a public water supply facility off Massachusetts Route 110 in Tower Hill , Lawrence , Massachusetts .
Tang - e Badi - ye Bala ( Persian : تنگ بادي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Tang - e Bādī - ye Bālā ; also known as Tang - e Bādī ) is a village in Hangam Rural District , in the Central District of Qir and Karzin County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sirdar - e Bala ( Persian : سيردربالا‎‎ , also Romanized as Sīrdar - e Bālā ; also known as Sīrdar ) is a village in Kuhdasht - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhdasht County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Gowd - e Alangu ( Persian : گودالنگو‎ , also Romanized as Gowd - e Ālangū ) is a village in Hotkan Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Panihati is a place in north Kolkata and a municipality under Khardaha / Ghola police stations under Barrackpur City Police of Barrackpore subdivision .
Gavorrano is a mountain - side comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Grosseto in the western Italian region of Tuscany , located about 100 km ( 62 mi ) southwest of Florence and about 25 km ( 16 mi ) northwest of Grosseto .
Ahmadabad - e Vasat ( Persian : احمدابادوسط‎ , also Romanized as Aḩmadābād - e Vasaţ ; also known as Aḩmadābād and Aḩmadābād - e Kūzehgarhā ) is a village in Behnamvasat - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Wieszczęta ( vjɛʂˈt͡ʂɛnta ) is a village in Gmina Jasienica , Bielsko County , Silesian Voivodeship , southern Poland .
The Gross Spannort is a mountain of the Uri Alps , located between Engelberg and Erstfeld in Central Switzerland .
Kaczkówko ( kat͡ʂˈkufkɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żnin , within Żnin County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Tywonia ( tɨˈvɔɲa ) ( Ukrainian : Тивоня , Tyvonia ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pawłosiów , within Jarosław County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Joghghal - e Khvayeh ( Persian : جغال خوايه‎ , also Romanized as Joghghāl - e Khvāyeh ; also known as Joghghāl - e Bālā ) is a village in Jaffal Rural District , in the Central District of Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Sari Kuh ( Persian : سري كوه‎ , also Romanized as Sarī Kūh ) is a village in Zaz - e Sharqi Rural District , Zaz va Mahru District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
B A Steinhagen Reservoir is located near the town of Jasper , Texas in the east Texas Piney Woods at 30.85 North Latitude and 94.19 West Longitude .
Glosli is a village in the eastern part of Fredrikstad municipality , Norway .
One Charles Center is a historic office building located at Baltimore , Maryland , United States .
The J. G. Edwards House , also known as Pen - y - Brin , in Portland , Oregon , was built in 1926 in `` Norman farmhouse '' style .
Sant'Omobono is a church in Rome at the foot of the Capitoline Hill in rione Ripa .
Hauteville - la - Guichard is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north - western France ( population : 425 in 2006 ) .
The Discovery Bay Coastal Park is a linear protected area of coastal land in western Victoria , south - eastern Australia .
Fort Gregg was a Confederate fort located near Petersburg , Virginia .
Eagle Farm Airport was a small airport located 6 km ( 3.7 mi ) north - east of Brisbane in the suburb of Eagle Farm , Queensland , Australia .
Onekawa is a suburb of the city of Napier , in the Hawke 's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
Soyo ( formerly known as Santo António do Zaire ) is a city located in the province of Zaire in Angola , at the mouth of the Congo river .
Storrington is a large village in the Horsham District of West Sussex , England , and one of two in the civil parish of Storrington and Sullington .
Florida State Prison ( FSP ) , formerly known as the `` Florida State Prison - East Unit '' as it was originally part of Florida State Prison in Raiford , Florida ( now known as Union Correctional Institution ) , is a correctional institution located in unincorporated Bradford County , Florida .
Le Gosier is the third most populated commune in the French overseas region and department of Guadeloupe , in the Lesser Antilles .
Cham - e Chenar ( Persian : چم چنار‎ , also Romanized as Cham - e Chenār ; also known as Cham Chenār ) is a village in Kamfiruz - e Shomali Rural District , Kamfiruz District , Marvdasht County , Fars Province , Iran .
KRYP is a commercial broadcast FM radio station located in the Portland , Oregon area and owned by the Salem Media Group .
Marznagun ( Persian : مرزنگون‎ , also Romanized as Marznagūn ) is a village in Kuh Mareh Khami Rural District , in the Central District of Basht County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Rock Run United Methodist Church is a one story building , with stone walls and a slate - covered gable roof , located on a 1.24 acre plot of land at the corner of Craig 's Corner Road and Rock Run Road near Level , Maryland and approximately six miles south of Darlington , Maryland .
The Lucy F. Simms School is a school building at 620 Simms Avenue in Harrisonburg , Virginia .
Buchanan School is one of four former grade school buildings located in Davenport , Iowa , United States that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Bab Mishan ( Persian : باب ميشان‎ , also Romanized as Bāb Mīshān ) is a village in Sarduiyeh Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Saline County Airport ( FAA LID : M99 ) , also known as Watts Field , was a county - owned public - use airport located one mile ( 2 km ) west of the central business district of Benton , a city in Saline County , Arkansas , United States .
Byera Village is a village in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines . It is located in Charlotte Parish .
Pale , Dharwad is a village in Dharwad district in the southwestern state of Karnataka , India .
The Wick Building , also known as The Wick Tower , is a high rise structure and second tallest building in Youngstown , Ohio .
Prattville Christian Academy or PCA is a Christian private school , located in Prattville , Alabama .
Høddvoll Stadion is a multi - sports stadium in Ulsteinvik in Ullstein , Norway .
Kumkiejmy ( kumˈkʲɛi̯mɨ ) ( German : Kumkeim ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
The Symmes Mission Chapel was a historic church building in the city of Fairfield , Ohio , United States .
Ayub National Stadium formerly known as Baluchistan Cricket Association Ground is a multi - purpose stadium in Quetta , Pakistan .
Lincliff is a Georgian Revival house in Glenview , a part of Louisville , Kentucky , United States , built in the early 1910s by William Richardson Belknap .
Hurab ( Persian : حوراب‎ , also Romanized as Ḩūrāb ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Kahnuj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Podosowa ( pɔdɔˈsɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Góra Kalwaria , within Piaseczno County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Disney 's Typhoon Lagoon is a water theme park located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista , Florida and is one of two operating water parks at the resort .
Emamzadeh Rowshanabad ( Persian : امام زاده روشن اباد‎ , also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Rowshanābād ; also known as Rowshanābād ) is a village in Sadan Rostaq - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kordkuy County , Golestan Province , Iran .
The Tauhoa River is an estuarial arm of the Kaipara Harbour in the Auckland Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
The Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts is a collaborative force based at the University of Houston .
Park Royal occupies parts of the London Borough of Brent and the London Borough of Ealing .
The Omaha Hotel is a former railroad hotel in Neillsville , Wisconsin , that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Sölk Pass ( el . 1788 m. ) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Styria .
Harrington Raceway & Casino is a racino located just outside the southern city limits of Harrington , Delaware , 25 minutes south of Dover .
Barreh Mal ( Persian : بره مال‎ , also Romanized as Barreh Māl ; also known as Baramol ) is a village in Olya Tayeb Rural District , in the Central District of Landeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Bhadeya is a country side locality in Gaya district of Bihar , India .
The Old Almaden Winery is a historic wine production site in Santa Clara County , California situated on the eastern slopes of the Santa Cruz Mountains .
The Dubois - Sarles Octagon is an octagon house located on South Street in Marlboro , New York , United States .
Fiesch railway station is a metre gauge station serving the municipality of Fiesch , in the Canton of Valais , Switzerland .
Abharak ( Persian : ابهرك‎ , also Romanized as Abhark ) is a village in Adaran Rural District , Asara District , Karaj County , Alborz Province , Iran .
KHLR ( 106.7 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Benton , Arkansas , USA , it serves the Little Rock area .
The Grand Hyatt New York is a hotel located directly east of Grand Central Terminal in Midtown Manhattan , New York City .
Barcis is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Pordenone in the Italian region Friuli - Venezia Giulia , located in the Valcellina about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northwest of Trieste and about 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) north of Pordenone .
Nammun is a village in Homalin Township , Hkamti District , which is in the Sagaing Region of northwestern Burma .
Jonadi ( Greek : Ionades ) is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Vibo Valentia in the Italian region Calabria , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southwest of Catanzaro and about 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) southwest of Vibo Valentia .
Gurdigol - e Nur ed Din ( Persian : گورديگل نورالدين‎ , also Romanized as Gūrdīgol - e Nūr ed Dīn ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Cham Arab ( Persian : چم عرب‎ , also Romanized as Cham `` Arab ; also known as Cham `` Arab - e Āsh``abān ) is a village in Holayjan Rural District , in the Central District of Izeh County , Khuzestan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 24 , in 6 families .
Now Band - e Jadid ( Persian : نوبندجديد‎ , also Romanized as Now Band - e Jadīd ) is a village in Gurband Rural District , in the Central District of Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Farm to Market Road 2204 , FM 2204 , or Stone Road is a Farm to Market Road in Texas , running from US 259 Bus .
Stare Okniny ( ˈstarɛ ɔkˈninɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniew , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Laveh ( Persian : لاوه‎ , also Romanized as Lāveh ; also known as Lāveh - ye Pā’īn ) is a village in Miankuh - e Moguyi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Bayan County ( simplified Chinese : 巴彦县 ; traditional Chinese : 巴彦縣 ; pinyin : Bāyàn Xiàn ) is under the administration of Harbin , the capital of Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
Big Sandy Regional Airport ( ICAO : KSJS , FAA LID : SJS ) ( formerly K22 ) is a public use airport located in southwest Martin County , Kentucky , United States .
Łaganów ( waˈɡanuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Proszowice , within Proszowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Llanbradach is a village in the Welsh county borough of Caerphilly , within the historic boundaries of Monmouthshire , south Wales less than 3 miles north of the town of Caerphilly .
The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle , eastern Washington , and southeastern British Columbia .
Millook is a deep coastal valley and hamlet in the parish of Poundstock , on the north coast of Cornwall , England .
Lin Ma Hang ( Chinese : 蓮麻坑 ) is a village in the Sha Tau Kok area of Hong Kong and is situated north of the New Territories , next to the Shenzhen river , east of Heung Yuen Wai and west of Hung Fa Leng .
Batăr ( Hungarian : Feketebátor ; Turkish : Fektebatur ) is a commune located in Bihor County , Romania .
The Scituate Reservoir is the largest inland body of water in the state of Rhode Island .
The Kawartha Nordic Ski Club ( KNSC ) is a Nordic ski area located in North Kawartha township , Peterborough County , Ontario .
The Jade Belt Bridge ( simplified Chinese : 玉带桥 ; traditional Chinese : 玉帶橋 ; pinyin : Yù Dài Qiáo ) , also known as the Camel 's Back Bridge , is an 18th - century pedestrian Moon bridge located on the grounds of the Summer Palace in Beijing , China .
Qanat - e Ahmadieh ( Persian : قنات احمديه‎ , also Romanized as Qanāt - e Aḩmadīeh ; also known as Qanāt - e Aḩmadī ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Goruh Rural District , Rayen District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Sangan District ( Persian : بخش سنگان‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Khvaf County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Massino Visconti ( usually called simply Massino ) is a municipality in the Province of Novara , in the Italian region of Piedmont , located about 110 kilometres ( 68 mi ) northeast of Turin and about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Novara .
Baryeh ( Persian : بريه‎ ) is a village in Duzaj Rural District , Kharqan District , Zarandieh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Wydrzno ( ˈvɨdʐnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Buyaqoli ( Persian : بوياقلي‎ , also Romanized as Būyāqolī ) is a village in Jargalan Rural District , Raz and Jargalan District , Bojnord County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Somerville City Hall ( which formerly served as Somerville High School ) is a historic municipal building at 93 Highland Street in Somerville , Massachusetts .
Raghunathchak is a census town under Raniganj police station of Asansol subdivision in Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Sandalwood High School is a public high school in the Duval County Public School district of Jacksonville , Florida .
Arromanches Camp is a military installation operated by the Royal Marines in North Devon located 5.2 miles ( 8.4 km ) south west of Barnstaple , Devon , and 3.2 miles ( 5.1 km ) north east of Bideford , Devon , England .
Valley Forge High School is located in Parma Heights , Ohio , a suburb of Cleveland .
Helleh va Delleh ( Persian : حله ودله‎ , also Romanized as Ḩelleh va Delleh ; also known as Ḩalleh Delleh , Ḩalvā Dillāy , Ḩelleh Delleh , and Hilloi - o - Dillai ) is a village in Anaqcheh Rural District , in the Central District of Ahvaz County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wierzbica Górna ( vjɛʐˈbit͡sa ˈɡurna ) ( German : Würbitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wołczyn , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Llay ( Welsh : Llai meaning meadow ) is a village and local government community , the lowest tier of local government , part of Wrexham County Borough in Wales .
Majhigawan ( Hindi , Bhojpuri मँझिगँव ) is a village , located in Rohtas District , Bihar on the fertile Gangetic Plain .
Hanbin District ( simplified Chinese : 汉滨区 ; traditional Chinese : 漢濱區 ; pinyin : Hànbīn Qū ) , is a district of Ankang , Shaanxi , China .
Reddish Knob of Shenandoah Mountain is one of the highest points in Virginia , rising 4,397 feet ( 1,340 m ) .
Abbess End is a hamlet in the Epping Forest district , in the county of Essex , England .
The Fay hut was an alpine hut located above Prospectors Valley in Kootenay National Park , British Columbia .
Boparai Kalan is a village of Punjab in the district of Ludhiana , India .
Guardians of the Free Republics , active around 2010 , was a group based in the U.S. state of Texas regarded as being part of the sovereign citizen movement .
The Behn River or Behm River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Molasi is a village situated 16 km south of Tiruchengode in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu .
The Cayuga Hojack Trail is one of two Hojack trails in New York , the other being the Webster Hojack Trail in Webster .
Folgensbourg is a commune in the Haut - Rhin department , in Alsace in north - eastern France .
Wólka Starzyńska ( ˈvulka staˈʐɨɲska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczekociny , within Zawiercie County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Toprzyny ( tɔˈpʂɨnɨ ) ( German : Topprienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Shundeh Chula ( Persian : شونده چولا‎ , also Romanized as Shūndeh Chūlā ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Barvaj ( Persian : بروج‎ , also Romanized as Barooj , Barvach , Barvadzh , and Barwaj ; also known as Darvaj ) is a village in Chuqur Rural District , Tarom Sofla District , Qazvin County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Dobrzeń ( ˈdɔbʐɛɲ ) ( German : Gutwohne ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobroszyce , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Qeertartivatsiaq Island ( old spelling : Qêrtartivatsiaq ) is an uninhabited island in the Sermersooq municipality in southeastern Greenland , located to the southwest of Tiniteqilaaq , and to the west of Ammassalik Island .
Joutel is a ghost town in the Canadian province of Quebec , located in the municipality of Baie - James off Route 109 between Amos and Matagami .
The Louis and Celia Skoler Residence , at 213 Scottholm Terrace in Syracuse , New York , was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on February 12 , 2010 .
KGOZ ( 101.7 FM , `` Z 101.7 '' ) is an American radio station licensed to serve Gallatin , the county seat of Daviess County , Missouri .
Wyżegi ( vɨˈʐɛɡi ) ( German : Wyseggen , 1938 - 45 : Grünlanden ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wielbark , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Vojnovići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Војновићи ) is a village in the municipality of Foča , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Cieliczanka ( t͡ɕeliˈt͡ʂanka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Esfeh ( Persian : اسفه‎ ; also known as Esfe , Isfeh , and Ispeh ) is a village in Dasht Rural District , in the Central District of Shahreza County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Wales National Ice Rink ( WNIR ) was an ice rink in Cardiff , Wales .
Lafayette Oaks is a subdivision in Tallahassee , Florida about 7 miles ( 11 km ) northeast of downtown that was founded in 1971 .
Faryny ( faˈrɨnɨ ) ( German : Farienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rozogi , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Dursztyn ( ˈdurʂtɨn ) , ( Slovak : Durštín , German : Dürrenstein ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowy Targ , within Nowy Targ County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Strzebielino ( stʂɛbjɛˈlinɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łęczyce , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Doreh Rural District ( Persian : دهستان درح‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Sarbisheh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Ptarmigan Peak Wilderness is a U.S. Wilderness Area located north of Dillion , Colorado in the Williams Fork Mountains .
Jean Klock Park is a historic city park along Lake Michigan in Benton Harbor , Michigan , United States .
The Newport Power Station was a complex of power stations in the suburb of Newport , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Coldwater Lake is a lake located in Branch County , Michigan .
Crăciunelu de Jos ( German : Christendorf , Hungarian : Alsókarácsonfalva ) is a commune located in Alba County , Romania .
Calosso is a rural comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) southeast of Turin and about 20 kilometres ( 12 mi ) south of Asti in the hilly area between the Tanaro and Belbo and on the borders between Monferrato and Langa .
Hope College is a private , residential liberal arts college in downtown Holland , Michigan , United States , a few miles from Lake Michigan .
Wolfie Cohen 's Rascal House was a Jewish delicatessen located at the intersection of 172nd Street and Collins Avenue in Sunny Isles Beach , Florida , which opened in May , 1954 and closed on March 30 , 2008 .
The Hôtel de Soubise ( pronounced : ( otɛl də subiːz ) ) is a city mansion entre cour et jardin ( ( ɑ̃ːtʁ kuːʁ e ʒaʁdɛ̃ ) ) , located at 60 rue des Francs - Bourgeois , in the 3rd arrondissement of Paris .
Pain Marzbal ( Persian : پايين مرزبال‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Marzbāl ) is a village in Gatab - e Jonubi Rural District , Gatab District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ardindrean ( Scottish Gaelic : Àird an Dreaghainn ) is a small hamlet , located on the west shore of Loch Broom in Garve , Ross - shire and is within the Highland , Scotland .
Samandaki ( Persian : سمندكي‎ , also Romanized as Samandakī ) is a village in Rudhaleh Rural District , Rig District , Ganaveh County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Kalaj ( Persian : كالج‎ , also Romanized as Kālaj ; also known as Kālach and Kelaj ) is a village in Mian Band Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Westchester County Airport ( IATA : HPN , ICAO : KHPN , FAA LID : HPN ) is a county - owned airport in Westchester County , New York , three miles ( 6 km ) northeast of the central business district of White Plains , in the towns of Harrison , North Castle and Rye .
Chickasaw National Wildlife Refuge is a 25,006-acre ( 101.20 km2 ) National Wildlife Refuge located along the Mississippi River in the northwestern part of Lauderdale County in West Tennessee .
KGOL ( branded as ESPN Deportes 1180 ) is a Houston , Texas AM radio station that airs ESPN Sports Talk in Spanish .
Khoshkin - e Kumasi ( Persian : خشكين كوماسي‎ , also Romanized as Khoshkīn - e Kūmāsī ; also known as Khoshgīn , Khoshkīn , Vashkīn , Veshkīn , and Wiskīn ) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District , Kalatrazan District , Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Wouldham is a small village on the bank of the River Medway in Kent , Great Britain .
Otaniemi ( Finnish ) , or Otnäs ( Swedish ) , is a district of Espoo , Finland .
Richard J. Reynolds High School now the Richard J. Reynolds Magnet School for the Visual and Performing Arts ( often simply R. J. Reynolds High School or Reynolds ) is a high school in the Winston - Salem / Forsyth County Schools located in Winston - Salem , North Carolina .
Hatch End is an area of north west London , situated within the London Borough of Harrow .
Ginter Park is a suburb neighborhood of Richmond , Virginia built on land owned and developed by Lewis Ginter .
Harishi ( Persian : هريشي‎ , also Romanized as Harīshī ; also known as Hūrshīn ) is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District , Shusef District , Nehbandan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
The St. Cloud Dam is a dam across the Mississippi River in St. Cloud , Minnesota , in the United States .
The Plaza Nueva or Plaza Barria ( New Square ) of Bilbao is a monumental square of Neoclassical style built in 1821 .
Hajjiabad - e Mallu ( Persian : حاجي ابادملو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩājjīābād - e Mallū ; also known as Tol - e Mallū - ye Bālā ) is a village in Khuzi Rural District , Varavi District , Mohr County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Nederlands Stripmuseum ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈneːdərlɑnts ˈstrɪpmyˌseːʏm ) ; Netherlands Comic Strip Museum ) is a museum dedicated to Dutch comic strips and located in Groningen in the Netherlands .
The Ursuline School is an all - girls , independent , private , Roman Catholic middle and high school located on a 13-acre ( 53,000 m2 ) campus in New Rochelle , New York in Westchester County .
Cadwalader Park is a city park located in Trenton , Mercer County , New Jersey , United States .
Nowzeh ( Persian : نوژه‎ ; also known as Now Deh ) is a village in Roqicheh Rural District , Kadkan District , Torbat - e Heydarieh County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Panjeh - ye Sofla ( Persian : پنجه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Panjeh - ye Soflá ) is a village in Qaratureh Rural District , in the Central District of Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Round Barn , Dubuque Township is an historic structure located in Dubuque Township in Dubuque County , Iowa .
Baradili , Bobadri in Sardinian , is a comune ( municipality ) in the Province of Oristano in the Italian region Sardinia , located about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) northwest of Cagliari and about 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) southeast of Oristano .
Bardfield End Green is a hamlet in the Uttlesford district of Essex , England approximately one mile east of Thaxted .
Samtskhe - Javakheti ( Georgian : სამცხე-ჯავახეთი ) , is a region ( Georgian : Mkhare ) formed in the 1990s in southern Georgia from the historical provinces of Meskheti ( Samtskhe ) , Javakheti and Tori ( Borjomi gorge ) .
Green Mountain College is a coeducational private environmental liberal arts college located in Poultney , Vermont , United States .
Blackshaw is a civil parish in the Calderdale metropolitan borough of West Yorkshire , England .
Arbon Castle is a former castle and now the Historisches Museum Arbon ( Arbon History Museum ) located in the municipality of Arbon of the Canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .
Spodnja Javoršica ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnja ˈjaːʋɔɾʃitsa ) ; German : Unterjaworschitz ) is a small settlement south of Vrhpolje in the Municipality of Moravče in central Slovenia .
The Azusa Civic Center is the center of city government in Azusa , California , a city located to the northeast of Los Angeles .
Porto metro station is located in Catania in Sicily , southern Italy .
South Hulu Sungai Regency is one of the nine regencies in South Kalimantan province , Indonesia .
Boyana ( Bulgarian : Бояна ) is a neighbourhood of the Bulgarian capital of Sofia , part of Vitosha municipality and situated 8 km south of the city centre , in the outskirts of Vitosha .
Bains - sur - Oust ( Breton : Baen - Ballon , Gallo : Bein ) is a commune in the Ille - et - Vilaine departement in Brittany in northwestern France .
The Elgin - Middlesex Detention Centre is a maximum security prison located in London , Ontario .
Sułoszów ( suˈwɔʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaszowice , within Namysłów County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gondia district ( Marathi : गोंदिया जिल्हा ) , also known as Gondiya district , is an administrative district in the state of Maharashtra in India .
Čardačine ( Cyrillic : Чардачине ) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dowkaneh ( Persian : دوكانه‎ , also Romanized as Dowkāneh , Do Kāneh , and Dūkāneh ) is a village in Qarah Su Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Searsville Dam is a masonry dam in San Mateo County , California that was completed in 1892 , one year after the founding of Stanford University , and impounds Corte Madera Creek ( in the San Francisquito Creek watershed ) to form a reservoir known as Searsville Lake .
Gloucester Cathedral , formally the Cathedral Church of St Peter and the Holy and Indivisible Trinity , in Gloucester , England , stands in the north of the city near the River Severn .
WKFB is an AM radio station licensed to Jeannette , Pennsylvania that serves the greater Pittsburgh area .
Asad Aba ( Persian : اسد آبا‎ , also Romanized as Āsad Ābā ; also known as Asadābād ) is a village in Lasgerd Rural District , in the Central District of Sorkheh County , Semnan Province , Iran .
The Tiefort Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County , southeastern California in the United States .
Bastia ( French pronunciation : ​(bas.tja ) , Corsican and Italian pronunciation : ( basti'a ) ) is a French commune in the Haute - Corse department of France located in the north - east of the island of Corsica at the base of Cap Corse .
Casa Rinconada is an Ancestral Puebloan archaeological site located atop a ridge adjacent to a small rincon across from Pueblo Bonito in Chaco Culture National Historical Park , northwestern New Mexico , United States .
Harvey Airfield , a.k.a . Harvey Field , ( Its identifier is S43 ) , is a small airport located in Snohomish , Washington .
Potter 's Mill is a restaurant and bed and breakfast establishment located in Bellevue , Iowa .
Ministrówka ( minisˈtrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miączyn , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Eyvanki District ( Persian : بخش ایوانکی‎‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Indigo Tunnel is an abandoned railroad tunnel in Allegany County , Maryland , located about 1 mile ( 1.6 km ) east of Little Orleans .
The Jim Edgar Panther Creek State Fish and Wildlife Area ( JEPC ) is a conservation area located within Cass County in the U.S. state of Illinois .
Manbar ( Persian : منبر‎ ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Konio is a village and seat ( chef - lieu ) of the rural commune of Dandougou Fakala in the Cercle of Djenné in the Mopti Region of southern - central Mali .
Spring Gap Mountain runs southwest northeast through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia 's Eastern Panhandle , rising to its greatest elevation of 2,237 ft ( 682 m ) north of `` Spring Gap '' , from which the mountain takes its name .
Stade Taïeb Mhiri ( Arabic : ملعب الطيب المهيري‎ ) is a multi - purpose stadium in Sfax , Tunisia .
San Bernardo alle Terme is an abbatial church in Rome , Italy .
Tarbock is a village and former civil parish within the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley , in Merseyside , England .
Horace Williams Airport ( ICAO : KIGX , FAA LID : IGX ) is a public use airport located one nautical mile ( 1.85 km ) north of the central business district of Chapel Hill , a city in Orange County , North Carolina , United States .
The Westin at Tulsa Garden Square is a high - rise building proposed for construction in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Pop Keeney Stadium , located in Bothell , Washington , hosts games for several high schools in the region , including Inglemoor , Woodinville , and Bothell High School .
Southside Speedway ( also known as `` The Toughest Short Track in the South '' ) is a short track used for stock car auto racing located just South of Richmond , Virginia in Chesterfield County .
Kolosh ( Persian : كلش‎ ) is a village in Minabad Rural District , Anbaran District , Namin County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Owsiszcze ( ɔfˈɕiʂt͡ʂɛ ) ( German Owschütz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzyżanowice , within Racibórz County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland , close to the Czech border .
Newport Music Hall is a music venue located at 1722 North High Street , Columbus , Ohio , across the street from the Ohio Union of the Ohio State University .
Gaomi ( Chinese : 高密 ; pinyin : Gāomì ) is a county - level city of eastern Shandong province , People 's Republic of China , under the administration of Weifang City .
Lake Oesa is a body of water located at an elevation of 2,267 m ( 7438 ft ) in the mountains of Yoho National Park , near Field , British Columbia , Canada .
John L. Miller Great Neck North High School or simply `` North High , '' or `` North , '' is a public high school , including grades 9 through 12 , in the village of Great Neck , New York , operated by the Great Neck School District .
The Cigar Lake Mine is the largest undeveloped high grade uranium deposit in the world , located in the uranium rich Athabasca Basin of northern Saskatchewan , Canada .
WNTE ( 89.5 FM ) is a radio station licensed to Mansfield , Pennsylvania , USA , the station serves the Mansfield University campus .
Downtown Anchorage is a neighborhood in the U.S. city of Anchorage , Alaska .
Buck 's Rock Performing and Creative Arts Camp is an educational summer camp located in New Milford , Connecticut .
Highland Park Village is an upscale shopping plaza located at the southwest corner of Mockingbird Lane and Preston Road in Highland Park , Texas ( USA ) and was the first self - contained shopping center in America .
KCCC - LP ( 98.5 FM ) is a low - power FM radio station licensed to serve the community of Hays , Kansas , USA .
The Donovan Creek Estuary lies on the Quilcene bay on the coast of Jefferson County , Washington in north - west Washington state on the Olympic Peninsula .
Alkham is a village and civil parish in the Dover district of Kent , England , about five miles west of Dover , on the B2060 secondary road .
Hillman Library is the largest library and the center of administration for the University Library System ( ULS ) of the University of Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , United States .
The Colburn Park Historic District encompasses the heart of Lebanon , New Hampshire .
McGregor Lake is an elongated ( 40 by 2 km or 24.9 by 1.2 mi ) reservoir in Southern Alberta .
Palesk ( Persian : پلسك‎ , also Romanized as Pelesk ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Pen - rhiw ( sometimes spelt `` Penrhiw '' ) is a hamlet in the community of Y Ferwig , Ceredigion , Wales , which is 74.8 miles ( 120.4 km ) from Cardiff and 195.2 miles ( 314.2 km ) from London .
Bud Bud is a town and police station in Durgapur subdivision of Bardhaman district in the Indian state of West Bengal .
Kheyl - e Sabzeh ( Persian : خيل سبزه‎ ) is a village in Qalkhani Rural District , Gahvareh District , Dalahu County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Hickling Hall was a grade II listed house in Hickling , Norfolk , England .
West Torrington is a small hamlet in the West Lindsey district of Lincolnshire , England .
The Empire State Building is a 102-story skyscraper located in Midtown Manhattan , New York City , on Fifth Avenue between West 33rd and 34th Streets .
The Veterans Memorial Centennial Bridge ( formerly known as the Bennett Bay Centennial Bridge ) is a freeway bridge in Idaho , USA .
Srem District ( Serbian : Сремски округ , Sremski okrug , pronounced ( srɛ̂ːm ) , lit . `` Syrmia District '' ) is a northwestern district of Serbia .
Bayle Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County , New Hampshire , standing above Conner Pond .
Wola Wiśniowska ( ˈvɔla viɕˈɲɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Staszów , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Kujbiedy ( kui̯ˈbjɛdɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasionówka , within Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Kalgadarreh - ye Yek ( Persian : کلگه‌دره یک‎ , also Romanized as Kalgadarreh - ye Yek ; also known as Kalak Darreh , Kalakdarreh - ye Yek , Kalgeh Darreh , and Kalk Darreh ) is a village in Qilab Rural District , Alvar - e Garmsiri District , Andimeshk County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Château du Falkenstein is a ruined castle in the commune of Philippsbourg in the Moselle département of France , at the heart of the Parc naturel régional des Vosges du Nord .
The United States Disciplinary Barracks ( or USDB , popularly known as Leavenworth , or the DB ) is a military correctional facility located on Fort Leavenworth , a United States Army post in Kansas .
Burton Masonic Hall , in Burton , Washington , located on Vashon Island , was built in 1894 by the Woodmen of the World .
Camas Cemetery is a cemetery in Camas , Washington that was first used in 1860 .
Torre Intesa Sanpaolo in Turin , Italy is a skyscraper as well as the headquarters for the banking group Intesa Sanpaolo .
Kheydiz ( Persian : خيديز‎ , also Romanized as Kheydīz ) is a village in Bakharz Rural District , in the Central District of Bakharz County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
L'Ambroisie ( French pronunciation : ​(lɑ̃bʁwazi ) ) is a Michelin three - starred restaurant in Paris , France .
The Shire of Tallangatta was a local government area about 340 kilometres ( 211 mi ) northeast of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia .
The Lake Laurentian Conservation Area is a 2,400 acres ( 970 ha ) conservation area in Greater Sudbury , Ontario .
Senador Vasconcelos is a neighborhood of lower class in the West Zone of Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Stamford , officially known as the Stewart B. McKinney Transportation Center or the Stamford Transportation Center , is a major railroad station in the city of Stamford , Connecticut , serving passengers traveling on Metro - North Railroad 's New Haven Line , Amtrak 's Northeast Corridor , and Shore Line East .
Haparanda Municipality ( Swedish : Haparanda kommun ) , ( Finnish : Haaparanta ) is a municipality in Norrbotten County in northern Sweden .
Memphis Central Station , referred to as Grand Central Station prior to 1944 , is a passenger terminal in Memphis , Tennessee .
Celestial Heights ( Chinese : 富甲半山 ; pinyin : Fùjiǎ Bànshān ; Jyutping : fu3 gaap3 bun3 saan1 ) is a private housing estate in To Kwa Wan , Kowloon , Hong Kong , jointly developed by Cheung Kong Holdings and Nan Fung Group .
Krutyński Piecek ( kruˈtɨɲski ˈpjɛt͡sɛk ) ( German : Krutinnerofen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piecki , within Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Florida Street ( Spanish : Calle Florida ) is an elegant shopping street in Downtown Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Hadrosaurus Foulkii Leidy Site in Haddonfield , Camden County , New Jersey , United States , is where the first relatively complete set of dinosaur bones were discovered in 1838 , and then fully excavated by William Parker Foulke in 1858 .
Sokoni I is an administrative ward in the Arusha District of the Arusha Region of Tanzania .
Tyczewo ( tɨˈt͡ʂɛvɔ ) ( formerly German Tietzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tychowo , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Lost Mountain is a mountain in Pushmataha County , Oklahoma , located approximately 10 miles northwest of Antlers , Oklahoma .
The Minneapolis Saint Paul Rochester & Dubuque Electric Traction Company Depot or Orchard Gardens Railway Station , located at County Road 5 and 155th Street in Burnsville in the U.S. state of Minnesota was built in 1910 on the Dan Patch Line , later known as the Minneapolis , Northfield and Southern Railway .
Barford St Martin is a village and civil parish in Wiltshire , England , about 2.5 miles ( 4 km ) west of Wilton , on the junction of the A30 and the B3089 .
CJNG - FM is a Canadian radio station that broadcasts tourist information at 89.7 FM and at 106.9 FM as CKJF - FM in Quebec City , Quebec .
Sarab - e Robat ( Persian : سراب رباط‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb - e Robāţ ) is a village in Robat Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Veitastrond is a small village in the western part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Monsignor McClancy Memorial High School is a co - educational Catholic high school located in the East Elmhurst neighborhood of Queens , New York .
The Science & Technology Museum of Atlanta , usually known as SciTrek , was located at 395 Piedmont Avenue ( 33.766 ° N 84.3816 ° W ) in Atlanta , Georgia , next to the Atlanta Civic Center .
The LaVilla Museum is a museum of African American history and culture located in the 1929 Ritz Theater in Jacksonville , Florida .
Khakibeyg ( Persian : خاكي بيگ‎ , also Romanized as Khākībeyg ) is a village in Obatu Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Blanchet Catholic School ( BCS ) is a private Catholic high school and middle school in Salem , Oregon , United States .
Steptoe Battlefield State Park is a 4-acre ( 1.6 ha ) Washington state park in Rosalia , Whitman County .
Villatuelda is a Spanish village and municipality in the province of Burgos , part of the autonomous community of Castile and León .
Megalapalya(Kannada:ಮೇಗಲಪಳ್ಯ ) is a small village in Magadi taluk , Ramanagara district ( Before 2010 it was Bengaluru rural district ) , Karnataka , India .
Kablovi ( Cyrillic : Каблови ) is a village in the municipality of Čelinac , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Leżne ( ˈlɛʐnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Day Square is a section of the neighborhood of East Boston in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Charles Street African Methodist Episcopal Church is an historic African Methodist Episcopal Church at 551 Warren Street in Boston , Massachusetts .
Mealhada ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( miɐˈʎaðɐ ) ) is a city and a municipality located in Aveiro District in Portugal .
Gloucester County Christian School ( GCCS ) is a private Christian school located in the Sewell section of Mantua Township , New Jersey , United States .
Phak Khuang ( Thai : ผักขวง ) is a village and tambon ( subdistrict ) of Thong Saen Khan District , in Uttaradit Province , Thailand .
Sumpter Valley Railway Passenger Station was the westernmost station on the Sumpter Valley Railway , which ran 80 miles ( 130 km ) from Baker City to Prairie City in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Millford Plantation ( also spelled Milford ) is a historic place located on SC 261 west of Pinewood , South Carolina .
CJTB - FM is a french language community radio station that operates at 93.1 MHz ( FM ) in Tête - à - la - Baleine , Quebec , Canada .
The Santa Lucia Mountains or Santa Lucia Range is a mountain range in coastal central California , running from Monterey County southeast for 105 miles ( 169 km ) into central San Luis Obispo County .
The Sechura District is one of the six districts that make up the Sechura Province in the Piura Region of Peru .
Rhydlewis is a small inland village in Ceredigion , Wales .
North Dorchester High School is a rural American high school , located in Hurlock , Maryland .
Fenart ( Persian : فنارت‎‎ , also Romanized as Fenārt ; also known as Penārt and Pīnārt ) is a village in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
The Big Maria Mountains are located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of California , near the Colorado River and Arizona .
Bradley University is a private , mid - sized university in Peoria , Illinois .
North Knob , also known as Elk Hill , is a mountain peak in Herrick Township , Susquehanna County , Pennsylvania .
Bom Jesus do Galho is a municipality in the state of Minas Gerais in the Southeast region of Brazil .
London Motorcycle Museum opened in May 1999 at Oldfield Lane South , Greenford , Middlesex .
The Republican River Pegram Truss is a bridge located near Concordia , Kansas that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
Orekhovo - Borisovo Severnoye District ( Russian : райо́н Оре́хово-Бори́сово Се́верное ) , commonly known as Orekhovo - Borisovo , is a district in Southern Administrative Okrug of Moscow , Russia , located on the spot of former villages of Orekhovo , Borisovo , Shipilovo , Zyablikovo , and Brateyevo .
Rosochate ( rɔsɔˈxatɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grabowo , within Kolno County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Iloilo Sports Complex , also known as the Iloilo Sports Center is a multi - use stadium in Barangay Magsaysay , La Paz , Iloilo City , Philippines and is the venue of athletic events in Iloilo province and Western Visayas and occasionally hosts large gatherings such as concerts .
Cross Roads Presbyterian Church and Cemetery and Stainback Store are historic buildings near Mebane , Alamance County , North Carolina .
Downtown Redmond station is a proposed Link Light Rail station on the north side of Redmond Town Center shopping mall in downtown Redmond , Washington .
Buford Mountain Conservation Area consists of 3,824 acres ( 15.48 km2 ) north of Ironton and southwest of Bismarck , Missouri .
Downham is a suburban district located in south east London , with parts inside of the London Borough of Lewisham .
Squatter 's Row was a historic neighborhood in the downtown area of Omaha , Nebraska .
Dwornia ( ˈdvɔrɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Presnensky District ( Russian : Пре́сненский райо́н ) , commonly called Presnya ( Пре́сня ) , is a district of Central Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow , Russia .
Kordjin ( Persian : كردجين‎ , also Romanized as Kordjīn ) is a village in Hesar - e Valiyeasr Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
Fremont Street is a street in Las Vegas , Nevada , and is the second most famous street in the Las Vegas Valley after the Las Vegas Strip .
Mazar - e Dehneh ( Persian : مزاردهنه‎ , also Romanized as Mazār - e Dehneh ) is a village in Pishkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Le Locle is a municipality in Le Locle District in the Canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland .
Claverley is a village and civil parish in east Shropshire , England .
The New Birth of Freedom Council is a council of the Boy Scouts of America serving South - Central Pennsylvania .
The Juan Antonio Garcia House in the North Valley area of Albuquerque , New Mexico dates from 1860 .
Egegik Airport ( IATA : EGX , ICAO : PAII , FAA LID : EII ) is a city owned , public use airport serving Egegik , a city in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska .
Mount Haystack is a mountain in the Great Range of the Adirondack High Peaks in the Adirondack Mountains of New York .
Samal - e Jonubi ( Persian : سمل جنوبي‎ , also Romanized as Samal - e Jonūbī ) is a village in Ahram Rural District , in the Central District of Tangestan County , Bushehr Province , Iran .
Barkarö is a locality situated in Västerås Municipality , Västmanland County , Sweden with 1,163 inhabitants in 2010 .
The Hohenfelder Mühlenau is a stream , about 10 km long , in the district of Plön in northeast part of the North German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Grudusk - Olszak ( ˈɡrudusk ˈɔlʂak ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grudusk , within Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Setrock Creek Falls is a waterfall in the Pisgah National Forest , in North Carolina .
Jayne 's Hill ( also known as High Hill , West Hills , Oakley 's Hill , and Janes Hill ) is the highest point on Long Island , New York , with an elevation of between 387 feet ( 118 m ) and 400.9 feet ( 122.2 m ) above sea level .
Chahal Gazer ( Persian : چهل گذر‎ , also Romanized as Chahal Gaẕer ) is a village in Shirin Su Rural District , Maneh District , Maneh and Samalqan County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Wąsowo ( vɔ̃ˈsɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kuślin , within Nowy Tomyśl County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Danielowice ( daɲɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Dammelwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Domaniów , within Oława County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Disa uniflora , despite its restricted range within the Western Cape , is relatively common in the perennially wet areas ( waterfalls , streamlets and seeps ) on Table Mountain and the Back Table , but hardly anywhere else on the Cape Peninsula .
Wola Koszucka - Parcele ( ˈvɔla kɔˈʂut͡ska parˈt͡sɛlɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Słupca , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The John and Rosetta Lee House is a private residential structure located at 823 Calhoun Street in the city of Lapeer in Lapeer County , Michigan .
Lecale ( from Irish Leath Cathail , meaning `` Cathal 's half '' ) , is the name of a peninsula and several different historical territorial divisions all located in the east of modern - day County Down , Northern Ireland .
The Saddleback Lakes are a chain of small alpine glacial lakes in Custer County , Idaho , United States , located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area .
Bristol ( i/ˈbrɪstəl/ ) is a city , unitary authority and county in South West England with an estimated population of 442,500 in 2015 .
Lumang Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཀླུ་མང་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashigang District , Bhutan .
Etang de la Gruère is a small lake in the Jura range near Saignelégier , Canton of Jura , Switzerland .
The Tootell House ( also called King 's Row or Hedgerow ) is a house at 1747 Mooresfield Road in Kingston , Rhode Island that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places .
The Greybull River is a tributary of the Big Horn River , approximately 90 miles ( 140 km ) long in northern Wyoming in the United States .
The Freiberg Mining Field ( German : Freiberger Revier or Freiberger Bergbaurevier ) is an ore field which , in its widest sense , is located on an ore deposit of precious and non - ferrous metals roughly 35 x 40 kilometres in area in the lower Eastern Ore Mountains in the German Free State of Saxony .
Byecroft Farm Complex , also known as `` Old Congress , '' is a historic home and farm complex located in Buckingham Township , Bucks County , Pennsylvania .
Oxleas Wood is one of the few remaining areas of ancient deciduous forest in Eltham in the Royal Borough of Greenwich ( with a small amount passing over the boundary into the London Borough of Bexley ) , in southeast London .
Mizzou Arena is an indoor arena located on the south side of the campus of the University of Missouri in Columbia , Missouri .
Mielcuchy ( mjɛlˈt͡suxɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czajków , within Ostrzeszów County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Southgate River is a river in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia , Canada , entering the head of Bute Inlet , on that province 's South Coast , just east of the mouth of the Homathko River at Waddington Harbour .
The John and Mable Ringling Museum of Art is the state art museum of Florida , located in Sarasota , Florida .
Luzanivka Hydropark is a park in Odessa , Ukraine , at the coast of the Gulf of Odessa .
The Garfield Street Historic District is a historic district on Garfield Street between Massachusetts Ave . and Oxford Street in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
The Tour Vauban ( Vauban Tower ) , initially known as the tour de Camaret , is an 18m - high polygonal defensive tower built to a plan by Vauban on the Sillon at Camaret - sur - Mer , as part of the fortifications of the goulet de Brest .
Flagg Ranch is a privately operated resort located in the John D. Rockefeller , Jr. Memorial Parkway corridor between Yellowstone National Park and Grand Teton National Park in northwestern Wyoming .
Sowmeeh - ye Bozorg ( Persian : صومعه بزرگ‎ , also Romanized as Şowme``eh - ye Bozorg ; also known as Şowma``eh - ye Bālā ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 83 , in 17 families .
SAP Center at San Jose ( formerly San Jose Arena , Compaq Center at San Jose and HP Pavilion at San Jose ) is an indoor arena located in San Jose , California .
Biserica Neagră or Black Church ( German : Schwarze Kirche ; Romanian : Biserica Neagră ; Hungarian : Fekete templom ) is a church in Brașov , a city in south - eastern Transylvania , Romania .
The Roads is a neighborhood of Miami in Miami - Dade County , Florida , United States .
Kuseh Safar ( Persian : كوسه صفر‎ , also Romanized as Kūseh Şafar ) is a village in Sarajuy - ye Jonubi Rural District , Saraju District , Maragheh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Janbahan ( Persian : جانبهان‎ , also Romanized as Jānbahān ; also known as Jābnahān ) is a village in Mehranrud - e Markazi Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Schwentine is a river in the North German state of Schleswig - Holstein .
Tušev Dol ( pronounced ( ˈtuːʃɛu̯ ˈdoːu̯ ) ; German : Tuschenthal ) is a settlement west of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Seneca Quarry is a historic site located at Seneca , Montgomery County , Maryland .
Haselbury Plucknett is a village and civil parish on the River Parrett in Somerset , England , situated 6 miles ( 9.7 km ) south west of Yeovil in the South Somerset district .
The Megunticook River is a short river in Camden , Maine .
As per orders of the Delimitation Commission , No . 33 Hemtabad ( Vidhan Sabha constituency ) ( SC ) covers Hemtabad community development block and Bhatun , Bindol , Jagadishpur , Mahipur , Sherpur , Rampur and Sitgram gram panchayats of Raiganj community development block .
When the Wadleigh High School for Girls opened in 1902 , the Harlem neighborhood in upper Manhattan where Wadleigh was located was a fashionable middle and upper class , mostly white and Jewish , area .
Nizhny Kuranakh ( Russian : Ни́жний Курана́х ; Yakut : Аллараа Кураанах ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Aldansky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) from Aldan , the administrative center of the district .
Located immediately across the Edsviken and Stocksundet from Bergshamra , Stocksund is one of four parts of Danderyd Municipality north of Stockholm .
Mian Lengeh ( Persian : ميان لنگه‎ , also Romanized as Mīān Lengeh ) is a village in Eshkevar - e Sofla Rural District , Rahimabad District , Rudsar County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pike 's Stockade , located near Sanford , Colorado , on the Conejos River , about 45 miles southwest of Fort Garland , was built in 1807 .
The Great Vlaie is a swamp which is the source of the Sawyer Kill stream in Ulster County , New York .
Zielonka Nowa ( ʑeˈlɔŋka ˈnɔva ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zwoleń , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Lebanon Correctional Institution is a prison operated by the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction in Warren County 's Turtlecreek Township , about four miles west of Lebanon and two miles east of Monroe on State Route 63 .
Windsor State Forest is a state - owned , public recreation area and forest preserve in the town of Windsor , Massachusetts , managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation .
Victorian Gardens is a seasonal traditional - style amusement park , which is located in the Wollman Rink of Central Park in Manhattan , New York City .
Cooper 's Rock State Forest Superintendent 's House and Garage is a historic home and garage located at Cooper 's Rock State Forest near Morgantown , Monongalia County , West Virginia .
Szetlewek ( ʂɛˈtlɛvɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zagórów , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Houston County Schools is the county government agency which operates the public schools in Houston County , Georgia , USA .
The Chamberlain - Kay House is located in Belton , a city in Anderson County , South Carolina .
The Malone Freight Depot is a historic railroad freight depot located at Malone in Franklin County , New York .
Chin Rural District ( Persian : دهستان چين‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Ludab District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Jaju ( Persian : جاجو‎ , also Romanized as Jājū ) is a village in Seydun - e Jonubi Rural District , Seydun District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
The Charters Towers Region is a local government area in North Queensland , Australia southwest of , and inland from the city of Townsville , based in Charters Towers .
The Hariksee is a lake in the Niederrhein ( `` Lower Rhine '' region in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany . It has a surface area of 0.2 km² . The River Schwalm flows through the lake .
Breakneck Creek is a tributary of Connoquenessing Creek that flows in a northwardly direction in Western Pennsylvania .
Wateni ( or Waténi ) is a rural commune in the Cercle of Sikasso in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali .
Deh Babak Dariyush ( Persian : ده بابك داريوش‎ , also Romanized as Deh Bābak Dārīyūsh ; also known as Deh Bābak and Tolombeh - ye Deh Bābak ) is a village in Mashiz Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Feroe Building , also known as the Harry C. Feroe Building and the Stewart Building , is an historic two - story commercial building located at 73 S.W. Flagler Avenue , corner of S.W. St. Lucie Avenue in Stuart , Martin County , Florida .
The North Table Mountain Ecological Reserve is a nature reserve of 3,315 acres ( 13.42 km2 ) located three miles ( 5 km ) north of Oroville , in Butte County , northern California .
Nurali Rural District ( Persian : دهستان نورعلي‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Pendra road is a town and a nagar panchayat in Bilaspur district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh .
The Captain Moses W. Collyer House , also Driftwood , is located on River Road South in Chelsea , New York , United States .
Cooper 's Mill , also known as Tom Cooper Mill , is a historic grist mill located of County Route 27 near Jumping Branch , Summers County , West Virginia .
Rahim Hatami - ye Do ( Persian : رحيم حاتم دو‎ , also Romanized as Raḥīm Hātami - ye Do , meaning `` Rahim Hatami 2 '' ) is a village in Dowreh Rural District , Chegeni District , Dowreh County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Dames Point Light marked an 8-foot - deep ( 2.4 m ) shoal at a sharp bend in the St. Johns River in Florida that was a danger to ships heading to or from Jacksonville .
Shankar Nagar is a town in Tilottama Municipality in Rupandehi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal .
Ponte della Libertà ( English : Bridge of Liberty ) is a road bridge connecting the historical center of the city of Venice , that is a group of islands , to the mainland .
Misericordia University is a four - year , Catholic , co - educational liberal arts university located on a 100-acre ( 0.40 km2 ) campus in Dallas , Pennsylvania , near the cities of Wilkes - Barre and Scranton within the Diocese of Scranton .
Tworóg Mały ( ˈtfɔruk ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sośnicowice , within Gliwice County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
The Beacon Street Historic District is a historic district running most of the length of Beacon Street in Brookline , Massachusetts , roughly from Saint Mary 's Road , near Kenmore Square , to Ayr Road near Cleveland Circle .
Kolonka ( kɔˈlɔnka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Radzanowo - Lasocin ( rad͡zaˈnɔvɔ laˈsɔt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radzanowo , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Crested Butte Mountain Resort is a ski resort located at Mount Crested Butte in Gunnison County , Colorado , United States .
Sharafshadeh ( Persian : شرفشاده‎ , also Romanized as Sharafshādeh and Sharaf Shādeh ) is a village in Rudboneh Rural District , Rudboneh District , Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Marquis Theatre is a Broadway theatre located at 46th Street Between Broadway and Eighth Avenue in midtown - Manhattan .
Barzyar , Zahedan ( Persian : برزیار‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Nowa Cerekwica ( ˈnɔva t͡sɛrɛkˈfit͡sa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaraczewo , within Jarocin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Leadville Historic District is in the mining town of Leadville , Colorado .
Kahrizeh - ye Ali Aqa ( Persian : كهريزه علي اقا‎ , also Romanized as Kahrīzeh - ye ʿAlī Āqā ; also known as Kahrīzeh ) is a village in Akhtachi Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Penobscot Ice Arena is a high school hockey rink in Brewer , Maine , USA .
Nanna Hubba Bluff is a bluff above the Tombigbee River near Calvert in northeastern Mobile County , Alabama , United States .
Lake Smart is a round natural freshwater lake , with a semicircular cove on its northwest side , on the northeast side of Winter Haven , Florida .
Galveston Airport ( FAA LID : 5I6 ) is a public - use airport in unincorporated Cass County , Indiana , United States .
Konar Pir ( Persian : كنارپير‎ , also Romanized as Konār Pīr , Kenar Pir , and Kunār Pīr ) is a village in Miyan Ab - e Shomali Rural District , in the Central District of Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Llanilar is a village in Ceredigion , Wales , about 4 kilometers ( 2.5 mi ) southeast of Aberystwyth .
Cheshmeh - ye Azad ( Persian : چشمه ازاد‎ , also Romanized as Cheshmeh - ye Āzād ) is a village in Bagh - e Keshmir Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Kuszlów ( ˈkuʂluf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Policzna , within Zwoleń County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Towyn ( Welsh : Tywyn ) , is a seaside resort in the County Borough of Conwy , Wales .
Żórawie ( ʐuˈravjɛ ) ( formerly German Kronheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gryfino , within Gryfino County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
The Château d'Olhain is a 15th - century castle located in Olhain , Fresnicourt - le - Dolmen , Pas - de - Calais , Nord - Pas - de - Calais , France .
Hargla ( Võro : Harglõ ) is a village in Taheva Parish , Valga County in southern Estonia .
Bierówka ( bjɛˈrufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasło , within Jasło County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Stadion pod Hrádkem , also known as Areál Vodranty , is a football stadium in Čáslav , Czech Republic .
Hontenisse ( population in 2002 : 8,014 ) is a former municipality in the southwestern Netherlands , in the municipality of Hulst in the province of Zeeland .
Nam - e Nik ( Persian : نام نيك‎ , also Romanized as Nām - e Nīk and Nām Nīk ; also known as Nāmīn , Nānik , and Nānīn ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Kalpush District , Meyami County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Wujiaqu ( Chinese : 五家渠 ; pinyin : Wǔjiāqú , Uyghur : ۋۇجياچۈ‎ , ULY : Wujyachü , UYY : Vujyaqü ? ) is a sub - prefecture - level city in the northern part of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region , China , about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) north of Ürümqi .
The Fairmont Chateau Lake Louise is a Fairmont Hotel on the eastern shore of Lake Louise , near Banff , Alberta .
The Mattatuck Museum is a cultural institution based in Waterbury , Connecticut , USA .
Deh Kheyr - e Pain ( Persian : ده خيرپائين‎ , also Romanized as Deh Kheyr - e Pā’īn and Deh Khair Pain ; also known as Deh Kheyr - e Soflá and Kheir Sofla ) is a village in Qaryah ol Kheyr Rural District , in the Central District of Darab County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Hadley Center Historic District is an expansive , 2,500-acre ( 1,000 ha ) historic district encompassing the village center of Hadley , Massachusetts .
Viran Qayah ( Persian : ويران قيه‎ , also Romanized as Vīrān Qayah ) is a village in Charuymaq - e Jonubegharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Charuymaq County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Bishop 's University is a predominantly undergraduate university in Lennoxville , Sherbrooke , Quebec , Canada .
Janid Deraz ( Persian : جنيد دراز‎ , also Romanized as Janīd Derāz ; also known as Gonbad Derāz and Gonbad - e Derāz ) is a village in Sarjam Rural District , Ahmadabad District , Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Built by Hyundai Heavy Industries in Ulsan , South Korea , the Kyoto Express was completed in November 2005 .
The Medway SLA100 Executive , also called the Medway SLA 100 Executive , is a British ultralight aircraft designed and produced by Medway Microlights , of Rochester , Kent .
The SS Barossa was a 4,239 gross ton cargo ship built by Caledon Shipbuilding & Engineering Company , Dundee for the Adelaide Steamship Company in 1938 .
The Lancia Musa ( Type 350 ) is a luxury mini MPV marketed by Lancia , the premium marque of Italian automaker Fiat .
The Stadler GTW is an articulated railcar for local transport made by Stadler Rail of Switzerland .
SS City of Benares was a steam passenger ship built for Ellerman Lines by Barclay , Curle & Co of Glasgow in 1936 .
HMS L7 was built by Cammell Laird , Birkenhead .
General Motors - Holden 's produced a Vauxhall Wyvern model in Australia from 1938 to 1957 .
The Mitsubishi AAM-3 ( Type 90 air - to - air missile , 90式空対空誘導弾 ) is a short - range air - to - air missile developed in Japan .
The Chevrolet Tahoe ( and very similar GMC Yukon ) are full - size SUVs from General Motors .
Miles Glenn Gardner ( January 25 , 1916 -- July 7 , 1964 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the St. Louis Cardinals in 1945 .
Neil Lowe ( born 20 December 1978 in Leeds ) is an English born Scottish rugby league footballer playing at representative level for Scotland , and at club level for Featherstone Rovers , Salford , Doncaster , York City Knights , Keighley Cougars , and Hunslet Hawks , as a Second - row .
Gareth Honor in Farnborough , London , England is a rugby league player for London Skolars in National League Two .
Anđelko Savić , can be written also as Andjelko Savić ( born 11 March 1993 ) is a Swiss forward of Serbian descent who plays for Neuchâtel Xamax in the Swiss Challenge League .
Devis Nossa ( born 7 February 1985 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Virtus Entella .
Bert Knibbs ( 1924 -- July 31 , 1998 ) , was a Canadian ice hockey player with the Lethbridge Maple Leafs .
Syed Karim ( born 21 May 1984 ) is a professional footballer who plays for Tanjong Pagar United FC in the S.League .
Carina Holmberg ( born 4 October 1983 ) is a Swedish football player for Sunnanå SK in the Swedish Elitettan who is a forward .
Joonas Donskoi ( born April 13 , 1992 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays under contract with the San Jose Sharks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Andy Bracek ( born Saturday 21 March 1987 in Leigh , Greater Manchester ) is an English born Welsh rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Wales , and at club level for Leigh Miners Rangers , St. Helens , Warrington Wolves , Barrow Raiders ( twice ) , and Crusaders , as a Second - row .
Łukasz Moneta ( born 13 May 1994 ) is a professional footballer who currently plays in Poland for Legia Warsaw .
Oleksandr Sklyar ( Ukrainian : Олександр Сергійович Скляр ; born February 26 , 1991 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian midfielder who plays for FC Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Christian Maggio ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkristjan ˈmaddʒo ) ; born 11 February 1982 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a right back for Serie A club Napoli and Italian national team .
Dennis Setterington ( 1945 -- 2005 ) was a Scottish footballer , who played for Rangers , Falkirk and Stirling Albion .
Ivan Matić ( born 30 April 1971 ) is a retired Croatian professional footballer and current manager of RNK Split Matić began his career in the Yugoslav First League with HNK Hajduk Split .
Omid Namazi ( Persian : امید نمازی‎‎ ) is a retired Iranian - American soccer defender and currently head coach of the United States men 's national under-18 soccer team .
Razali Umar Kandasamy ( born 5 August 1986 ) is a Malaysian footballer , who currently plays for MISC - MIFA in Malaysia FAM League .
Alai Kalaniuvalu ( born October 23 , 1971 ) is a former American football guard in the National Football League for the Atlanta Falcons , Washington Redskins , Philadelphia Eagles , and the Denver Broncos .
Nenad Višnjić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Heнaд Bишњић , born 25 April 1983 ) is a Serbian football defender playing with FK Borac Čačak in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Bruno Bitkowski ( November 11 , 1929 -- February 10 , 1966 ) was an all - star Canadian football centre for the Ottawa Rough Riders for eleven seasons .
Gergő Oláh ( born 18 February 1989 in Gyula ) is a Hungarian football defender player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC .
Jorge Enríquez García ( born 8 January 1991 in Mexicali , Baja California , Mexico ) is a Mexican footballer , who plays at midfielder for Club León onloan from C.D. Guadalajara in the Liga MX .
Daniel Vasilevski ( born 4 September 1981 in Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian footballer who plays for Altona Magic SC in the Victorian State League Division 1 .
Michael Hamlin ( born November 21 , 1985 ) is a former American football safety in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys , Jacksonville Jaguars , Indianapolis Colts , and Washington Redskins .
Larry Strickland ( September 3 , 1931 -- August 29 , 1979 ) was an American Football center for six seasons between 1954 and 1959 for the Chicago Bears , a one - time Pro Bowler and one - time first - team All - Pro . Strickland was born in Tyler , Texas .
Tim Linthorst ( born 3 July 1994 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for De Graafschap in the Eredivisie .
Anne Kjersti Suvdal ( born 30 July 1987 ) is a Norwegian team handball player who plays for the club Viborg HK .
Hans Hateboer ( born 9 January 1994 , in Beerta ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a right back for FC Groningen in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Maksym Babiychuk ( Ukrainian : Максим Миколайович Бабійчук ; born 28 April 1994 in Zaporizhya , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football goalkeeper who plays for FC Metalurh Zaporizhya in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kyle Konwea transferred from Assyriska FF to Siah Jamegan of the Persian Gulf Pro League on 11 December 2015 .
Steve Diamond holds Fulham RLFC / London Crusaders / London Broncos / Harlequins RL 's career goalscoring record ; with 309-goals scored between 1981 - -84 , and is one of less than twenty - five Welshmen to have scored more than 1000-points in their rugby league career .
Larne Patrick ( born 3 November 1988 ) is a professional rugby league footballer currently playing Huddersfield Giants in the European Super League .
Shunsuke Tachino ( 舘野俊祐 , born 19 May 1993 in Toyama , Japan is a Japanese football player who since 2015 has played defense for Tokyo Verdy .
Haris Redžepi ( born 20 July 1988 ) is a Bosnian footballer playing as a forward for FK Olimpic Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Antony Domingo Silva Cano ( born 27 February 1984 ) , commonly known as Antony Silva or mistakenly as Anthony Silva , is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Primera División Paraguaya club Cerro Porteño .
Ivan Šijan ( Zagreb , June 2 , 1990 ) is a professional Croatian ice - hockey player who currently plays for KHL Medveščak of the Erste Bank Icehockey League ( EBEL ) .
Martin Brochu ( born March 10 , 1973 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played briefly in the National Hockey League with the Washington Capitals , Vancouver Canucks , and Pittsburgh Penguins .
Bruno Cristiano Conceição Carvalho Santos ( born 17 January 1984 in Fajões , Oliveira de Azeméis ) , known as Cris , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a midfielder .
Eduardo José Borges Machado ( born 26 April 1990 in Chaves ) , commonly known as Edu , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for C.D. Tondela as a right back or a right midfielder .
Pahl Davis ( March 26 , 1897 -- April 13 , 1946 ) was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers in 1922 .
Oleksandr Akymenko ( Ukrainian : Олександр Олександрович Акименко ; born 5 September 1985 in Antratsyt , Voroshylovohrad Oblast , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Zirka Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian First League .
Mammet Orazmuhammedow ( born December 20 , 1986 ) is a Turkmen footballer ( goalkeeper ) of FC Altyn Asyr .
Bernardo Harris became a free agent and was signed by the Green Bay Packers in 1995 , playing in eleven games his rookie season .
John Jett ( born November 11 , 1968 ) is a former American football punter in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys and the Detroit Lions .
Abraham Stringel Vallejo ( born May 3 , 1988 ) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Cimarrones de Sonora on loan from Tigres UANL .
In June 2007 Derlei left Benfica for Lisbon rivals Sporting Clube de Portugal , signing a contract until 2009 after being freed from his two - year contract with Dynamo Moscow -- he was , therefore , one of the few players to have represented the Big Three of Portugal .
Alexander Pallestrang ( born April 4 , 1990 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey player for EC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Mike Radja ( born March 7 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League .
Oier Olazábal Paredes ( born 14 September 1989 ) , known simply as Oier , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Real Sociedad on loan from Granada CF as a goalkeeper .
Zygfryd Blaut ( March 2 , 1943 in Gogolin -- April 20 , 2005 ) was a Polish football player who won two titles with Legia Warsaw .
Jyri Junnila ( born April 7 , 1984 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Right Wing who is currently playing for KalPa in the Finnish Liiga .
Conor Sheary ( born June 8 , 1992 ) is an American professional ice hockey winger currently playing for the Wilkes - Barre / Scranton Penguins in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) as a prospect to the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Dylan Roberton ( born 21 June 1991 ) is an Australian rules footballer who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Shane Tronc ( born 19 January 1982 in Brisbane , Queensland ) was an Australian professional rugby league player for the Brisbane Broncos in the National Rugby League he was previously playing with the Wakefield Trinity Wildcats in the European Super League and the North Queensland Cowboys in the National Rugby League competition .
Dawid Kucharski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈda.vʲit ku.ˈxar.skʲi ) ; born November 19 , 1984 in Kostrzyn nad Odrą ) is a Polish professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Okocimski KS Brzesko .
Michał Pazdan ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmixaw ˈpazdan ) , born September 21 , 1987 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a centerback and defensive midfielder for Polish Ekstraklasa side Legia Warsaw .
Michał Chałbiński ( born 16 October 1976 in Jastrzębie Zdrój ) is a Polish footballer who last played as a forward for Piast Gliwice .
Dimitris Melikiotis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Μελικιώτης ; born 10 July 1996 in Veria ) , is a Greek footballer who plays for Veria F.C. in the Superleague Greece , as a Winger and Forward .
Sanni Sari Abacha ( 26 October 1978 -- 3 October 2013 ) was a Nigerian football defender who played for Kwara United F.C ..
Liam Bretherton ( born 20 June 1979 ) is a former rugby league footballer who played at representative level for Ireland in the 2000 Rugby League World Cup and at club level for Wigan , Leigh , Warrington , Blackpool and Workington Town .
Aleksei Sergeyevich Glushkov ( Russian : Алексей Серге́евич Глушков ; born May 29 , 1985 ) is a Russian football midfielder who last played for FC Spartak Yoshkar - Ola .
Carlo Mamo and Marsaxlokk F.C. reached the heights of Maltese football during the 2006 - 07 season , as Mamo captained his team to the title for the first time in the clubs history .
Udo Schmuck ( born October 29 , 1952 ) is a German former footballer who played for Dynamo Dresden and won seven caps for East Germany .
Ramez Dayoub ( Arabic:رامز ديوب ) born 9 August 1984 in Beirut ) is a Lebanese footballer who last played for Selangor FA in the Malaysia Super League .
Albert Sukop ( 24 November 1912 -- 9 May 1993 ) was a German footballer who played for Eintracht Braunschweig .
Arnaud Monney ( born 18 September 1981 ) is an Ivorian football player who currently plays for CS Sedan Ardennes in France as defender .
Perry Kollie ( born 3 December 1982 ) is a Liberian international footballer who plays as a striker for 2nd Division I - League side Royal Wahingdoh F.C ..
Milivoj Bračun ( born 22 April 1958 ) is a Croatian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Slovenian First League side FC Koper .
Craig Peacock ( born 8 August 1988 ) is an English professional ice hockey forward currently playing for the Belfast Giants in the Elite Ice Hockey League .
Håvard Tvedten ( born 29 June 1978 ) is a Norwegian handball player , currently playing for the Danish club Aalborg Håndbold .
Mark Gorman ( Hebrew : מרק גורמן‎ ; born 9 February 1989 in Alma - Ata ) is a Kazakhstani - Israeli professional association football player currently contracted to FC Kairat .
Dwight King ( born July 5 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger for the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Alper Balaban ( August 1 , 1987 , Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg -- April 12 , 2010 ) was a Turkish - German footballer who started his career with Fenerbahçe .
Indra Gunawan ( born October 12 , 1982 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for PSAP Sigli in the Indonesia Super League .
Onur Tuncer ( born February 19 , 1984 in Kocaeli , Turkey ) is a Turkish football player currently playing for Antalyaspor .
Fernando Arroyo ( born March 21 , 1952 ) was a Major League Baseball ( MLB ) pitcher for the Detroit Tigers , Minnesota Twins , and Oakland Athletics .
Laurence Ekperigin ( born February 21 , 1988 ) is a British - American professional basketball player who currently plays for Poitiers Basket 86 of the LNB Pro B.
Lewis Billups ( October 10 , 1963 in Tampa , Florida -- April 10 , 1994 in Orlando , Florida ) was an American football cornerback who played seven seasons with the Cincinnati Bengals and Green Bay Packers in the National Football League , recording 9 interceptions and 8 fumble recoveries .
Danny Wintjens ( born 30 September 1983 in Maastricht ) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who currently plays for VVV - Venlo in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Jon Kilgore is a former professional American football player who played punter for five seasons for the Los Angeles Rams , Chicago Bears , and San Francisco 49ers .
Gellért Ivancsics ( born February 23 , 1987 in Sopron ) is a Hungarian football player currently playing for Budapest Honvéd FC .
Born in Montrose , West Virginia , Del Gainer played for the Detroit Tigers from 1909 to 1914 .
Kouadio Georges Ehui ( born 2 February 1994 ) is an Ivorian - born English footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Northwood , having previously played for Wycombe Wanderers in Football League Two .
Ryan Kankowski ( born 14 October 1985 ) is a South African rugby union player , who plays for the Natal Sharks provincially and The Sharks in Super Rugby and has been capped by the Springboks at international level .
Patrick Wiencek ( born 22 March 1989 ) is a German handballer who plays as a pivot for THW Kiel and the Germany national team .
Yasser Basuhai ( Arabic : ياسر باصهي ) ( born 27 March 1979 ) is a Yemeni football Forward who is currently playing for Al - Hilal Al - Sahili
Fernando Gaston Soler ( born February 24 , 1978 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine football striker who currently is the coach assistant for Pusamania Borneo F.C ..
Mircea Sasu , ( 5 October 1939 -- 17 October 1983 ) , was a Romanian football striker , who played for Minerul Baia Mare , UT Arad , Dinamo Bucharest , Farul Constanţa in Romania and Fenerbahçe SK in Turkey .
Kristjan Kangur ( born 23 October 1982 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who last played for Pallacanestro Varese of the Lega Basket Serie A. He is 2.02 m ( 6 ft 7½ in ) tall , 100 kg ( 220 lbs . ) , and he can play at both the small forward and power forward positions .
István Sofron ( born February 24 , 1988 Miercurea Ciuc ) is a Hungarian international ice hockey player who plays for Krefeld Pinguine of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Eugen Gopko ( born 5 January 1991 in Kolchyno , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian - German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Wormatia Worms .
Ferenc Babati ( born 6 June 1972 in Zalaegerszeg ) is a retired Hungarian football ( midfielder ) player who has spent most of his career playing for Zalaegerszegi TE .
Gabriel Velasco Gutiérrez ( born February 1 , 1986 ) is a professional Mexican footballer who currently plays for Deportivo Tepic F.C. on loan from Deportivo Toluca F.C.
Trond Strande ( born 24 November 1970 ) is a retired Norwegian footballer who spent his entire career playing for Molde FK and was a regular on Molde 's team from 1991 to 2007 .
Ivan Jolić ( born 18 May 1980 in Livno , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian Croatian football striker , currently playing for NK Zadar in Croatia .
Besar Musolli ( born 28 February 1989 in Podujevë ) is a Kosovar Albanian footballer currently playing for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
A left back , Jean - Alain Fanchone won the Coupe Gambardella with RC Strasbourg in 2006 , defeating in final Karim Benzema 's Olympique Lyonnais .
Stepan Hirskyi ( Ukrainian : Степан Богданович Гірський ; born 8 January 1991 in Lviv , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for club GKS Tychy in the II liga ( Poland ) .
Mark Reber ( born 14 January 1969 ) is a retired rugby league footballer who played for North Sydney Bears in the ARL and NRL , and Wigan Warriors in the European Super League .
Peter Leško ( born 23 September 1991 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Artem Sukhotskyi ( Ukrainian : Артем Михайлович Сухоцький ; born 6 December 1992 in Nizhyn , Chernihiv Oblast , Ukraine ) , is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Zorya Luhansk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Artūras Jomantas ( born May 4 , 1985 ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player who plays for BC Šiauliai of the Lithuanian Basketball League and Baltic Basketball League .
Martin Nagy ( born 5 September 1990 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for club MFK Ružomberok .
Zvonimir Stanković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Звoнимиp Cтaнкoвић , born 22 November 1983 , in Leskovac ) is a Serbian footballer playing for FK Bregalnica Štip in the Macedonian First Football League as a defender .
Bruno Petković ( born 16 September 1994 ) is a Croatian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B side Virtus Entella on loan from Calcio Catania .
Stuart McInally ( born 9 August 1990 ) is a Scottish rugby union player who plays for Edinburgh Rugby in the RaboDirect Pro12 .
Heriberto Rojas Herrera ( born 1942 or 1943 ) is a former Costa Rican footballer who played his entire career for Deportivo Saprissa , during the 1960s and 1970s .
Michel Renggli ( born 19 March 1980 ) is a retired Swiss footballer who last played as midfielder for FC Luzern in the Swiss Super League .
Quentin Jakoba ( born December 19 , 1987 in Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who played on the professional level for Eerste Divisie league club FC Eindhoven during the 2008 - 2009 season .
Justin Meram ( Arabic : جستن حكمت عزيز ميرام ) ( born December 4 , 1988 ) is a footballer who currently plays for the Columbus Crew SC in Major League Soccer and the Iraq national team .
In May 1998 , at the age of 20 , Tininho left Brazil and Associação Portuguesa de Desportos to sign with Feyenoord in the Netherlands .
In recognition of his stellar 1989 play for the San Francisco Giants , hitting over .300 coming off the bench , a group of Giants fans gathered to celebrate Ken Oberkfell Day on August 17 , 2014 .
Kelly Malveaux ( born November 5 , 1976 in Bellflower , California ) is a Canadian Football League halfback who played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Daly Cherry - Evans ( born 20 February 1989 in Redcliffe , Queensland ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles of the National Rugby League .
Nicholas Killas ( born 8 February 1991 ) is a South African association football defender who plays for AEK Kouklia F.C. in the Cypriot First Division .
Vladimir Quesada Araya ( born 12 May 1966 ) is a former Costa Rican football player who played his entire career with Deportivo Saprissa , during the 1980s and 1990s .
Mykhaylo Kopolovets ( born 29 January 1984 in Uzhhorod , Ukrainian SSR ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for Einheit Rudolstadt .
Jaylen Watkins ( born November 27 , 1992 ) is an American football cornerback who is currently on the Philadelphia Eagles in the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Born in Alpicat , Lleida , Catalonia , Jofre was a product of FC Barcelona 's prolific youth system .
Eric Viscaal ( born March 20 , 1968 in Eindhoven , North Brabant ) is a former football player from the Netherlands , who played much of his career in Belgium ( Beveren , KAA Gent , KV Mechelen ) .
Alfred Preissler ( 9 April 1921 -- 15 July 2003 ) was a German footballer and manager who played as a forward for Borussia Dortmund .
Edmilson Junior , commonly known as Edmilson ( born 19 August 1994 in Brussels ) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Belgian Pro League club Standard Liège .
Riku Riski ( born 16 August 1989 in Masku ) is a Finnish footballer who plays for Scottish Premiership club Dundee United on loan from Norwegian Tippeligaen club Rosenborg BK .
Mickaël Cériélo ( born 1 September 1984 ) is a French professional footballer who currently plays as a defender for Championnat National side AS Cannes .
Ray Mariuz ( born December 25 , 1980 ) is a former professional Canadian football linebacker He was drafted 28th overall by the Toronto Argonauts in the 2003 CFL Draft and won a Grey Cup championship in 2004 .
Ali Ibrahim Kébé Baye ( born December 24 , 1978 ) , commonly known as Ibra Kébé , is a Senegalese footballer who last played for FC Anzhi Makhachkala .
Damien Menzo ( born October 18 , 1993 in Amsterdam ) is a Dutch professional footballer who is currently without a club after he was released by FC Volendam .
Julio Bernad Valmaseda ( 17 October 1928 -- 9 July 2014 ) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a defender for Huesca and Real Zaragoza .
Jimmy Kilpatrick ( born January 27 , 1985 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who last played with the HC Neumarkt - Egna of the Serie A2 .
Alfred Sankoh ( born 22 October 1988 ) is a Sierra Leonean footballer currently playing for Balıkesirspor from Turkey .
Stathis Karamalikis ( Greek : Στάθης Καραμαλίκης ; born 4 December 1981 in Zakynthos , Greece ) is a professional football striker currently playing for Zakynthos F.C. based in Zakynthos , Greece and currently playing at Football League ( 2nd level in Greek 's football pyramid ) .
Paweł Kaczorowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈpa.vɛw ka.t͡ʂɔ.ˈrɔf.skʲi ) ; born 22 March 1974 in Zduńska Wola ) is a Polish footballer who has previously played for the Polish Ekstraklasa clubs Lech Poznań , Legia Warsaw , Wisła Kraków , and Śląsk Wrocław .
Daniele Portanova ( born 17 December 1978 ) is an Italian footballer , who plays as a defender for Robur Siena of Lega Pro .
Manuel Rafael Mota Geronimo , more commonly known as Manny Mota ( born February 18 , 1938 ) , is a Dominican former Major League Baseball outfielder who played for the San Francisco Giants , Pittsburgh Pirates and Montreal Expos , as well as being a pinch hitting specialist with the Los Angeles Dodgers .
Kwak Hae - seong ( Hangul : 곽해성 ; born 6 December 1991 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as full back for Seongnam FC in K League Classic .
Eddy Pieters Graafland OON ( born 5 January 1934 in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a former Dutch football ( soccer ) goalkeeper , who played for Feyenoord and Ajax Amsterdam and was part of Feyenoord 's European Cup victory in 1970 .
Mario Lösch ( born September 13 , 1989 ) is an Austrian professional association football player , currently playing for Austrian Football Bundesliga side SV Mattersburg .
Damien Bridonneau ( born April 19 , 1975 in Niort , Deux - Sèvres ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Ligue 2 club Vannes OC .
Tom Køhlert ( born April 30 , 1947 ) is a Danish former football player at , and former manager of , Brøndby IF in the Danish Superliga .
Neylor Lopes Gonçalves or simply Neylor ( born April 2 , 1987 in Colorado - PR ) , is a Brazilian central defender who currently plays for Boa Esporte Clube .
Nick Boucher ( born December 29 , 1980 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played for the Fort Wayne Komets of the ECHL .
Timothée Atouba ( born 17 February 1982 in Douala ) is a Cameroonian football player , who is currently a free agent after being released by UD Las Palmas in 2014 .
Mallory Deluce ( born April 13 , 1989 ) is an ice hockey forward for the Wisconsin Badgers women 's ice hockey program .
Jérôme Thion ( born 2 December 1977 in Senlis , Oise ) is a French rugby union footballer who currently plays for Biarritz Olympique in the Top 14 club competition in France .
Hu Rentian was promoted to the senior team of Tianjin Teda F.C. during the 2009 league season and would eventually make his debut on August 30 , 2009 in a league game against Jiangsu Sainty where he would also score his first senior goal in a 1 - 0 victory .
Olaf Berner is member of THW Kiel since the early 1960s .
Ulrik Balling ( born 11 June 1975 ) is a retired Danish professional football player who is currently assistant coach for FC Vestsjælland .
James McCluskey ( born February 10 , 1988 ) is an American football fullback playing for the Oakland Raiders of the National Football League .
Furkan Özçal ( born 3 September 1990 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Turkish club Kayserispor on loan from Galatasaray .
Molly Kreklow ( born February 17 , 1992 ) is an American indoor volleyball player who plays for Eczacıbaşı VitrA.
Ben Farrar ( born 2 December 1986 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who plays for the London Broncos in the Kingstone Press Championship .
Luke DeVere ( born 5 November 1989 ) is an Australian footballer who plays for A - League side Brisbane Roar FC and the Australian national team .
Rooi Mahamutsa ( born 26 October 1981 in Standerton , Mpumalanga ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender for Premier Soccer League club Orlando Pirates and South Africa .
Sergey Viktorovich Ryzhikov ( Russian : Сергей Викторович Рыжиков ; born 19 September 1980 in Shebekino ) is an association footballer , currently playing for FC Rubin Kazan .
Ron Durham ( 11 June 1921 -- 25 June 1961 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL in between 1943 and 1944 and then from 1946 to 1948 for the Richmond Football Club .
Joe Hirst ( born 21 April 1987 in Wakefield ) is a rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Halifax , Wakefield Trinity ( reserve grade ) , Featherstone Rovers , and Sheffield Eagles , as a Second - row , or Loose forward / Lock .
Zhu Fangyu ( Chinese : 朱芳雨 ; pinyin : Zhū Fāngyǔ ) is a Chinese basketball player who currently plays for Guangdong Southern Tigers in the Chinese Basketball Association .
Nenad Bilbija ( born 6 February 1984 ) is a professional handball player , currently playing for GWD Minden .
Monika Conjar ( born 21 April 1995 ) is a Croatian women 's football forward currently playing for ŽNK Pomurje in the Slovenian Women 's League .
Diego Hernández Basulto ( born February 12 , 1993 ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a winger for Atlético San Luis on loan from C.D. Guadalajara .
Marcus Kink ( born January 13 , 1985 ) is a German professional ice hockey player who is currently playing as Captain for Adler Mannheim in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Florian Dinhopel ( born 13 January 1987 ) is an Austrian ice hockey player currently playing for Graz 99ers of the Austrian Hockey League .
Kirby Fabien ( born September 10 , 1990 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a professional Canadian football offensive lineman for the BC Lions of the Canadian Football League .
Greg Koch ( born June 14 , 1955 in Bethesda , Maryland ) is a former American football tackle and guard who played eleven seasons in the National Football League , mainly with the Green Bay Packers .
Chiró Vuza N'Toko Mena ( born 30 January 1988 ) , known as Chiró N'Toko , is a footballer who plays as a centre back for FC Eindhoven .
Mohd Reithaudin Awang Emran ( born 5 August 1978 in Lahad Datu ) is a Malaysian professional football player from state of Sabah , last played at Sabah FA before retiring .
Bryan Jurewicz is a former professional National Football League player who was briefly a member of both the Carolina Panthers and Indianapolis Colts .
Niall McCabe ( born October 6 , 1990 ) is an Irish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Louisville City FC in the USL .
L. J. Peak ( born February 2 , 1996 ) is an American basketball player who plays for the Georgetown Hoyas men 's basketball where he is playing his sophomore season for the 2015 - -16 team .
Chet Miksza ( November 28 , 1930 -- October 29 , 1975 ) was a centre for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League from 1952 - 1968 .
Garry Moss ( born 5 July 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer formerly with the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Jarrod Polson ( born May 8 , 1991 ) is a former college basketball player for the University of Kentucky Wildcats men 's basketball team .
Boubacar Coly ( born July 11 , 1983 ) is a Senegalese professional basketball player who last played for Al Ansar of the Saudi Premier League .
Laslo Seleš ( Hungarian : László Széles , Serbian Cyrillic : Лacлo Ceлeш ; born 23 June 1943 in Zrenjanin ) is a retired Yugoslavian football player who played with FK Proleter Zrenjanin and FK Željezničar Sarajevo in the Yugoslav First League and Sochaux in France .
Denis Maccan ( born May 5 , 1984 in Pordenone ) is an Italian forward , currently on the books of Brescia Calcio .
Ramon Leeuwin ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈraː.mɔn ˈleːw.in ) ) ( born 1 September 1987 ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays for FC Utrecht in the Dutch Eredivisie .
After a brief spell back in his country with América Futebol Clube ( MG ) , Tininho returned to the Netherlands , where he would remain for the following five seasons always in the top flight , with RBC Roosendaal , NEC Nijmegen and ADO Den Haag .
Alexander Tatarinov ( born 14 April 1982 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Ismar Hairlahović ( born 4 March 1996 ) is a Bosnian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for NK Dugopolje in the Druga HNL on loan from HNK Hajduk Split .
The Tescou , ( French : Le Tescou ) is a tributary of the Tarn in the basin of the Garonne in Southern France .
The Cestos River , also known as Nuon or Nipoué river , is a Liberian river that rises in the Nimba Range of Guinea and flows south along the Côte d'Ivoire border , then southwest through tracks of Liberian rain forest to empty into a bay on the Atlantic Ocean where the city River Cess is located .
The Putumayo River ( Spanish : Río Putumayo , Portuguese : Río Içá ) is one of the tributaries of the Amazon River , west of and parallel to the Japurá River .
Quinny Brook is a tributary stream of the River Onny which flows through the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in England .
Before emptying into Bathurst Inlet on the Arctic Ocean , the Mara River ( Nunavut ) empties into the Burnside River .
Bityug River ( Russian : Битюг ) is a river in Voronezh Oblast , Russia , a left tributary of the Don .
The Chari River flows from the Central African Republic through Chad into Lake Chad , following the Cameroon border from N'Djamena , where it is joined by its western and principal tributary , the Logone River .
The Laute is a right tributary of the Innerste river in Lower Saxony .
The Obernberger Seebach , formerly called Obernberger Ache , is a river in Austria originating south - west of Brenner and taking a north - east route to the Sill River .
The Elde flows into the Löcknitz ( itself a tributary of the Elbe ) in Eldenburg , part of Lenzen ( Elbe ) .
In the 1980s , Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory physicist Klaus Halbach independently invented the Halbach array to focus particle accelerator beams .
In mathematics , a Godeaux surface is one of the surfaces of general type introduced by Lucien Godeaux .
Rutherfordium is a chemical element with symbol Rf and atomic number 104 , named in honor of physicist Ernest Rutherford .
Norr Mälarstrand ( Swedish for `` Northern Shore of Mälaren '' ) is a street on Kungsholmen in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Robert Island or Mitchells Island or Polotsk Island or Roberts Island is an island 11 miles ( 18 km ) long and 8 miles ( 13 km ) wide , situated between Nelson Island ( South Shetland Islands ) and Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands .
Moon type was developed by Dr. William Moon ( 1818 - -1894 ) , a blind Englishman living in Brighton , East Sussex .
The Bence Jones protein was described by the English physician Henry Bence Jones in 1847 and published in 1848 .
The Yerevan Metro ( Armenian : Երեւանի մետրոպոլիտեն , Yerevani metropoliten ; since December 1999 , Կարեն Դեմիրճյանի անվան Երեւանի մետրոպոլիտեն ( Karen Demirchyani anvan Yerevani metropoliten ) , the Karen Demirchyan Yerevan Metro ) is a rapid transit system that serves the capital of Armenia , Yerevan .
In 1964 , the city was renamed Tolyatti ( after Palmiro Togliatti , the longest - serving secretary of the Italian Communist Party ) .
Anvers Island or Antwerp Island or Antwerpen Island or Isla Amberes is a high , mountainous island 61 km ( 38 miles ) long , the largest in the Palmer Archipelago of Antarctica .
Badge 373 was shot on location on the streets of New York City .
Long Arm of the Law Part 3 is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Michael Mak and starring Andy Lau , Elizabeth Lee , Max Mok and Elvis Tsui .
The Bullion Boys is a film based on the true story of how Britain 's gold reserve was secretly transferred to Liverpool at the start of the Second World War .
Set partially in New York City and partially in the Shanghai Ghetto , the book follows Lydia Chin as she tries to recover a fictional stolen jewel also called The Shanghai Moon .
In Death on Credit , Ferdinand , Céline 's alter ego , is a doctor in Paris , treating the poor who seldom pay him but take every advantage of his availability .
It portrays would - be rubber baron Brian Sweeney Fitzgerald , an Irishman known in Peru as Fitzcarraldo , who is determined to transport a steamship over a steep hill in order to access a rich rubber territory in the Amazon Basin .
Sixty Million Dollar Man ( Chinese : 百變星君 ) is a 1995 Hong Kong comedy film written and directed by Raymond Yip and starring Stephen Chow , Ng Man Tat , and Gigi Leung .
The Andros Targets is a 1977 United States newspaper drama television series starring James Sutorius which centers around a crusading newspaper reporter who uncovers corruption in New York City .
Select theaters also held a one - time special marathon of all Die Hard films to lead up to A Good Day to Die Hard 's nationwide release , with Bruce Willis making a personal appearance at one of these marathons in New York City to thank fans .
Interiors for Seven Days in May were shot at the Paramount studios in Hollywood , and on location in Paris , France , Washington , D.C. , San Diego , Arizona and in California 's Imperial Valley .
Set in the Ten Thousand Islands , off the southwest coast of Florida , it is the story of the Bigtree family of alligator wrestlers who live on Swamplandia ! , an alligator - wrestling theme park .
The Grudge 2 premiered at Knott 's Berry Farm in Buena Park , California on October 8 , 2006 .
The L - Shaped Room is a 1962 British drama film , directed by Bryan Forbes , which tells the story of a young French woman , unmarried and pregnant , who moves into a London boarding house , befriending a young man in the building .
Babycakes ( 1984 ) is the fourth book in the Tales of the City series by American novelist Armistead Maupin , originally serialized in the San Francisco Chronicle .
40 Days and 40 Nights was filmed on location at Potrero Hill , San Francisco , California .
90 Bristol Court is the umbrella title of a short - lived NBC experiment comprising three situation comedies set in a Southern California apartment complex located at the title address .
What Was Lost was rejected by 20 agents and publishers before being accepted for publication by Tindal Street Press , a small Birmingham publisher .
Eyyvah Eyvah is a 2010 Turkish comedy film , directed by Hakan Algül , which stars Ata Demirer as a young clarinet player who travels to Istanbul in search of his estranged father .
Set around trials at the Old Bailey in Georgian London against a backdrop of corruption and social injustice , Garrow 's Law is a legal drama inspired by the life of pioneering barrister William Garrow .
Chainsaw Gang debuted on November 10 , 2012 as part of an initial 10 show series The series is principally filmed at Poitras ' business , Deadwood Tree Sculptures in Malibu , California and other locations where the crew may be carving as demonstrations .
The Beauty of Men is a 1996 novel by Andrew Holleran , about Lark , a 47-year - old single gay man , who has moved to Florida to help care for his mother who became paralyzed after a fall .
The Onion Field is a 1973 nonfiction book by Joseph Wambaugh , a sergeant for the Los Angeles Police Department , chronicling the kidnapping of two plainclothes LAPD officers by a pair of criminals during an evening traffic stop and the subsequent murder of Officer Ian James Campbell .
This unofficial sequel explores the worlds of both video piracy and self - publishing , as the director creates a bootleg or pirated DVD of Staten Island Catapult and hires an actress to sell it on the streets of New York City .
GoldenEye was the first Bond film made after the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War , which provided a background for the plot .
The Rat Catchers is an organisation based at Whitehall in Central London but officially did n't exist , being denied at the highest level as they worked with the greatest secrecy .
Wolfgang Ullmann ( 18 August 1929 -- 30 July 2004 ) was a German journalist , theologian , politician .
Emmanuel Liais ( 15 February 1826 - -5 March 1900 ) was a French astronomer , botanist and explorer who spent many years in Brazil .
Kim Jong - hae ( born July 23 , 1941 ) is a Korean author , ex - sailor , and publisher .
Fan Hui ( Chinese : 樊麾 ; pinyin : Fán Huī ; born 27 December 1981 ) is a Chinese - born French Go player .
Helle Juul ( born 1954 ) is a Danish architect .
Pierre - Jean - Baptiste Chaussard ( 29 January 1766 , Paris -- 30 September 1823 ) , known as Publicola Chaussard , was a French writer , art critic , poet , revolutionary , politician and follower of Theophilanthropy .
Marc Caussidière ( 18 May 1808 -- 27 January 1861 ) was a significant personality of the French republican movement of the first half of the nineteenth century .
Clemens Binninger ( born 24 April 1962 in Bonndorf , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German politician and member of the CDU ( conservative party ) .
Charles Malo François Lameth ( 5 October 1757 -- 28 December 1832 ) was a French politician and soldier .
Christophe Bourseiller ( French pronunciation : ​(buʁsɛje ) ; original name : Christophe Gintzburger - Kinsbourg ; born 27 September 1957 in Paris ) is a French actor , writer , freemason and journalist .
Frankie Sparo was the pseudonym of Chad Jones , a singer / songwriter from Victoria , British Columbia who released two albums and an EP on Constellation Records .
Ilya Spiegel ( Russian : Илья Шпигель ; born August 24 , 1975 , Leningrad , USSR ) is a Finnish politician , the founder and leader of the New Europeans movement in Finland .
James Ronald Chalmers ( January 11 , 1831 - April 9 , 1898 ) was an American politician
Buck Simmonds is an American actor / guitarist .
Michelle McAdorey ( born in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter .
Ali Pourtash is an actor and comedian of Iranian cinema .
Gaius the Platonist ( 2nd century ) was a Greek or Roman philosopher , and a representative of Middle Platonism .
Hira Devi Waiba ( Nepali : हिरा देवी वाइबा ) was a Nepali folk singer from Darjeeling , India .
John T. Brown ( March 14 , 1876 -- January 18 , 1951 ) was an American politician who served as the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Ohio from 1929 to 1931 serving under Governor Myers Y. Cooper .
Joseph H. Denny ( June 17 , 1883 -- January 20 , 1962 ) was a Vermont businessman and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives and President Pro Tem of the Vermont Senate .
Droserapollis is a genus of extinct plants in the family Droseraceae .
Argonauta bottgeri , also known as Böttger 's argonaut , is a species of pelagic octopus belonging to the genus Argonauta .
Charana is a genus of hairstreak butterfly in the family Lycaenidae .
The West Canary skink or lisa dorada ( Chalcides viridanus ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family .
Tasmannia is a genus of woody , evergreen flowering plants of the family Winteraceae .
The Mariana mallard or Oustalet 's duck ( Anas oustaleti ) is an extinct type of duck of the genus Anas that was endemic to the Mariana Islands .
Peking Man ( Chinese : 北京猿人 ; pinyin : Běijīng Yuánrén ) , Homo erectus pekinensis , is an example of Homo erectus .
The Fischer 's shrew ( Crocidura fischeri ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Buchwaldoboletus is a genus of bolete fungi in the family Boletaceae .
The Ahanta francolin ( Pternistis ahantensis ) is a species of bird in the pheasant family , Phasianidae .
The Armadini are a noctuid ( `` owlet '' ) moth tribe of the Catocalinae subfamily .
The Himalayan swiftlet ( Aerodramus brevirostris ) is a small swift .
Amphechinus is an extinct genus of hedgehog of the family Erinaceidae , which lived in Asia and Europe during the Oligocene and in North America , Africa , Asia , and Europe during the Miocene .
The Ural field mouse ( Apodemus uralensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Capricorn lizardfish ( Synodus capricornis ) is a species of lizardfish that lives mainly in the Pacific Ocean .
The Tasmanian pygmy possum ( Cercartetus lepidus ) , also known as the little pygmy possum , is the world 's smallest possum .
The Jamaican owl ( Pseudoscops grammicus ) is a medium - sized tawny colored owl that is endemic to the island of Jamaica .
Nannogomphus is an extinct genus of fossil odonates belonging to the family Gomphidae .
Rhantaticus congestus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Rhantaticus .
Syngliocladium is a genus of anamorphic fungi within the Ophiocordycipitaceae family .
Agelaia is a genus of Neotropical social wasps ( family Vespidae ) , with species from Mexico to northern Argentina .
Barbapellis pterygalces also known as the Moose eelpout is a species of zoarcid fish found in Southern Ocean .
Notolestus sulcipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Notolestus .
The Angolan batis ( Batis minulla ) is a species of bird in the Platysteiridae family .
Euperipatoides is a genus of velvet worms in the family Peripatopsidae .
Couch 's spadefoot toad or Couch 's spadefoot ( Scaphiopus couchii ) is a species of North American spadefoot toad ( family Scaphiopodidae ) .
Dorymyrmex ( also known cone ants ) is a genus of ants in the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
The Deccan white carp ( Cirrhinus fulungee ) is a species of freshwater cyprinid fish native to India .
Pinheirodontidae is a poorly known family of fossil mammals within the order Multituberculata .
The Miombo blue - eared starling ( Lamprotornis elisabeth ) , also known as the southern blue - eared glossy - starling , is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
Stenochlaena is a genus of ferns of the plant family Blechnaceae .
Euophrys is a genus of the spider family Salticidae ( jumping spiders ) with almost worldwide distribution .
The Curimatidae , toothless characins , are a family of freshwater fishes , of the order Characiformes .
The Nyanza swift ( Apus niansae ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
Ailanthus ( /əˈlænθəs/ ; derived from ailanto , an Ambonese word probably meaning `` tree of the gods '' or `` tree of heaven '' ) is a genus of trees belonging to the family Simaroubaceae , in the order Sapindales ( formerly Rutales or Geraniales ) .
The Desertas petrel ( Pterodroma deserta ) is a small seabird in the gadfly petrel genus which breeds on Bugio Island in the Desertas off Madeira .
The Namoi River snapping turtle ( Myuchelys bellii ) , also commonly known as Bell 's turtle , Namoi River elseya , or Bell 's saw - shelled turtle , is a species of turtle in the Chelidae family .
The Latham 's francolin or forest francolin ( Peliperdix lathami ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
The Transcaspian vole ( Microtus transcaspicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Odaigahara salamander ( Hynobius boulengeri ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family endemic to Japan .
The Hogsback frog or Rattray 's forest frog ( Anhydrophryne rattrayi ) is a species of frog in the Pyxicephalidae family .
Hildegarde 's broad - headed mouse or Hildegarde 's zelotomys ( Zelotomys hildegardeae ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Fitzinger 's algyroides or the pygmy algyroides or the pygmy keeled lizard ( Algyroides fitzingeri ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
The Catostomidae are the suckers of the order Cypriniformes , with about 78 species in this family of freshwater fishes .
The Ramu rainbowfish ( Glossolepis ramuensis ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
Linisa is a genus ( or a subgenus under Polygyra ) of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae .
Monkeypox virus ( MPV ) is a double - stranded DNA , zoonotic virus and a species of the genus Orthopoxvirus in the family Poxviridae .
Jerdon 's baza ( Aviceda jerdoni ) is a moderate sized brown hawk with a thin white - tipped black crest usually held erect .
Cussonia is a genus of plants of family Araliaceae , represented by 20 species .
The Comoro rousette ( Rousettus obliviosus ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae endemic to the Comoros Islands .
Cascaronia astragalina is a species of flowering plant in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Camelpox is a disease of camels caused by a virus of the family Poxviridae , subfamily Chordopoxvirinae , and the genus Orthopoxvirus .
Grauer 's warbler ( Graueria vittata ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Locustellidae family .
Xenion ignitum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Xenion .
The Saginae , commonly known as the predatory katydids or predatory bush - crickets , is a subfamily of the family Tettigoniidae ( the katydids , long - horned grasshoppers or bush - crickets ) .
Haideoporus texanus is a species of beetle in the family Dytiscidae , the only species in the genus Haideoporus .
Shaw Mayer 's brush mouse ( Pogonomelomys mayeri ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Beccariophoenix is a genus of three species of Arecaceae ( palms ) , native to Madagascar .
Grossuana is a genus of very small freshwater snails , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae
The Peruvian tyrannulet ( Zimmerius viridiflavus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Longchengpterus has been assigned to the Istiodactylidae sharing with Istiodactylus tooth form and count as well as a large skull opening .
The Hippoglossoidinae are a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family .
The VUB night frog ( Nyctibatrachus vrijeuni ) is a species of frog in the family Nyctibatrachidae .
Eucnide ( stingbush ) is a genus of plants in the family Loasaceae .
Mariosousa willardiana , also called Palo Blanco tree , palo liso , guinola and Willard Acacia , is a normally evergreen plant in the genus Mariosousa native to Mexico .
`` Total evidence analysis of the phylogenetic relationships of Lycosoidea spiders ( Araneae , Entelegynae ) '' .
Eburostola amazonica is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Eburostola .
The Woolley 's three - striped dasyure ( Myoictis leucera ) is a member of the order Dasyuromorphia .
The genus Marburgvirus is a virological taxon ( i.e. a man - made concept ) included in the family Filoviridae , order Mononegavirales .
Knipowitschia croatica , the Neretva dwarf goby , is a species of fresh water goby native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia .
Eporus insignis is a species of beetle in the family Monotomidae , the only species in the genus Eporus .
Broadnose skate ( Bathyraja brachyurops ) is a species of skate in the family Rajidae .
The Singapore blue ( Lampropelma violaceopes ) is a large , arboreal species of tarantula from Malaysia and Singapore .
Coding the original hand and jaw specimens separately showed that while the Caenagnathus holotype remained in the more basal position in the Caenagnathidae commonly assigned to it , the Chirostenotes pergracilis holotype was placed as an advanced oviraptorosaurian and an oviraptorid .
Ctenomys andersoni , also called Anderson 's Cujuchi , is a species of tuco - tuco native to Bolivia .
Alcathousiella polyrhaphoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Alcathousiella .
The New Guinea naked - backed fruit bat ( Dobsonia magna or Dobsonia moluccensis magna ) is a species of megabat endemic to Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian islands of Waigeo , Yapen , Batanta , and Misool .
The Larut Hills caecilian , Caudacaecilia larutensis , is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family found in Malaysia and Thailand .
The Andaman masked owl ( Tyto deroepstorffi ) is a barn owl endemic to the southern Andaman Islands .
Platyla is a genus of very small land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Aciculidae .
The Burmese krait ( Bungarus magnimaculatus ) , also known as the spotted krait or the splendid krait , is a species of venomous snake of the genus Bungarus that is endemic to Myanmar .
The Japanese pond turtle ( Mauremys japonica ) is a species of turtle in the family Geoemydidae endemic to Japan .
The African hobby ( Falco cuvierii ) is a small species of bird of prey in the Falconidae family .
Sanguirana is a genus of true frogs ( family Ranidae ) found in the Malay Archipelago , including the Philippines , the Maluku Islands , Sulawesi , and Seram .
Day 's grass mouse ( Akodon dayi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Caprina is a genus of rudists , a group of marine heterodont bivalves belonging to the family Caprinidae .
Sarcosperma is a genus of trees or shrubs in the Sapotaceae family .
The Nava 's wren ( Hylorchilus navai ) is a species of bird in the Troglodytidae family .
Sphex pensylvanicus is a species of digger wasp , commonly known as the great black wasp .
The La Brea poison frog ( Oophaga occultator , formerly Dendrobates occultator ) is a species of frog in the Dendrobatidae family endemic to the Cordillera Occidental in the Cauca Department of Colombia .
Hippocampus denise , also known as Denise 's pygmy seahorse or the yellow pygmy seahorse , is a seahorse of the family Syngnathidae native to the western Pacific .
Braulioceras is a smooth , orthoconic orthocerid with very close spaced septa ( around 8 over a length equal to the diameter of the shell ) added to the Sactorthoceratidae in 2007 .
Abbott 's duiker ( Cephalophus spadix ) , also known as minde in Swahili , is a large , forest - dwelling duiker ( small antelope ) found only in a few scattered enclaves in Tanzania .
Polybotrya is a genus of ferns in family Dryopteridaceae .
The California lizardfish ( Synodus luciocepsis ) is a lizardfish primarily inhabiting the Californian coast .
The Malabar woodshrike ( Tephrodornis sylvicola ) is a species of bird in the woodshrike family Tephrodornithidae .
Dendropanax is a genus of flowering plants in the family Araliaceae , consisting of 92 species of evergreen trees and shrubs .
The Guahiba gracile opossum ( Cryptonanus guahybae ) is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
Corsican red deer ( Cervus elaphus corsicanus Erxleben , 1777 ) , also known simply as Corsican or Sardinian deer , is a subspecies of the red deer ( Cervus elaphus ) , endemic to the Mediterranean islands of Sardinia , Italy and Corsica , France .
The Ecuadorian ground dove ( Columbina buckleyi ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Palaelodidae is a family of extinct birds in the group Phoenicopteriformes , which today is represented only by the flamingos .
Texas shiner ( Notropis amabilis ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Notropis .
The Small - billed tinamou ( Crypturellus parvirostris ) is a type of Tinamou commonly found in dry savanna in Amazonian South America .
Sinusonasus was in 2004 placed in the Troodontidae .
Hydrobioides is a genus of a freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae .
Karschiellidae is a family of earwigs in the suborder Forficulina .
Ruschi 's rat ( erroneously Rushi 's rat ) , Abrawayaomys ruschii , is a rodent species found in Argentina and Brazil .
Petrotyx is a genus of reef - dwelling cusk - eels .
Rhoptropus is a genus of geckos endemic to Southern Africa , better known as Namib day geckos .
Bowfin ( Amia calva ) are basal bony fishes related to gars in the infraclass Holostei .
Sumichrast 's vesper rat ( Nyctomys sumichrasti ) is a rodent of the family Cricetidae found from southern Mexico to Panama .
The Myodocopida is one of the two orders within the Myodocopa , in turn a subclass of the Ostracoda .
Conostichoceras is an exogastric , breviconic oncocerid included in the family Nothoceratidae , known from the Middle Devonian of central Europe and Upper Devonian of Australia .
Swine brucellosis is a zoonosis affecting pigs , caused by the bacterium Brucella suis .
Amji 's salamander ( Hynobius amjiensis ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
Sawadaea is a genus of fungi in the family Erysiphaceae ( powdery mildews ) .
Cerauropeltis is a trilobite in the order Phacopida that existed during the upper Ordovician of what is now New York , U.S.A. It was described by Pribyl and Vanek in 1985 , and the type species is Cerauropeltis ruedemanni , which was originally described under the genus Ceraurus by Raymond in 1916 .
Lethops connectens , the Halfblind goby , is a species of marine goby native to the eastern Pacific Ocean from central California , USA to Baja California , Mexico where they inhabit kelp forests .
The Bactrian deer ( Cervus elaphus bactrianus ) , also called the Bukhara deer , Bokhara deer or Bactrian wapiti , is a lowland subspecies of Red Deer that is native to central Asia .
Conradia is a genus of very small sea snails or micromolluscs , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Crosseolidae .
Van Zyl 's golden mole ( Cryptochloris zyli ) is a golden mole endemic to the Western Cape Province , South Africa .
The Great Basin spadefoot ( Spea intermontana ) is a species of toad in the Scaphiopodidae family .
Chrysopa is a genus of green lacewings in the neuropteran family Chrysopidae .
The Gorgan salamander ( Paradactylodon gorganensis ) is a species of salamanders in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to a single location in Iran , the caves near the Shir - Abad Waterfall .
Flectonotus is a genus of frogs of the family Hemiphractidae .
The Barrier skink , Oligosoma judgei , is a species of medium - sized skink endemic to New Zealand where it lives in the alpine habitat of the Darran and Takitimu mountains of Fiordland .
Mesocharis is a genus of moths belonging to the Tortricidae family .
Lygistopteroides longipennis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Lygistopteroides .
Azucarella weyrauchi is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Durango chipmunk ( Neotamias durangae ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Caucasian mole ( Talpa caucasica ) is a mammal in the family Talpidae that is endemic to the Caucasus and Talysh Mountains of Armenia , Georgia , Russia , Turkey and Iran .
Thorybes is a genus of skippers in the family Hesperiidae subfamily Eudaminae .
Indophanus dakshinus is a species of beetle in the family Silvanidae , the only species in the genus Indophanus .
The Orange River white - eye ( Zosterops pallidus ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
The Carpentarian rock rat ( Zyzomys palatalis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Leptoreodon is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Protoceratidae , endemic to North America from the Eocene epoch ( Uintan to Duchesnean stage ) 40.2 - -33.9 Ma , existing for approximately 6.3 million years .
Kladisoceras is an Early Devonian fossil cephalopod included in the nautiloid order Discosorida .
The Congo martin or Congo sand martin ( Riparia congica ) is a small passerine bird in the swallow family .
Baudin 's black cockatoo ( Calyptorhynchus baudinii ) , also known as Baudin 's cockatoo or long - billed black cockatoo , is a large black cockatoo found in Australia .
Armina is a genus of sea slugs , specifically nudibranchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Arminidae .
Foulonia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida , that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now France .
Eccoptochiloides is a trilobite in the order Phacopida , that existed during the upper Ordovician in what is now the Czech Republic .
Inchoatia is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Clausiliidae , the door snails .
The Vogelkop bowerbird ( Amblyornis inornata ) , also known as the Vogelkop gardener bowerbird , is a medium - sized , bowerbird of the mountains of the Vogelkop Peninsula at Western New Guinea , Indonesia .
Hemitheconyx caudicinctus is a Eublepharid gecko ( family Eublepharidae see also Coleonyx variegatus , the Western Banded Gecko ) .
In taxonomy , Picrophilus is an archaean genus of the family Picrophilaceae .
The Yakati rainbowfish ( Melanotaenia angfa ) is a species of fish in the Melanotaeniidae family .
Narceus is a genus of large cylindrical millipedes of the family Spirobolidae native to eastern North America .
The family to which Austrotrachyceras belongs , the Trachyceratidae , has more or less involute , highly ornamented shells and ceratitic to ammonitic sutures .
The Panay monitor ( Varanus mabitang ) is an endangered monitor lizard native to Panay Island in the Philippines .
Chlamydogobius gloveri , the Dalhousie goby , is a species of goby endemic to Australia where it lives in the Dalhousie Springs .
Elachistites is an extinct genus of moth in the Elachistidae family .
Pyxidanthera is a genus of flowering plant in the family Diapensiaceae The most widespread species ( P. barbulata ) is known by the common name flowering pixie - moss .
Berosini is a tribe of Hydrophilidae and contains 364 species in 5 genera .
The Chaoyangopteridae are a family of pterosaurs within the Azhdarchoidea .
Neoscaphus simplex is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Neoscaphus .
Lauridromia is a genus of crabs in the family Dromiidae .
In taxonomy , Geogemma is a genus of the family Pyrodictiaceae .
The Chinese white shrimp , oriental shrimp , or fleshy prawn ( Fenneropenaeus chinensis ) is a species of shrimp .
The Cape short - eared gerbil , Desmodillus auricularis , is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The Laotian rock rat or kha - nyou ( Laonastes aenigmamus ) , sometimes called the `` rat - squirrel '' , is a rodent species of the Khammouan region of Laos .
Some cladistic analyses have found Lufengosaurus as a member of the Massospondylidae .
Thracides is a Neotropical genus of Grass Skippers in the Hesperiidae family .
The La Plata dolphin or Franciscana ( Pontoporia blainvillei ) is found in coastal Atlantic waters of southeastern South America .
Macrocephalochelys is an extinct genus of turtles belonging in the family Chelydridae .
Paleosuchus is a South American genus of reptile in the family Alligatoridae .
The Coleophoridae are a family of small moths , belonging to the huge superfamily Gelechioidea .
Hemicycla is a genus of medium - sized air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropods in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
Dasychira is a genus of tussock moths in the Erebidae family .
Darlingtonea kentuckensis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Darlingtonea .
Acroloxus is a genus of very small , air - breathing , freshwater snails , or more precisely limpets , aquatic pulmonate gastropods in the family Acroloxidae .
The Buettikofer 's shrew ( Crocidura buettikoferi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Emilia 's gracile opossum ( Gracilinanus emiliae ) is an opossum species from South America .
Olpidium is one of five fungal plant pathogen genera in the family Olpidiaceae .
Little - eared tree rat ( Pithecheirops otion ) is a species of rodent in family Muridae .
Tastavinsaurus is a genus of sauropod dinosaur belonging to the Titanosauriformes .
The Miombo double - collared sunbird ( Cinnyris manoensis ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Bates 's shrew ( Crocidura batesi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Vesiculovirus is a genus of negative - sense ssRNA viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae , within the order Mononegavirales .
Turrilitoidea is a diverse superfamily of Cretaceous ammonites generally considered as heteromorphic and commonly included in the suborder Ancyloceratina .
Ochodaeidae beetles belong to the infraorder Scarabaeiformia , which contains only one superfamily , the Scarabaeoidea .
The Togo paradise whydah ( Vidua togoensis ) is a species of bird in the Viduidae family .
Ogygites is an Ordovician genus of the trilobite family Asaphidae , with the type species Ogygites desmaresti .
Helcogramma solorensis , known commonly as the Solor triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma .
The Anjouan brush warbler ( Nesillas longicaudata ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
Osphronemus is a genus of gouramis , the only genus within the subfamily Osphroneminae .
The Bonin flying fox , Bonin fruit bat ( Pteropus pselaphon ) , or in Japanese Ogasawara giant bat ( オガサワラオオコウモリ Ogasawara ōkōmori ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
The Tibetan blackbird ( Turdus maximus ) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae .
The Szechuan vole ( Volemys millicens ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Callidagonum pallidum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Callidagonum .
Terebellomorpha is a suborder within the polychaete order Terebellida .
The Rodrigues night heron ( Nycticorax megacephalus ) is an extinct species of heron formerly occurring on the Mascarene island of Rodrigues .
Hygrocybe is a genus of agarics ( gilled fungi ) in the family Hygrophoraceae .
The New Caledonian gallinule ( Porphyrio kukwiedei ) was a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
The Namaqua chameleon ( Chamaeleo namaquensis ) is a ground - living lizard found in the western desert regions of Namibia , South Africa and southern Angola .
Palmer 's chipmunk ( Neotamias palmeri ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Mycocaliciales are an order of ascomycetous fungi within the subclass Mycocaliciomycetidae and within the class Eurotiomycetes ( subphylum Pezizomycotina ) .
Yinoceras is a genus of middle Permian goniatitid ammonite , the type genus for the subfamily Yinoceratinae of the family Pseudohaloritidae .
Due to the poor preservation of the holotype , the phylogenetic position of Ruhuhuaria within Owenettidae is uncertain .
Tymoviridae is a family of single - stranded positive sense RNA viruses in the order Tymovirales .
Andrew 's hill rat ( Bunomys andrewsi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Neoptychites belongs to the ammonite family Vascoceratidae and is included in the subfamily Vasoceratinae .
Sinornithoides was in 1994 assigned to the Troodontidae .
Liobagrus is a genus of catfishes of the family Amblycipitidae .
Horst 's tree frog ( Litoria amboinensis ) is a species of frog in the family Hylidae .
Thaanumella is a genus of minute salt marsh snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Assimineidae .
Spinicalliotropis is a monospecific genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Calliotropidae ,
The Alpine long - eared bat or mountain long - eared bat ( Plecotus macrobullaris ) is a species of lump - nosed bat .
Merychippus is an extinct proto - horse of the family Equidae that was endemic to North America during the Miocene from 20.43 - -10.3 Ma living for approximately 10.13 million years .
The Madagascan nightjar ( Caprimulgus madagascariensis ) is a species of nightjar in the Caprimulgidae family .
Pyrgina is a genus of small , tropical , air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Subulinidae , the `` awl snails '' .
The Sailfin weever , Trachinus collignoni , is a fish of the Trachinidae family , Perciformes order , and Actinopterygii class .
Mackinlay 's cuckoo - dove ( Macropygia mackinlayi ) , also known as the spot - breasted cuckoo - dove , is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
Matoatoa is a small genus of geckos that is endemic to Madagascar .
Diphyrama singularis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Diphyrama .
Haplogona is a genus of chordeumatidan millipedes comprising the family Verhoeffiidae .
Bleninae is a subfamily of the moth family Nolidae consisting of only one genus , Blenina .
Dryopteridoideae is one of the two subfamilies of the Dryopteridaceae family of ferns .
Myrothamnus is recognized as the only genus in the family Myrothamnaceae .
Inarticulata was historically defined as one of the two classes of the phylum Brachiopoda and referred to those having no hinge .
Proteinania was a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family , it is now considered to be a synonym of Hypotrix .
Erismatica is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species , Erismatica erythropis , which is known from Zimbabwe .
The Cyprus whip snake or Zypern - schlanknatter ( Hierophis cypriensis ) is a species of snake in the Colubridae family .
Masdevallia , abbreviated Masd in horticultural trade , is a large genus of flowering plants of the Pleurothallidinae , a subtribe of the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) .
Beddome 's day gecko , Cnemaspis beddomei , is a species of gecko found in the Western Ghats .
Ascomycota is a division or phylum of the kingdom Fungi that , together with the Basidiomycota , form the subkingdom Dikarya .
Pleiarthrocerini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Cerambycinae , containing the single genus Pleiarthrocerus and the single species Pleiarthrocerus opacus .
Siphonarioidea is a taxonomic superfamily of air - breathing sea snails or false limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Panpulmonata .
The Ganzu vole ( Caryomys eva ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Pseudoneuroctena is a Monotypic genus of flies from the family Dryomyzidae .
Vidrioceratidae is one of three families of the Cyclolobaceae Superfamily .
Cobitis is a palearctic genus of ray - finned fish in the family Cobitidae .
The Marico sunbird or Mariqua sunbird ( Cinnyris mariquensis ) is a species of bird in the Nectariniidae family .
The Larche ringlet ( Erebia scipio ) is a member of the Satyrinae subfamily of Nymphalidae .
The Canada lynx ( Lynx canadensis ) or Canadian lynx is a North American mammal of the cat family , Felidae .
Stachyurus is the only genus in the flowering plant family Stachyuraceae , native to the Himalayas and eastern Asia .
The Bailey 's shrew ( Crocidura baileyi ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Daniellia is a genus of legume in the Fabaceae family , named after William Freeman Daniell .
The Lariang tarsier ( Tarsius lariang ) is a recently described tarsier occurring in the western part of the central core of Sulawesi .
The Ameca shiner ( Notropis amecae ) is an extinct species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Yantai stingray , Dasyatis laevigata ( often misspelled laevigatus ) , is a little - known species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae , inhabiting shallow waters in the northwestern Pacific Ocean off the coasts of China and Japan .
In 2004 Mirischia was assigned to the Compsognathidae , as closely related to Compsognathus from the Upper Jurassic of Europe and Aristosuchus from the Lower Cretaceous of England .
The New Britain bronzewing ( Henicophaps foersteri ) is a species of bird in the family Columbidae .
The Singapore caecilian , Ichthyophis singaporensis , is a species of amphibian in the Ichthyophiidae family endemic to Singapore .
Imitoceratinae is one of six subfamilies of the Prionoceratidae family , a member of the Goniatitida order .
The Solomons flying fox ( Pteropus rayneri ) is a species of flying fox in the family Pteropodidae .
The Laysan finch ( Telespiza cantans ) is a species of Hawaiian honeycreeper , that is endemic to the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands .
The Yellow - spotted brush - furred rat ( Lophuromys flavopunctatus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Podagrica is a genus of skeletonising leaf beetles belonging to the family Chrysomelidae , subfamily Galerucinae .
The West African catshark , Scyliorhinus cervigoni , is a catshark of the family Scyliorhinidae .
Alström 's warbler , or plain - tailed warbler ( Seicercus soror ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae family .
The Namaqua rain frog ( Breviceps namaquensis ) is a species of frog in the Brevicipitidae family , found in South Africa , Zimbabwe , and possibly Namibia .
The Leuconostocaceae are a family of Gram - positive bacteria , placed within the order of Lactobacillales .
The Waccamaw fatmucket , scientific name Lampsilis fullerkati , is a species of freshwater mussel , an aquatic bivalve mollusk in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
The Senegal parrot ( Poicephalus senegalus ) is a Poicephalus parrot which is a resident breeder across a wide range of west Africa .
Hexacosta is a trilobite in the order Phacopida ( family Acastidae ) , that existed during the middle Devonian in what is now Afghanistan .
Lawes 's parotia ( Parotia lawesii ) , is a medium - sized ( up to 27 cm long ) passerine of the bird - of - paradise family , Paradisaeidae .
Columbariinae , also known as pagoda shells , are a subfamily of large deepwater sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinellidae .
The Moroccan rock lizard ( Teira perspicillata ) is a species of lizard in the Lacertidae family .
Cerinthe is a poorly studied genus of vascular plants in the family Boraginaceae , known as `` honeyworts '' .
The Mikado pheasant ( Syrmaticus mikado ) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes , gallinaceous birds .
Eristalinae ( or Milesiinae ) are one of the three subfamilies of the fly family Syrphidae , or hoverflies .
Soochong virus ( SOO ) is a zoonotic negative sense single - stranded RNA virus species of the genus Hantavirus .
Chitala is a genus of fish of the Notopteridae family .
Baudonisia villosiventris is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Baudonisia .
Zenatia acinaces is a species of moderately large marine bivalve mollusc in the family Mactridae .
Aerotitan has been assigned to the Azhdarchidae .
Dichanthelium is genus of flowering plants of the grass family , Poaceae .
Phlaocyonini † is a hypocarnivorous clade or tribe of Borophaginae .
Pedalium is a genus of plant in the Pedaliaceae family comprising one species , Pedalium murex .
Tullberg 's soft - furred mouse or Tullberg 's praomys ( Praomys tullbergi ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Poassa is a genus of Opiliones from the Manaosbiidae family .
The Yaqui sucker ( Catostomus bernardini ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Catostomidae family .
In taxonomy , the Halobacteriaceae are a family of the Halobacteriales in the domain Archaea .
Solorina is a genus of 10 species of lichenized fungi in the family Peltigeraceae .
Fusus is a genus of small to large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails and tulip snails .
Ginkgoidae is a subclass of Equisetopsida in the sense used by Mark W. Chase and James L. Reveal in their 2009 article `` A phylogenetic classification of the land plants to accompany APG III . '' This subclass contains the single extant genus Ginkgo under order Ginkgoales , family Ginkgoaceae .
The Antillean euphonia ( Euphonia musica ) is a bird species in the finch family , Fringillidae ( formerly in Thraupidae ) .
The Boulenger 's caecilian , Boulengerula , is a genus of amphibian in the Caeciliidae family .
The Yap flying fox ( Pteropus yapensis ) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus found on Yap Island .
Eligmodontia belongs to the subfamily Sigmodontinae and the tribe Phyllotini .
The Dalhousie hardyhead ( Craterocephalus dalhousiensis ) is a species of fish in the Atherinidae family .
Stethacanthus has been further classified as part of the order Symmoriida , a classification that has sparked a controversy .
Thoristella is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Trochidae , the top snails or top shells .
The Atlantic bonito , Sarda sarda , is a large mackerel - like fish of the family Scombridae .
Ferrissia neozelanica , also known as Gundlachia neozelanica , is a species of minute freshwater limpet , an aquatic pulmonate gastropod mollusk , or micromollusk , in the family Planorbidae .
Balakata is a genus of trees in the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1999 .
Pratia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Campanulaceae , native to Asia , Australia and New Zealand .
Endorioceras is an extinct genus of actively mobile carnivorous cephalopod of the family Baltoceratidae that lived in what would be North America during the Ordovician from 490 - -479 mya , existing for approximately 11 million years .
Pale rasbora ( Rasbora aurotaenia ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Rasbora .
Enneapterygius namarrgon , known commonly as the Lightning man triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
Feeserpeton is a member of the clade Lanthanosuchoidea and is one of the earliest parareptiles .
The Orinoco saltator or Orinocan saltator ( Saltator orenocensis ) is a species of cardinal ( bird ) in the Cardinalidae family .
The Neotropical palm swift or fork - tailed palm swift ( Tachornis squamata ) is a resident breeding bird from Colombia , Venezuela , the Guianas and Trinidad south to northeastern Peru and Brazil .
The suborder Lari is the part of the order Charadriiformes which includes the gulls , terns , skuas and skimmers , with the waders and snipes making up the rest of the order .
Opistognathus lonchurus , the Moustache jawfish , is a species of jawfish native to the western Atlantic Ocean where it occurs in the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea .
The Central African mud turtle ( Pelusios chapini ) is a species of turtle in the Pelomedusidae family .
Osgood 's leaf - eared mouse ( Phyllotis osgoodi ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Cauchas is a genus of the fairy longhorn moth family ( Adelidae ) .
The Vietnamese pheasant , or Vietnam fireback , was formerly considered a species of gallopheasant , Lophura hatinhensis , but is now considered a variant of Edward 's pheasant .
The Mindanao lowland forest mouse ( Apomys littoralis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Streptoalloteichus is a genus of bacteria within the family Pseudonocardiaceae that contains two known species :
The California rock lizards are a genus ( Petrosaurus ) of New World lizards in the family Phrynosomatidae .
Pingalla is a genus of freshwater fish in the Terapontidae family .
Nolinoideae is a monocot subfamily of the family Asparagaceae in the APG III system of 2009 .
Adelea together with the genera Adelina and Ithania form the subfamily Ithaniinae .
Tsebona is a genus of the plant family Sapotaceae described as a genus in 1962 .
The Sailfin eel ( Paraletharchus pacificus , also known commonly as the Pacific sailfin eel in Mexico ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
Lobosculum is a genus ( or a subgenus under Polygyra ) of small air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Polygyridae .
Garra ceylonensis ( the stone sucker or Ceylon logsucker ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the cyprinid family .
The Ailao toad ( Bufo ailaoanus ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
Conosapium is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1863 .
Palaeopascichnus is a genus of Ediacaran organism comprising a series of lobes ; it is plausibly a protozoan , but probably unrelated to the classical ' Ediacaran biota ' .
Andaliman ( Zanthoxylum acanthopodium ) is a species of flowering plant in the citrus family , Rutaceae .
Macroscelesaurus is now classified in the therocephalian clade Baurioidea , although its exact position is uncertain .
The Javanese flying squirrel ( Iomys horsfieldii ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Gbanga Forest tree frog , Leptopelis bequaerti , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Liberia and possibly Guinea .
The Lord Howe gerygone ( Gerygone insularis ) , is known by many names .
Ceragenia bicornis is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family .
The Virginia opossum ( Didelphis virginiana ) , commonly known as the North American opossum , is the only marsupial found in North America north of Mexico .
The Sumatran flying squirrel ( Hylopetes winstoni ) is a flying squirrel only found on the island of Sumatra .
The Taiwan fulvetta ( Fulvetta formosana ) is a bird species in the family Sylviidae .
Oberländer 's ground thrush ( Geokichla oberlaenderi ) , also known as the forest ground - thrush , is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
Lepidostromatales is an order of fungi in the class Agaricomycetes .
The Prussian carp , silver Prussian carp or Gibel carp ( Carassius gibelio , sometimes Carassius gibelio gibelio and , before 2003 , Carassius auratus gibelio ) , is a member of the family Cyprinidae , which includes many other fish , such as the common carp , and the smaller minnows .
The Jampea Island pipe snake , Cylindrophis isolepis , is a species of snake in the Cylindrophiidae family endemic to Tanah Jampea , Indonesia .
The Congo gerbil or Congo tateril , Taterillus congicus , is a species of gerbil found in Cameroon , Central African Republic , Chad , Democratic Republic of the Congo , Sudan , and possibly Uganda .
The Marail guan ( Penelope marail ) is a species of bird in the Cracidae family .
Pachycereeae is a tribe of 15 genera of columnar cacti in the subfamily Cactoideae .
The Amazonian sac - winged bat ( Saccopteryx gymnura ) is a bat species of the family Emballonuridae from South America .
Sykes 's warbler ( Iduna rama ) is an Old World warbler in the tree warbler family .
Distichoceras is a member of the Haploceratacean family , Oppeliidae , and type genus for the subfamily Distichoceratinae , found in upper Middle and lower Upper Jurassic sediments in Europe , Algeria , India , and Madagascar .
Pliomys is an extinct genus of forest voles , subfamily Arvicolinae , tribe Pliomyini ( Musser and Carleton , 2005 ) .
Purdiaea is a genus of flowering plants in the family Clethraceae described as a genus in 1846 .
The Bradyporinae are a subfamily of the katydid ( or bush cricket ) family Tettigoniidae , which are commonly called armoured ground crickets .
Shinploca shini is a moth in the Drepanidae family and only species in the Shinploca genus .
Godman 's long - tailed bat ( Choeroniscus godmani ) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae .
Neocoenyra is an Afrotropical butterfly genus from the subfamily Satyrinae in the family Nymphalidae .
Zoltán Kásás ( born 15 September 1946 in Alpár ) is a Hungarian former water polo player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Wang Qiu Hong competed at the 2004 Summer Paralympics where as well as being a part of the unsuccessful Chinese 4 × 100 m relay team he also competed in the long jump and won a bronze medal in the F44/46 high jump
Aage Brix ( December 9 , 1894 -- March 16 , 1963 ) was a former U.S. soccer forward who earned one cap with the U.S. national team at the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Zoltán Fodor ( born on 29 July 1985 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian Greco - Roman wrestler , who won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the 84 kg weight division .
Giuseppe D'Altrui ( born Naples April 7 , 1934 ) is an Italian water polo player who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics , in the 1960 Summer Olympics , and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Petra Wenzel ( born 20 November 1961 in Grabs , Saint Gallen , Switzerland ) is a Liechtenstein former alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and 1984 Winter Olympics .
Göran Crafoord ( born 27 March 1939 ) is a Swedish former sailor who competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics .
Sisomphone Vongpharkdy ( born 5 December 1977 ) is a Laotian runner who competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics in the 4 × 100 metres relay and the 100 m event respectively .
Aina Berg ( born 7 January 1902 -- 7 October 1992 ) was a Swedish freestyle swimmer who won bronze medals in the 4×100 m freestyle relay at the 1920 and 1924 Summer Olympics .
Bulcsú Székely ( born June 2 , 1976 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian water polo player who played on the gold medal squad at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Walter Jeandel ( 25 April 1918 -- 4 April 2012 ) was a French cross - country and Nordic combined skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Joe Hamm ( born November 1 , 1950 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a former U.S. soccer player who was a member of the U.S. soccer team at the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Igor Kanygin ( born 6 June 1956 in Vitebsk ) is a Belarusian former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Erich Hagen ( 11 December 1936 -- 26 May 1978 in Leipzig ) was a German cyclist who competed at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics .
Belem Guerrero Méndez ( born March 8 , 1974 in Mexico City ) is a retired Mexican road and track cyclist who represented Mexico at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens where she won a silver medal in the Women 's Points Race .
Božena Dobešová ( October 2 , 1914 -- November 28 , 1990 ) was a Czechoslovak / Czech gymnast who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Jarl Birger Kivelä ( 20 December 1920 -- 27 September 2013 ) was a Finnish diver who competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki , where he finished 13th in a field of 31 competitors in the men 's 10 metre platform event .
Charline Van Snick ( born 2 September 1990 in Liège ) is a Belgian judoka who won bronze in the Woman 's Judo 48 kg in the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Arthur Mannsbarth ( born 28 April 1930 ) is an Austrian former road and track cyclist who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics , and speed skater who competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics and in the 1956 Winter Olympics .
Roberto Moré ( born 11 February 1950 ) is a Cuban former pole vaulter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Nicolás Uriarte ( born 21 March 1990 ) is an Argentine volleyball player , member of the Argentina men 's national volleyball team and Polish club PGE Skra Bełchatów , was a participant of the 2012 Summer Olympics , silver medalist of 2011 and 2013 South American Championship and Polish Champion ( 2014 ) .
Donato Pavesi ( August 19 , 1888 -- June 30 , 1946 ) was an Italian track and field athlete who competed in racewalking in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Pietro Cunti ( born September 3 , 1962 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey centre who last played for SC Bern in Switzerland 's National League A. Cunti has participated as a member of the Swiss national team at the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Endre Madarász ( 8 November 1909 in Szerbittabé ( Srpski Itebej ) -- 3 May 1976 in Budapest ) was a Hungarian athlete who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Konrad Martin Fritiof Svensson ( 2 June 1896 -- 5 March 1961 ) was a Swedish wrestler who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Margaret Edwards ( born 28 March 1939 ) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne , Australia , where she won a bronze medal in the women 's 100-metre backstroke in the time of 1:13.1 .
The Jet Set is a Polish R&B duo which consists of English - born David Junior Serame ( South African ancestry ) and Russian - born Sasha Strunin The band represented Poland in the semi - final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2007 in Helsinki .
Abdallah Sidani ( born 1923 ) is a retired Lebanese wrestler who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
László Barsi ( 25 June 1904 -- 6 September 1975 ) was a Hungarian sprinter who competed in the 1928 Summer Olympics .
According to some reports , Zhang Jiewen will quit competitive badminton after the 2008 Summer Olympics , when she will marry Malaysian men 's badminton doubles star Choong Tan Fook .
Reginald Flint ( 16 July 1903 -- 1981 ) was an English competitive swimmer and breaststroker who represented Great Britain in the 1924 Summer Olympics and 1928 Summer Olympics , and England in the 1930 British Empire Games .
Tomomi Takahashi ( born 29 January 1956 ) is a Japanese former pole vaulter who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Jon Eley ( born 19 August 1984 in Solihull ) is a British short track speed skater who competed at both the 2006 Winter Olympics , the 2010 Winter Olympics and the 2014 Winter Olympics .
More commonly known as Wendy Wyland , she represented her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California , winning the bronze medal in the Women 's 10 m Platform competition .
Sonia Barrio Gutiérrez ( born December 13 , 1969 in Madrid ) is a former field hockey player from Spain , who was a member of the Women 's National Team that surprisingly won the golden medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona .
Zdenko Zorko ( born 18 August 1950 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics for Yugoslavia .
Saša Imprić ( born January 9 , 1986 in Zagreb ) is a medley swimmer from Croatia , who made his Olympic debut for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Santiago Lorenzo ( born May 4 , 1978 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired decathlete from Argentina who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Elles Voskes ( born August 3 , 1964 in Amsterdam , North Holland ) is a former freestyle swimmer from The Netherlands , who competed for her native country at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , United States .
Alida Elisabeth Christina Gerritsen - De Vries , born Ali de Vries ( 9 August 1914 -- 20 January 2007 ) was a Dutch athlete , who finished in fifth position at the 1936 Summer Olympics in the 4 x 100 m relay event alongside Kitty ter Braake , Fanny Blankers - Koen and Lies Koning .
During the 1948 Summer Olympics Bob Maas also took a Bronze medal in the Star .
Artur Michalkiewicz ( born September 11 , 1977 in Wrocław ) is a Polish Greco - Roman wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Blagoja Georgievski ( born 15 October 1950 ) is a Macedonian former basketball player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Ernst Felle ( April 26 , 1876 - -1959 ) was a German rower who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Nicola Rodigari ( born November 7 , 1981 ) is an Italian short track speed skater who competed in the 2002 , 2006 and 2010 Winter Olympics .
Raúl Córdoba Alcalá ( born 14 April 1930 ) was a Mexican football goalkeeper who played for Mexico in the 1950 FIFA World Cup .
Friedl Däuber ( 5 January 1911 -- 1 May 1997 ) was a German alpine and cross - country skier who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics .
Edson Alvarado ( born September 27 , 1975 ) is a retired Mexican footballer , who represented Mexico at the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Kurt Moeschter ( 28 March 1903 -- 26 June 1959 ) was a German rower who won a gold medal in the coxless pairs at the 1928 Summer Olympics , together with Bruno Müller .
Wang Long ( born 27 November 1985 ) is a Chinese handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Argyris Theodoropoulos ( born 13 January 1981 ) is a Greek water polo player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , in the 2008 Summer Olympics and in the 2012 Summer Olympics .
J. A. Gardiner was a sailor from the Great Britain , who represented his native country at the 1908 Summer Olympics in Hunters Quay , Great Britain .
Cornelis van Staveren ( 14 June 1889 in Leimuiden -- 10 April 1982 , Oude Wetering ) was a sailor from the Netherlands , who represented his native country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam .
Rasoul Amani ( Persian : رسول امانی‎‎ ; born 1 December 1964 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian - New Zealander wrestler who represented New Zealand in Graeco - Roman wrestling in the 63 kg class at the 2000 Summer Olympics ; see Wrestling at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Heather Moody ( born August 21 , 1973 in Rexburg , Idaho ) is an American water polo player , who won a silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
José Francisco Jovel Cruz ( born 26 May 1951 in Usulután , El Salvador ) is a retired football player from El Salvador who represented his country at the 1982 FIFA World Cup in Spain .
František Sokol ( February 5 , 1939 -- October 11 , 2011 ) is a Czech former volleyball player who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
August Schmierer ( April 28 , 1870 -- ? ) was a German rugby union player who competed in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Aleksey Frosin ( born 14 February 1978 ) is a Russian fencer who won a gold medal in the team sabre competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney together with Aleksey Dyachenko , Stanislav Pozdnyakov , and Sergey Sharikov .
Kimberley McRae ( born May 24 , 1992 in Victoria , British Columbia ) is a Canadian luger who has competed since 2011 on the Senior FIL World Cup Circuit McRae has also qualified to compete for Canada at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi , Russia .
Henry Seiling ( born May , 1872 , date of death unknown ) was an American tug of war athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Uno Öhrlund ( born 22 May 1937 ) is a retired Swedish ice hockey player who won a silver medal at the 1964 Winter Olympics .
Georg Hoffmann ( 1880 -- 1947 ) was a German freestyle , backstroke , breaststroke swimmer and diver who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics and 1906 Summer Olympics .
Zhang Yongjie ( born 11 April 1968 ) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Lena Schöneborn ( born April 11 , 1986 in Troisdorf , Germany ) is a German pentathlete , who won the gold medal in the Modern Pentathlon at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Jordan Malone ( born April 20 , 1984 ) is an American short track speed skater who was a member of the US Olympic Team for the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver .
Krešimir Čuljak ( born 18 September 1970 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian rower , who won a bronze medal in the eights competition at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney .
Costică Dafinoiu ( born February 6 , 1954 in Viziru , Brăila County ) is a retired boxer from Romania , who represented his native country at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal , Canada .
Paulus Ambunda ( born 6 August 1980 ) is a Namibian boxer who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and is a former WBO Bantamweight champion .
Sigrid Landgraf ( born 7 May 1959 in Hanau ) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Tito Collevati ( born February 4 , 1891 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian gymnast who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Édison Xavier Moreno Cruz ( born 15 November 1979 ) is an Ecuadorian racewalker who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics , 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Ingar Nielsen ( born 1886 , date of death unknown ) was a Norwegian sailor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics and in the 1924 Summer Olympics .
Vladyslav Dolohodin ( Ukrainian : Владислав Дологодін ; born February 23 , 1972 in Yuzhno - Sakhalinsk ) is a retired sprinter from Ukraine , who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics for his native country .
Lee Ka Man ( Chinese : 李嘉文 ; Jyutping : lei5 gaa1 man4 ; born 28 November 1986 ) is a rower born in British Hong Kong , who won the silver medal at the 2006 Asian Games in the lightweight sincle sculls class .
Melchor Palmeiro ( born 1923 ) represented Argentina at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
Emmanuel de Blommaert de Soye ( 15 October 1875 -- 12 April 1944 ) was a Belgian horse rider who competed in the 1912 and 1920 Summer Olympics .
Ayako Matsumura ( born 8 January 1982 ) is a Japanese synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Kateřina Elhotová ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈkatɛr̝ɪna ˈɛlɦotovaː ) ; born 14 October 1989 ) is a Czech basketball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Gheorghe Brandabura ( born 23 February 1913-date of death unknown ) was a Romanian football midfielder who played for Romania in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Kim Reynierse ( born 10 January 1961 ) is an Aruban former long - distance runner who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
John Southerden Burn ( 25 June 1884 -- 28 August 1958 ) was an English doctor and rower who competed for Great Britain in the 1908 Summer Olympics .
Jan Harting was an Indonesian football defender who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Swen Schuller ( born 9 May 1971 in Winnenden ) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Đorđe Majtan ( Serbian : Ђорђе Мајтан ; born January 1 , 1939 in Novi Sad ) is a retired Serbian high jumper who represented SFR Yugoslavia at the 1960 Summer Olympics and won 26th place .
Lasse Virén ended his career after the 1980 Summer Olympics , where he placed fifth in the 10,000 metres .
Fletcher Abram , Jr. ( born December 12 , 1950 ) is an American former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Blood - Red States is a hardcore anarcho album by the Philadelphia band Witch Hunt .
Kentucky Bluebird is a compilation album by American country music singer Keith Whitley .
Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast is American musician Kid Rock 's first album , released by Jive Records in 1990 .
Chansons pour les pieds was a 2001 album by Jean - Jacques Goldman sung in French .
Listen Through the Static is the fifth album by the Des Moines , IA band The Nadas .
Raj na nebu , pakao na Zemlji ( Paradise in Heaven , Hell on Earth ) is the third studio album by the Serbian alternative rock band Supernaut , released by Beograund in 2000 .
`` Music in Me '' is a song by American singer Paula Cole , from her fifth studio album , Ithaca .
`` Introduction 2003 '' is a promotional single by Mike Oldfield from Tubular Bells 2003 album , released in Spain on 24 April 2003 .
Love Opus is the ninth and final studio album by Heavy D. It was released on September 27 , 2011 on Stride Entertainment , almost two months before Heavy D 's death .
`` Angel St '' ( pronounced Angel Street ) is the thirteenth single by British band M People , released on 16 March 1998 .
Sweet Dreams , Sucker is an album released in 2007 by the power pop band Treaty of Paris .
Blues ... ? is an album by American jazz group the String Trio of New York recorded in 1993 for the Italian Black Saint label .
The Belle Album is a studio album by soul musician Al Green .
`` Season 's Call '' is the Japanese singer , Hyde 's seventh single and second single from his album Faith .
The Fashion Focus was the fourth full - length album released by Starflyer 59 .
`` Me Love '' is the second single by Sean Kingston from his debut album Sean Kingston .
`` She 's Got All the Friends That Money Can Buy '' is the only single from Chumbawamba 's album WYSIWYG .
Into Glory Ride is Manowar 's second studio album and the first to feature drummer Scott Columbus .
Nueva Ilussion ( Eng . : New Illusion ) is the first studio album released by Mexican band Majestad de la Sierra .
You Got ta Believe is the second and final album by American hip hop group , Marky Mark and the Funky Bunch ( Mark would go on to make two albums with reggae artist Prince Ital Joe without the Funky Bunch before later going on to become an actor ) .
Came a Long Way is the tenth full - length album released by Haystak on July 21 , 2009 .
If They Knew is the debut album by Australian singer and DJ Kaz James .
`` See That My Grave Is Kept Clean '' is a blues song recorded by Blind Lemon Jefferson in 1927 that became `` one of his most famous compositions '' .
A cover version of `` Crying Time '' was then recorded by R&B singer Ray Charles , and his version proved to be a hit .
`` Destroy Everything You Touch '' is the second single from the album Witching Hour by electronic music band Ladytron .
Miłość , muzyka , mordobicie ( Polish Love , music , brawl ) is the third studio album of Polish punk rock band Big Cyc , released in 1992 .
Return to the Centre of the Earth is a 1999 concept album by Rick Wakeman .
`` Secret of My Heart '' is Mai Kuraki 's 3rd single , released on April 26 , 2000 .
Solstice of Oppression is the first studio release by technical death metal band Oppressor .
Ten of Songs is a folk album released in 1988 by Robin Williamson .
The Closing Chronicles ( subtitled : The Breathing Shadow II ) is the second studio album by the Swedish progressive / AOR metal / rock band Nightingale , released by Black Mark Production in 1996 .
`` Megarama ' 89 '' is a megamix of songs by English girl group Bananarama .
Gottle O'Geer ( credited to `` Fairport '' and to `` Fairport Featuring Dave Swarbrick '' in the US ) is the eleventh studio album by English folk rock band Fairport Convention .
Friends of Hell is the second studio album by the British doom metal band Witchfinder General .
Down Upbeat is 12th album by Casiopea , recorded and released in 1984 .
Still Feel Gone is the second album by American alternative country pioneers Uncle Tupelo .
`` So Macho '' is a pop song by American - British singer Sinitta .
Kl . 10 is a song by Danish singer Medina from her third studio album For altid .
Sauf si l'amour ... is a 2005 French language album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine .
Llenandose de gusanos is the second full - length studio album by Japanese doom metal band Corrupted .
Both Worlds * 69 is the second solo album by Gangsta Boo .
`` The Vulture ( Acts I & II ) '' is a song by the British hardcore punk band Gallows , released as the first single from their second album , Grey Britain .
Some Kinda Fun is the third studio album by Teenage Head , released in 1982 .
Habeat ( Arabic : حبيت‎ , English : I Fell in Love ) is a 2009 album by Sherine .
`` We 'll Be Coming Back '' is a song by Scottish record producer Calvin Harris , featuring English singer Example .
Cosa Nuestra is an album by Willie Colón featuring Héctor Lavoe .
`` Little Talks '' is the debut single by Icelandic indie folk / indie pop rock band Of Monsters and Men .
`` Body 2 Body '' is the third official single from rapper Ace Hood from his third album Blood , Sweat & Tears .
Wild as the Wind is the fourth studio album by Canadian country music singer - songwriter Patricia Conroy .
Six String Prayers is the first collaboration between Bob Bennett and John Standefer .
Be Used To ( Chinese : 習慣 ) is Taiwanese Mandopop artist Genie Chuo 's ( Chinese : 卓文萱 ) second Mandarin studio album .
Attitude Adjuster is the twelfth studio album by rapper Pastor Troy , released on February 19 , 2008 .
Twilight Dementia is the first live album by English power metal band DragonForce , released in Japan on 8 September 2010 , the United Kingdom on 13 September and in the United States on September 14 .
`` Big Bad Mamma '' is a single by American rapper Foxy Brown and American R&B group Dru Hill from the soundtrack to the 1997 film , How to Be a Player .
Straight Out of Hell is the fourteenth studio album by German power metal band Helloween .
Ma Kelly 's Greasy Spoon is the third album by English rock band Status Quo .
Scarsick is the sixth studio album by Swedish progressive metal band Pain of Salvation , released on January 22 , 2007 .
`` Thanks to You '' is a 1982 dance single by Sinnamon , an East Coast - based female vocal trio .
`` Seasons in the Sun '' is an English - language adaptation of the song `` Le Moribond '' by Belgian singer - songwriter Jacques Brel with lyrics by American singer - poet Rod McKuen .
Liberal Animation is the debut album by the American punk rock band NOFX .
GRRR ! is a greatest hits album by The Rolling Stones .
`` Something in Your Mouth '' is the second single and 1st promotional single released from Canadian rock band Nickelback 's sixth studio album Dark Horse .
`` Put the Needle on It '' is a song performed by Australian singer Dannii Minogue , which was written by Minogue , Mathias Johansson , Henrik Korpi and Karen Poole for Minogue 's fourth album Neon Nights ( 2003 ) .
MaMaSé ! is the tenth studio album by the Belgian - Dutch girlgroup K3 .
`` Matthew and Son '' is a single written , composed , and performed by Cat Stevens .
`` Miss P. '' ( an abbreviation to `` Miss Pimp '' ) is a song by Cherish , released as their debut single soon after they made their musical debut alongside Da Brat in her single , `` In Luv Wit Chu '' .
Mo'hogany is the second album by R&B singer Monifah .
`` Gertcha '' is a song from Chas & Dave 's 1979 album Do n't Give a Monkey 's , which was released as a single in May 1979 and entered the UK Singles Chart at # 67 .
Bone Palace Ballet is the second album by American post - hardcore band Chiodos , released on September 4 , 2007 .
Carbon Stereoxide is the Eraserheads ' seventh and final studio album .
`` A Little More Country Than That '' is a debut song written by Joey + Rory 's Rory Lee Feek , Wynn Varble and Don Poythress , and recorded by American country music artist Easton Corbin .
Vesper Belle released August 2011 is the debut album by Shreveport Water Pop band Super Water Sympathy
`` My Immortal '' is a song by American rock band Evanescence from their debut studio album Fallen ( 2003 ) .
`` Pictures of Matchstick Men '' is the first hit single by Status Quo , released in November 1967 .
Ai ga Yobu Hō e ( 愛が呼ぶほうへ ) ( English : Toward love calls ) is the thirteenth single by the Japanese Pop - rock band Porno Graffitti .
`` Love You Only '' is the debut single by the Japanese band Tokio and was released on September 21 , 1994 .
Rarities 1979 - 1981 was the digital release by the Southern Californian punk rock band Cardiac Kidz of the vinyl LP released by Rave - Up records in 2009 .
`` Crazy Arms '' is an American country song recorded by Ray Price .
`` I Wo n't Change You '' is a pop song written by Sophie Ellis - Bextor , Gregg Alexander and Matt Rowe for Ellis - Bextor 's second album Shoot from the Hip .
`` Diamond Smiles '' was the second single from The Boomtown Rats ' album The Fine Art of Surfacing .
The North Sea Scrolls is a collaborative project from Luke Haines , Cathal Coughlan , and Andrew Mueller which was performed live in 2011 , with an album following in 2012 .
Spiritual Minded is rapper KRS - One 's fifth official album .
Into the Mirror Black is the second album by the band Sanctuary , released in 1989 in Europe and on February 27 , 1990 in North America .
Close as You Get is a 2007 album by Northern Irish blues guitarist and singer Gary Moore .
`` Do n't Hide Your Love '' is a song released by American singer - actress Cher as the second single released from the album Foxy Lady .
Street Poetry is the Finnish rock band Hanoi Rocks ' seventh studio album .
The Professional 2 is the second studio album released and produced by DJ Clue ? .
An Accidental Memory in the Case of Death is the second album from Portland , Oregon ambient musician Matthew Cooper , under the name Eluvium .
Joe 's Garage is a 1979 rock opera by Frank Zappa .
`` Answering Bell '' is a song by alt - country singer - songwriter Ryan Adams from his 2001 album Gold .
F - Punk is a studio album by Mick Jones ' post - Clash band Big Audio Dynamite .
`` I 've Got ta Get a Message to You '' is a rock ballad by the Bee Gees .
`` Nazad u veliki prljavi grad '' ( trans . `` Back to the Big Dirty City '' ) is a single from influential Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Riblja Čorba .
Change Everything is the third studio album by Del Amitri , released on 9 June 1992 .
Iparhi Logos ( Greek : Υπάρχει Λόγος , English : There is a reason ) is Greek singer Elena Paparizou 's second studio album , released on 12 April 2006 .
`` True Blue Love '' is a single by Lou Gramm , from his second solo album Long Hard Look , released in 1989 ( See 1989 in music ) .
Modern Rocking is a solo album by Polish singer Agnieszka Chylińska .
`` Working My Way Back to You '' is a song made popular by The Four Seasons in 1966 and The Spinners in 1979 .
Coloring Stephy is an album by Stephy Tang , and it was released on August 5 , 2005 .
Más Grande Que Tú is the debut album by Puerto Rican reggaeton artist Miguelito .
Yine Sensiz is the 1992 album of the Turkish pop singer Tarkan Tevetoğlu .
Earth Run is a 1986 album by American Guitarist Lee Ritenour released in 1986 on the GRP label .
When I Was Born for the 7th Time is the third studio album by the British indie rock band Cornershop , released on September 8 , 1997 by Wiiija .
Pieces of the People We Love is the second full - length album by dance - punk band The Rapture .
Virgem ( in English : `` Virgin '' ) is an album by the Brazilian singer Marina Lima , released in 1987 .
The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache ( full title The Magnificent Adventures of Heartache ( And Other Frightening Tales ... ) ) is the fourth studio album by American singer - songwriter and musician Jason Reeves .
On the Night is the second live album by the British rock band Dire Straits , released on 10 May 1993 by Vertigo Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
Dances and Ballads was the eighth album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet , released in 1988 and featuring performances by Hamiet Bluiett , Julius Hemphill , Oliver Lake and David Murray .
`` Meet Her at the Love Parade '' is a song recorded by the German artist Da Hool .
Spazchow is the second album of novelty rock group Barnes & Barnes .
`` My 16th Apology '' is a song by UK pop act Shakespears Sister , released in early 1993 as the fifth and final single from their studio album Hormonally Yours .
Your Soft Eyes is an album by American jazz pianist Kenny Drew recorded in 1981 and released on the Soul Note label .
`` You Shook Me '' is a 1962 blues song recorded by Chicago blues artist Muddy Waters .
In My Element is an album by jazz pianist and composer Robert Glasper , released on the Blue Note label .
`` Betty 's Bein ' Bad '' is a song written by Marshall Chapman and recorded by the American country music group Sawyer Brown .
Pequeño is the second album of the solo artist Enrique Bunbury made in 1999 .
`` Oh How She Changed '' is a song by English band Strawbs written by Dave Cousins and Tony Hooper .
`` Lights of Cincinnati '' is a song written by the English songwriters Tony Macaulay and Geoff Stephens which was first a song for the American singer - songwriter Scott Walker in 1969 .
Well - Deserved Obscurity is the third studio album by the American country music duo The Warren Brothers .
`` I Got Stung '' is an upbeat , bouncy rock and roll song written by Aaron Schroeder and David Hill and performed by Elvis Presley , which was recorded and released in 1958 .
Bayreuth 1 is the eighth studio album by Joachim Witt that was released May 4 , 1998 .
Smyrneika Ke Laika ( Greek : Σμυρναίικα και λαϊκά ) is the name of a studio album by popular Greek singer Tolis Voskopoulos .
`` Only the World '' is the debut single from American Idol finalist , Mandisa , from her True Beauty album .
One Entrance , Many Exits is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron recorded in 1982 and released by the Palo Alto label .
She Who Weeps is the fifth studio album by American jazz singer Cassandra Wilson .
`` Hear the Drummer ( Get Wicked ) '' is a song by English DJ Chad Jackson , released in 1990 .
The All Seeing Eye is the ninth jazz album by saxophonist Wayne Shorter , recorded on October 15 , 1965 , and released on the Blue Note label in 1966 as BLP 4219 and BST 84219 .
`` We Just Wanna Party with You '' is the European single from producer Jermaine Dupri and rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg that can be heard on the Men in Black soundtrack compilation album released in 1997 .
Diary of an Afro Warrior is the second album by dubstep producer Benga .
Ivory Forest is a recording by a quartet led by pianist Hal Galper .
`` I Need You for Christmas '' is a promotional song recorded by Romanian dance / pop vocalist Inna from her Christmas compilation album I Need You For Christmas ( 2009 ) .
`` Get It Shawty '' is a song by American R&B artist Lloyd .
Possibilities is the forty - fifth studio album by American jazz musician Herbie Hancock , released in the United States on August 30 , 2005 by Vector Recordings .
Sacred Space Music is the third album of new - age composer Constance Demby .
D.I.R.T. ( Da Incredible Rap Team ) is the third and final studio album by hip hop duo Heltah Skeltah , consisting of Rock and Sean Price ( formerly known as Ruck ) .
`` Black Fender '' is an English language single by Swedish singer Hans Edler done as a tribute to Ricky Nelson .
`` Why Ca n't It Wait ' Til Morning '' is a song by Phil Collins from his second solo album Hello , I Must Be Going!.
`` Somewhere Only We Know '' is a song performed and composed by English alternative rock band Keane , officially released as their third commercial single , and appearing as the opening track of their debut studio album , Hopes and Fears ( 2004 ) as the first single .
Hardt Regn ( Hard Rain ) is the third studio album by Norwegian hard rock group Skambankt .
Songs in A&E is the sixth studio album by English rock band Spiritualized and is their first since 2003 's Amazing Grace .
`` Grindin ' '' is the first single from the Virginia Beach rap duo Clipse .
`` Giving You Up '' is a song by Australian recording artist Kylie Minogue from her greatest album Ultimate Kylie ( 2004 ) .
`` Sad Tango '' marks Rain 's ( or ピ in Japanese ) debut single throughout Japan .
`` Bad for Me '' is a debut single by the American pop duo Megan and Liz , released on July 31 , 2012 .
`` Electron Blue '' is a song by American alternative rock band R.E.M. It was released as the third single from their thirteenth studio album Around the Sun on February 28 , 2005 .
Yes and Also Yes is Mike Doughty 's fourth proper studio album .
`` Surfer 's Hymn '' is the final single from Panda Bear 's fourth solo album , Tomboy .
I Woke Up is the twenty - sixth album by Jandek and his only release of 1997 .
`` Ai Giri Giri '' ( 愛・GIRI GIRI , lit . `` Love Giri Giri '' ) is Pink Lady 's 17th single , and their first single not to reach the top 40 .
`` If You Want Me to Stay '' is a 1973 hit single by Sly and the Family Stone , from their album Fresh .
`` Feel the Beat '' is a 2000 song by Finnish DJ Darude .
Roots of the Balkan is the 15th album by Ensemble Renaissance , released in 2002 on the Classic Produktion Osnabrück label in Germany and Serbia .
`` Party Train '' is a 1983 song by The Gap Band , released on their seventh album , Gap Band V :
`` Rock'n Roll Band '' is a song by Swedish pop group ABBA ( then credited as `` Björn & Benny with Anna & Frida '' ) from the album Ring Ring .
Come Morning We Fight is the second studio album by English alternative rock band Brigade , released on 12 May 2008 on Caned & Able Records .
Jesse Boykins III 's The Beauty Created LP is an opus of new classics that inspire the excitement of infatuation , the wistfulness of summer romance and the nostalgia of a Spike Lee joint .
Hyvästi , Dolores Haze , released in 2010 , is Johanna Kurkela 's fourth studio album .
`` Brand Suid - Afrika '' , which can directly be translated to `` Burn South Africa , '' is a 4-track EP by South African punk rock band Fokofpolisiekar .
`` Will It Go Round in Circles '' is a song written by Bruce Fisher and Billy Preston , and recorded by Preston for his 1972 album Music Is My Life .
Ital Dub is an album by Augustus Pablo originally released in 1974 and sees Tommy Cowan and Warwick Lyn replacing Clive Chin on production duties .
Dulce y salado ( English Sweet and salty ) is the 18th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
Jazz ' Round the World is an album by American jazz multi - instrumentalist Yusef Lateef featuring performances recorded in 1963 for the Impulse ! label .
Hell of a Collection ( stylized Hellofacollection , as one word ) is the first compilation album by the Finnish band The Rasmus , released in 2001 by Warner Music Finland .
Methods of Execution is the third and latest full - length album by Brodequin .
Primal Rock Therapy was the only studio album by Seattle grunge band Blood Circus .
Hamilton Ironworks is John Hartford 's last album , recorded before his death in 2001 .
Satyajit Eye is a digital audio tape - only ( DAT ) studio album by Muslimgauze .
Bitch Betta Have My Money is the debut album by American rapper AMG , released in 1991 .
Flush the Fashion is the twelfth studio album by Alice Cooper , released in 1980 , and produced by Roy Thomas Baker .
O Canto da Cidade ( Portuguese for The chant of the town ) is the second album by Brazilian axé / MPB singer Daniela Mercury , released in 1992 in Brazil and on March 23 , 1993 in North America and Europe through Sony Music .
Krankhaus ( comes from `` Krankenhaus '' which is German for Hospital ) is the debut studio album by Australian electro - industrial band Angelspit .
Swing Out Sister 's sixth album , Filth and Dreams , was released in Japan in March 1999 , and it remains the only album not released in any other country .
`` The Little Black Egg '' is a song first performed by Daytona Beach , Florida garage band The Nightcrawlers in 1965 .
Bir Dilek Tut Benim İçin ( English : Make a Wish for Me ) is İzel 's sixth studio album .
Tiefer ( German for deeper ) is the third and final studio album by the pop rock band Lucilectric .
Memphis Two - Step is a 1971 album by jazz flutist Herbie Mann .
`` Born in ' 69 '' is a song by the American alternative rock band Rocket from the Crypt , released as the first single from their 1995 album Scream , Dracula , Scream !
Fuck the Kids is a 7 `` EP by NOFX .
Enkeleitä onko heitä is the fourth solo studio album by a Finnish singer - songwriter Aki Sirkesalo .
A Southern Revelation is the seventh studio album by the Los Angeles - based metal band My Ruin , released as a free download from their bandcamp page .
Calling Down the Sky ( 2004 ) is an album by the American ambient musician Robert Rich .
In a Romantic Mood is a 1955 album by Oscar Peterson , accompanied by an orchestra arranged by Russ Garcia .
Fore ! is the fourth studio album by American rock band Huey Lewis and the News , released in 1986 ( see 1986 in music ) .
Meredead is the fourth studio album by the German / Norwegian symphonic metal band Leaves ' Eyes .
How You Sell Soul to a Soulless People Who Sold Their Soul ? ? ? is the tenth studio album by American hip hop group Public Enemy , released August 7 , 2007 on Slam Jamz Recordings in the United States .
Rage of Reason is a single by the Polish symphonic black metal band Vesania from their 2007 album Distractive Killusions .
Fruity Killer Tune is the third album from the J - pop group Melon Kinenbi .
`` Toxic Girl '' is a single by the Norwegian indie rock duo Kings of Convenience .
`` I Keep Forgettin ' ( Every Time You 're Near ) '' ( also known as `` I Keep Forgettin ' '' ) is a song by American singer - songwriter Michael McDonald , from his debut album If That 's What It Takes .
Carla 's Christmas Carols is an album of Christmas carols arranged by American composer , bandleader and keyboardist Carla Bley with bassist Steve Swallow and the Partyka Brass Quintet recorded in France in 2008 and released on the Watt / ECM label in 2009 .
Into the Morning is the third full - length studio album released by Ben Rector on his own label :
Truckin ' Up to Buffalo is a double CD soundtrack to the DVD video of the same name by the Grateful Dead .
The Fun Makers is the debut album by the Israeli rock band , Izabo , released in December 9 , 2003 .
Passion Guitars is a studio album by Bucky Pizzarelli and John Pizzarelli containing swing and Latin jazz standards .
This One 's for Blanton ! is a studio album by American pianist , composer and bandleader Duke Ellington duetting with Ray Brown recorded in December 1972 and released on the Pablo label .
Polka Party ! is the fourth studio album by `` Weird Al '' Yankovic , released in 1986 .
`` Like Humans Do '' is the fourth track from David Byrne 's 2001 album Look into the Eyeball and was also released as a single that year .
`` Shake Your Head '' is a song by the band Was ( Not Was ) .
Mellow Gold is the official debut studio album and third album overall by American alternative rock musician Beck , and also his major label debut .
`` Say Something Anyway '' was the Irish girl group Bellefire 's first single release of their comeback as a 3-piece , after being signed by WEA .
Vrienden ( English : `` Friends '' ) is a studio album by Dutch artist Jan Smit .
`` Slateman '' is a song by industrial metal band Godflesh .
`` Tanzverbot ( Schill to Hell ) '' ( Dance ban ) is a song by the German hip - hop group Fettes Brot and rock musician Bela B ..
Whisper Not is a 1967 studio album by the American jazz singer Ella Fitzgerald , with the Marty Paich Orchestra .
Ono što te ne ubije , to te osakati ( The Thing That Does Not Kill You , Makes You Stultified ) is a demo album by the Serbian alternative rock band Goribor , released by the Croatian independent record label Slušaj Najglasnije ! in 2004 .
Stolen & Contaminated Songs was the first of two albums recorded and produced by the band Coil in 1992 .
`` An Old Fashioned Love Song '' is a 1971 song by the American pop - rock band Three Dog Night .
Malevolent Rapture is a 2006 album by thrash metal / death metal band Legion of the Damned .
`` Afro - Left '' is a song by Leftfield , released as their seventh single .
Rough House Blues is an album by jazz saxophonist Lou Donaldson recorded for the Cadet label in 1964 and performed Donaldson with Dave Burns , Ernie Royal , Phil Woods , Bob Ashton , Danny Bank , Lloyd Mayers Jr. , Richard Davis , and Grady Tate , conducted and arranged by Oliver Nelson .
A New Dope is the fourth studio album by Boston underground hip hop duo 7L & Esoteric .
The Carbon Copy Silver Lining is the independent debut album of the Texas - based progressive rock band Fair to Midland .
`` I 'm on a Boat '' is a single from The Lonely Island 's debut album Incredibad .
`` You Do n't Miss Your Water '' is a soul song and the debut single written and recorded by American singer William Bell .
`` ' Til Tomorrow '' is a 1982 R&B / Soul quiet storm - styled song recorded by American singer Marvin Gaye .
Aria of the Devil is the second of two studio albums by Theatre of Hate released posthumously after the band 's dissolution in 1983 .
`` The Prettiest Star '' is a song by David Bowie , originally released as a single in March 1970 .
`` It 's Tricky '' is the final single released from Run-- D.M.C. 's third album , Raising Hell .
B Album is the second studio album of the Japanese duo KinKi Kids .
`` El Questro '' is a single by Downsyde from the group 's second album , Land of the Giants .
Huellas ( English : Traces ) is the 17th studio album by Mexican pop singer Yuri .
Fuck Me Jesus is the first demo by Swedish black metal band Marduk .
The Killera Sword is an Demo album of Brazilian heavy metal band Viper , released in 1985 .
A Taste of Extreme Divinity is the eleventh studio album by the Swedish death metal band Hypocrisy .
Glamorest Life is the third studio album by American rapper Trina , and was released on October 4 , 2005 .
The Irish Connection is fourth studio album released by Irish singer - songwriter , Brian McFadden .
`` Do n't Stop Me Now '' is a song by the British rock band Queen , featured on their 1978 album Jazz that was released as a single in 1979 .
`` 2 in the Morning '' is the fourth single and the third U.S. single release from pop group New Kids on the Block 's sixth studio album , The Block .
Roll Over , Baby is the fifth studio album released by blues guitarist , Guitar Shorty ( David Kearney ) .
Somos unos Animales is the second studio album by the Spanish hard rock band Extremoduro recorded in two weeks and released under the Pasión - Área Creativa label on July 1991 .
`` We 'll Be Alright '' is the third single from Travie McCoy 's debut solo album Lazarus .
Pop Crimes is a 2009 solo album by Australian musician Rowland S. Howard .
`` Say It 's Possible '' is Terra Naomi 's first single and first solo release on a major label .
Both Sides of the Gun , is a Ben Harper album released in 2006 .
`` Poso M'Aresei '' ( Greek : Πόσο μ ' αρέσει ; English : How much I like ) is a pop different song by the Greek - Swedish singer Elena Paparizou .
`` Everything You Wanted '' is a song by Kele Okereke , lead singer and rhythm guitarist of the band Bloc Party .
Randy in Brasil is an album by Randy Brecker , released through Mama Records on September 9 , 2008 .
The Funeral of Being is a 2003 album by the American black metal band Xasthur .
Between a Rock and a Hard Place was the final studio album from Australian rock band Australian Crawl .
`` Speak to Me '' is the first track by British progressive rock band Pink Floyd 's 1973 album , The Dark Side of the Moon , on which it forms an overture .
The Bedlam in Goliath is the fourth studio album by the American progressive rock band The Mars Volta , released on January 29 , 2008 on Gold Standard Laboratories and Universal Motown Records .
Love Storm is the fifth album by American soul / R&B group Tavares , and the second to be produced by Freddie Perren , released in 1977 on the Capitol label .
Hatebreeder is the second studio album by Finnish metal band Children of Bodom .
`` Love School '' is a song by Australian rock duo Divinyls , released in April 1991 from their fourth and most successful self titled album .
Future Girls is the second album by Swedish pop / bubblegum dance group Smile.dk , released in 2000 .
Happiness and Surrounding Suburbs is the debut studio album by Australian indie pop band Ball Park Music .
`` Search for the Hero '' is the third single ( remixed ) from Bizarre Fruit ( 1994 ) , the multi - platinum selling album from M People .
`` Looking Through Patient Eyes '' is a song by American hip hop / R&B group P.M. Dawn .
Let Us Play ! is the fourth album by Coldcut , released on 8 September 1997 .
When Life Gives You Lemons , You Paint That Shit Gold is the fifth studio album by the Minneapolis hip hop group Atmosphere .
Funky Man is a single by Dee Dee King , the rapper alias of Ramones bassist Dee Dee Ramone .
`` Is She Really Going Out with Him ? '' is the first single released by British musician Joe Jackson in September 1978 .
`` Pretty Girl Rock '' is a song by American R&B recording artist Keri Hilson , taken from her second studio album , No Boys Allowed ( 2010 ) .
`` In a Sentimental Mood '' is a jazz composition by Duke Ellington which is also performed as a song .
`` Strawberry Kisses '' is a pop song written by Jeff Franzel , Andy Marvel and Marjorie Maye , produced by Chong Lim for Nikki Webster 's first album Follow Your Heart ( 2001 ) .
Long Line of Heartaches is the thirty fourth studio album by American country artist Connie Smith .
Gentle Creatures is a 1995 album by the band Tarnation ( Paula Frazer , Lincoln Allen , Michelle Cernuto and Matt Wendell Sullivan ) .
The BDI Thug is the solo debut from hip - hop artist Buckshot of the group Black Moon , and the collective Boot Camp Clik .
`` I denna natt blir världen ny '' is a song by the Swedish singer Carola Häggkvist .
Hundred Year Flood is the fourth studio album by the progressive metal / rock band Magellan .
Do n't Do Anything is the eleventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Sam Phillips .
Originally `` Got 2 Be Down '' was expected to be the 3rd single but due to Faith Evans ' pregnancy plans the release for the single were put on hold .
Nowhere Left to Hide is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Juke Kartel , released through Emporium Music on 3 April 2009 .
`` Le Manège '' is a 2007 song recorded by French singer and composer Stanislas .
`` You on My Mind '' is a song by the British pop group Swing Out Sister .
Rare Bird Alert is a 2011 bluegrass album by Steve Martin and the Steep Canyon Rangers , featuring guest appearances by Paul McCartney and The Dixie Chicks .
When Disaster Strikes ... is the second studio album by American rapper Busta Rhymes , released by Elektra on September 16 , 1997 .
Somewhere We Both Walk is a second self - released work from Maine 's Nesey Gallons .
Queens and Kings is the fifth album released by Romanian twelve - piece Roma brass band Fanfare Ciocărlia .
Dogatana is a 1981 album by Japanese jazz guitarist Kazumi Watanabe .
`` Lonely Teardrops '' is a song recorded and released as a single in 1958 by R&B , Soul , and Rock n Roll singer Jackie Wilson on the Brunswick label .
Section X is a 2005 concept album by Danish Progressive metal band Beyond Twilight .
Lion of Judas is the second album by deathcore band Elysia .
`` Love Is in Control ( Finger on the Trigger ) '' is a Grammy - nominated single from Donna Summer 's self - titled 1982 album .
Beautiful Lumps of Coal is the third album by Christian singer Plumb .
`` Professional Widow '' is a 1996 song written by singer - songwriter Tori Amos .
`` Foxy , Foxy '' is a non - LP single released by Mott the Hoople in 1974 .
`` Give Him Up '' is the second single from Canadian rock band Faber Drive 's second album , Ca n't Keep a Secret .
The Best Way to Ruin Your Life is the second EP released by The Chiodos Bros , later known simply as Chiodos .
Liebeslieder Polkas is recording of the music of Peter Schickele under his comic pseudonym of P. D. Q. Bach , .
Najgori do sada ( The Worst Yet ) is the third album from Serbian hip - hop band Bad Copy .
`` Swimming in Your Ocean '' is a song by Canadian folk - rock group Crash Test Dummies and was the second single from their 1993 album God Shuffled His Feet .
Édes méreg is the second album from Hungarian singer and Megasztár runner - up Ibolya Oláh .
Kelly Gaffney is a fictional character portrayed by Amy Carlson on the television program Law & Order :
`` Take You Home '' is a song by British - Norwegian boyband A1 , released as the lead single from their fourth studio album , Waiting for Daylight .
`` Can You Rock It Like This '' is a 1985 single by Run-- D.M.C ..
`` Light of a Clear Blue Morning '' is a song written and recorded by American entertainer Dolly Parton .
`` A Million to One '' is a song written by Phil Medley and first recorded by Jimmy Charles on his 1960 album The Age for Love .
My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky is the eleventh studio album by Swans released on September 23 , 2010 ; it is their first studio recording in 14 years .
L'anima vola is the eighth studio album by Italian singer -- songwriter Elisa .
The Poor Touring Me Tour was a 1996 - 1997 concert tour by American heavy metal band Metallica supporting their sixth album Load .
`` Beat Dis '' is a 1988 track by British act Bomb the Bass , a studio production formed by producer Tim Simenon , from the act 's album Into the Dragon .
A Sun That Never Sets is the seventh studio album from the Californian band Neurosis .
Years of Refusal is the ninth studio album by English alternative rock singer Morrissey .
Ten Toes Down is the eighth studio album by American southern hip hop duo 8Ball & MJG .
Standing On My Own is the debut international album by Israeli singer Shiri Maimon , released on January 10 , 2008 .
`` Night Changes '' is a song recorded by British - Irish boy - band One Direction .
Tim Timebomb is a music project by Tim Armstrong , best known as a member of the punk rock band Rancid .
Metal Jukebox is a cover album by German heavy metal band Helloween .
`` Mountain Jam '' is an improvised instrumental jam by The Allman Brothers Band .
You 've Come This Way Before is a 1968 album by American singer - songwriter Nancy Priddy .
Break the Border ( stylized by the artist as BREAK the BORDER ) is the debut album by Swedish singer of Japanese music Yohio , released in Sweden on 27 March 2013 in an English version .
Imagine Our Love is a studio album by Los Angeles - based folk band Lavender Diamond .
Hangover Music Vol . VI is the fifth studio album by heavy metal band Black Label Society , released April 20 , 2004 .
`` While the Earth Sleeps '' is a song written by Eric Mouquet and Michel Sanchez of Deep Forest and Peter Gabriel .
Plaything is a song by American singer Rebbie Jackson , the first single from her third album R U Tuff Enuff .
Realm of Terror is American thrash metal band Merciless Death 's second album , released on May 20 , 2008 on Heavy Artillery Records .
Vheissu ( pronounced `` vee - sue '' ) is the fourth studio album by Thrice .
Söz Vermiş Şarkılar is a tribute album to Murathan Mungan .
Sarah + 2 is a 1962 studio album by American jazz singer Sarah Vaughan .
`` Feels Like Fire '' was released in June 2003 as the second single outside the United States from Santana 's album Shaman .
Play Me or Trade Me is the third and final studio album by the P - Funk spin off act Parlet .
`` Mr. Moon '' is a single by New Zealand rock band Headless Chickens released in 1993 .
`` Who Wants to Live Forever '' is a song by the British rock band Queen .
Businessmen & Ghosts is a double album by British band Working for a Nuclear Free City .
`` Brass in Pocket '' ( also known as `` Brass in Pocket ( I 'm Special ) '' ) is a single by The Pretenders .
Odds & Ends is a collection of unfinished tracks and demo recordings by British pop singer , Dido .
Psycho - Narco is the seventh studio album released by Scottish heavy metal band The Almighty .
Mexican Spaghetti Western is a studio album by Robert Rodriguez 's band , Chingon .
`` Belle of the Boulevard '' is the lead single by American alternative rock band Dashboard Confessional from their sixth studio album Alter the Ending , the song first appeared on Radio Sophie on September 17 , and later the band posted it on their MySpace page on September 21 .
Divý mak ( Wild Poppy ) is the debut album by Slovak vocalist Szidi Tobias released on BMG Ariola in 2001 .
Mandarynkowy sen is the second studio album by Polish singer and dancer Mandaryna , released in 2005 .
`` Barely Breathing '' is the first single from the Gold - plus debut album of American singer - songwriter Duncan Sheik .
`` Love That Man '' is a song by American R&B - pop singer Whitney Houston , released in 2003 and is featured on her album , Just Whitney ....
`` Fotografía '' ( English : `` Photograph '' ) is a song recorded by Juanes and Nelly Furtado for Juanes ' second studio album , Un Día Normal ( 2002 ) .
The Stones Jazz is an album by jazz guitarist Joe Pass , released in 1966 .
Inland Territory is the fourth studio album by singer - songwriter Vienna Teng .
Del Otro Lado del Sol is the third studio album released in 1991 by Guatemalan singer - songwriter Ricardo Arjona .
Before All of This is the title of Ian McNabb 's 7th solo album after leaving The Icicle Works .
Silueta ( English Silhouette ) is the 8th studio album by Mexican pop singer Ana Gabriel .
`` I Do n't Need No Doctor '' was a hit song written by Nick Ashford , Valerie Simpson and Jo Armstead , and first recorded by Ray Charles in 1966 .
The VIIth Coming is the seventh full - length album by British doom metal band Cathedral .
`` She 's No You '' is the second single in Jesse McCartney 's debut album , Beautiful Soul .
Shoot This is the second album by Australian post - grunge band Motor Ace , released in August 2002 .
`` When You 're Hot , You 're Hot '' is a 1971 crossover single , written and recorded by Jerry Reed .
Kick Out the Jams is the debut album by American protopunk band MC5 .
`` Raise Up '' is a song recorded by American rapper Petey Pablo .
Goin' Off is the debut studio album by American hip hop musician Biz Markie .
`` Picture Of My Own '' is the first song and lead single from the first album All ' Bout Smoke ' n Mirrors by the Portuguese band Fingertips .
Gemini Suite Live is a recording of Jon Lord 's classical / rock piece Gemini Suite featuring the original Mark II band lineup of Deep Purple , recorded live during this one and only live performance in 1970 .
Hate Them is the ninth album by Norwegian black metal band , Darkthrone .
Dreamcrash is the second album by Finland - based band Grave Pleasures ( formerly known as Beastmilk ) .
`` Love Is the Drug '' is a 1975 single from English rock band Roxy Music 's fifth studio album Siren .
4-Track Mind is the debut studio album by Spencer Gibb , under the pseudonym of Jez Spencer .
`` You Know What '' is the first single off Avant 's album Director .
When a Guitar Plays the Blues is a 1985 album by American guitarist and Blues musician Roy Buchanan .
Rise Ye Sunken Ships is the debut album of indie rock band Augustines , released under their original band name We Are Augustines .
The Jesus Record is the ninth and final album by American singer / songwriter Rich Mullins , released posthumously on July 21 , 1998 , ten months after his death .
Die Stadt Muzikanten is the third studio album by Canadian indie rock band Woodpigeon , officially released on January 12 , 2010 .
`` Under My Thumb '' is a song written by Mick Jagger and Keith Richards for The Rolling Stones .
I 'm Not That Kind of Girl is a studio album released in 1983 by British singer Marti Webb .
`` Every Day Is a Holiday '' is a song written and recorded by American singer Katy Perry .
Conquering Ruler is a cover album by The Specials , released in 2001 ( see 2001 in music ) .
Chalice of Steel is a full - length studio album by German metal band Paragon , released in 1999 .
`` Body II Body '' is a song by Samantha Mumba , released as the second single from her album Got ta Tell You in the autumn of 2000 .
88 Lines About 44 Women is the name of a hit single by the new wave band The Nails .
D'scover is the Japanese debut album of South Korean artist , Daesung , also known by his Japanese stage name , D - Lite , member and main vocalist of boy band Big Bang .
Private City is a solo album by English saxophonist John Surman , released on the ECM label in 1987 .
`` What 's the Frequency , Kenneth ? '' is a song by the American alternative rock band R.E.M. from their 1994 album Monster .
`` Luv Your Life '' is the third single by Australian rock band Silverchair from their fourth album Diorama , which was released in 2002 .
Headlights & Tailpipes is the second studio album by country music singer Willie Mack .
Still Got the Blues is a 1990 album by guitarist Gary Moore .
Inside Yours is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Gruntruck .
Back to the Web is the eighth album by indie rock band Elf Power .
`` Soon I 'll Be Loving You Again '' is an album track issued in 1976 by singer Marvin Gaye on the I Want You album .
`` Dancing Out '' is a dance track by Korean boy band , Super Junior .
The Beast with Two Backs is the seventh full - length studio album by British goth rock band Inkubus Sukkubus .
`` Sting Me '' is a single by American rock band The Black Crowes .
Ordo Militia Templi is the first studio album by the Italian Black ambient / Gothic rock band Militia Christi .
`` On My Level '' is a song by American rapper Wiz Khalifa , released as the first promotional , and later third official single from his debut studio album , Rolling Papers ( 2011 ) .
Blues for Lady Day ( subtitled A Personal Tribute to Billie Holiday ) is an album by American jazz pianist Mal Waldron featuring performances recorded in Baarn , Holland in 1972 and released on the Freedom label .
50 Number Ones is a compilation album , released in 2004 , by American country music singer George Strait .
Terium is the titled of sixth album by the Christian Power metal band Seventh Avenue It was released in 2008 .
Et ole yksin is a 2013 studio album by Finnish singer - songwriter J. Karjalainen .
Uspomena na vreme koje se sigurno ponoviti neće ( Eng . A memory of a time that will surely not come again ) is a double album of Zvonko Bogdan , Croatian / Bunjevac singer from Vojvodina , Serbia .
`` Do n't Give Up on Me Now '' is a song by the American pop rock singer Ben Harper .
Odds or Evens is an album by Mike Stern , released in 1991 through Atlantic Records .
Godina sirotinjske zabave ( trans . A Year of Poverty Amusement ) is the second album by the Serbian alternative rock band Block Out , released by Metropolis Records in 1996 .
`` I Know UR Girlfriend Hates Me '' is an electropop song performed by Norwegian recording artist Annie .
Outlaw Gentlemen & Shady Ladies is the fifth studio album by the Danish metal band Volbeat .
`` Heart / You '' is the twelfth single by Japanese artist Masaharu Fukuyama .
`` The Promise of a New Day '' is the second single ( and lead - off track ) from American artist Paula Abdul 's album Spellbound .
`` Third Season '' is a song released by AFI in 1997 , from their album Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes .
`` Kotoba ni Dekinakute / Shining Butterfly '' is the fourth single by the vocal group Bright .
Cryogenix is In Strict Confidence 's 1st full - length album .
Acts of the Unspeakable is the third album by the American death metal band Autopsy .
The Best of Pure Voice is an international album by Christchurch , New Zealand soprano Hayley Westenra .
`` Miente '' ( Eng . : Lie ) is the title of the fourth single released by Enrique Iglesias from his second album , Vivir .
Swanlike is the first album by German progressive metal band Dark Suns .
Rap - Murr - Phobia ( The Fear of Real Hip - Hop ) is the fifth studio album by rapper Keith Murray .
By the Way is the eighth studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers .
Vincent LaGuardia Gambini Sings Just for You is the second studio album from actor and singer Joe Pesci .
Reek of Putrefaction is the debut album by British extreme metal band Carcass .
The Scattering of Ashes is the fourth full - length studio album by the Canadian heavy metal band Into Eternity .
Yours Truly , the Commuter is the debut solo studio album by American indie rock musician Jason Lytle .
Our Time in Eden is a studio album by the folk rock band 10,000 Maniacs .
Do n't Know How to Party is the third full - length album by The Mighty Mighty Bosstones , which was released in 1993 .
`` I Can Lose My Heart Tonight '' is the first single by pop singer C. C. Catch from her debut studio album Catch the Catch , released in 1985 by Hansa .
Little Johnny C is an album by American trumpeter Johnny Coles recorded in 1963 and released on the Blue Note label .
Long to Be Loose is the second solo album released by jazz fusion guitarist , Wayne Krantz .
From Every Sphere is the second album by British singer - songwriter Ed Harcourt , released in 2003 .
`` Bang - A - Boomerang '' is a song by ABBA , first released by Svenne & Lotta ( both Swedish and English - language versions ) .
Welcome to Discovery Park is the third studio album by the alternative rock band Brad .
Låter som miljarder ( Sounds like billions ) is the tenth album by the Swedish indie rock band bob hund .
Tell It to the Volcano is the debut album of indie pop band Miniature Tigers , released on September 16 , 2008 .
`` We 've Got Tonite '' ( sic ) is a song written by American Bob Seger , from his 1978 album Stranger in Town .
Silver Rain is an album by bassist Marcus Miller .
Fake Chemical State is the second solo album by Skunk Anansie lead vocalist Skin .
Amor Artificial ( English : Artificial Love ) is the 6th studio album made by Costa Rican rock band , `` Evolución '' .
Love Dance is the fourth album led by trumpeter Woody Shaw which was recorded in 1975 and released on the Muse label .
`` Drinking from the Bottle '' is a song by Scottish DJ and producer Calvin Harris from his third studio album , 18 Months .
`` It Wo n't Be Wrong '' is a song by the American folk rock band The Byrds , which appeared as the second track on their 1965 album , Turn !
Permanent Waves is the seventh studio album by Canadian rock band Rush , released on January 14 , 1980 .
Possessed 13 is the sixth album by Swedish death metal / thrash metal metal band The Crown .
Alles Liebe ( Everything is Love or All is Love ) is the second studio album released by German Schlager group Die Flippers .
Before the Dream Faded ... is the second album of DIY guru Calvin Johnson .
Of Fracture and Failure is the debut full - length album by New Zealand death metal band Ulcerate .
Ringworm Interiors is the debut album from Ohio alternative rock band Circus Devils .
Banks of Eden is the eleventh studio album by the progressive rock band The Flower Kings released on June 18 , 2012 .
Psycho Magnet is the second studio album by American Gothic rock band London After Midnight .
Roll the Bones is the fourteenth studio album by Canadian rock band Rush , released in 1991 .
`` 6th Avenue Heartache '' is a song by the band The Wallflowers , and was the first single from their 1996 album Bringing Down the Horse .
Operation Share the Shanties is the fourth album by the American a cappella sextet Bounding Main , released in 2008 .
Different Stars is the second album by the American rock band Trespassers William .
`` The Last Stop '' is a song by Dave Matthews Band and the third track from their 1998 album , Before These Crowded Streets .
Tuba Sounds is the debut album by tuba player Ray Draper recorded in 1957 and released on the Prestige label .
Safe Upon the Shore is the ninth and final studio album released by Canadian folk rock band Great Big Sea .
`` Manboy '' is an English language song performed by Swedish singer Eric Saade .
`` Both Sides of the Story '' is a song performed by Phil Collins and released in 1993 as the lead single from the album Both Sides .
The Pale Haunt Departure is the fifth full - length album by the American death - doom band Novembers Doom , released in 2005 .
Chinese Revenge is a song performed by Italian synth - pop group Koto .
`` Wynona 's Big Brown Beaver '' is the first single off Primus ' 1995 album Tales from the Punchbowl .
Travelling Without Moving is the third studio album released by British funk / acid jazz band Jamiroquai , released on 28 August 1996 in Japan , 9 September 1996 in the United Kingdom , 19 November 1996 in Canada and 14 January 1997 in the United States .
`` Love Her Madly '' is a song by The Doors that was released in March 1971 .
Steal This Album is the third studio album by Oakland hip hop duo The Coup , released four years after their second album Genocide & Juice .
Classical Mushroom is the second studio album by the Israeli psychedelic trance band Infected Mushroom .
The We Wanna Be with You Tour was a concert tour by the Backstreet Boys which took place in 1995 - 96 .
`` Electric Boogie '' ( also known as the `` Electric Slide '' ) is a dance song performed by Marcia Griffiths .
The Infamous is the second studio album by the American hip hop duo Mobb Deep .
What Thou Wilt is an album of contemporary classical music composed by John Zorn and released in October 2010 on the Tzadik label .
`` Where the Dream Takes You '' is a tender pop ballad recorded and performed by American recording artist Mýa .
Piano Español is an album by Argentine composer , pianist and conductor Lalo Schifrin recorded in 1959 and originally released on the Tico label .
`` C'est moi '' is a French language song by Marie - Mai .
Mr. Children 's thirteenth ( their official website lists it as the 15th ) original studio album , Supermarket Fantasy , debuted on the Japanese Oricon Charts at rank 1 on December 10 , 2008 .
Songs of the Third and Fifth is the fifth full - length studio album by the Australian hard rock / alternative metal band The Mark of Cain .
Kill for Love is the fourth studio album by American electronic music band Chromatics , released on March 26 , 2012 by Italians Do It Better .
`` Man in the Rain '' is a pop song written and performed by English multi - instrumentalist Mike Oldfield .
`` Sugaree '' is a song written by long - time Grateful Dead lyricist Robert Hunter and composed by guitarist Jerry Garcia .
Cathedral Oceans II is an album of instrumental ambient music by John Foxx .
Disarm the Descent is the sixth studio album by American metalcore band Killswitch Engage .
Here Comes a Song is The Wiggles ' second album , released in 1992 .
`` Crawling up a Hill '' is a song written by John Mayall , and recorded by John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers .
Fair Albion - Visions of England , is a 2009 album on the Signum Classics label featuring compositions by Patrick Hawes .
`` Sex hat keine Macht '' ( German for Sex has no power ) is the third single from German industrial metal group Oomph ! from the album Wahrheit oder Pflicht .
`` As I Lay Me Down '' is a song composed and performed by singer - songwriter Sophie B. Hawkins .
You Ca n't Stop Rock ' n ' Roll is the second studio album by American heavy metal band Twisted Sister , released on June 27 , 1983 .
Become Who You Are is the second studio album released by Christian rock band Mainstay .
Humour and the Misfortune of Others is the second studio album by New Zealand soul singer Hollie Smith .
Body and the Beat is an album recorded by Australian - New Zealand rock band Dragon in 1984 .
Digital Works is an album by American jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal featuring performances digitally recorded in 1985 and released on the Atlantic label .
Sincerità is the debut single by the Italian singer Arisa and it was released on 18 February 2009 .
That 's Right ! is an album by jazz cornetist Nat Adderley and the Big Sax Section released on the Riverside label featuring Adderley with his brother Cannonball Adderley , Jimmy Heath , Charlie Rouse , Yusef Lateef , Tate Houston , Wynton Kelly , Jim Hall / Les Spann , Sam Jones , and Jimmy Cobb .
`` You 're Better Off Dead ! '' is the first single from the album Hate Crew Deathroll by Children of Bodom .
Rise of the Infidels is the third and final album by crossover thrash band Stormtroopers of Death .
Left Hand Pathology is a debut full - length album by Swedish goregrind / death metal band General Surgery after seventeen years forming .
The Year the Sun Died is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Sanctuary , released on October 6 , 2014 in Europe , and eight days later in North America .
`` Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk '' is a song by British psychedelic rock band Pink Floyd , from their 1967 debut album , The Piper at the Gates of Dawn .
Dope Dogs is a 1994 album by Parliament - Funkadelic / P - Funk All Stars .
`` Me and My Crazy World '' was the lead single released from the Lost Boyz ' second album , Love , Peace & Nappiness .
Preach On Sister , Preach On ! is the third solo album by American comic and actress LaWanda Page , her fourth release overall ( including a collaboration album with the comic duo Skillet & Leroy under the title , Back Door Daddy ) under the eponymous stage name `` LaWanda '' .
Strange Constellations is the first studio album by the indie rock group Heroes & Zeros , released on April 23 , 2007 .
Idja is the debut studio album by the Finnish folk metal band Shaman , who later changed their name to Korpiklaani .
`` Goodbye Heartbreak '' is a song written by British duo Lighthouse Family with former Simply Red member Tim Kellett for their debut album Ocean Drive ( 1996 ) .
`` Why Does It Always Rain on Me ? '' is a song by Scottish band Travis , released as the third single from their second studio album , The Man Who .
`` Give Me Peace on Earth '' is the second single off of Modern Talking 's fourth album In the Middle of Nowhere .
`` Look Through Any Window '' is a song by the British beat group The Hollies .
Say I Am You is the second album released by indie folk band The Weepies and their first full - length record .
S'eho Erotefthi ( Greek : Σ'έχω Ερωτευθεί ; English : I 'm In Love With You ) is the tenth studio album by Greek singer Sakis Rouvas .
Super Blue is a 1978 album by jazz musician Freddie Hubbard .
Hear ! is an album by Trixter released in 1992 , reaching # 109 on the Billboard 200 .
`` Dull Boy '' is a single from American band Mudvayne 's 2007 album By the People , For the People , later included on the band 's 2008 studio album The New Game .
Five Live Yardbirds is the live debut album by English blues rock band The Yardbirds , released in the United Kingdom in December 1964 ( see 1964 in music ) by Columbia Records .
The Beatles recorded `` Here Comes the Sun '' at London 's EMI Studios in the summer of 1969 .
Politics of the Business is the third album by American hip hop producer Prince Paul .
Fairytales and Reality is the third album from Swedish / German power metal band Dionysus released August 23 , 2006 ( advanced Japanese release ) .
Pretty Much Your Standard Ranch Stash is American singer - songwriter Michael Nesmith 's sixth album of his post - Monkees career .
Grandmother 's Spaceship the third a studio album by pioneer Christian punk band Scaterd Few .
Sleeper Catcher is the fourth album by the Little River Band , released during 1978 .
`` Dear Lover '' is a song released as a single by R&B singer Mary Wells , released off her album , The Two Sides of Mary Wells , on the Atco label .
`` This Guy 's in Love with You '' is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David , and recorded by Herb Alpert .
Brain Cycles is the second studio album by American psychedelic rock band Radio Moscow .
Games at High Speeds is the first full - length album of Pilot to Gunner .
And the Word Became Flesh is the fifth album by emcee Professor Griff , which was released on September 11 , 2001 , on the Right Stuff Records and was produced by Professor Griff and Chuck D. The album did not make it to any of the Billboard chart or produce any hit singles .
`` Planet Colors '' is the seventh studio album by Swiss singer DJ BoBo , released in 2001 .
A Great Big Western Howdy ! is a studio recording released by the Western band Riders in the Sky in 1998 .
Üdü Ẁüdü is the sixth studio album by French progressive rock band Magma and was released in 1976 .
Opasno ( English : Dangerous ) is the debut album by Macedonian pop musician , Elvir Mekić .
The Sky Above the Mud Below is an album by New Zealand band Tall Dwarfs released in 2002 .
Drveće i rijeke ( English : Trees and Rivers ) is the fifth studio album by the Croatian alternative rock band Pips , Chips & Videoclips , released in April 2003 .
`` Ça n'finira jamais '' is a 2008 song recorded by French artist Johnny Hallyday .
Ode to John Law is the second studio album by Scottish blues band Stone the Crows .
4th & Wall is the second studio album by the dream pop band West Indian Girl , released in October 2007 on Milan Records .
Structurally Sound is an album by American jazz saxophonist Booker Ervin recorded in 1967 and released on the Pacific Jazz label .
`` Erase / Rewind '' is a pop rock song written by Peter Svensson and Nina Persson for The Cardigans ' 1998 album Gran Turismo .
`` We All Die Young '' is a song by Michael Matijevic of Steelheart , and Kenny Kanowski formerly of Steelheart .
`` Bayatılar '' was released by Brilliant Dadashova in Azerbaijan , Russia , Turkmenistan , Europe ( including Turkey , Greece , Germany , Spain , France ) , the Arab World and Brazil .
`` Same Old Star '' is a song written recorded by American country music group McBride & the Ride .
A New Dimension is an album by jazz percussionist Willie Bobo recorded in 1968 and released on the Verve label .
Dreams Less Sweet is the second studio album by English experimental band Psychic TV .
`` Ouija Board , Ouija Board '' was a single released by Morrissey in November 1989 .
Forty Licks is a double compilation album by The Rolling Stones .
Loose Screw is the eighth studio album by rock group The Pretenders , and was released in 2002 .
Plight & Premonition is the first of two collaborations between David Sylvian and Can 's bassist Holger Czukay , Flux and Mutability being their second .
MYV Pops ( often stylised as MYV ☆ POPS ) is the fourth studio album by Miyavi .
`` She 's My Ex '' is a song by the American punk rock band All , released as a single from their 1989 album Allroy 's Revenge .
`` Tossin ' and Turnin ' '' is a song written by Ritchie Adams and Malou Rene , and originally recorded by Bobby Lewis .
Josef Arneth ( 13 October 1873 in Burgkunstadt -- 1955 ) was a German physician and haematologist known for naming the Arneth count .
Willy Segers ( born 21 November 1958 in Anderlecht ) is a Belgian politician and is affiliated to the N - VA .
Niño Josele ( born Juan José Heredia in 1974 in Almería ) is a Spanish guitarist , and exponent of the New Flamenco style .
Slim Moon ( b. Matthew Moon on October 15 , 1967 in Missoula , Montana , United States ) is the founder of the independent music label , Kill Rock Stars .
Barbara Gittings was born to Elizabeth ( née Brooks ) Gittings and John Sterett Gittings in Vienna , Austria , where her father was serving as a U.S. diplomat .
Ralph Hoffmann was born on November 30 , 1870 at Stockbridge , Massachusetts the second of five children raised by Ferdinand and Caroline Hoffmann .
Suzanne Kaaren ( March 21 , 1912 , Brooklyn , New York -- August 27 , 2004 ) was an American B - movie actress who starred in stock film genres of the 1930s and 1940s : horror films , westerns , and romances .
Paleka ( born 4 October 1954 in Lisbon ) is a Portuguese percussionist in the genres of jazz , contemporary music , and world music .
René Klomp ( Nieuwenhoorn , 16 August 1974 ) is a former Dutch football player .
Pavel Kašpařík ( born January 11 , 1979 in Písek , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who currently plays with HC České Budějovice in the Czech Extraliga .
Claudio Capponi ( born 20 May 1959 , Rome ) is an Italian film composer , music arranger , orchestrator , music producer and violist .
Nick Fyffe ( born 14 October 1972 , Reading , England ) is an English bassist , known for being an ex - bassist of British funk band Jamiroquai .
Ram Gopal Bajaj was born on 5 March 1940 in Bajitpur Darbhanga .
Sally Warner was born in New York City and grew up in Connecticut and California , where her family moved when she was eight years old .
Gaël Pencreach ( born 5 August 1977 in Le Creusot ) is a retired French athlete who specialised in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
In 2006 , because he was underage , B- Rich helped sneak B.o . B into Club Crucial , a night club owned by Atlanta - based rapper T.I ..
William Hopewell was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Derby County .
Dean Erickson ( born December 5 , 1958 in Maine ) is the founder and CEO of Bionic Capital LLC , a registered investment advisory firm which specializes in wealth management and philanthropic investment solutions .
Folarin Falana ( born October 27 , 1990 in Lagos , Nigeria ) , better known by his stage name Falz is a Nigerian rapper .
Marco Pino or Marco da Siena ( 1521 - -1583 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance and Mannerist period .
Edmond Malone was born 4 October 1741 in Dublin to Edmond Malone Sr . ( 1704 - -1774 ) --
Tallys Machado de Oliveira , or simply Tallys , ( born October 26 , 1987 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian attacking midfielder .
Joyce Yang ( born 1986 in Seoul , Korea ) is a classical pianist .
Dr. Zsolt Molnár ( born 4 October 1974 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly from the Hungarian Socialist Party 's Budapest Regional List from 2006 to 2014 , and from his party 's national list since 2014 .
Ioan Silviu Suciu ( born 24 November 1977 in Sibiu ) is a retired Romanian artistic gymnast .
Teymur Elchin was born in the mountainous town Shusha of Nagorny Karabakh region of Azerbaijan with his family moving to Baku , the capital of Azerbaijan , in 1931 .
Aleksander Tammert ( born 2 February 1973 in Tartu ) is an Estonian discus thrower .
Michele Luppi ( Carpi , April 7 , 1974 ) is an Italian singer , keyboardist , producer , bassist and vocal coach .
Ilya Burov ( born November 13 , 1991 in Yaroslavl ) is a Russian freestyle skier , specializing in aerials .
Happy Salma was born in Sukabumi , West Java , on 4 January 1980 to Dachlan Suhendra and Iis Rohaeni , she is the fourth of the couple 's six children .
Kundrai Vaendan Karikalan ( born August 21 , 1956 ) is an Indian film director and producer primarily working in the Chennai film industry .
Kurt Wüthrich ( born October 4 , 1938 in Aarberg , Canton of Bern ) is a Swiss chemist / biophysicist and Nobel Chemistry laureate , known for developing nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) methods for studying biological macromolecules .
Colleen Lee Ka - ling ( Traditional Chinese:李嘉齡)(born October 11 , 1980 ) is a Hong Kong pianist who won the 6th place prize in the 15th International Frederic Chopin Piano Competition in 2005 .
Lorenz Jaeger was born in Halle , and studied at the Academy of Paderborn and University of Munich .
Alex Burke ( born 11 November 1977 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently without a club .
Harry Jeremiah Parks , a farm boy from Orangeville , New York , Parks ran away from home twice to join the Union Army .
Brian Stemmle ( born October 12 , 1966 , Aurora , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian skier who competed primarily in the downhill and Super - G disciplines .
Paolo Colonna ( born March 24 , 1987 in Altamura ) is an Italian cyclist .
Ramil Guliyev ( Azerbaijani : Ramil Eldar oğlu Quliyev ; born 29 May 1990 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijani - born Turkish sprint athlete .
Adryan Oliveira Tavares , or simply Adryan ( born 10 August 1994 in Rio de Janeiro ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club FC Nantes , on loan from Flamengo , as an attacking midfield playmaker .
Carrie Crowley ( born 23 May 1964 in Waterford ) is an Irish actress , Gaeilgeoir and former radio and television presenter .
Henri Richelet ( born 16 June 1944 in Frebécourt ( Vosges ) ) , is a French painter .
Brian Aker , born August 4 , 1972 in Lexington , Kentucky , USA is an open - source hacker who has worked on various Apache modules , the Slash system , and numerous storage engines for the MySQL database .
Tiaan Kannemeyer ( born December 14 , 1978 , in Bellville ) is a former South African cyclist .
Luís Buchinho ( born in Setúbal , 1969 ) is a Portuguese fashion designer .
Eleuterio Sánchez Rodríguez was born in 1942 in Salamanca , in western Spain .
Archduke Leopold Ludwig of Austria ( German : Leopold Ludwig Maria Franz Julius Estorgius Gerhard Erzherzog von Ósterreich ) ( b. Milan 6 June 1823 - d. Hórnstein 24 May 1898 ) was an Austrian general and admiral .
Olaf Tyaransen ( born in Dublin on 10 February 1971 ) is an Irish journalist and is a contributing editor with Dublin 's Hot Press magazine .
Born on June 16 , 1917 , in Volos , Greece , Phaedon Gizikis was a career Hellenic Army officer .
Lorenzo Nina was born in Recanati ; his father was a notary .
Lassina Abdoul Karim Konaté ( born May 20 , 1987 in Niamey ) is a professional Nigerien footballer currently playing for FC Metz in the French Ligue 1 .
Annibale II Bentivoglio ( 1467 -- June 1540 ) was an Italian condottiero , who was shortly lord of Bologna in 1511 - -1512 .
Alain Goraguer ( born 20 August 1931 in Rosny - sous - Bois , Seine - Saint - Denis ) is a French jazz pianist , sideman of Boris Vian and Serge Gainsbourg , arranger and composer .
Nikola Sudová ( born March 17 , 1982 in Jablonec nad Nisou ) is a Czech freestyle skier known for moguls .
Attilio Palatini ( 18 November 1889 -- 24 August 1949 ) was an Italian mathematician born in Treviso .
Sun Caiyun ( Chinese : 孙彩云 ; born July 21 , 1973 in Shenzhen ) is a Chinese former pole vaulter , who was one of the leading athletes in her discipline in the early 1990s .
David McGurn ( born 14 September 1980 in Glasgow ) is a Scottish footballer currently playing for Stranraer in Scottish League One on loan from Championship side Raith Rovers .
Keith Hanvey aka `` Newton Heath Keith '' ( born 18 January 1952 in Manchester ) is a retired English professional footballer who played for Manchester City , Swansea City , Rochdale , Grimsby Town and Huddersfield Town .
Born in New York City , Crawford Kilian grew up in Los Angeles and Mexico City .
Adrian Owers ( born 26 February 1965 in Chelmsford , England ) is a former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Southend United , Brighton & Hove Albion , Gillingham and Maidstone United .
Günter Luther was born in Bestwig on 17 March 1922 , the son of a teacher who came from a family of artisans .
Howard Shanet was born on 9 November 1918 in Brooklyn , New York , and started his musical career as a cellist , gaining a Bachelor 's degree from Columbia in 1939 and a Master 's in Musicology in 1941 .
Prior to LSU , Xavier Carter graduated from Palm Bay High School in Melbourne , Florida .
Alexander Bovin was born on 9 August 1930 , in Leningrad ( now Saint Petersburg ) , USSR .
Silvio Baldini ( born 11 September 1958 in Massa ) is an Italian association football manager and the former head coach of Vicenza in the Serie B league .
Garner was born in the village of Detroit in Red River County in northeastern Texas , to John Nance Garner III and his wife , the former Sarah Jane Guest .
Vladimir Veber ( Russian : Владимир Владимирович Вебер ; born 20 July 1941 , Omsk , Russian SFSR , USSR ) is a football manager and former Moldovan footballer of Russian origin .
Gerson Levi - Lazzaris ( born in Curitiba , on November 25 , 1979 ) is a Brazilian archaeologist , descendent of Ladin immigrants .
Michel Louvain ( born Michel Poulin , July 12 , 1937 , Thetford Mines , Quebec ) is a French Canadian singer most popular in the 1960s and 1970s .
Dr. Hermann Iseke ( 9 March 1856 in Holungen , Province of Saxony -- 14 January 1907 in South West Africa , now Namibia ) was a German doctor .
John Frederick Denison Maurice was born in Normanton , Suffolk , on 29 August 1805 , the only son of Michael Maurice and his wife , Priscilla .
Didier Mouron is a Swiss artist ( naturalized Canadian ) , he was born on July 3 , 1958 in Vevey .
Carlos Eduardo Gutiérrez Silva or simply Carlos Gutiérrez ( born December 25 , 1976 in Treinta y Tres ) is a Uruguayan professional footballer .
Lutz Altepost ( born October 6 , 1981 in Emsdetten , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German sprint canoeist who has competed since the late 1990s .
Susan Bee ( born January 14 , 1952 ) is an American painter , editor , and book artist , who lives in New York City .
Zudikey Rodríguez Núñez ( born 14 March 1987 in Valle de Bravo , Estado de México ) is a Mexican sprinter and hurdler .
Marcel Lüske ( Amsterdam , 23 March 1953 ) is a Dutch professional poker player .
Gunther O. Hofmann ( b. 22 May 1957 in Landshut , Bavaria ) is a German surgeon , biophysicist , and professor .
Ewa Fröling , Eva Marie Fröling , ( born 9 August 1952 ) is a Swedish actress and director who was born in Stockholm .
Becky Johnson ( born February 14 , 1978 in Vancouver , BC ) is a Canadian comedian , writer , actor , improviser , craftsperson and organizer .
Renee Griffin , aka Renee Allman , aka Renee Ammann ( born May 30 , 1968 in Long Beach , California ) , is an American actress .
Roberts Jekimovs ( born November 11 , 1989 in Riga , Latvian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward .
Daws Butler was born on November 16 , 1916 in Toledo , Ohio , the only child of Ruth Butler and Charles Allen Butler .
James Duncan Davidson ( born July 29 , 1970 in Lubbock , Texas ) is an American photographer and a software developer .
Born as the eighth of sixteen children to Thomas Norman and Virginia Thomas , Lavinia Norman grew up in Montgomery , West Virginia .
Vitaliy Cherniy was born in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ( in present - day Ukraine ) .
Xiao Wen Ju was born on May 19 , 1989 in the city of Xi'an in Shaanxi province .
Rada Iveković ( born 1945 in Zagreb , Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professor , philosopher , Indologist , and writer .
George Curcă ( born 8 May 1981 , Isaccea , Tulcea County ) is a Romanian former professional football player who is currently playing amateur football in England with Corby Domino A.F.C in the Northamptonshire Combination League .
Sven Verdonck ( born 30 January 1988 in Herentals ) is a Belgian football player who plays in the central defence .
Michael Zapruder ( born 1969 in Washington , D.C. ) is an American musician and songwriter .
Alexander Aizenshtat ( born in 1951 , Moscow ) is a Russian - French artist .
Sergey Kalmykov was born in October 1891 in the Central Asian city of Samarkand , then a part of the Russian Empire .
Alex Halberstadt ( born in 1970 in Moscow ) is an American writer , noted in particular for his biography of Doc Pomus .
Marie - Luce Penchard ( born 14 February 1959 in Gourbeyre ) is a French politician from Guadeloupe and member of the UMP .
Eugène Maizan ( 28 September 1816 in Montauban -- July 1845 ) was a French Naval lieutenant and explorer , possibly the first European to penetrate East Africa and the first to enter tropical Africa from Zanzibar .
Elmin Marukić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Елмин Марукић ; born 9 December 1993 in Novi Pazar ) is a Serbian footballer , currently playing with Serbian League East club FK Morava Cuprija .
Patti Cohenour ( born October 17 , 1952 in Albuquerque , New Mexico , U.S. ) is an American actress and singer .
George Housman Thomas ( London December 17 , 1824 -- Boulogne - sur - Mer July 21 , 1868 ) , was an English engraver , illustrator and Victorian era painter .
Ashley Gorrell ( born January 1 , 1985 in Sarasota , Florida ) is an American actress known for her role as Jessica Whitaker in Thunder in Paradise .
Erik Kriek ( born 18 November 1966 , Amsterdam ) is a Dutch artist and the winner of the 2008 Stripschapprijs .
Kathleen Hughes ( born November 14 , 1928 ) is an American film , stage , and television actress from Hollywood , California .
Wong Chin Hung ( Chinese : 黃展鴻 ; Jyutping : wong4 zin2 hung4 , born 2 March 1982 in Hong Kong ) is a professional footballer who plays for Hong Kong First Division League side Eastern Salon .
Anastasija Reiberger , née Ryjikh ( born 19 September 1977 in Omsk ) is a Russian - born German pole vaulter .
Jacek Gmoch ( born 13 January 1939 in Pruszków ) is a former Polish footballer , who later became a trainer and selector of the Polish National Team .
Michał Kościuszko ( born 20 April 1985 in Kraków ) is a Polish rally driver , who currently competes in the Production World Rally Championship ( PWRC ) .
Vojtěch Sedláček ( born 1947 in Prague ) is a Czech entrepreneur , who established Obsluzna spol .
Franco Saudelli was born in Latina ( Lazio ) , but moved soon to Rome .
Andreas Labropoulos ( Greek : Ανδρέας Λαμπρόπουλος ; born 30 July 1988 in Patras ) , is a Greek professional footballer .
Mimoun Eloisghiri ( born 15 September 1989 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a striker and who currently plays for Ajax Zaterdag in the Dutch Topklasse .
Billie Myers ( born 14 June 1971 , Coventry , West Midlands , England ) is an English rock singer - songwriter .
Hal Willner ( born 1956 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American music producer working in recording , films , TV and live events .
Sergei Aleksandrovich Prikhodko ( Russian : Серге́й Александрович Приходько ; born March 7 , 1962 in Karaganda ) is a retired Russian professional footballer .
Olivier Henno ( born 21 April 1962 in Roubaix ) is a French politician , mayor of Saint - André - lez - Lille and a member of the MoDem .
Silvio Vigliaturo was born in Acri ( Cosenza ) , in 1949 .
Jonathan Messer ( born 17 March 1973 in Melbourne ) is an Australian director of theatre and film .
Sabina Babayeva ( Azerbaijani : Səbinə Babayeva , born 2 December 1979 , Baku ) is an Azerbaijani singer .
Łukasz Cieślewicz ( born 15 November 1987 in Gniezno ) is a Polish footballer , who plays as a forward for B36 Tórshavn in the Faroe Islands Premier League .
Achim Richter ( born September 21 , 1940 in Dresden ) is a German nuclear physicist .
Jamie Ford was born on July 9 , 1968 , in Eureka , CA , but grew up in Ashland , Oregon , and Port Orchard and Seattle , Washington .
Víctor Aldana Maestre ( born 9 June 1981 , Badajoz , Spain ) is a Spanish footballer with Romanian citizenship who last played for Săgeata Stejaru .
Bobby Johnston ( born 1967 in Olean , New York ) is a film composer and multi - instrumentalist .
John Ridley Stroop was born in the rural community of Hall 's Hill , outside Murfreesboro in Rutherford County , Tennessee .
Beniamino Bonomi ( born 9 March 1968 in Verbania ) is an Italian sprint canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the mid-2000s ( decade ) .
Katerina Athanasopoulou was born in Athens and studied painting at the School of Fine Arts of the Aristotle University of Thessaloniki and then completed an MA on animation at the Royal College of Art in London .
George Bass was born on 30 January 1771 at Aswarby , a hamlet near Sleaford , Lincolnshire , the son of a tenant farmer , George Bass , and a local beauty named Sarah Nee Newman .
Ruggero Lenci ( born Rome , January 7 , 1955 ) is an Italian architect and Professor of Architectural Design at the Faculty of Civil and Industrial Engineering of the Sapienza University of Rome .
Herbert Rosenkranz ( July 7 , 1924 in Vienna -- September 5 , 2003 ) was a Jewish historian .
Saša Marjanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Саша Марјановић ; born 13 November 1987 in Niš ) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Radnički Niš .
Perry Lang ( born December 24 , 1959 , Palo Alto , California ) is an American director , writer and actor .
Shahid Balwa hails from the Chilliyaah Sunni Muslim community , and his forefathers were from Gujarat .
Petter Hansson ( ˈpɛtːɛr ˈhɑːnsɔn ) ; born 14 December 1976 in Söderhamn ) is a retired Swedish footballer who played his last two seasons in the at AS Monaco .
John Michael Ferrari ( born November 11 , 1947 , Hollywood , United States ) , is an American entertainment journalist , film director , cinematographer , still photographer , film producer , composer , writer , and author .
J Allard ( born James Allard , on January 12 , 1969 , in Glens Falls , New York ) is the CEO of Project 529 , a Portland , OR based startup building software for cyclists .
Thomas Tompion was born around 1639 and was baptized on 25 July 1639 in Northill , Bedfordshire , England .
Jens Nohka ( born 5 October 1976 in Frankfurt ( Oder ) ) is a German bobsledder who 's competing from 1999 .
Catherine Scott ( born 27 August 1973 in Clarendon Parish ) is a retired Jamaican athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles .
Behrouz Rahbarifar ( Persian : بهروز رهبری‌فر‎ , born July 17 , 1971 in Tehran ) is a retired Iranian football player .
Else Krüger ( born 9 February 1915 ) was Martin Bormann 's secretary from the end of 1942 ( and , allegedly , mistress ) during World War II . She was born in Hamburg - Altona .
Bovy Sor Udomson was born as Piyapong Chuanpo in Kalasin Province in Northeastern ( Isan ) region of Thailand .
Marcel Bourbonnais ( born February 27 , 1918 in Quebec City , Quebec - died October 14 , 1996 ) was a Canadian politician , draftsman , engineer , foreman and technician .
Charlton Ogburn , Jr. ( 15 March 1911 , Atlanta , Georgia -- 19 October 1998 , Beaufort , South Carolina ) was an American journalist and author , most notably of memoirs and non - fiction works .
Lyrian ( りりあん ) ( born September 21 , 1985 ) is a Japanese moe idol and singer who hails from Milan , Italy .
Vibha Natarajan was born in Chennai and did her schooling in Bangalore .
He Zuoxiu was born in Shanghai in 1927 .
Red Sovine was born as Wooodrow Wilson Sovine in 1917 in Charleston , West Virginia , earning the nickname `` Red '' because of his reddish - brown hair .
Adam Ondra ( born February 5 , 1993 in Brno ) is a Czech rock climber .
Rudolf Kaltenbach ( 12 May 1842 -- 21 November 1893 ) was a German gynecologist who was a native of Freiburg i m Breisgau .
Andreas Tews ( born September 11 , 1968 in Rostock , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is a German former amateur boxer .
Jim Fryatt ( born 2 September 1940 in Southampton ) is a retired English footballer who played as a striker .
Tim Wildsmith was born on Atlanta , Georgia to Dennis and Donna Wildsmith .
Jacob Beser grew up in Baltimore , Maryland where he attended the Baltimore City College ( high school ) graduating in June 1938 .
Sammy Nestico ( born Samuel Louis Nistico , February 6 , 1924 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) is a composer and arranger of big band music .
Davron Khashimov ( born 24 November 1992 ) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays for Pakhtakor Tashkent and Uzbekistan national team .
Ricardo Weslei de Campelo , also known as Ricardinho ( born 19 November 1983 in Birigüi , São Paulo ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Marie Constant Emmanuel de Rorthay de Saint Hilaire , who later took the pseudonym of René de Marmande , was born in Vannes , Morbihan on 1 January 1875 .
Dragan Kojadinović ( born 1954 in Banatski Karlovac ) was the Serbian Minister of Culture .
Kid Harpoon ( born Tom Hull , 20 April 1982 , Chatham , Kent , England ) is an English singer - songwriter and musician .
Sebastián Ariel Romero ( born 27 April 1978 in Berisso ) , nicknamed Chirola , is an Argentine professional footballer who currently plays for Quilmes .
Sergio Vartolo ( Bologna , 1944 ) is an Italian harpsichordist , organist , musicologist and conductor ; in past also active as countertenor .
Yohanan Simon , painter was born in 1905 , Berlin .
Florent Aziri ( born 3 September 1988 in Titova Mitrovica , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a German footballer from Kosovo who plays for Bremer SV .
Tadeusz Kutrzeba was born in Kraków , a part of Austria - Hungary , since the 1795 partition of Poland .
Alonzo Church was born on June 14 , 1903 , in Washington , D.C. , where his father , Samuel Robbins Church , was the judge of the Municipal Court for the District of Columbia .
Jaime Roos ( born November 12 , 1953 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan singer , composer and record producer .
Mercedes Llopart studied in her native Barcelona and made her operatic debut there in 1915 .
Satterfield was born in Nashville , Tennessee , the son of Paul Satterfield a Nashville firefighter who was killed in the line of duty and Singer Songwriter Priscilla Coolidge .
Born in the old Ralph Waldo Emerson House in Malden , Massachusetts , Darius Cobb was a descendant of Henry Cobb of Kent , England , who came to Plymouth , Massachusetts in 1629 on the ship Anne .
John P. Kee was born the 15th of 16 children in Durham , North Carolina .
Stanislav Donets ( Russian : Станислав Донец ) ( born 7 July 1983 ) is a Russian swimmer from Dimitrovgrad .
On September 11 , 2005 Haleigh Poutre was brought to the emergency room at Noble Hospital in Westfield , Massachusetts by Holli and Jason Strickland .
Satish Sharma was born on 11 October in Secunderabad , a city in the Indian state Telangana . He was educated in Col . Brown Cambridge School in Dehra Dun and was later trained as a pilot in Kansas City , Missouri .
Nick Sheppard is a Bristol - born guitarist best known for being in the well - known punk band The Clash for a short time .
Hans - Joachim Borzym ( born 7 January 1948 in Brandenburg an der Havel ) is an East German rower who competed in the early 1970s .
Éloi Machoro ( 1945 . Thio -- 12 January 1985 Canala ) was an independentist New Caledonian Kanak politician .
Kyle Briggs ( born 7 December 1987 in Leeds ) is an English rugby league player who currently plays for Sheffield Eagles .
Jean - Marc Furlan ( born November 20 , 1957 , Sainte - Foy - la - Grande ) is a French soccer manager .
Brown 's parents had limited financial resources , and they moved to Calais to seek cheaper lodgings , where their daughter Elizabeth Coffin was born in 1819 and their son Ford Madox Brown in 1821 .
Luan Rama is an Albanian diplomat , writer and researcher from Tirana who lives and works in Paris , France .
Anna Elisabeth of Saxe - Lauenburg ( 23 August 1624 in Ratzeburg -- 27 May 1688 in Butzbach ) , was a duchess of Saxe - Lauenburg by birth and by marriage landgravine of Hesse - Homburg .
Job Adams Cooper was born in Greenville , Illinois , to Charles and Maria Hadley Cooper , one of seven children .
Leila Gyenesei ( born April 22 , 1986 in Kaposvár ) is a Hungarian modern pentathlete and cross - country skier .
Rowena Wallace was born in Coventry , West Midlands , an only child .
Johnny Western was born Johnny Westerlund in Two Harbors in Lake County in northeastern Minnesota but was primarily reared in Northfield in south central Minnesota .
Abdel Moneim El Shahat ( Arabic : عبد المنعم الشحات ) ( born 1970 in Alexandria ) is the official spokesman of the Egyptian Salafist group al - Da'wa al - Salafiya ( `` The Salafist Call '' ) , religious preacher and TV Host .
Jammes Luckett , also formerly credited as Jaye Barnes Luckett ( born August 13 , 1974 in Columbus , OH ) is an American musician , writer , visual artist , and voice actor .
Aaron Embry ( born November 10 , 1975 , Bellflower , California ) is an American songwriter and record producer .
Freelan Oscar Stanley and his identical twin brother Francis Edgar ( 1849 - 1918 ) were born on June 1 , 1849 , in Kingfield , Maine .
Ivana Janečková ( born March 8 , 1984 in Rychnov nad Kněžnou ) is a Czech cross country skier who has competed since 2002 .
Matthew Gaines was born on August 4 , 1840 near Alexandria , Louisiana to a female slave owned by the Martin Despallier family .
Valentinus Otho or Valentin Otto ( born around 1550 possibly in Magdeburg -- April 8 , 1603 in Prag ) was a German mathematician and astronomer .
Giorgio Piantella ( Camposampiero , 6 July 1981 ) is an Italian pole vaulter .
Julius Mackerle ( 18 June 1909 Jevíčko , Moravia Austria - Hungary -- 11 September 1988 ) was a Czechoslovakian inventor and automobile engineer .
Lucy Beaumont ( 18 May 1873 -- 24 April 1937 ) was an English actress of the stage and screen from Bristol , Gloucestershire .
Luke Magill ( born September 10 , 1987 in Dagenham ) is an English footballer , currently playing for Dayton Dutch Lions in the USL Professional Division .
Umberto Massimo Lattuca , also known as simply Massimo Lattuca ( born April 14 , 1959 in Rome ) is a retired Italian professional football player .
Edwin Granberry was born in Meridian , Mississippi and went to Starkville High School in Starkville , Mississippi .
A dedicated athlete , Klára Poláčková worked as a PR manager for foreign companies to fund her studies and graduated in business management at the Anglo - American University in Prague in 2000 .
Wallace Markfield ( August 12 , 1926 -- May 24 , 2002 ) was an American comic novelist best known for his first novel , To an Early Grave ( 1964 ) , about four men who spend the day driving across Brooklyn to their friend 's funeral .
Penny Chenery , was born in New Rochelle , New York in 1922 and raised in Pelham Manor , New York .
Caleb Rich ( born 1 August 1750 , in Sutton , MA ) was an American minister who was influential in the formation of the Universalist Church .
Alex Funke ( born October 12 , 1944 in Santa Barbara , California ) is a special effects photographer .
Ken Niles ( December 9 , 1906 or 1908 , in Livingston , Montana -- October 31 , 1988 ) was an American radio announcer .
Roslyn Kind ( born January 9 , 1951 , in Brooklyn ) is an American actress , singer and songwriter .
Popi Tsapanidou ( Greek : Πόπη Τσαπανίδου ) ( born 20 April 1967 in Thessaloniki ) is a Greek television journalist and television personality currently working on Star Channel .
Florin - Teodor Tănăsescu ( born April 12 , 1932 in Bârlad , Tutova County , now Vaslui County ) , is a Romanian electrical engineer , professor at the University Politehnica of Bucharest .
Van Tuong Nguyen and his twin brother , Dang Khoa Nguyen , were born in a refugee camp at Songkhla in Thailand to Vietnamese parents .
Janusz Kaczmarek ( born December 25 , 1961 in Gdynia ) is a Polish lawyer , prosecutor and politician .
John Esslemont was born in Aberdeen on 19 May 1874 , the third son and fourth child of John E. Esslemont ( 1859 - 1927 ) , a successful merchant , and Margaret Esslemont ( née Davidson ) .
Gail Giles ( born September 24 in Galveston , Texas ) is an American writer of young - adult fiction .
Meaghan Simister ( born November 10 , 1986 in Regina , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian Olympic luger who has competed since 2003 .
Vijaygupta Maurya was born as Vijayshankar Morarji Vasu ( Gujarati : વિજયશંકર મુરારજી વાસુ ) in Porbandar , Gujarat in 1909 .
Joseph Hunter Bryan ( born in Martin County , North Carolina , April 9 , 1782 , died at La Grange , Tennessee , December 28 , 1839 ) was a Congressional Representative from North Carolina .
Hugues Le Bars ( Versailles Yvelines , 13 October 1950 -- 1 November 2014 ) was a French film music composer .
Letitia Baldrige was born February 9 , 1926 in Miami , Florida , and grew up in Omaha , Nebraska , the youngest child of Republican Congressman Howard Malcolm Baldrige and his wife , Regina ( née Connell ) .
Kate Corbett ( born in Holyrood , Newfoundland and Labrador ) is a Canadian actress .
Heinrich X , Count of Reuss - Ebersdorf ( 29 November 1662 in Bad Lobenstein -- 10 June 1711 in Ebersdorf ) , was a member of the House of Reuss ( younger line ) .
Willi Worpitzky ( August 25 , 1886 in Berlin - Pankow -- October 30 , 1953 ) was a German amateur football ( soccer ) player and coach .
Parish records show that a Helen Hyslop was born in the area in 1766 , her parents being John Hyslop and Janet Howatson of Langholm .
Egon Horak ( born Innsbruck in 1937 ) is an Austrian mycologist who has described more than 1000 species of fungi , including many from the Southern Hemisphere , particularly New Zealand and South America .
Daniela Escobar Duncan ( born January 16 , 1969 , in São Borja ) is a Brazilian actress and presenter .
Dr. István Hiller ( born 7 May 1964 in Sopron ) is a Hungarian politician and former chairman of the governing Hungarian Socialist Party between 16 October 2004 and 24 February 2007 , succeeding László Kovács , succeeded by Ferenc Gyurcsány .
Velupillai Prabhakaran was born in the northern coastal town of Valvettithurai on November 26 , 1954 , as the youngest of four children to Thiruvenkadam Velupillai and his wife Vallipuram Parvathy .
Hazel Henderson ( born March 27 , 1933 in Bristol , England ) is a futurist and an economic iconoclast .
Bojan Simić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бojaн Cимић ; born September 26 , 1976 in Leskovac ) is a Serbian footballer currently playing in Prima Categoria club Santa Tiziana of the city of Genoa .
Antanas Sniečkus was born in 1903 , in the village of Būbleliai , near Šakiai .
Eliyahu Winograd ( Hebrew : אליהו וינוגרד‎ ) ( b. December 1926 ) is a former Israeli acting Supreme Court judge and former president of the Tel Aviv District Court .
Khabbab ibn al - Aratt ( Arabic : خبّاب بن الأرت‎ ) was a boy from Najd , from the tribe of Banu Tamim .
Johan Castberg was born in Brevik as the son of customs surveyor and politician Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg ( 1827 - -1899 ) and his wife Hanna Magdalene Frisak Ebbesen ( 1839 - -1881 ) .
Victor Varnado ( born May 15 , 1969 in Gary , Indiana ) is an American standup comedian and actor .
Harold Septimus Power was born on 31 December 1877 , in Dunedin , New Zealand to Peter Power , an Irish - born hatter , and his Scottish wife Jane .
Miklós Simonovits ( 4 September 1943 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian mathematician who currently works at the Rényi Institute of Mathematics in Budapest and is a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences .
Martin Moran ( born December 29 , 1959 ) , is an American actor and writer who grew up in Denver , Colorado .
Jean Nicolle , born in Louviers in 1610 .
John Marshall was born in a log cabin in Germantown , a rural community on the Virginia frontier , in what is now Fauquier County , near Midland , on September 24 , 1755 , to Thomas Marshall and Mary Isham Keith , the granddaughter of Thomas Randolph of Tuckahoe .
Bernd Klotz ( born 8 September 1958 in Pforzheim ) is a German football coach and a former player .
Riley Salmon ( born July 2 , 1976 , in Amarillo , Texas ) is a volleyball player from the United States .
Stacy Dorning ( born 11 May 1958 in London ) is an English actress , best known for appearing in the second series of The Adventures of Black Beauty ( 1973 - -74 ) .
Rafi Haladjian ( Armenian : Րաֆֆի Հալաջյան ) born in Beirut , Lebanon ) in 1961 is a French serial entrepreneur of Armenian origin .
Jo Carson was born in Johnson City , Tennessee in 1946 and received degrees in theater and speech from East Tennessee State University in 1973 .
Anne Wheeler , OC ( born September 23 , 1946 in Edmonton , Alberta ) is a Canadian film and television writer , producer , and director .
Born in Lemsford , Hertfordshire , Stephen Ward was the son of Arthur Evelyn Ward , Vicar of Lemsford , and Eileen Esmée , née Vigors .
Jeroo Billimoria was born in Mumbai , India to an accountant and a social worker .
Simon Mawer ( /ˈmɔr/ MAWR ; born 1948 , England ) is a British author who lives in Italy .
Fábio Lucindo ( born February 16 , 1984 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian actor , voice actor and presenter .
Christian Fickert ( born 10 February 1981 in Mannheim ) is a former German footballer , who plays for SpVgg Wallstadt .
Mahdi Tajik ( born 1981 , Tehran ) is an Iranian students '' activist , journalist and political prisoner .
Ludwig Paischer ( born 28 November 1981 in Oberndorf bei Salzburg ) is an Austrian judoka .
Marie Russak ( also well known as Marie Hotchener or Marie Barnard ) was born on October 7 , 1865 in the small city of Four Corners , Butte County in northern California .
Rene Ortiz ( born April 23 , 1969 in Anaheim , California ) is a retired Mexican - American soccer player who currently is a physical ed teacher at hilltop high school in San Diego , CA .
Bovi Ugboma was born in Benin City , where he attended UNIBEN staff schools .
Dixon Denham was born at Salisbury Square , Fleet Street , London on New Year 's Day , 1786 , the son of James Denham , a haberdasher , and his wife Eleanor , née Symonds .
Thierry Humeau ( born November 8 , 1961 in Poitiers ) is a former French slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s .
John Doremus ( August 3 , 1931 in Sapulpa , Oklahoma -- July 6 , 1995 in Naperville , Illinois ) was an American radio personality , best known for his radio syndication of The Passing Parade , a series of short stories of remarkable but relatively unknown episodes throughout history .
Diamond Dixon ( born June 29 , 1992 in El Paso , Texas ) is an American track and field athlete .
Coleman Coker , born in 1951 in Memphis Tennessee , is an American architect who is best known for his work at the Bridges Center in 2005 .
Graham Webb was born on 13 January 1944 , as the youngest of five children brought up by a war widow in a slum in Birmingham , England .
Leo Africanus was born as al - Hasan , son of Muhammad in Granada , Islamic Spain , around the year 1494 .
Gastón Minutillo ( born December 19 , 1987 in Mar del Plata ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Fénix of the Primera B Metropolitana .
Elisabeth Schüssler Fiorenza ( born 17 April 1938 , Cenad ) is a Romanian - born German , Roman Catholic feminist theologian , who is currently the Krister Stendahl Professor of Divinity at Harvard Divinity School .
Little Freddie King ( born Fread Eugene Martin , July 19 , 1940 , McComb , Mississippi ) is an American Delta blues guitarist .
Dennis Booth ( born 9 April 1949 in Stanley Common , England ) is an English footballer and coach currently working with the UK Football Finder team .
Jan Schaffrath ( born March 16 , 1971 in Berlin ) is a German directeur sportif for UCI ProTeam Omega Pharma - Quick Step and former professional road bicycle racer .
Born in Gračanica , SR Bosnia and Herzegovina , SFR Yugoslavia , Mitar Lukić started his playing career at a local club NK Bratstvo Gračanica .
Lawrence Calcagno ( 1913 - -1993 ) was a San Francisco Bay area abstract expressionist painter .
Thomas Lux was born in Northampton , Massachusetts , son of a milkman and a Sears & Roebuck switchboard operator , neither of whom graduated from high school .
Louis Even ( March 23 , 1885 , Montfort - sur - Meu -- September 27 , 1974 ) was a lay Christian leader and publisher who founded the social credit movement in Quebec .
Demián Flores Cortés ( Juchitán de Zaragoza , Oaxaca ; 1971 ) is a contemporary Mexican artist who works in multiple media .
Albuquerque was born in 1867 in Recife , Pernambuco , the son of Dr. José Joaquim de Campos de Medeiros e Albuquerque .
John of Moscow also known as Blessed John the Fool for Christ was born on the outskirts of Vologda in Russia .
Eduard Schlagintweit ( 23 March 1831 - 1866 ) was the third of the five Schlagintweit brothers of Munich .
Lars Fredrik Risp ( born 15 December 1980 in Lysekil ) is a retired Swedish professional footballer who last played for Achna FC in Cyprus .
Pamela Tiffin Wonso was born in Oklahoma City to Stanley and Grace Wonso and grew up in Chicago , where she achieved success as a teen model .
Matteo Barzini is an Italian filmmaker and producer born in Rome in 1981 and raised in Los Angeles , California .
Burger Lambrechts ( born 3 April 1973 in Phalaborwa ) is a South African shot putter .
Born in 1756 , James Athol Wood was the third son of Alexander Wood ( died 1778 ) of Burncroft , Perthshire .
Cristian Moreni ( born November 21 , 1972 in Asola ) is an Italian former road racing cyclist who rode for Cofidis , le Crédit par Téléphone in the UCI ProTour .
Dieter Meier ( born 4 March 1945 , Zürich ) is a Swiss musician and conceptual artist .
John Stevens Cabot Abbott ( September 19 , 1805 -- June 17 , 1877 ) , an American historian , pastor , and pedagogical writer , was born in Brunswick , Maine to Jacob and Betsey Abbott .
Maurice Whittle ( born 15 July 1948 in Wigan , Lancashire , England ) , is an English footballer who played as a left back in the Football League .
Jean - Pierre Hubert ( May 25 , 1941 in Strasbourg -- May 1 , 2006 in Wissembourg ) was a science fiction and detective fiction author .
Xavier Picard ( born 1962 , Reims ) is a French animation director .
Governor Trimble was born Hugh Allen Trimble in Augusta County , Virginia to James Trimble , Revolutionary War veteran , and Jane Allen Trimble .
Jefferson Gottardi ( born January 13 , 1976 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra , died September 4 , 2003 ) was a Bolivian footballer .
Renato Rocha ( born 4 July 1975 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian guitarist who plays for Detonautas Roque Clube .
Jean - Michel Savéant ( born September 19 , 1933 in Rennes ) is a French chemist specialized in electrochemistry .
Leslie Andrews ( Phoenix , Arizona , United States , August 18 , 1981 ) is an American motion picture and television actress .
Jennifer Bolande ( born 1957 , Cleveland , Ohio ) is an American artist known for work that spans a variety of different media , from photography to sculpture and includes filmic elements .
Randy Weston ( born April 6 , 1926 , in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American jazz pianist and composer of Jamaican parentage .
Hans - Werner Moser ( born 24 September 1965 in Kusel ) is a German football coach and a former player who was last managing SV Wehen Wiesbaden .
Angela Gerekou ( Greek : Άντζελα Γκερέκου ) is a Greek politician , actress and architect born in Corfu , in the Ionian Sea , on April 15 , 1959 .
Mark Turgeon was born and raised as one of five children in Topeka , Kansas .
Božo Bakota ( 5 October 1950 -- 1 October 2015 ) was a Croatian footballer who throughout his entire professional football career played only for two football clubs , NK Zagreb and SK Sturm Graz .
Jon Monday ( born 1947 in San Jose , California ) is an American producer and distributor of CDs and DVDs across an eclectic range of material such as Swami Prabhavananda , Aldous Huxley , Christopher Isherwood , Huston Smith , Chalmers Johnson , and Charles Bukowski .
Johannes Govertus de Man ( May 2 , 1850 in Middelburg -- January 9 , 1930 in Middelburg ) , was a Dutch biologist .
Tessa Bonhomme ( born July 23 , 1985 in Sudbury , Ontario ) is a Canadian hockey player and television sports reporter .
The son of Ernest and Barbara Bowie , Nate Bowie grew up in Kansas City , Kansas .
Charles Heslop ( 8 June 1883 in Thames Ditton , England -- 13 April 1966 ) was a British actor .
Erik de Bruin ( born 25 May 1963 in Hardinxveld - Giessendam , Zuid - Holland ) is a retired Dutch discus thrower and shot putter .
Gustav Adolf Neuber ( 24 June 1850 -- 13 April 1932 ) was a German surgeon born in Tondern ( today- Tønder , Denmark ) .
Giorgio Poggi ( born 26 August 1981 in Albenga ) is an Italian sailor who specializes in the Finn class .
Lacey Schwimmer grew up in a Mormon ( The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ) household in Redlands , California .
Fisher Kondowe ( born November 6 , 1976 in Blantyre ) is a Malawian football ( soccer ) player who currently plays for Big Bullets .
Robert Nazaryan ( Armenian : Ռոբերտ Նիկոլայի Նազարյան ; born June 26 , 1956 in Yerevan ) is an Armenian politician , and former mayor of Yerevan .
Spencer Leigh Hughes was born at Trowbridge in Wiltshire , the son of the Reverend James Hughes , a Wesleyan minister .
Ercan Oezcelik ( Ercan Özçelik ) ( born 1967 in Ordu , Turkey ) is an actor and a German citizen .
Saidi Ntibazonkiza ( born May 1 , 1987 in Bujumbura ) is a Burundian footballer , who play with Caen .
Mary Lilly ( - October 11 , 1930 ) was a Progressive era activist who had a prominent role in New York City 's social reform movements during the last decades of the 19th Century and early decades of the 20th Century .
Albert Hotopp was born in what he would later describe as a `` grey quarter of Berlin , on the east side of town , just beyond the city limits '' .
Charles Petzold ( born February 2 , 1953 , New Brunswick , New Jersey ) is an American programmer and technical author on Microsoft Windows applications .
Insooni was born to an African - American father and a South Korean mother in April 1957 in Pocheon , Gyeongi Province , and her upbringing was fraught with difficulties from discrimination against minorities which was severe during this time in South Korea .
Zeishan Quadri is an Indian writer , actor , director and producer who wrote the story and co - wrote the screenplay for the Bollywood crime genre film Gangs of Wasseypur , directed by Anurag Kashyap .
Deborah Cox was born in Toronto to parents of Afro - Guyanese descent , grew up in Scarborough , Toronto and attended John XXIII Catholic Elementary School and Earl Haig Secondary School .
Richard Luke Lawton ( born August 26 , 1980 in New Iberia , Louisiana ) is a former American football fullback .
Zdeněk Mácal ( Czech pronunciation : ( maːtsal ) ; born 8 January 1936 , Brno , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech conductor .
Kostas Kaiafas ( born 22 September 1974 in Nicosia ) is Cypriot former football player and manager who is currently the manager of AC Omonoia .
Nita Ing ( 殷琪 ; born March 17 , 1955 , in Taipei ) is the Taiwanese - born American president of Continental Engineering Corporation and the former chairman of the board of the Taiwan High Speed Rail Corporation , the company which built a high - speed railway system from Taipei to Kaohsiung .
Ulrike Louise of Solms - Braunfels ( 1 May 1731 in Hungen , Landgraviate of Hesse - Darmstadt -- 12 September 1792 in Bad Homburg ) was a Countess of Solms - Braunfels by birth , and by marriage a Landgravine of Hesse - Homburg .
Frederik Ruysch was born in The Hague as the son of a government functionary and started as a pupil of druggist .
Sherry Bryce ( born May 28 , 1946 in Duncanville , Alabama ) is an American country music artist .
Vicky Exley ( born 22 October 1975 ) is an English former international footballer from Rotherham in South Yorkshire .
In 2012 Thomas Neir joined the board of Seattle Tilth , and was appointed to Kirkland , Washington 's Transportation Commission in 2009 and is currently Vice Chair .
Cynthia Bathurst ( born in Birmingham , Alabama ) is an animal welfare advocate , winner of a national veterinary award , and founder and director of Safe Humane Chicago , a nonprofit which includes the first of its kind Court Case Dog Program .
Daniela Kotschová ( born September 19 , 1985 in Poprad ) is a Slovak cross - country skier .
Arzu Ece ( born Arzu Özkaraman ; 1963 , Istanbul ) , known as `` Ece '' , is a Turkish singer , best known for her participation in the Eurovision Song Contests of 1989 and 1995 .
Anton Heimerl ( 15 February 1857 , Budapest - 4 March 1943 ) was an Austrian botanist .
Marcelo Madureira is the stage name of Marcelo Barreto Garmatter ( Curitiba , May 24 , 1958 ) , a Brazilian comedian .
Diana Navarro Ocaña ( Málaga , 21 April 1978 ) , better known as Diana Navarro , is a Spanish singer .
Cornelis de Zeeuw ( 1540s -- 1570s ) was a Flemish painter from Antwerp active in England .
Calista Flockhart was born in Freeport , Illinois , the daughter of Kay , an English teacher , and Ronald Flockhart , a Kraft Foods executive .
Dianne Houston ( born July 22 , 1954 in Washington , D.C. ) is an African - American film director , producer and screenwriter .
Gui Boratto ( born 1974 in São Paulo ) is a Brazilian electronic music producer .
Giannis Firinidis , ( Greek : Γιάννης Φιρινίδης ; born 1 July 1983 in Katerini , Pieria , is a Greek professional football player . He is currently playing as a Goalkeeper for Kavala .
Algimantas Liubinskas ( born 4 November 1951 in Kybartai ) is a Lithuanian politician and former manager of the Lithuania national football team and last time he is the head coach of FC Kaisar in the Kazakhstan Premier League .
Jeannie Pepper ( born July 9 , 1958 in Chicago , Illinois ) , is a pornographic actress .
Johann Brotan was born in Klattau , now Klatovy in the Czech Republic .
Edoardo Catinali ( born 16 August 1982 in Naples ) is an Italian professional football player . Who currently plays a Ischia Isolaverde .
Born in Pindamonhangaba , São Paulo , Luiz Gustavo started his professional career at Corinthians Alagoano .
Born in Naples , Lina Sastri made her film debut in Il prefetto di ferro , in 1977 .
Davor Bernardić ( born 5 January 1980 ) is a Croatian politician and currently leader of the Zagreb SDP .
Nicolas Bodington was the son of Oliver Bodington international lawyer and Mary ( née Redner ) , he was born in Paris .
Paydin LoPachin ( January 18 , 1988 ) is an American actress born in Abilene , Texas .
James Spann ( born June 6 , 1956 in Huntsville , Alabama ) is a television meteorologist based in Birmingham , Alabama .
Daniel Döringer ( born 26 February 1991 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German footballer who currently plays for 1.FC Saarbrücken in the Regionalliga Südwest
Michael Mathieu ( born 24 June 1984 ) is a Bahamian sprinter from Freeport , Grand Bahama who specializes in 200 metres and 400 metres .
Janet Gunn ( nee Janet Lynn Fulkerson ) is an American actress who was born on November 2 , 1961 , in Fort Worth , Texas .
Paxson , a guard - forward born in Kettering , Ohio and the son of former NBA player Jim Paxson , Sr . , played college basketball at the University of Dayton .
Colette Bonheur is observed in the radio show The Phantom of the keyboard ( piano ) CKVL - FM ( Montreal ) , led by Jacques Normand , Gilles Pellerin and pianist Billy Munro in the late 1940s .
The youngest of the four children of William Martin Steinbeck and Lily Clarissa ( née Batten ) , Muriel Steinbeck was born in Broken Hill , New South Wales , where her father was working as a headmaster .
Freddie Pendleton ( born January 5 , 1963 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is a retired professional boxer in the lightweight ( 135 lb ) division .
Baron Franz Xaver von Zach ( Franz Xaver Freiherr von Zach ) ( 4 June 1754 -- 2 September 1832 ) was a Hungarian astronomer born at Pest , Hungary ( now Budapest in Hungary ) .
Stephen Sung Lin Yung ( born 7 May 1965 in Tianjin ) is a retired Chinese football player who represented the Hong Kong football team .
Richard Rompala was born in 1947 to a working class family on Pittsburgh 's strongly Eastern European South Side .
Piero Capponi ( 1447 -- September 25 , 1496 ) was an Italian statesman and warrior from Florence .
Peter Dobson ( born July 19 , 1964 , Red Bank , New Jersey ) is an American actor who has starred in the films Sing , The Frighteners , Drowning Mona , The Poseidon Adventure and Last Exit to Brooklyn .
Marsha Ambrosius is an English singer - songwriter from Liverpool , England .
Stewart McKimmie ( born 27 October 1962 ) is a Scottish former professional footballer , who predominantly played for home town club Aberdeen .
Ante Rožić ( born 8 March 1986 in Bankstown , New South Wales ) is a Croatian football ( soccer ) player who plays for Suphanburi FC in the Thai Premier League .
Saadet Aksoy has been in the juries of such film festivals as Cairo International Film Festival , Sarajevo Film Festival and Istanbul Film Festival .
Rosalie Sorrels ( born June 24 , 1933 ) is an American folk singer - songwriter who resides in the mountains near Boise , Idaho .
Charles Umlauf ( July 17 , 1911 -- 1994 ) was an American sculptor and teacher who was born in South Haven , Michigan .
Dominique Michel , OC , CQ ( born September 24 , 1932 in Sorel - Tracy , Quebec as Aimée Sylvestre ) is a Quebec comedian , actress , singer and artist .
Sydney Camm was born at 10 Alma Road in Windsor , Berkshire , the eldest child of the twelve children of Frederick Camm , a carpenter / joiner and Mary Smith .
Dudley Mason was born into a simple family in Surbiton .
Lon Satton ( born 1929 , Philadelphia . U.S. ) is an actor and composer mostly known in Britain .
Sophie Falkiner ( born 20 March 1974 in Melbourne ) is an Australian television presenter .
Born Christine Elise McCarthy in Boston , Massachusetts , the daughter of artists , she graduated from the Boston Latin School in 1983 .
Samantha Cameron 's birth was registered in Paddington , London .
Bruno Junqueira ( born November 4 , 1976 in Belo Horizonte ) is a Brazilian race car driver that most recently competed in the IRL IndyCar Series .
Pirjo Muranen ( née Manninen , born March 8 , 1981 in Rovaniemi ) is a retired Finnish cross - country skier .
Koen van de Laak ( born 3 September 1982 in Vught ) is a Dutch football player who is currently a free agent .
Tsjibbe Gearts van der Meulen ( May 6 , 1824 -- March 16 , 1906 ) was a West Frisian - language writer and poet from the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland .
Jimmy Kamghain ( born 3 July 1992 , Avignon ) is a French footballer , who is currently playing for Belgian side Roeselare on loan from Kortrijk .
Aracy Balabanian ( born February 22 , 1940 in Campo Grande ) is a Brazilian actress of Armenian origin .
Timothy Bond ( born 1942 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a Canadian director and screenwriter .
Ivan Jurić ( born 25 August 1975 in Split ) is a Croatian former footballer who is the current manager of Crotone .
Born in Messina , Sicily , Santi Visalli left Italy in 1956 to begin a three - year journey around the world by jeep that ultimately landed him in New York City .
The army transport USAT General Maurice Rose , the Rose Medical Center in Denver , Colorado , and the MG Maurice Rose United States Armed Forces Reserve Center in Middletown , CT are named in his honor .
Johann Smith ( born April 25 , 1987 in Hartford , Connecticut ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for FC Edmonton in the North American Soccer League as a forward , winger , and left back .
Jana Galíková - Hlaváčová ( born 22 January 1963 in Brno ) is an orienteering competitor who competed for Czechoslovakia .
Ali Al - Khaibari ( Arabic : علي الخيبري ; born 2 February 1990 in Sakakah ) is a Saudi football player who currently plays for Al - Nassr .
Born Farhana Tasmin Lucia - Khan in London , she is of Bangladeshi descent .
Jana Horáková ( born September 24 , 1983 in Prostějov ) is a Czech professional BMX cyclist .
Grigory Victorovich Lepsveridze ( Russian : Григо́рий Ви́кторович Лепсверидзе , Georgian : გრიგორი ვიქტორის-ძე ლეფსვერიძე ) known as Grigory Leps ( born 16 July 1962 in Sochi ) , is a Russian singer - songwriter of Georgian origin .
Dick Van Dyke was born on December 13 , 1925 , in West Plains , Missouri , to Hazel Victoria ( née McCord ; 1896 - -1992 ) , a stenographer , and Loren Wayne Van Dyke ( 1900 - -1976 ) , a salesman .
Sylvia Garcia ( born 29 June 1987 in Chile ) , more commonly known as Jena Lee , is a French singer .
Mary McGuckian ( born 27 May 1963 ) is a film director , producer and screenwriter from Northern Ireland .
Dominik Kuhn was raised in Reutlingen and took his Abitur in 1989 .
Born in Kassel , Julius Jacob von Haynau was the illegitimate son of Rosa Dorothea Ritter , and William I ( 1743 - 1821 ) , the landgrave ( later elector ) of Hesse - Kassel .
Hanna Johansen , born Hanna Margarete Meyer ( 17 June 1939 in Bremen ) , is a Swiss writer .
Maximilian de Angelis was born as an officer 's son on October 2 , 1889 in Budapest .
Kostyantyn Morozov was born in a village of Lozova Pavlivka ( today part of Brianka city , Luhanska Oblast ) on June 3 , 1944 in a family of a mine electrician and a school teacher .
Harold Laski was born in Manchester on 30 June 1893 to Nathan Laski and Sarah Laski ( born Frankenstein ) .
Michael Mak Kwok - fung ( simplified Chinese : 麦国风 ; traditional Chinese : 麥國風 ) ( born 23 August 1955 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Kong politician .
Arnold Marquis was born in Dortmund on 6 April 1921 as the son of a banker .
Dana Frankfort ( born 1971 , Houston , Texas ) is an artist based in New York and a painting professor at Boston University College of Fine Arts .
Françoise Mouly ( born 1955 ) is a Paris - born New York - based designer , editor , and publisher .
Stan Pilecki ( born 4 February 1947 in a refugee camp in Augustdorf , Germany ) is a former Australian Rugby Union player with Polish roots .
Otto Canella ( born c. 1070 , died before 1143 ) was Consul of the Republic of Genoa in 1133 , and an ancestor of the House of Grimaldi , the family that currently rules Monaco .
Jerry Vainisi was the general manager and executive vice president of the Chicago Bears and is current chairman / CEO , as well as the former owner , of Forest Park National Bank & Trust Co.
Archie Fisher was born in Glasgow on 23 October 1939 into a large singing family .
Janne Lindberg ( born 24 May 1966 in Kuusankoski ) is a Finnish former professional footballer managing Finnish fourth - tier side Sudet .
Boris Yeltsin was born in the village of Butka , Talitsky District , Sverdlovsk , USSR , on 1 February 1931 .
Wang Shenchao ( Chinese : 王燊超 ; pinyin : Wáng Shēnchāo ; born 8 February 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Poon Yiu Cheuk ( Chinese : 潘耀焯 ; Jyutping : pun1 jiu6 coek3 , born 19 September 1977 in Hong Kong ) is a retired Hong Kong professional football left - back .
Jan Kiesser ( born Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a cinematographer who won a Leo Award for the 2006 film Fido and many other nominations including Primetime Emmy Award .
Giovanni Cinqui or Giovanni del Cinque ( Scarperia , 1667 -1743 ) was an Italian painter .
Genta Masuno ( Japanese : 増野 元太 ; born 24 May 1993 in Hakodate ) is a Japanese athlete specialising in the 110 metres hurdles .
Aivaras Baranauskas ( born April 6 , 1980 in Alytus ) is a retired Lithuanian professional track cyclist .
Ludwig von Henk ( March 4 , 1820 , Anklam -- October 17 , 1894 ) was a German naval officer , who distinguished himself in the Prussian Navy and later in the Imperial German Navy of the German Empire .
Frank Buchman was born in Pennsburg , Pennsylvania , United States , the son of a wholesale liquor salesman and restaurateur and a pious Lutheran mother .
John Rubens Smith ( January 23 , 1775 -- August 21 , 1849 ) was a London - born painter , printmaker and art instructor who worked in the United States .
Queenie Thomas ( 1898 - -1977 ) was a British actress , born in Cardiff , Wales , on 18 June 1898 and died on 11 October 1977 .
Elka Graham ( born 20 October 1981 ) , now known by her married name Elka Whalan , is an Australian former competition swimmer who swam in the 2000 Sydney Olympics and 2004 Athens Olympics .
Abdul Waheed Kakar was born on 20 March 1937 at Peshawar , British India ( now Pakistan ) .
Vakkom Majeed ( born S. Abdul Majeed ; Malayalam : വക്കം മജീദ് ; 20 December 1909 -- 10 July 2000 ) was an Indian freedom fighter , politician and a former member of the Travancore - Cochin State Assembly .
Born in Honolulu , Hawaii , Mamo Clark sailed to the mainland United States on the SS Malolo on July 1 , 1933 with her stepmother May Kaaolani Clark and father Joseph Kealakaimana Clark .
Ermolao Barbaro was born in Venice , the son of Zaccaria Barbaro , and the grandson of Francesco Barbaro .
Johann Rihosek was born in Maków Podhalański , Galicia , in modern - day Poland on 5 June 1869 .
Sergei Sviatchenko ( born 1952 in Kharkiv ) is a Ukrainian - born artist who has lived in Denmark since 1990 .
Pierre Bastien ( born 1953 in Paris ) is a French musician , composer , and experimental musical instrument builder .
Rainer Forst ( born August 15 , 1964 , Wiesbaden ) is a German philosopher and political theorist , and was named the `` most important political philosopher of his generation '' in 2012 , when he won the Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz Prize .
Freddie Keppard ( sometimes rendered as Freddy Keppard ) ( February 27 , 1889 -- July 15 , 1933 ) was an early jazz cornetist who once held the title of `` King '' in the New Orleans jazz scene .
Susana Escobar ( born December 13 , 1987 in Guanajuato , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican swimmer and Olympian .
Dr. Ernst Thomke was born on 21 April 1939 in Biel / Bienne Canton of Berne , on the Franco - German linguistic border .
Duduka da Fonseca , born Eduardo Moreira da Fonseca ( Rio de Janeiro , March 31 1951 ) is a Brazilian jazz musician and drummer .
Nadine Capellmann ( born in Würselen on July 9 , 1965 ) is a German equestrian who has won been a part of two gold medalist teams in Team dressage .
Ralph Votapek ( born 1939 in Milwaukee , Wisconsin ) is an American pianist notable for winning the First Van Cliburn International Piano Competition in 1962 .
Edgar Gabriel Balbuena Adorno or , simply , Edgar Balbuena ( born 20 November 1980 in Capiatá ) is a Paraguayan footballer .
Fahmida Riaz was born on 28 July 1946 in a literary family of Meerut , Uttar Pradesh , India .
Big Shug ( born Cary Guy ) is a hip hop artist and actor from Boston , Massachusetts , and a member of the Gang Starr Foundation collective .
Joachim Kirst ( born 21 May 1947 , in Neustadt / Harz ) is a retired East German decathlete .
Lamia Chafei Seghaier , ( born 4 May 1968 in Tunis ) , is an Tunisian engineer and politician .
Miguel Primo de Rivera was born into a landowning military family of Jerez de la Frontera .
Lisa Angelle ( New Orleans , Louisiana ) is an American country music singer - songwriter .
Hassoma Bino Bamba ( born 21 December 1990 in Bondoukou ) is an Ivorian footballer who plays for Apollon 1926 in the Greek Football League as a defensive midfielder .
David Sandlin was born in 1956 , in Belfast , Northern Ireland , of an Northern Irish mother and American father , who had met and married in Belfast during the Second World War .
Nikolay Atanasov ( Bulgarian : Николай Атанасов ; born 11 December 1974 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian long jumper .
Jorge Mas Canosa was born into a religious , middle - class family in Santiago de Cuba , Cuba on Sept. 21 , 1939 .
Tiffany Shepis ( born September 11 , 1979 ) is an American actress from New York City , who has been involved in film - making since the age of 12 .
Valeria Bystritskaia ( born 20 June 1986 in Moscow , Soviet Union ) is a German beauty queen , model and actress .
Maya Lauqué was born in Bayonne in the department of Pyrénées - Atlantiques , the daughter of Henri Lauqué , presenter of the committee of the Fêtes de Bayonne .
Michel Danino was born in 1956 at Honfleur ( France ) into a family which had emigrated from Morocco .
Jan Mládek ( born June 1 , 1960 , Jindřichův Hradec , Czechoslovakia ) is a Czech economist and politician ( ČSSD ) .
Petr Placák ( born 8 January 1964 in Prague ) , also known under pseudonym Petr Zmrzlík , is a Czech writer .
Kyle Seeback ( born August 19 , 1970 ) is a Canadian lawyer , who was elected as the member of parliament ( MP ) for Brampton West in the 2011 election .
Alfred Fowler , CBE FRS ( 22 March 1868 , in Yorkshire -- 24 June 1940 ) was an English astronomer .
Jérôme Le Banner was born in the French city of Le Havre , in the région of Normandy and began training in judo at the age of five .
Jean - Baptiste Chavannes ( around 1748 , Grande - Rivière - du - Nord -- 23 February 1791 , Cap - Français ) was a Haitian abolitionist and soldier .
Waylon Woolcock ( born 8 July 1982 in Middelburg ) is a South African professional mountain biker , riding for Team RE :
Steve Lombardi ( born April 18 , 1961 ) is an American semi - retired professional wrestler and road agent , better known by his ring name , the Brooklyn Brawler .
Sir George Elliot , 1st Baronet , JP ( 18 March 1814 -- 23 December 1893 ) was a self - made businessman from Gateshead in the North - East of England .
Craig Midgley ( born 24 June 1976 in Bradford , England ) is an English footballer who is a striker .
Richard Lewis Springthorpe ( later known as Rick Springfield ) was born on 23 August 1949 in Merrylands , a western suburb of Sydney .
Barbara Nadalin ( December 22 , 1972 in San Vito al Tagliamento - July 14 , 2012 in Udine ) was an Italian slalom canoer who competed from the late 1980s to the early 2000s .
Antonio Kim Ciccarelli ( Naples 23 February 1974 ) , is an economist and Italian businessman
Dramane Kamaté ( born August 31 , 1985 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a professional footballer who currently plays for Andorra CF in the Spanish Third Division Group 17 .
Luke Folwell ( born 15 May 1987 ) is an English gymnast from Northampton .
Didier Astruc ( born in Versailles ) carried out his studies in chemistry in Rennes .
John Coggeshall , the son of John and Ann ( Butter ) Coggeshall , was born and raised in northeastern Essex , England , being baptized at Halstead .
Eli Zizov ( Hebrew : אלי זיזוב‎ ; born 30 January 1991 in Beersheba ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Maccabi Kiryat Gat .
Maciej Stachowiak was born in Koszalin , Poland to Anna and Grzegorz Stachowiak , both of whom were educated as engineers in Poland .
Charles W. Sandford was born in Newark , New Jersey to William B. Sandford , a farmer and veteran of the American Revolutionary War , on May 5 , 1796 .
Luca Brandolini was born in Monte Compatri , and entered the Congregation of the Mission , more commonly known as the Lazarists , in October 1953 .
Michael Lorkowski ( born February 26 , 1955 in Hamburg ) is a former German football player and current manager .
Fred Smollan was born in Uitenhage , South Africa in 1908 to David Smollan and Mathilda Goldwater , the second of four brothers .
Aleksandr Troshchilo ( Belarusian : Аляксандар Трашчыла ; born January 16 , 1960 in Minsk , Belarusian SSR ) is a retired track and field sprinter from the Soviet Union , known for winning the bronze medal in the men 's 4x400 metres relay at the 1982 European Championships .
Mary Palmer ( 9 February 1716 -- 27 May 1794 ) , née Mary Reynolds , was an author from Devon , England , who wrote Devonshire Dialogue , once considered the `` best piece of literature in the vernacular of Devon '' .
Adnan Oktar was born in Ankara , Turkey , in 1956 , and raised there through his high school years , where he studied the works of Islamic scholars like Said Nursi , a Muslim Kurdish scholar who wrote Risale - i Nur , an extensive Qur'anic commentary which includes a comprehensive political and religious ideology .
Nihal Bhareti is a popular radio announcer with the Sri Lanka Broadcasting Corporation in Colombo .
Marc - Alain Ouaknin ( born March 5 , 1957 , in Paris ) , both a rabbi and a philosopher , he is the son of Rabbi Jacques Ouaknin ( b. 1932 , Marrakesh , Morocco ) and Eliane Erlich Ouaknin ( b. 1932 , Lille ; d. 2007 , Marseille . )
Juanita Wilson is an Irish director and writer from Dublin .
Edward Lamson Henry ( January 12 , 1841 -- May 9 , 1919 ) , commonly known as E.L. Henry , was an American genre painter , born in Charleston , South Carolina .
Luke Reynolds was born and raised in and around Cornwall Vermont in a geodesic dome that his parents built in 1970 .
Dale Kennington was born in Savannah , Georgia and has lived most of her life in Dothan , Alabama .
Robert Tjian ( Traditional Chinese : 錢澤南 ; born 1949 in Hong Kong ) is an Asian - American biochemist best known for his work on eukaryotic transcription .
Roland Jahn ( born on 14 July 1953 in Jena , Thuringia ) is a German journalist and former East German dissident who took office as Federal Commissioner for the Stasi Records in March 2011 .
Arthur Herbert Copeland ( June 22 , 1898 Rochester , New York -- July 6 , 1970 ) was an American mathematician .
Pascal Couchepin ( born 5 April 1942 in Martigny , Valais ) is a Swiss politician , former member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1998 - -2009 ) and President of the Confederation in 2003 and 2008 .
Peter Hehir ( born 1949 in Sydney ) is an Australian film and television actor .
J. T. Petty ( self - styled JT Petty , born February 28 , 1977 in Raleigh , North Carolina ) is an American dialogue video game writer .
Edmond Butler was born in Ireland and immigrated to the United States as a young man .
Georgios Gennimatas ( Greek : Γεώργιος Γεννηματάς , 1873 in Laconia -- ? ? ) was a Greek athlete .
Siren Sundby ( born 2 December 1982 in Lørenskog ) is a former Norwegian sailor .
Bryan Nickson Lomas ( born 30 June 1990 in Kuching , Sarawak ) is a former Malaysian diver .
Giacomo Boncompagni was born in Bologna , the son of Ugo Boncompagni and his mistress from Carpi , Maddalena Fulchini .
Jana Plodková ( sometimes Jana Plodek ; born 5 August 1981 , Jičín ) is a Czech actress .
Virginie de Clausade began her career on television presenting with Laurent Nicourt and Hervé Nicourt the short program Que dire ? on channel Paris Première during a few months .
Nina Mae McKinney was born in 1912 in the small town of Lancaster , South Carolina , to Georgia and Hal McKinney .
Carmen Mastren ( born Carmine Mastrandrea , 6 October 1913 -- 31 March 1981 ) was an American jazz guitarist , banjoist and violinist born in Cohoes , New York .
Leon Mettam ( born 9 December 1986 in Lincoln ) is an English footballer , who currently plays for Conference North side Tamworth , where he plays as a striker .
Baldassare Croce ( Bologna , 1558 - -November 8 , 1628 ) was an Italian painter , active during the late - Mannerist period , active mainly in and around Rome .
Reggie Diergaardt ( born September 9 , 1957 in Upington , Northern Cape ) is a Namibian politician and former member of the National Assembly of Namibia .
Landis Gores ( August 31 , 1919 -- March 18 , 1991 ) was an American architect , native to Cincinnati , Ohio .
Orsippus ( Greek : Ὄρσιππος ) was a Greek runner from Megara who was famed as the first to run the footrace naked at the Olympic Games and `` first of all Greeks to be crowned victor naked . ''
Kjetil Sælen ( born February 21 , 1969 ) is a Norwegian football referee from Bergen .
Jaroslav Augusta ( September 4 , 1878 in Humpolec - February 28 , 1970 in Banská Štiavnica ) was a Czechoslovakian painter , based in modern day Slovakia .
Porfirije Perić ( born July 22 , 1961 in Bečej ) is Metropolitan of Zagreb and Ljubljana of Serbian Orthodox Church .
Babul Supriyo was born and bred in Uttarpara , a small town on the banks of the Hooghly River in West Bengal .
Nick Moorcroft ( born 22 December 1978 in Chelmsford , Essex ) is an English screenwriter and film producer .
Faison was born in Harlem in New York City , the son of Shirley , a talent agent , and Donald Faison , a building manager .
Priit Narusk ( born 8 December 1977 , Võru ) is a retired Estonian cross - country skier .
Julie Rogers ( born Julie Rolls , 6 April 1943 , Bermondsey , London , England ) is an English pop singer .
Anton Weissenbacher ( born 20 January 1965 in Baia Mare ) is a former Romanian football right back , he was part of Steaua Bucureşti squad , which won the European Cup in 1986 , he also played the Intercontinental Cup final in the same year .
Panaetius ( /pəˈniːʃiəs/ ; Greek : Παναίτιος ; c. 185 - c. 110/109 BC ) of Rhodes was a Stoic philosopher .
Samuel Meekosha , born in Leeds , his family moved to Bradford when he was a baby , and Samuel always looked on that city as his home .
Born in Schiedam , he is the second son of Pieter van Vollenhoven , Sr . ( 1897 - -1977 ) and his wife Jacoba Gijsbertha Stuylingh de Lange ( 1906 - -1983 ) .
She was born Alicia Esteve Head in Barcelona , Spain .
Eddy Wauters ( born 12 July 1933 ) is the former chairman of Royal Antwerp Football Club .
Catherine Destivelle was born in Oran , in French Algeria , to French parents , Serge and Annie Destivelle .
Mildred Allen was born in Sharon , Massachusetts to MIT professor C. Frank Allen and Caroline Hadley Allen .
Suleyman Rustam was born on November 27 , 1906 in Novxanı village in family of a blacksmith .
Manfred Petz ( born 5 May 1961 in Mainz ) is a German former goalkeeper .
Emma Abbott was born in 1850 in Chicago , Illinois , the daughter of the struggling Chicago musician Seth Abbott and his wife Almira ( née Palmer ) .
Rigoberto Torres ( born 1960 ) is a sculptor who was born in Aguadilla , Puerto Rico and worked in New York City , before moving to Florida where he currently lives and works .
Fábio Braz do Nascimento or simply Fábio Braz ( born December 2 , 1978 in São Paulo ) is a football player .
Stephen Gregory Bier Jr. ( born March 6 , 1964 , Fort Lauderdale , Florida ) , formerly known by his stage name Madonna Wayne Gacy and by the nickname Pogo ( John Wayne Gacy 's clown name ) , is the former keyboard player for Marilyn Manson , from 1989 to 2007 .
André Brochu ( born 3 March 1942 Saint - Eustache ) is a poet , essayist and professor of Quebecois littérature .
Arsen Sykaj ( born 16 April 1990 in Shkodër ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a central defender for Besëlidhja Lezhë in the Albanian First Division .
Jacob Hufty ( died May 20 , 1814 ) was a U.S. Representative from New Jersey .
Bernard - Pierre Donnadieu studied theater and film at the Sorbonne Paris III and began his career in film at the age of 25 by making appearances with acclaimed directors .
Daniel Mauch ( ca . 1477 , Ulm -- 1540 , Lüttich ) was a late Gothic German sculptor .
Boris Shiryaev ( born October 27 ( November 7 ) , 1887 in Moscow , Russian Empire - died on April 17 , 1959 in San Remo , Italy ) was a Russian writer of the `` second wave '' of exile and a participant of the Russian apostolate in the Russian Diaspora .
Charles Portis was born in 1933 to Samuel Palmer and Alice Waddell Portis in El Dorado , Arkansas .
Michael Louden ( April 21 , 1964 -- September 4 , 2004 ) was born in Marblehead , Massachusetts and went on to become an actor .
Georgios Salamastrakis ( Greek : Γεώργιος Σαλαμαστράκης ; born on 21 December 1981 in Rhodes ) is a Greek footballer .
Jesús Padilla ( born March 3 , 1987 in San Jose , California ) is a Mexican American football player who plays as a striker for Cimarrones de Sonora in the Ascenso MX .
Miroslav Konštanc Adam , OP ( born August 2 , 1963 in Michalovce ) is a Slovak Roman Catholic priest since June 24 , 1995 , doctor of the canonical law since 2001 , appointed the rector of Angelicum on March 26 , 2012 ( installed on May 4 ) .
Shannon Rempel ( born November 26 , 1984 in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) is a Canadian speed skater .
Rolando Santiago Jácome Ponce , known simply as Santiago Jácome ( born April 4 , 1973 in Quito ) , is a retired Ecuadorian footballer who currently is the sporting director of LDU Quito .
Louis C. Camilleri ( born 1955 , Alexandria , Egypt ) is the Chairman of Philip Morris International .
Choo Hoey ( 朱晖 , born 20 October 1934 , Palembang , Sumatra ) is a Singaporean musician and conductor .
F'Murr or F'Murrr ( born March 31 , 1946 in Paris ) whose real name is Richard Peyzaret , is a French comics creator .
Born in Trabzon , Bahriye Üçok finished her primary education in Ordu and then graduated from Kandilli High School for Girls in Istanbul .
Ekaterina Bolshova ( Russian : Екатерина Серге́евна Большова ; born 4 February 1988 in Saint Petersburg ) is a Russian heptathlete .
Silvanus Bevan was born in 1691 in Swansea , into a prosperous Welsh Quaker family .
Tempestt Bledsoe ( born August 1 , 1973 , in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American actress .
Daiane Conterato ( born October 17 , 1990 in Porto Alegre ) is a Brazilian fashion model .
Eric Alfasi ( Hebrew : אריק אלפסי ; born 1970 , in Netanya , Israel ) is an Israeli professional basketball coach , and a former professional basketball player .
Franco Assetto ( 1911 in Turin - 1991 ) was an Italian sculptor and painter , who lived in the United States for much of his life .
Aleksey Zhemchuzhnikov was born in Pochep , Chernigov Governorate ( present - day Bryansk Oblast ) , a son of senator Mikhail Zhemchuzhnikov ( 1788 - -1865 ) and Olga Perovskaya ( 1799 - -1833 ) , a sister of Aleksey Konstantinovich Tolstoy 's mother .
Richard Parnell Habersham , born in Manhattan and raised in Harlem , is an African American actor in theatre and film and a real estate broker in New York City .
Maria Podgorbunskaya was born on February 1 , 1980 in Oskemen ( a.k.a . Ust - Kamenogorsk ) , East Kazakhstan where she earned a degree in English language from the Institute of Foreign Languages .
Alessandra Mastronardi ( born February 18 , 1986 in Naples ) is an Italian actress .
Cai Huikang ( Chinese : 蔡慧康 ; pinyin : Cài Huìkāng ; born 10 October 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Shanghai SIPG in the Chinese Super League .
Robert Keith Leavitt ( 1895 - -1967 ) was a Harvard - educated New York City advertising copywriter who turned to non - fiction writing .
Seydou Boro ( born February 20 , 1968 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé actor , dancer , and choreographer .
Adam F or Adam Fenton ( born 8 February 1972 , Liverpool , England ) is an English record producer and DJ who has worked across various genres .
Born in Brazzaville to a Congolese father and a mother from the Ubangi - Shari territory of Central African Republic , Zacharie Elenga initially had plans for the priesthood , but it is said that he had a fiery temperament and he was likely expelled from seminary by the priests .
Daryn Hinton born in Santa Monica , California , raised in the Hollywood entertainment industry .
Maximilian Hecker ( born July 26 , 1977 in Heidenheim an der Brenz ) is a German musician from Berlin , known for ethereal pop or dream pop music , similar to Radiohead , Sigur Rós , Tom Baxter and Nick Drake .
Algimantas Nasvytis ( born April 8 , 1928 , in Kaunas ) is a Lithuanian architect .
Little Crow was born at the Dakota settlement of Kaposia , near what is modern - day South St. Paul , Minnesota .
Roger Moore was born on 14 October 1927 in Stockwell , now part of the London Borough of Lambeth , in London .
Aco Stojkov ( Macedonian : Ацо Стојков , born 29 April 1983 in Strumica ) is a Macedonian international footballer who plays for Vardar .
Count Otto Wilhelm Königsmarck ( 5 January 1639 -- 5 September 1688 ) was a Swedish military officer from Minden .
Carl Gustaf Ekeberg ( June 10 , 1716 , Djursholm , Uppland -- April 4 , 1784 ) was a Swedish explorer who made several voyages to the East Indies and China as a sea captain .
Efrat Ungar was born in Jerusalem to Judith and Rabbi Uri Dasberg .
André Felippe Seixas Dias or simply André Dias ( born March 11 , 1981 in Montes Claros ) , is a striker .
Felipe Ehrenberg , artist , editor , essayist , professor and activist , was born in Tlacopac , Mexico City , in 1943 .
Balthasar Ferdinand Moll ( Innsbruck , Tirol 4 January 1717 -- Vienna 3 March 1785 ) was one of the most famous sculptors in Vienna during the height of the Baroque era ( after Georg Raphael Donner and Lorenzo Mattielli ) He came from a Tyrolean family of sculptors .
Rudolf Sturany ( 13 April 1867 , Vienna -- 28 February 1935 , Vienna ) was an Austrian zoologist who specialized in the field of malacology , the study of mollusks .
Valentine Green ( October 3 , 1739 -- July 29 , 1813 ) was a British engraver and print publisher . Green trained under Robert Hancock , a Worcester engraver , after which he moved to London and began working as a mezzotint engraver .
Antoni Viladomat i Manalt ( 20 March 1678 , Barcelona - 22 January 1755 , Barcelona ) was a Catalonian painter in the Baroque style .
After the Second World War , a street in the new Saint - Paul district of his birthplace of Caen was named rue Robert Tournières .
Rather than going to war , Helmichis , Rosamund and their followers escaped to Ravenna , the capital of Byzantine Italy , where they were received with full honours by the authorities .
Björn Söderberg , born April 1 , 1958 , was a Swedish union active syndicalist who was murdered in Sätra , Stockholm on October 12 , 1999 .
Josif Marinković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јосиф Маринковић ; Vranjevo , near Novi Bečej , 15 September 1851 -- Belgrade , 13 May 1931 ) was a Serbian choral director and primarily a composer of a prevalently lyrical sentience .
Adam Karl August von Eschenmayer ( 4 July 1768 , Neuenbürg -- 17 November 1852 , Kirchheim unter Teck ) was a German philosopher and physician .
Gustav Tornier ( Dombrowken ( today Dąbrowa Chełmińska , Poland ) , 9 May 1858 -- Berlin , 25 April 1938 ) was a German zoologist and herpetologist .
Edward James Roye ( February 3 , 1815 -- February 11 , 1872 ) served as the fifth President of Liberia from 1870 to his overthrow in 1871 and subsequent violent death .
Vladko Panayotov ( Bulgarian : Владко Тодоров Панайотов ) ( born 7 May 1950 , Pavlikeni ) is a scholar and Bulgarian member of the European Parliament and sits on the committee for the Environment , Public Health and Food Safety .
Charles John Seghers ( also written as Charles - Jean Seghers ; 26 December 1839 -- 28 November 1886 ) was a Belgian clergyman and missionary bishop .
Brigadier Mohammed Sani Sami was Governor of Bauchi State , Nigeria from January 1984 to August 1985 during the military regime of Major General Muhammadu Buhari .
Théodore Robitaille , PC ( 29 January 1834 -- 17 August 1897 ) was a Canadian physician , politician , and the fourth Lieutenant Governor of Quebec .
Together with his father and brother , Anárion was a leader of the Elendili or Faithful , the part of the Númenórean people that opposed the dark rule of king Ar - Pharazôn and his advisor Sauron .
John Joseph Cahill ( 21 January 1891 -- 22 October 1959 ) was Premier of New South Wales from 1952 to 1959 .
John W. Dawson ( October 21 , 1820 -- September 10 , 1877 ) was Governor of Utah Territory in 1861 .
Xiong Xianghui ( April 12 , 1919 -- September 9 , 2005 ) was a Chinese Communist spy during the Chinese Civil War , and later diplomat .
Emperor Ōgimachi ( 正親町天皇 Ōgimachi - tennō ) ( June 18 , 1517 -- February 6 , 1593 ) was the 106th Emperor of Japan , according to the traditional order of succession .
Maksim Stoykov ( Bulgarian : Максим Стойков ; born on 13 January 1991 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder .
Alain Goma ( born 5 October 1972 ) is a French retired footballer who played as a right back or a central defender .
Sherona Forrester ( born 4 November 1991 ) is a Jamaican international football midfielder .
Ebrahim Seedat ( born June 18 , 1993 in Cape Town , Western Cape ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays as a midfielder for Degerfors IF in the Swedish Superettan .
Leutrim Osaj ( born 29 March 1992 ) is an Albanian footballer , who plays as a midfielder for VfR Kandel in Germany .
Darran Kempson ( born 6 December 1984 in Blackpool , England ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Conference National side Alfreton Town .
Robert Keith Bryan Hird ( 25 November 1939 -- 1967 ) , known as Keith Hird , was an English footballer who played in the Football League as a goalkeeper for Sunderland and Darlington .
Steve Sims ( born 2 July 1957 in Lincoln , England ) is a former English football defender , probably most famous for his time at Watford .
Fadi Malke ( born 13 January 1986 ) is a Assyrian - Swedish footballer of Lebanese descent who plays as a defender and is a free agent after leaving his most recent club AFC United .
Matías Nahuel Leiva Esquivel ( born 22 October 1996 ) , known as Nahuel , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Villarreal CF as a right winger .
Laufey Ólafsdóttir is an Icelandic football midfielder who play in the Úrvalsdeild for Valur , with whom she has also played the Champions League .
Enrique Romaña ( born December 28 , 1988 ) , is a Colombian football defender , who plays for La Paz F.C. in Bolivia .
Sinan Bolat ( born 3 September 1988 ) is a Turkish football goalkeeper who plays for Club Brugge , on loan from Porto .
Breyton Paulse ( born 25 April 1976 in Koue Bokkeveld ) is a former South African rugby union player who played on the wing for the national team , the Springboks , from 1999 to 2007 .
Jakub Ficenec ( born February 11 , 1977 ) is a Czech - German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Luka Gajić ( born 6 May 1996 ) is a football forward from Slovenia who plays for Radomlje on loan from Olimpija .
Jeff Betts ( born March 8 , 1970 in Charles City , Iowa ) is a former U.S. soccer forward and coach who spent most of his career playing indoor soccer .
Sheriff Isa ( born 10 November 1990 in Sokoto , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian football midfielder , who played for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian First League .
Jasmyne Spencer ( born August 27 , 1990 ) is an American soccer forward currently playing for Orlando Pride of the NWSL .
Daniela Alves Lima ( born 12 January 1984 ) , commonly known as Daniela , is a former Brazilian football midfielder who played for professional clubs in Brazil , Sweden and the United States .
Simon Trevitt ( born 20 December 1967 ) is an English former professional footballer , born in Dewsbury , West Yorkshire , who played in the Football League as a defender for Huddersfield Town , Hull City and Swansea City .
Andrija Dragojević ( Cyrillic : Андрија Драгојевић ; born 25 December 1991 ) is a Montenegrin goalkeeper playing for Vllaznia Shkodër in the Albanian Superliga .
Abdoulaye Samaké ( born 29 April 1987 ) is an Malian professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper .
Ammar Al - Daheem ( Arabic : عمار الدحيم‎ ; born August 31 , 1993 ) is a Saudi football player who plays a defender for Hajer .
Dimitri Yachvili ( born 19 September 1980 in Brive - la - Gaillarde , Corrèze ) is a French former rugby union footballer who played as a scrum - half for Biarritz and France .
Adama Soumaoro ( born 18 June 1992 ) is a French association footballer who plays as a defender for Lille .
Emilee O'Neil ( née Shim ; born March 26 , 1983 ) is an American soccer midfielder and defender from Atlanta , Georgia .
Eddie Presland ( born 27 March 1943 ) is an English former footballer who played as a defender in England for West Ham United , Crystal Palace , Colchester United , Chelmsford City and Wealdstone and for Jewish Guild in South Africa .
Steven Lawless ( born 12 April 1991 ) is a Scottish professional footballer currently playing for Scottish Premiership side Partick Thistle as a left - sided winger .
Igor Sani ( born 28 December 1986 ) is a Guinea - Bissauan international footballer who plays for Portuguese team Loures , as a centre forward
Tad Willoughby ( born September 8 , 1960 ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who played four seasons in the Western Soccer Alliance and three in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Lasse Sobiech ( born 18 January 1991 ) is a German footballer who currently plays as a centre back for 2 .
Dejan Čabraja ( born 22 August 1993 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian football player who plays as a forward for NK Inter Zaprešić in the Prva HNL , on loan from NK Lokomotiva .
Robert Teah ( born on September 3 , 1982 ) is a Liberian football midfielder .
Hossein Bahrami ( Persian : حسین بهرامی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Iranian football club Esteghlal Ahvaz in the Iran Pro League .
Bogi Løkin is the son of former Faroese international midfielder Abraham Løkin , who is the former coach of ÍF Fuglafjørður .
Martin Paasoja ( born 4 January 1993 ) is an Estonian professional basketball player who plays as a point guard .
Ismail Watenga ( born 15 May 1995 ) is a Ugandan professional footballer , who plays as a goalkeeper for Vipers S.C ..
Christian Cellay ( born September 5 , 1981 ) is an Argentine football defender who plays for Mushuc Runa in Ecuador , as centre back or right back too .
Guilherme de Paula Lucrécio ( born 9 November 1986 ) , commonly known as Guilherme de Paula or simply Guilherme , is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Ethnikos Achna in the Cypriot First Division as forward .
Nathan Buddle ( born 29 September 1993 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Blyth Spartans .
Dimitar Yordanov ( Bulgarian : Димитър Йорданов ; 1 November 1929 -- 25 May 1996 ) , commonly known as Kukusha , was a Bulgarian footballer who played as a forward .
Eleílson Farias de Moura ( born 2 April 1985 in Nova Era , Minas Gerais ) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for China Super League club Jiangsu Sainty .
Ömer Toprak ( born 21 July 1989 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a centre back for German club Bayer Leverkusen and the Turkey national team .
Igors Labuts ( born 7 June 1990 ) , is a Latvian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for the Portuguese Segunda Liga club Atlético CP .
Daniel Miller Tenenbaum ( born 19 April 1995 ) , simply known as Daniel , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Flamengo as an goalkeeper .
Tony Hazell ( born 19 September 1947 in High Wycombe ) is an English former footballer who made 564 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Queens Park Rangers , Millwall , Crystal Palace and Charlton Athletic .
Brandon Sugden ( born June 23 , 1978 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey right winger .
Jonathan da Silva Oliveira ( born 10 July 1991 in Santa Maria da Feira ) , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for C.D. Feirense as a forward .
Alexej Jaškin ( born July 22 , 1965 ) is a Russian - born Czech former professional ice hockey defenceman .
Paulo Henrique Soares dos Santos ( born 10 July 1994 ) , simply known as Paulinho , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Portuguese club Farense as a winger .
Philippe Sauvé ( born February 27 , 1980 , in Buffalo , New York and raised in Joliette , Quebec ) is an American former professional ice hockey goaltender who last played with the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Stoyan Stavrev ( Bulgarian : Стоян Ставрев ; born 7 December 1975 ) is a former Bulgarian football goalkeeper , and currently the goalkeeping coach at Cherno More Varna .
Adrian Pulis ( born 30 March 1979 in Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Gozo Football League First Division side Nadur Youngsters , where he plays as a defender .
Kristian Kirk ( born 30 July 1986 ) is a Danish former professional football goalkeeper , who last played for Næsby BK .
Joris Gnagnon ( born 13 January 1997 ) is a French footballer who plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Stade Rennais .
Martin Horsell ( born 10 December 1986 ) is an English professional football goalkeeper , currently playing for Hereford having previously played in the football league for Torquay United .
Giorgio Gorgone ( Rome , 18 August 1976 ) is an Italian player in the role of midfielder , currently campaigning in Triestina .
Mateusz Łuczak ( born 13 March 1990 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for II Liga club Gryf Wejherowo
Chan Vathanaka ( Khmer : ចាន់ វឌ្ឍនាកា ; born 23 January 1994 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Boeung Ket Angkor and the Cambodia national team as an attacking midfielder .
Joe Roff ( born in Melbourne 20 September 1975 ) is a retired Australian rugby union footballer and a product of the Tuggeranong Vikings Rugby Union Club in Canberra , who played on the wing or at fullback for Brumbies and Australia and played 5 tests as a centre in the early part of his test career .
Rémi Royer ( born February 12 , 1978 in Donnacona , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who plays for Rivière - du - Loup CIMT in the Ligue nord - américaine de hockey .
Tal Ben Haim ( or Tal Ben Haim II , Hebrew : טל בן - חיים‎ ; born 5 August 1989 ) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv as a forward .
Mike Ammann ( born February 8 , 1971 , in Orange , California ) is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who played professionally in England and Major League Soccer .
Robert Wulnikowski ( born 11 July 1977 in Bydgoszcz ) is Polish - German football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Würzburger Kickers .
Manfred Schaefer ( born 12 February 1943 ) is a former association football defender .
Thomas Kevin Beattie ( born 18 December 1953 ) is an English former footballer , who played at both professional and international levels as a central defender .
Kenny McDevitt ( born 4 March 1929 , Liverpool ) is an English footballer who played for as a winger for Tranmere Rovers and Rhylbbbbb .
Ronan Carolino Falcão ( born 7 May 1985 ) , simply known as Ronan , is a Brazilian - born naturalized Equatoguinean football , who plays for Serrano - BA as a central defender .
Mathieu Inthasane ( born June 8 , 1986 in Tours , France ) is a football goalkeeper who currently plays for CFA 2 side Sézanne .
José Roberto da Silva Júnior ( born 6 July 1974 ) , commonly known as Zé Roberto , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a left wing back or as a midfielder .
Farshad Bahadorani ( Persian : فرشاد بهادرانی‎‎ , born August 28 , 1982 ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Zob Ahan in the Iran Pro League .
Laura Luís ( born 15 August 1992 ) is a Portuguese football forward playing for MSV Duisburg .
Vlado Bozinovski ( born 30 March 1964 ) is an Australian retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder .
Suad Liçi ( born 24 March 1974 in Shkoder ) is an Albanian football midfielder who last played for KS Vllaznia Shkoder in 2008 - 2009 season in the Albanian Superliga before retiring .
Franck Kom ( born 18 September 1991 ) , is a Cameroonian footballer who plays for Étoile du Sahel in Tunisia as a midfielder .
Fejiro Okiomah ( born November 10 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for San Antonio FC .
Amadou Séré ( born 30 December 1987 in Ouagadougou ) is a Burkinabé football ( soccer ) goalkeeper with Etoile Filante Ouagadougou of the Burkinabé Premier League .
Patrick Sylvestre ( born 1 September 1968 , in Bure , Switzerland ) is a retired Swiss football midfielder .
Ragnvald Soma ( born 10 November 1979 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a defender for his childhood club Frøyland Idrettslag .
Dimitar Aleksiev ( Bulgarian : Димитър Алексиев ; born 28 July 1993 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays for Lokomotiv GO as a forward .
Arnaud Noël Séka ( born 3 September 1984 ) is a Beninese international football player who plays professionally in Oman for Al - Nasr as a defender .
Dmytro Vladov ( Russian : Дмитрий Михайлович Владов ) , born 12 March 1990 in Zorya , Odessa Oblast ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for MFC Mykolaiv in the Ukrainian First League .
Merthan Açıl ( born 15 February 1982 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Adanaspor in the TFF First League .
Bernardo José Gandulla , better known as Bernardo Gandulla ( March 1 , 1916 -- July 7 , 1999 ) , was an Argentine football forward and head coach .
Ray Goodlett is a retired American soccer defender who spent one season in Major League Soccer with D.C. United .
Michele Ruzzier ( born February 9 , 1993 ) is an Italian basketball professional player who plays for Umana Reyer of the Italian Serie A as a point guard .
María Victoria Losada Gómez ( born 5 March 1991 ) , commonly known as Vicky Losada , is a Spanish football midfielder currently playing for the English FA WSL side Arsenal Ladies and Spain women 's national football team .
Mario Danailov ( Bulgarian : Марио Данаилов ) ( born 20 July 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Ludogorets Razgrad as a midfielder .
Petr Lukáš ( born 24 April 1978 in Prague ) is a Czech football defender who last played for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic .
Jonathan Caruana ( born 24 July 1986 in Malta ) is a professional footballer currently playing for Maltese Premier League side Valletta , where he plays as a defender .
Thomas Enevoldsen ( born 27 July 1987 in Aalborg ) is a Danish professional football midfielder , who currently plays for AaB where he has a contract running until June 2017 .
André Luciano da Silva , commonly known as Pinga ( born 27 April 1981 in Aracati ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for América - MG as an attacking midfielder .
Foued Kadir ( born 5 December 1983 ) is an Algerian football player who currently plays for Spanish club Real Betis and the Algeria national team as an attacking midfielder .
Patrick Boileau ( born February 22 , 1975 in Montreal , Quebec and raised in Blainville , Quebec ) is a Canadian former ice hockey defenceman .
Dmytro Stoyko ( born 3 February 1975 , Ukraine ) is a retired Ukrainian football goalkeeper .
Bill Andracki is a retired American soccer goalkeeper who had an extensive professional career playing both indoor and outdoor soccer .
Đorđe Đorđević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Ђорђевић ; born 7 March 1988 ) is a Serbian football midfielder who last played for Apolonia Fier in Kategoria Superiore .
Pāvels Doroševs ( born 9 October 1980 ) is a Latvian football goalkeeper , currently playing for the Azerbaijan Premier League club Neftchi Baku .
Ivan Brkić ( born 29 June 1995 in Koprivnica ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper , currently playing for Istra 1961 in the Prva HNL .
César Diop ( born November 10 , 1983 in Thiès ) is a Senegalese footballer who is currently plays for Étoile Sportive Pennoise in France , as a defensive midfielder .
Marius Johnsen ( born 28 August 1981 in Kristiansand ) is a Norwegian footballer defender .
Giannis Arabatzis ( Greek : Γιάννης Αραμπατζής ; born 28 May 1984 in Makrochori , Veria , Greece ) is a Greek professional footballer who plays for Football League club Kerkyra FC a goalkeeper .
Patrick Weiser ( born 25 December 1971 ) is a German former footballer who played as both a midfielder and defender .
John Chibuike ( born 10 October 1988 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays midfielder , he currently plays for Gaziantepspor in Süper Lig .
Deyan Velkov ( Bulgarian : Деян Велков ) ( born 28 March 1981 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for Dunav Ruse as a forward .
Edison Bilbao Zarate ( born 3 June 1987 ) is a Chilean football player that currently plays for Maltese Premier League club Balzan Youths as a midfielder .
Bismark Adjei - Boateng ( born 10 May 1994 ) , commonly known as Nana , is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays for Strømsgodset Toppfotball as a midfielder , on loan from Manchester City .
Hosny Adel Abdelrahman ( born December 11 , 1967 ) is a retired Egyptian football attacker .
Scott Cannon ( born July 22 , 1968 in Evansville , Indiana ) is an American former soccer defender who played three seasons in Major League Soccer , two in the American Professional Soccer League , three in the National Professional Soccer League and at least four in the USISL and USL .
Mike Kearney ( born 18 February 1953 ) is a footballer who played as a forward in the Football League for Shrewsbury Town , Chester City and Reading .
Jóannes Jakobsen ( born on 25 August 1961 ) is a former Faroese football defender , as well as musician and composer , having released three albums on the Faroe Islands and produced a number of albums for other artists .
Astou Traoré ( born 30 April 1981 in M'Bour , Senegal ) is a Senegalese women 's basketball power forward with Charleville - Mézières in France .
Tyler Turner ( born March 4 , 1996 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays as a defender for Orlando City SC of Major League Soccer .
Leo Kulinczenko is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the American Soccer League , National Soccer League of Chicago , the National Challenge Cup ( US Open Cup ) and the CONCACAF Champions Cup ( CONCACAF Champions League ) .
Nikolay Minkov ( Bulgarian : Николай Минков ; born 13 August 1997 in Varna ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dobrudzha Dobrich on loan from Cherno More Varna .
Chad Ashton ( born October 26 , 1967 in Denver , Colorado ) is a retired American soccer midfielder who spent one season in Major League Soccer , four in the American Professional Soccer League , six in the National Professional Soccer League and one in the Major Indoor Soccer League .
Chris Morman ( born December 19 , 1977 in Troy , Michigan ) is a retired American soccer defender .
Fernando Yamada ( Ribeirão Pires , 17 February 1979 ) is a former Brazilian goalkeeper .
Neil Thompson ( born 2 October 1963 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Denis Behan ( born 2 January 1984 ) is an Irish football coach and former player who played as a forward .
Darryl Westlake ( born 1 March 1991 ) is a footballer who plays as a defender for Kilmarnock .
Milan Basrak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милан Басрак ; born 24 December 1994 ) is a Swiss football forward of Serbian origin , who plays for Metalac Gornji Milanovac in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Arseni Comas Julià ( born 28 June 1961 in Sant Gregori , Girona , Catalonia ) is a retired Spanish football player who played as a defender with a number of different clubs , mostly at the second level of Spanish football .
Housain Al - Mogahwi ( born 28 January 1988 ) is a Saudi Arabian footballer who plays for Al Ahli SC as a as a midfielder and Saudi Arabia His preferred position is Central Attacking Midfield He is weighted 64 kg
Louis Horne ( born 28 May 1991 ) is an English footballer who plays as a defender for Harrogate Railway AFC in the Northern Premier League Division One North .
Graham Stanley ( 27 January 1938 -- 14 January 1997 ) was a footballer who played as a wing half in the Football League for Bolton Wanderers , Tranmere Rovers and Runcorn .
Aaron Nguimbat ( born March 13 , 1978 ) is a Cameroonian footballer who plays as a defender .
Dafne Schippers ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈdɑfnə ˈsxɪpərs ) ; born 15 June 1992 ) is a Dutch athlete , competing in heptathlon and the sprints .
Vladimir Niyonkuru ( born 21 July 1983 in Bujumbura ) is a Burundian goalkeeper with Azzam United in the Tanzanian Premier League in Tanzania .
Charles Woodson ( born October 7 , 1976 ) is a former American football cornerback and free safety .
Lee Lim - saeng ( born November 18 , 1971 ) is a former South Korean international footballer who played as a defender .
Axel Ngando ( born 13 July 1993 ) is a French footballer of Cameroonian descent who plays as a midfielder for French club SC Bastia and the France national under-21 football team .
Roger Albertsen ( 15 March 1957 -- 2 March 2003 ) was a Norwegian football midfielder .
Levan Korgalidze ( born 21 February 1980 ) is a Georgian midfielder , who currently plays for FC Metalurgi Rustavi .
Frank Macey ( 1894 -- 3 December 1973 ) was an English amateur footballer who played as a forward .
Charles Whiteley ( born 1885 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a winger .
Kit Zell is a retired American soccer forward who played one season in the North American Soccer League .
Gursel Veli ( Bulgarian : Гюрсел Вели Turkish : Veli Gürsel ) ( born 8 August 1982 ) is a Bulgarian football player of Turkish origin , currently playing for Vereya as a midfielder .
John Tlale ( born 15 May 1967 ) is a South African former footballer who played at both professional and international levels as a goalkeeper .
Marland Yarde ( born 20 April 1992 ) is a Saint Lucian - born English rugby union wing who plays for Harlequins .
Marcin Drajer ( born August 21 , 1976 in Poznań ) is a Polish footballer who plays in the position of defender .
Massimo Mauro ( born May 24 , 1962 in Catanzaro ) is an Italian politician and a former professional football player , who played as a midfielder .
Russell Milton ( born 12 January 1969 ) is an English former professional footballer , born in Folkestone , who played as a midfielder in the Hong Kong First Division League for Instant - Dict and scored 14 goals from 117 games in the Football League for Cheltenham Town .
Jordan Opoku ( born 8 October 1987 ) is a Ghanaian professional footballer , who currently plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Asante Kotoko and the Ghana national football team .
Petar Miloševski ( Macedonian : Петар Милошевски ; 6 December 1973 -- 13 March 2014 ) was a football goalkeeper from Macedonia .
Tomáš Kopecký ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈtomaːʃ ˈkopɛtskiː ) ; born February 5 , 1982 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey right winger .
Mamoutou Coulibaly ( born 23 February 1984 in Bamako ) is a Malian professional footballer currently playing for Bulgarian A Football Group club Cherno More Varna as a defender .
Massimo Colomba ( born 24 August 1977 in Villars - sur - Glâne ) is a Swiss footballer who played as goalkeeper .
Bacari Djaló ( born 12 August 1983 in Bissau ) is a Bissau - Guinean footballer who plays for Luxembourg club FC Titus Lamadelaine as a forward .
Saša Balić ( Serbian cyrillic : Саша Балић ; born 29 January 1990 in Kotor ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as a defender for Târgu Mureș in Romania .
Clifton Waugh ( born 10 September 1972 in Port Maria , St Mary , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican soccer defender who currently plays for Harbour View FC .
Mohd Ivan Yusoff ( born on 13 May 1982 ) is a former Malaysian footballer who plays as a midfielder .
Enrico Cardoso Nazaré ( born 4 May 1984 , in Belo Horizonte ) , commonly known as Enrico , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a attacking midfielder , under contract with Swedish club Huddinge IF .
Morten Thorsby ( born 5 May 1996 ) is a Norwegian midfielder who currently plays for Dutch Eredivisie side SC Heerenveen .
Johnath Marlone Azevedo da Silva ( born 2 April 1992 ) , commonly known as Marlone , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Brazilian Série A club Corinthians .
Elemér Kocsis ( 26 February 1910 - 6 October 1981 , in Romania ) was a Romanian football forward .
Siale Piutau ( born 13 October 1985 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a rugby union centre who represents Yamaha Jubilo in the Japanese Top League .
Dmytro Nyemchaninov ( Ukrainian : Дмитро Андрійович Нємчанінов ; born 27 January 1990 in Kyiv , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football defender .
Carlos Magno ( born 29 May 1997 ) is a football player who currently plays as midfielder for Pro Liga de Timor Leste club S.E. Gleno and Timor - Leste national football team .
María López Hidalgo , a.k.a . Marieta López , is a football midfielder currently playing for Atlético Madrid in Primera División .
Jorge López Montaña ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxoɾxe ˈlopeθ ) ; born 19 September 1978 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who plays as a right midfielder .
Tomas Urbonas ( born March 27 , 1992 in Molėtai , Lithuania ) is a Lithuanian professional basketball player , who plays for center position .
Phil Oreskovic ( pronounced Or - esh - ko - vich ; born January 26 , 1987 ) is a retired professional Canadian ice hockey defenceman .
Todor Barzov ( Bulgarian : Тодор Барзов ; born 21 February 1953 in Dolna Mitropoliya ) is a retired Bulgarian footballer who played as а midfielder .
Hamed Namouchi ( Arabic : حامد النموشي‎ , born 14 February 1984 in Cannes ) is a French - born Tunisian professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Lokomotiv Plovdiv in the Bulgarian A Football Group .
Jack Flynn ( 1875 - unknown ) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Walsall , Bristol City , Reading and West Ham United .
Pavel Kuka ( born 19 July 1968 in Prague ) is a former Czech football forward .
Oliver Stöckli ( born 28 December 1976 in Muri , Aargau ) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a goalkeeper throughout the 1990s and 2000s .
Mauricio Solís Mora ( born 13 December 1972 in Heredia ) is a retired Costa Rican professional footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
Jörg Stohler ( * 27 . August 1949 in Pratteln ) is a former Swiss international footballer who played as a defender during the 1970s and 1980s .
Matheus de Sales Cabral ( born 13 May 1995 ) , known as Matheus Sales , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Palmeiras as a Defensive midfielder
Juan Carlos Ablanedo Iglesias ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xwan ' karlos aβla'neðo ) ; born 2 September 1963 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Felipe Vaqueriza Rodríguez ( born 23 January 1975 in Madrid ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a central defender .
Jim van Fessem ( August 7 , 1975 in Tilburg ) is a retired Dutch football goalkeeper .
Vince Beck is a retired Scottish football ( soccer ) defender who spent twelve years in the American indoor leagues .
Willian Roberto de Farias ( born 6 June 1989 in Curitiba ) , known as Willian Farias , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Vitória , on loan from Cruzeiro .
Yannick Thoelen ( born 18 July 1990 is Belgian football ( soccer ) goalkeeper . He currently plays for Gent in the Belgian Pro League .
Stefano Pettinari ( born January 27 , 1992 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder or striker for Serie B club Vicenza .
Ricardo Sanabria Acuña ( born 31 October 1969 in San Lorenzo ) is a former Paraguay international footballer who played as a defender .
Muriel Gustavo Becker ( born February 14 , 1987 , in Novo Hamburgo ) , is a Brazilian goalkeeper who plays for Internacional , from Brazilian Serie A.
Iván Ania Cadavieco ( born 24 October 1977 in Oviedo , Asturias ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder , and the current manager of Caudal Deportivo .
Akselis Vairogs ( born November 8 , 1985 ) is a Latvian professional basketball player , who plays the shooting guard position .
Alberto González Pérez ( born 31 March 1983 in Ruente , Cantabria ) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a central defender .
Aurora Cecilia Santiago Cisneros ( born 19 October 1994 ) , commonly known as Cecilia Santiago , is a Mexican international footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Mexico women 's national team .
Danny Barber ( born May 17 , 1971 in Bellflower , California ) is a retired U.S. soccer midfielder who played one game with the MetroStars in Major League Soccer .
Daniel Offenbacher ( born February 18 , 1992 in Scheifling , Austria ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for Sturm Graz as midfielder .
Leon Benko ( born 11 November 1983 ) is a Croatian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for FK Sarajevo in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina and occasionally for the Croatia national football team .
Leonard Bisaku ( born 22 October 1974 in Zagreb , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian football midfielder who last played for the Columbus Crew in Major League Soccer .
Ander Garitano Urquizu ( born 26 February 1969 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left midfielder , and a current coach .
Jonathan Martins Pereira ( born 30 January 1986 in Bayonne ) is a French football defender who currently plays for Ligue 1 club Guingamp .
Éder Jordan Pereyra ( born June 17 , 1985 in Santa Cruz de la Sierra , Bolivia ) is a Bolivian footballer who currently plays goalkeeper for Real Potosí .
Siraj Nassar ( Arabic : سراج نصار‎ , Hebrew : סיראז ' נאסר‎ ; born 2 September 1990 ) is an Arab - Israeli football midfielder playing for Hapoel Tel Aviv in the Israeli Premier League .
Idrissa Laouali ( born September 11 , 1979 in Niger ) is a Nigerien football midfielder who plays for Gabon Championnat National D1 side Mangasport .
Matej Poplatnik ( born 15 July 1992 in Slovenia ) is a Slovenian footballer who last played as a forward for Montana in the Bulgarian A Football Group .
Ljubomir Fejsa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубомир Фејса , Rusyn : Любомир Фейса ; born 14 August 1988 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for Portuguese club Benfica and the Serbia national team .
Angelo Colombo ( born 24 February 1961 in Mezzago , Italy ) is a former Italian footballer who played for Milan as a midfielder , and was part of their European Cup victories in 1989 and 1990 .
James Caine ( 24 June 1908 -- 9 May 1971 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a central defender .
Mustafa Aşan ( born 11 September 1988 ) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Karşıyaka SK .
Souleymane Oulare ( born 16 October 1972 ) , is a Guinean former footballer who played as a forward .
Marco Balbul , ( Hebrew : מרקו בלבול‎ ; born July 13 , 1967 ) , is a former Israeli football defender .
Stéphane Fiset ( born June 17 , 1970 ) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender who played in the National Hockey League .
Michal Peškovič ( born 8 February 1982 in Partizánske ) is a Slovakian footballer who recently played for the Azerbaijan Premier League club Neftchi Baku as a goalkeeper .
Jens Melzig ( born 28 September 1965 in Cottbus ) is a former professional German footballer who played as a defender .
Stage to Thunder Rock is a 1964 American Western film directed by William F. Claxton and written by Charles A. Wallace .
Af banen ( aka : We Are the Champions ) is a Danish independent feature film comedy from 2005 , directed by Martin Hagbjer .
Fall into Darkness is a 1996 television movie based on the young - adult novel by Christopher Pike , who also executive - produced .
The Butterfly Dance is a 1998 American short mystery drama film , written and directed by Max Reynal , and starring Vera Farmiga , Phil Kauffmann , and Reade Kelly .
The Tailenders is a 2005 documentary directed , produced and narrated by Adele Horne , an American independent filmmaker based out of Los Angeles .
Daffy Duck & Egghead is a 1937-produced , 1938-released Warner Bros. cartoon in the Merrie Melodies series .
My Makhzen and Me is a 2012 documentary Moroccan film directed , produced and shot by Nadir Bouhmouch .
One Night in Turin is a 2010 British documentary film directed by James Erskine , and written by Pete Davies and James Erskine .
Yugo & Lala 2 ( Chinese : 神秘世界历险记2 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated family adventure film directed by Wang Yunfei .
Prayers for Bobby is a televised docudrama that premiered on the Lifetime network on January 24 , 2009 .
Efuru is a novel by Flora Nwapa which was published in 1966 as number 26 in Heinemann 's African Writers Series , making it the first book written by a Nigerian woman to be published .
The Hand of Oberon is the fourth book in The Chronicles of Amber series by Roger Zelazny published in book form by Doubleday in 1976 .
The Journal of Theological Studies is an academic journal established in 1899 and now published by Oxford University Press in April and October each year .
Warrior Kings is a real - time strategy video game , developed by Black Cactus and published by Microïds in 2002 .
SimCity Creator is a video game in the Sim game series by Electronic Arts .
Hormone Research in Paediatrics is a monthly peer - reviewed medical journal covering paediatric endocrinology published by Karger Publishers and the editor - in - chief is Paul Czernichow ( Hôpital Robert - Debré ) .
The New England Review ( NER ) is a quarterly literary magazine published by Middlebury College .
Middle East Policy is an academic peer - reviewed journal on the Middle East region in the field of foreign policy founded in 1982 , published quarterly by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Middle East Policy Council .
Photodermatology , Photoimmunology and Photomedicine is a peer - reviewed scientific journal published bimonthly by Wiley - Blackwell which focusses , as its title implies , on photodermatology , photoimmunology and photomedicine .
IDS Executive Compensation Review is published by Incomes Data Services , an independent research organisation providing information and analysis on pay , conditions , pensions , employment law and HR policy practice in the UK and Europe .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin first appeared as a 40-week serial in The National Era , an abolitionist periodical , starting with the June 5 , 1851 , issue .
Bijdragen tot de Taal- , Land- en Volkenkunde ( English title : Journal of the Humanities and Social Sciences of Southeast Asia and Oceania ) is a peer reviewed academic journal on Southeast Asia and Indonesia that was established in 1853 and was published by the Royal Netherlands Institute of Southeast Asian and Caribbean Studies .
Drome Racers is a Lego racing video game developed by Attention to Detail and published by Electronic Arts and Lego Interactive .
Chemical & Engineering News ( C&EN ) is a weekly magazine published by the American Chemical Society , providing professional and technical information in the fields of chemistry and chemical engineering .
The SimCity Box is bundled software published by Electronic Arts that was released on June 23 , 2008 highlighting recent SimCity releases .
Simon & Schuster released The Firebrand on October 1 , 1987 in hardcover , and it was issued in paperback in September 1988 .
Poverty & Public Policy is a quarterly e - only peer - reviewed academic journal published by Wiley - Blackwell on behalf of the Policy Studies Organization .
The Cosmic Puppets was first published as a novel by Ace Books as one half of Ace Double D-249 , bound dos - à - dos with Sargasso of Space by Andrew North ( better known as Andre Norton ) .
The Review of English Studies is an academic journal published by Oxford University Press covering English literature and the English language from the earliest period to the present .
Cyberbykes , also known as Shadow Racer VR , is a 1995 3D action cyberpunk computer game developed by Artificial Software and distributed by GameTek , running under DOS - based PCs .
Chemistry Education Research and Practice is a quarterly peer - reviewed open access academic journal published by the Royal Society of Chemistry covering chemistry education .
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is a peer - reviewed mathematics journal of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences , published by Akadémiai Kiadó and Springer Science+Business Media .
Published by Del Rey Books and released June 2011 , Dragon 's Time is their fourth collaboration in the series and is the sequel to Dragongirl by Todd McCaffrey .
Super International Cricket is a cricket game for the Super Nintendo that was released in Australia , Europe and Pakistan in 1994 .
Fighting Steel is a computer game which was published in 1999 by Strategic Simulations , Inc ..
Conquest of the New World is a computer game produced by Interplay Entertainment in the mid-1990s .
A modified version of Killer Instinct 2 , licensed by Nintendo , was published for the Nintendo 64 as Killer Instinct Gold that same year .
The Faber Book of Irish Verse was a poetry anthology edited by John Montague and first published in 1974 by Faber and Faber .
Concordia Theological Quarterly is a peer - reviewed academic journal of theology published for the Lutheran Church - Missouri Synod by the faculty of Concordia Theological Seminary ( Fort Wayne , Indiana ) .
Antiguo Oriente is an annual peer - reviewed academic journal published by the Center of Studies of Ancient Near Eastern History ( CEHAO ) ( Pontifical Catholic University of Argentina , Buenos Aires ) .
Mormon Studies Review is an annual academic journal covering Mormon studies published by the Neal A. Maxwell Institute for Religious Scholarship at Brigham Young University .
Deutsches Ärzteblatt is published by the Deutscher Ärzte Verlag , which is co - owned by the German Medical Association ( Bundesärztekammer ) and the National Association of Statutory Health Insurance Physicians ( Kassenärztliche Bundesvereinigung ) .
Initially developed as a fan game , Street Fighter X Mega Man later received support from Capcom , who assisted in the production of the game , the game was released as a free download from Capcom Unity on December 17 , 2012 .
Curse of the Mummy is a single - player roleplaying gamebook , written by Jonathan Green , illustrated by Martin McKenna and originally published in 1995 by Puffin Books .
Bomb Alley is a 1983 computer war game covering the Mediterranean Theatre of World War II . Written by game author Gary Grigsby and published by Strategic Simulations Inc. ( SSI ) , it runs on the Apple II platform .
SAIS Review is published and distributed biannually by the Johns Hopkins University Press and is available online through Project MUSE .
Death Times Three is a collection of Nero Wolfe novellas by Rex Stout , published posthumously by Bantam Books in 1985 .
Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories is a short story collection by Agatha Christie published in the UK only in November 1991 by HarperCollins .
HardBall ! is the first in a series of popular baseball computer and video games published by Accolade .
The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities is a book by James Thurber first published in 1931 by Harper and Brothers .
SingStar Queen is a competitive karaoke video game for the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 2 , developed by London Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe .
The Alaska Quarterly Review is a biannual literary journal founded in 1982 by Ronald Spatz and James Liszka at the University of Alaska Anchorage .
Crüe Ball is a 1992 pinball video game developed by Electronic Arts for the Mega Drive / Genesis .
The Inevitability of Patriarchy is a book by Steven Goldberg published by William Morrow and Company in 1973 .
Written during World War II , The Open Society and Its Enemies was first printed in London by Routledge in 1945 in two volumes : `` The Spell of Plato '' and `` The High Tide of Prophecy :
Grey Room is a peer - reviewed academic journal published quarterly , in print and online , by the MIT Press .
This Is Football is a football video game series of Sony Computer Entertainment Europe ( SCEE ) by SCEE Internal Development Team .
Annales Scientifiques de l'École Normale Supérieure is a French scientific journal of mathematics published by the Société Mathématique de France .
EA Mobile announced the availability of Wolfenstein RPG on August 14 , 2009 , a new take on the classic game originally created by i d Software , on the App Store .
Bogoslovni vestnik , subtitled Theological Quarterly , Ephemerides Theologicae , is a quarterly peer - reviewed academic journal on theology published by the Faculty of Theology of the University of Ljubljana .
Amazing Island ( カイジュウの島 ～ アメージングアイランド ～ , lit . `` Island of Monsters : Amazing Island '' ) , is a video game developed by Ancient and Hitmaker and published by Sega for the GameCube .
This story appeared only in The Silver Locusts , the British edition of The Martian Chronicles , the 1974 edition from The Heritage Press , the September 1979 illustrated trade edition from Bantam Books , the `` 40th Anniversary Edition '' from Doubleday Dell Publishing Group and in the 2001 Book - of - the - Month Club edition .
Dhalgren was officially published in January , 1975 ( with copies available on bookshelves as early as the first week in December , 1974 ) , as a paperback original ( a Frederik Pohl selection ) by Bantam Books .
Clinical Lung Cancer is a peer - reviewed medical journal that has been published by Elsevier since 2011 .
After years of misunderstandings , accusations of duplicity and hurried letters , Thomas Seltzer finally published the first edition of Women in Love in New York City on 9 November 1920 .
Methods of Silence is the second album by the German band Camouflage , released by Atlantic Records in June 1989 .
`` Pleasure Boys '' is a single by the British pop group Visage , released on Polydor Records in October 1982 .
Sit Down and Talk to Me is a 1980 album by American R&B singer Lou Rawls , released on the Philadelphia International Records label .
Cupid & Psyche 85 is the second album by the British / American pop group Scritti Politti , released in the UK on Virgin Records on 10 June 1985 .
Transatlanticism is the fourth studio album by indie rock band Death Cab for Cutie , released on October 7 , 2003 , by Barsuk Records .
I 'm New Here is the 13th and final studio album by American recording artist Gil Scott - Heron , released on February 8 , 2010 , by XL Recordings .
Futuristic Dragon is the eleventh studio album and a UK - only release by English glam rock act T. Rex , released on 30 January 1976 by record label EMI .
In the Key of Disney is the tenth studio album by Brian Wilson , released on October 25 , 2011 , by Walt Disney Records as part of the Disney Pearl Series .
After settling payment disputes with Capitol Records , Smiley Smile was distributed in collaboration with Brother Records , a new record label and holding company founded by the group .
That 's My Story is a studio album by American blues musician John Lee Hooker , released in 1960 on Riverside Records .
Bojan Zdešar ( born November 30 , 1984 in Ljubljana ) is a retired male freestyle swimmer from Slovenia , who competed for his native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Tuba Yenen ( born January 8 , 1991 in İzmit , Turkey ) is a European champion Turkish female karateka competing currently in the kumite -55 kg division .
Charlene Rink ( born February 11 , 1972 ) is a former professional fitness competitor , wrestler and competitive female bodybuilder .
Surekha Yadav née Surekha Shankar Yadav ( born 2 September 1965 ) is the first female train driver for the Indian Railways in India , and also in Asia .
Hasna Doreh ( Somali : Xasna Dooreeh , Arabic : حسناء دوريه‎ ) was an early 20th - century Somali female commander of the Dervish State , a state which frequently engaged in battles against the imperial powers during the Somaliland campaign .
Gigi Hangach is an American female singer and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist of the all - female heavy metal band Phantom Blue .
Dominique Cerejo is an Indian female playback singer best known for the song `` Yeh Tumhari Meri Baatein '' from Rock On!!.
Hermine Braunsteiner Ryan ( July 16 , 1919 -- April 19 , 1999 ) was a female camp guard at Ravensbrück and Majdanek concentration camps , and the first Nazi war criminal to be extradited from the United States , to face trial in Germany .
Sarah Fyge Egerton ( 1670 - -1723 ) was an English female poet who wrote in the late seventeenth and early eighteenth centuries .
Tanja Godina ( born September 21 , 1970 in Maribor ) is a retired female backstroke swimmer from Slovenia .
The Rugby League European Federation ( RLEF ) is the umbrella body for nations playing the sport of rugby league football across Europe and the Northern Hemisphere .
The British Covered Court Championships ( BCCC ) was an indoor tennis event held from 1885 though 1971 and played in London , England .
The Calgary Expos were a minor league baseball team located in Calgary , Alberta , Canada from 1977 - 84 .
East London All - Stars is an English basketball team based in the Newham area of East London .
The Chess Federation of Armenia is the governing chess organisation in Armenia and is affiliated to FIDE .
The San Diego Siege was a women 's professional basketball team in the now defunct National Women 's Basketball League ( NWBL ) .
The Brisbane Broncos are an Australian professional rugby league football club based in the city of Brisbane , the capital of the state of Queensland .
The 1998 Dubai Tennis Championships was a men 's tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts at the Aviation Club Tennis Centre in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates that were part of the World Series of the 1998 ATP Tour .
Kenneth Lyons ( born January 21 , 1960 ) is a retired American basketball player who is best known for his collegiate career at North Texas State University ( now known as the University of North Texas ) between 1979 - -80 and 1982 - -83 .
Chris Haughton ( born July 4 , 1992 ) is a cadet olympic recurve archer and has qualified to be a member of the Canadian National Archery Team and he is also an archery coach for the Ontario School of Olympic Archery .
Maria Luisa of Savoy ( Maria Luisa Gabriella ; 17 September 1688 -- 14 February 1714 ) was a Savoyard princess and the first wife of Philip V of Spain .
Basilina ( died 332/333 ) was the wife of Julius Constantius and the mother of Roman Emperor Julian , who in her honour gave the name Basilinopolis to a city in Bithynia ( modern Pazarköy near Gemlik , in Turkey ) .
Antony Beevor is married to biographer Artemis Cooper ; they have two children , Nella and Adam .
Michael Mronz ( born March 1 , 1967 in Cologne ) is a German sports manager and longtime partner of former German foreign minister Guido Westerwelle .
Gary Morton ( December 19 , 1924 -- March 30 , 1999 ) was the second husband of Lucille Ball .
Françoise d'Aubigné , Marquise de Maintenon ( 27 November 1635 -- 15 April 1719 ) was the second wife of King Louis XIV of France .
This is why Peter Cook says ' Justin de Villeneuve watch out ! ' and ' Justin de Villeneuve is my friend ! ' De Villeneuve married designer Sue Timney at Chelsea Town Hall in 2007 .
Juhi Parmar , of Gujarati heritage is married to television personality and businessman Sachin Shroff .
Esther Marion Armstrong was the widow of Edwin Howard Armstrong , notable for continuing his patent battles after despair drove him to suicide .
Hersilia was the wife of Romulus , the founder and first King of Rome in Rome 's founding myths .
Daniel Ducruet ( born 27 November 1964 ) is a former husband of Princess Stéphanie of Monaco , to whom he was married in 1995 and divorced from a year later in 1996 .
Yuchi Chifan ( Chinese : 尉遲熾繁 ) or Yuchi Fanchi ( Chinese : 尉遲繁熾 ) ( 566 - -595 ) , later Buddhist nun name Huashou ( 華首 ) , was a concubine of Emperor Xuan of Northern Zhou , an emperor of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Zhou .
Isias , surnamed Philostorgos or Philostorgus ( Greek : η Ισίας Φιλόστοργος , meaning Isias the loving one ) was a Princess of Cappadocia who lived in the 1st century BC . Through her marriage to King Antiochus I Theos of Commagene , she became the Queen of Commagene .
Gowri Pandit married Bollywood actor Nikhil Dwivedi on 7 March 2011 .
Jean - Jacques Schuhl ( born October 9 , 1941 in Marseille ) is a French author , recipient of the 2000 Prix Goncourt literary award for his novel Ingrid Caven .
She is the wife of Shiv Nadar , the founder of HCL Technologies , and is a trustee of the Shiv Nadar Foundation and the founder of Kiran Nadar Museum of Art .
Anne - Marie von Schutzbar genannt Milchling ( 3 July 1903 --1 January 1991 ) was the second wife of Nikolaus , Hereditary Grand Duke of Oldenburg , pretender to the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg .
In 1968 John Cale married fashion designer Betsey Johnson .
Jeanne de Valois - Saint - Rémy , `` Comtesse de la Motte '' ( 22 July 1756 -- 23 August 1791 ) was a notorious French adventuress and thief ; she was married to Nicholas de la Motte whose family 's claim to nobility is dubious .
Philippa de Mohun ( died 1431 ) was Duchess of York , due to her third marriage to Edward of Norwich , 2nd Duke of York ( c.1373 - 1415 ) , Lord of the Isle of Wight , a grandson of King Edward III ( 1327 - 1377 ) .
Nora Eddington ( February 25 , 1924 -- April 10 , 2001 ) is best known as the second wife of actor Errol Flynn .
Princess Pan ( 潘王妃 ) ( 968 - -989 ) was the first wife of the future Emperor Zhenzong of Song in imperial China 's Song Dynasty .
Mahmoud el - Meliguy met the Egyptian actress Alwiya Gamil in 1938 and married her in 1939 .
Tessa Wyatt ( born 23 April 1948 ) is an English actress who first came to the public spotlight through her marriage to Tony Blackburn .
Gassulawiya was a Hittite queen of the king Mursili II , ruler of the Hittite Empire ( New kingdom ) ca .
Adela of Meissen ( also Adelheid or Adele ) ( died 23 October 1181 ) was a Danish Queen consort , spouse of King Sweyn III of Denmark .
Karuvaki ( Odia : Karubaki , Sanskrit : Charuvaki ) was the second queen of the third Mauryan emperor , Ashoka .
Dinah Sheridan 's second husband , film executive John Davis , whom she married in 1954 , insisted that she quit acting and stay at home with her children .
In 1938 , the American heiress and artistic patron Peggy Guggenheim acquired a number of Max Ernst 's works , which she displayed in her new gallery in London .
College Confidential ( 1960 ) Steve Allen starred in B - movie `` College Confidential '' with Jayne Meadows and Mamie Van Doren .
Graphocephala is a large genus of leafhoppers , found from southern Canada to northern South America .
The Amazon wood lizard ( Enyalioides laticeps ) , also known as Guichenot 's Dwarf Iguana is a species of reptile in the genus Enyalioides , native to the western part of the Amazon basin , notably in Colombia , Ecuador , Brazil , and Peru .
Diloma bicanaliculata , common name the knobbed top shell , is a species of small sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk , in the family Trochidae , the top snails .
Azolla pinnata is a species of fern known by several common names , including feathered mosquitofern and water velvet .
The Tamá small - eared shrew ( Cryptotis tamensis ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Stevia rebaudiana is a plant species in the genus Stevia of the sunflower family ( Asteraceae ) , commonly known as candyleaf , sweetleaf , sweet leaf , or sugarleaf .
The Clydonautilidae are Middle and Upper Triassic nautiloid cephalopods , which are derivatives of the clydonautlicean family Liroceratidae , that have generally smooth , involute , globular to compressed shells , characterized by a suture with prominent lobes and saddles .
Neritina rubricata is a species of small freshwater snail with an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Neritidae , the nerites .
Callipyrga turrita is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , and the only species in the genus Callipyrga .
Myripristis kochiensis is a species of fish in the soldierfish family found in the Northwest Pacific
Margarita Gonzalez Ontiveros ( 1 September 1927 , Chihuahua -- 29 May 2006 , Cuernavaca ) was a Mexican - born mezzo - soprano and contralto .
Adrianne Pieczonka , OC ( born March 2 , 1963 ) is a Canadian soprano opera singer .
Maurizia Barazzoni is a soprano born in 1955 in Bibbiano , Reggio Emilia , Italy .
Ralf Popken ( born 1962 ) is a German countertenor .
Gilda Cruz - Romo ( née Gilda Cruz , born February 12 , 1940 ) is a Mexican operatic soprano , particularly associated with dramatic roles of the Italian repertory , notably Aida and Tosca .
Barbara Frittoli ( born 19 April 1967 ) is an Italian operatic soprano who has sung leading roles in opera houses throughout Europe and in the United States .
Giorgio Tozzi ( January 8 , 1923 -- May 30 , 2011 ) was an American operatic bass .
Badri Maisuradze ( Georgian : ბადრი მაისურაძე ) ( born on November 13 , 1966 ) is a Georgian tenor opera singer , a leading dramatic tenor of the Bolshoi Theatre in Moscow , Russia .
Selma Ek ( 3 September 1856 -- 3 May 1941 ) was a Swedish operatic soprano who had an active international career from the 1870s through the 1890s .
Claudia Hellmann is a German contralto singer in opera and concert .
Frederic Austin ( 30 March 1872 -- 10 April 1952 ) was an English baritone singer , a musical teacher and composer in the period 1905 - -30 .
Angelo Badà ( Pernate , 27 May 1876 -- Novara , 23 March 1941 ) was an Italian operatic tenor .
Barbara Dever ( born December 25 , 1951 ) is an American mezzo - soprano opera singer who has appeared with Luciano Pavarotti , Plácido Domingo , Zubin Mehta , Nello Santi and James Levine .
Marie Rappold , née Winterrath ( 17 August 1872 -- 12 May 1957 ) was a German - born American operatic soprano .
Joseph Calleja , ( born 22 January 1978 in Attard ) , is a Maltese tenor .
Lisa Kirk ( February 25 , 1925 -- November 11 , 1990 ) was an American actress and singer noted for her comic talents and rich contralto ( her voice was called a husky alto ) .
Gerd Brenneis ( March 1 , 1930 , Nienhagen , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern - March 13 , 2003 , Güstrow ) was a German operatic tenor who had an active international career from the late 1950s through the 1990s .
Richard Bonelli ( February 6 , 1889 - June 7 , 1980 ) was an American operatic baritone active from 1915 to the late 1970s .
Erica Eloff is a South African soprano specializing in opera , lieder and oratorio , currently residing in England .
Inga Nielsen ( 2 June 1946 -- 10 February 2008 ) was a Danish soprano who had an active international opera career from 1971 to 2006 .
Gidon Saks ( born 15 January 1960 ) is an Israeli - born South African bass - baritone .
Radu Marian ( born in 1977 ) is a Romanian / Moldovan male soprano or sopranist .
Carol Wilson is an American operatic soprano who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Richard Strauss , and Richard Wagner .
Celso Albelo ( born in Santa Cruz de Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain ) is a Spanish operatic tenor .
Elin Manahan Thomas is a Welsh soprano , best known as a performer of Baroque music .
Johanna Gadski ( 15 June 1870 -- 22 February 1932 ) was a German soprano .
Jayne West is an American operatic soprano , who was born in White Plains , New York , and was raised in Framingham , Massachusetts .
Mario Tiberini ( 8 September 1826 -- 16 October 1880 ) was an Italian tenor who sang leading roles in the opera houses of Europe and the Americas in a career spanning 25 years .
Irène Joachim ( 13 March 1913 - 20 April 2001 ) was a French soprano , and later a vocal teacher .
Johan Messchaert ( 22 August 1857 -- 9 September 1922 ) was a Dutch baritone singer and vocal pedagogue .
Ion Buzea ( born on August 14 , 1934 ) is a Romanian tenor who enjoyed a successful international career .
Martina Janková ( born 1972 , Orlová ) is a Czech operatic soprano .
Janet Perry ( born December 27 , 1947 , Minneapolis , Minnesota ) is a celebrated operatic soprano .
Writing in Opera News , George Hall commented : `` Best of all was the Countess , Elizabeth Llewellyn , whose rich - toned , agile soprano offered a level of vocal quality too often missing elsewhere ; her performance was the more remarkable given that she was a late replacement , announced only on the day of performance .
Armando Bini ( Pisa , October 1 , 1887 -- Milan , October 31 , 1954 ) was an Italian tenor .
Luigia Polzelli ( c. 1760 -- 5 October 1830 ) was an Italian mezzo - soprano , who sang at the Esterházy court in Hungary during the late 18th century .
Katia Ricciarelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈkatja rittʃaˈrɛlli ) ; born 16 January , 1946 ) is an Italian soprano .
Carlotta Patti ( c. 1840 -- 27 June 1889 ) was a nineteenth - century operatic soprano and sister to famed soprano Adelina Patti .
