Baddeck , And That Sort of Thing is a travel journal written by Charles Dudley Warner , the American author who co - wrote The Gilded Age :
The Fire Eternal is a 2007 novel by English author , Chris d'Lacey .
Mr Darwin 's Shooter is a 1998 novel by Roger McDonald .
Vote for Larry is a comedic political fictional romantic novel by Janet Tashjian .
`` Everyday Use '' is a widely studied and frequently anthologized short story by Alice Walker .
Harmful Intent ( 1990 ) is a novel by Robin Cook .
Chronicles of Wormwood is a six - part comic book limited series written by Garth Ennis , drawn by Jacen Burrows , and colored by Andrew Dalhouse .
Alexandre le Grand is a tragedy in 5 acts ( of 3 , 5 , 7 , 5 and 3 scenes , respectively ) and verse by Jean Racine .
Prentice Alvin ( 1989 ) is an alternate history / fantasy novel by Orson Scott Card .
All Alone in the Universe is a children 's novel by American author Lynne Rae Perkins .
The Physical Principles of the Quantum Theory ( German : Physikalische Prinzipien der Quantentheorie ) by Nobel laureate ( 1932 ) Werner Heisenberg and subsequently translated by Carl Eckart and Frank C. Hoyt .
Dick Sand , A Captain at Fifteen ( French : Un capitaine de quinze ans ) is a Jules Verne novel published in 1878 .
Danny Deever is an 1890 poem by Rudyard Kipling , one of the first of the Barrack - Room Ballads .
La vida inútil de Pito Pérez is a novel by Mexican author José Rubén Romero following the picaresque genre .
Fefu and Her Friends was the fourteenth play by Cuban American playwright María Irene Fornés , originally written and produced in 1977 .
Las fuerzas extrañas ( Spanish for : The Strange Forces ) is a collection of short stories by Argentine writer Leopoldo Lugones , first published in 1906 .
Disgrace is a novel by J. M. Coetzee , published in 1999 .
On Certainty ( German : Über Gewißheit ) is a philosophical book composed from the notes written by Ludwig Wittgenstein just prior to his death .
The Lady in the Morgue ( 1936 ) is one of the novels by Jonathan Latimer featuring private detective William Crane .
Until Thy Wrath Be Past ( Swedish : Till dess din vrede upphör ) is a 2008 crime novel by Swedish writer Åsa Larsson , fourth in the Rebecka Martinsson series .
God 's Spy is a 2007 bestselling thriller novel by Juan Gómez - Jurado originally published in Spain .
The Disinherited is a proletarian novel written by Jack Conroy .
Number 31328 ( Greek : Το Νούμερο 31328 ) is an autobiographical novel by Elias Venezis .
Around the World in Seventy - Two Days is a book by journalist Elizabeth Jane Cochrane , writing under her pseudonym , Nellie Bly .
Os Flagelados do Vento Leste ( Portuguese meaning `` The Victims Of The East Wind '' ) is a novel published in 1960 by Cape Verdean author Manuel Lopes .
Flyy Girl is young adult / new adult literature and an urban fiction book written by Omar Tyree .
Do n't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late ! is a bestselling children 's picture book by Mo Willems .
The Valkyries ( Portuguese : As Valkírias ; ISBN 978 - 0062513342 ) is a 1992 novel by Paulo Coelho .
Set This House on Fire is a novel by William Styron , set in a small village of the Amalfi coast in Italy , centred on the themes of evil and redemption .
The Spiritual Canticle ( Cántico Espiritual ) , is one of the poetic works of the Spanish mystical poet St. John of the Cross .
The Five Gold Bands is an early science fiction novel by Jack Vance , first published in the November 1950 issue of Startling Stories magazine .
Corrie ! is a comedy stage play written in 2010 by award - winning playwright and Coronation Street scriptwriter Jonathan Harvey .
`` A Predicament '' is a humorous short story by Edgar Allan Poe , usually combined with its companion piece `` How to Write a Blackwood Article . ''
A Confederate General from Big Sur is Richard Brautigan 's first novel , published in 1964 .
The Virgin 's Lover is a historical novel written by British author Philippa Gregory .
For Love of the Game is a novel by American author Michael Shaara , published posthumously in 1991 .
Le Papillon des étoiles ( The Butterfly of the Stars ) is a 2006 novel by French author Bernard Werber .
The Natural Economic Order ( German : Die natürliche Wirtschaftsordnung durch Freiland und Freigeld ; published in Bern in 1916 ) is considered Silvio Gesell 's most important book .
`` The Ruum '' is a 1953 short story with a pursuit theme by the American author Arthur Porges and is probably his best known work .
The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents is a collection of fifteen fantasy and science fiction short stories written by the English author H. G. Wells between 1893 and 1895 .
Fusion Fire is a science fiction novel by Kathy Tyers originally published in 1987 , and later rewritten and republished in 2000 .
Conrad 's Fate is a children 's fantasy novel by British author Diana Wynne Jones published by Collins in 2005 .
Pedro and Me is an autobiographical graphic novel by Judd Winick regarding his friendship with AIDS educator Pedro Zamora after the two met while on the reality television series , The Real World :
The Complete Psionics Handbook was published as a 128-page softcover book by TSR , Inc. , with design by Steve Winter , and monster updates by Blake Mobley .
The Warrior of World 's End is a fantasy novel written by Lin Carter set on a decadent far - future Earth in which all the world 's land masses have supposedly drifted back together to form a last supercontinent called Gondwane .
Columbia & Britannia ( 2009 ) is an anthology of alternate history stories edited by Adam Chamberlain and Brian A. Dixon .
Religion and Nothingness ( Japanese : Shūkyō to wa Nanika ; the original title translates literally as `` What is Religion ? '' ) is a 1961 book by the Japanese philosopher Keiji Nishitani .
' A Germ - Destroyer ' is a short story by Rudyard Kipling .
Dark Princess , written by sociologist W. E. B. Du Bois in 1928 , is one of his five historical novels .
Bestiario is a book of eight short stories written by Julio Cortázar .
My Lost Mexico ( 1992 ) is a nonfiction account by American author James A. Michener about his endeavor to write a big novel about Mexico in the grand style of his other popular novels like Hawaii .
Half Past Human is a fixup science fiction novel by American author T. J. Bass , published in 1971 .
Mistress of Mellyn was the first Gothic romance novel written by Eleanor Hibbert under the pen name Victoria Holt .
The Four Loves is a book by C. S. Lewis which explores the nature of love from a Christian and philosophical perspective through thought experiments .
Double Persephone is a self - published poetry collection written by Canadian author Margaret Atwood in 1961 .
Sky - Walk ( alternatively Sky Walk , Skywalk , etc . ) is the first completed novel by Charles Brockden Brown .
My Wicked , Wicked Ways is an autobiography written by Australian actor Errol Flynn with the aid of ghostwriter Earl Conrad .
Two - Headed Poems is the eighth book of poems by Canadian author Margaret Atwood .
Myths of the Near Future is a short - story collection by J. G. Ballard , first published in 1982 .
Basic Chess Endings ( abbreviated BCE ) is a book on chess endgames which was written by Grandmaster Reuben Fine and originally published on October 27 , 1941 .
Les Burgraves is a historical play by Victor Hugo , first performed by the Comédie - Française on 7 May 1843 .
Culture and Imperialism is a collection of essays by Edward Said published in 1993 .
Everything 's Eventual is a collection of 14 short stories written by Stephen King and published in 2002 .
Book of Imaginary Beings was written by Jorge Luis Borges , published in 1957 under the original Spanish title Manual de zoología fantástica , and expanded in 1967 and 1969 in Spain to the final El libro de los seres imaginarios .
Ranger 's Apprentice is a series written by Australian author John Flanagan .
Immortality , Inc. is a 1959 science fiction novel by American writer Robert Sheckley , about a fictional process whereby a human 's consciousness may be transferred into a brain - dead body .
Paws and Whiskers is a 2014 fundraising anthology for the Battersea Dogs and Cats Home , featuring some of the best children 's stories about cats and dogs of all time , selected by multi - award - winning and best - selling children 's author Jacqueline Wilson , with illustrations by Nick Sharratt .
The Swish of the Curtain is a children 's novel by Pamela Brown ( 1924 - -1989 ) .
The Snow Empress is a 2007 mystery novel written by Laura Joh Rowland , set in the Genroku ( AD 1688 - -1704 ) of historical Japan It is the 12th book in the Sano Ichiro series .
Two Sought Adventure is a 1957 collection of fantasy short stories by Fritz Leiber .
Islam and the West is a 1993 book written by Middle - East historian and scholar Bernard Lewis .
The Stars ' Tennis Balls is a psychological thriller novel by Stephen Fry , first published in 2000 .
The Wallet of Kai Lung is a collection of fantasy stories by Ernest Bramah , all but the last of which feature Kai Lung , an itinerant story - teller of ancient China .
The Quants is the debut New York Times best selling book by Wall Street journalist Scott Patterson .
Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women is a book written by stage magician , actor and writer Ricky Jay .
`` The Day Before the Revolution '' is a Nebula Award - winning short story by Ursula K. Le Guin , first published in 1974 .
The Goops books , originally published between 1900 and 1950 , were created by the artist , art critic , poet , author and humorist Gelett Burgess .
The Morning of the Magicians , first published as Le Matin des magiciens , was written by Louis Pauwels and Jacques Bergier in 1960 .
The Law and the Lady is a detective story , published in 1875 by Wilkie Collins .
The Crisis and a Crisis in the Life of an Actress ( Danish : Krisen og en Krise i en Skuespillerindes Liv ) was a series of articles written by the Danish philosopher Søren Kierkegaard in 1847 and published in the Danish newspaper Fædrelandet ( The Fatherland ) in 1848 under the pseudonym Inter et Inter .
Mildred Keith is a children 's novel series written by Martha Finley ( 1828 - 1909 ) between 1876 and 1894 .
The Third Culture is a 1995 book by John Brockman which discusses the work of several well - known scientists who are directly communicating their new , sometimes provocative , ideas to the general public .
Smarakasilakal ( Malayalam : സ്മാരകശിലകൾ , English : Memorial Stones ) is a Malayalam novel written by Punathil Kunjabdulla in 1977 .
The Poverty of Historicism is a 1957 book by philosopher Karl Popper , in which he seeks to persuade the reader of both the danger and the bankruptcy of the idea of historicism .
Abaddon 's Gate is a science fiction novel by James S. A. Corey ( pen name of Daniel Abraham and Ty Franck ) .
Remedia Amoris ( Love 's Remedy or The Cure for Love ) is an 814-line poem in Latin by Roman poet Ovid .
If They Give You Lined Paper , Write Sideways is a book by Daniel Quinn , author of Ishmael .
The Wheel of Darkness is a novel by Douglas Preston and Lincoln Child released on August 28 , 2007 by Grand Central Publishing .
Return to the Field ( 歸田賦 ) is a literary work written in the Chinese style known as a rhapsody , or fu style : it is by Zhang Heng ( AD 78 - -139 ) , an official , inventor , mathematician , and astronomer of the Han Dynasty of China ( 202 BC--220 AD ) .
Written in the late 19th century by H. G. Wells and first published in The Butterfly ( September 1899 ) , ( and collected in The Obliterated Man and Other Stories , ( Dec 1925 ) ) A Vision of Judgment is a short story in 9 sections .
Bloodchild and Other Stories is the only and rather brief collection of science fiction stories and essays by Octavia E. Butler .
The Enemy Stars , written by Poul Anderson , is a science - fiction novel published in 1959 by J.B Lippincott in the US and by Longmans in Canada .
The Bomber ( Swedish : Sprängaren ) is a crime novel by Liza Marklund about her heroine Annika Bengtzon .
DisneyWar is an exposé of Michael Eisner 's 20-year tenure as chairman and CEO at The Walt Disney Company by James B. Stewart .
Cry of Morning is a novel by the English - born author , Brian Cleeve .
The Door Below is a collection of fantasy and horror and mystery short stories by author Hugh B. Cave .
`` Extempore '' ( alternate title `` The Beach Where Time Began '' ) is a science fiction short story written by Damon Knight .
Assassin 's Quest is a 1997 fantasy novel by Robin Hobb , the third in her Farseer Trilogy and follows the exploits of FitzChilvalry Farseer .
The Rise of Mormonism is a 2005 book by the sociologist of religions Rodney Stark .
Monster Nation ( 2005 ) is a serial novel by David Wellington .
The Question Concerning Technology ( German : Die Frage nach der Technik ) is a work by Martin Heidegger seeking to derive the essence of technology and humanity 's role .
The Chequer Board is a novel by Nevil Shute , first published in the United Kingdom in 1947 by William Heinemann Ltd. The novel deals fairly with the question of racism within the US forces during World War II and portrays black characters with great sympathy and support .
The Still Alarm is a melodramatic play by Joseph Arthur that debuted in New York in 1887 and enjoyed great success , and was adapted to silent films in 1911 , 1918 , and 1926 .
Champions of Valor was published in November 2005 , and was designed by Thomas M. Reid and Sean K. Reynolds .
A Lineage of Grace is a series of five historical fiction novellas written by the American author Francine Rivers .
The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying , written by Sogyal Rinpoche in 1992 , is a presentation of the teachings of Tibetan Buddhism based on the Tibetan Book of the Dead or Bardo Thodol .
The Degrees of Knowledge ( French : Distinguer pour unir , ou Les Degrés du Savoir ) is a 1932 book by Jacques Maritain , his major contribution to epistemology .
Eloise in Moscow is the fourth of the Eloise series of children 's books written by Kay Thompson and illustrated by Hilary Knight .
Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra is a novel written by Moyra Caldecott in 1989 .
Did Marco Polo Go to China ? is a 1995 book by Frances Wood , arguing that Venetian explorer Marco Polo never visited China as told , but travelled no further than Persia , basing his description of China on accounts from Persian travellers .
Satori in Paris is a 1966 novella by American novelist and poet Jack Kerouac .
Der perfekte Mord , published in 1961 , is a detective fiction novel written by German author Frank Arnau .
The Confessions of a Young Man ( 1886 in French ; 1888 in English ) is a memoir by Irish novelist George Moore who spent about 15 years in his teens and 20s in Paris and later London as a struggling artist .
Northworld is a 1990 militaristic science fiction novel by David Drake set in a time when the Consensus rules everything except for Northworld , the missing planet .
Asimov 's Chronology of the World by Isaac Asimov explains in chronological order important events that happened in our world from the Big Bang until the end of World War II . Each chapter covers a certain time period .
A Presumption of Death is a mystery novel by Jill Paton Walsh , based loosely on The Wimsey Papers by Dorothy L. Sayers .
The Shahnameh , also transliterated as Shahnama ( Persian : شاهنامه‎‎ pronounced ( ʃɒːhnɒːˈme ) , `` The Book of Kings '' ) , is a long epic poem written by the Persian poet Ferdowsi between c. 977 and 1010 CE and is the national epic of Greater Iran .
Wide Sargasso Sea is a 1966 postcolonial novel by Dominica - born British author Jean Rhys .
The War that Time Forgot was a comic book feature published by DC Comics beginning in 1960 in the title Star Spangled War Stories , created by Robert Kanigher , Ross Andru and Mike Esposito .
`` The Battler '' is a short story written by Ernest Hemingway , published in the 1925 New York edition of In Our Time , by Boni & Liveright .
The three - volume Res gestae saxonicae sive annalium libri tres ( `` The Deeds of the Saxons , or Three Books of Annals '' ) is a chronicle of 10th century Germany written by Widukind of Corvey .
How the Self Controls Its Brain is a book by Sir John Eccles , proposing a theory of philosophical dualism , and offering a justification of how there can be mind - brain action without violating the principle of the conservation of energy .
Justin Morgan Had a Horse is a children 's historical novel by Marguerite Henry , illustrated by Wesley Dennis and published by Wilcox & Follett of Chicago in 1945 .
Uhritulet ( Finnish : The Sacrificial Fires ) is a historical novel by Finnish author Kaari Utrio .
Catechismus in der windischenn Sprach or shortly Catechismus ( Catechism , also known as Katekizem v slovenskem jeziku or shortly Katekizem in modern Slovene ) , is a book written by the Slovene Protestant preacher Primož Trubar in 1550 .
`` Robot AL-76 Goes Astray '' is a humorous science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov , originally published in the February 1942 issue of Amazing Stories and included in the collections The Rest of the Robots ( 1964 ) and The Complete Robot ( 1982 ) .
The Septembers of Shiraz ( 2007 ) is a critically acclaimed debut novel by Iranian American author Dalia Sofer .
Redemptoris custos ( Guardian of the Redeemer ) is the title of an apostolic exhortation by Pope John Paul II on Saint Joseph .
My Present Age is the title of a Canadian novel by Guy Vanderhaeghe which was first published in 1984 .
A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag is a novel by Gordon Korman , a Canadian - born author who now lives in New York City .
Masters of Time is a collection of two science fiction novellas by author A. E. van Vogt .
Horse Under Water ( 1963 , ISBN 0 - 399 - 10419 - 4 ) is the second of four Len Deighton spy novels featuring an unnamed British agent protagonist ( named Harry Palmer in the film adaptions ) .
Warbreaker is a stand - alone fantasy novel written by American author Brandon Sanderson .
The Willows at Christmas is a children 's novel by English writer William Horwood , first published in 1999 .
Anna of the Five Towns is a novel by Arnold Bennett , first published in 1902 and one of his best - known works .
Miss Viola Swamp is styled `` the meanest substitute teacher in the whole world '' , in three children 's picture books by Harry Allard and illustrated by James Marshall :
The American Girl ( Swedish : Den amerikanska flickan ) is a 2005 novel by author Monika Fagerholm .
Reach for Tomorrow ( ISBN 0 - 345 - 32651 - 2 ) is a collection of short stories by science fiction writer Arthur C. Clarke .
The Spirit of Dorsai is a collection of two science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson .
In the DVD commentary , Frank Miller indicated that he was initially motivated to write That Yellow Bastard after his disappointment with The Dead Pool , the fifth and final film in the Dirty Harry series .
Deep Secret is a fantasy novel by Diana Wynne Jones , published by Gollancz in 1997 .
The Lies of Locke Lamora is a 2006 fantasy novel by Scott Lynch , the first book of the Gentleman Bastard series .
Perverzion is a novel written by Ukrainian author Yuri Andrukhovych .
Firefox Down is a 1983 novel by author Craig Thomas .
The Legacy of Muslim Rule in India is a book by the historian K. S. Lal published in 1992 .
The Absence of War is a play by English playwright David Hare , the final installment of his trilogy about contemporary Britain .
The Web of Indian Life ( 1904 ) is a book written by Sister Nivedita .
The Last Pin is a series of mystery stories by author Howard Wandrei .
Ecclesia in America is the apostolic exhortation written by Pope John Paul II , published on 22 January 1999 .
The Unadulterated Cat by Terry Pratchett , illustrated by Gray Jolliffe , is a book written to promote what Pratchett terms the ' Real Cat ' , a cat who urinates in the flowerbeds , rips up the furniture , and eats frogs , mice and sundry other small animals .
Keeping Faith ( 1999 ) is a novel by bestselling author Jodi Picoult about a custody battle involving a seven - year - old girl who may be seeing God .
It 's Been a Good Life ( 2002 ) is a book edited by Janet Asimov .
The Courtship of Princess Leia is a 1994 bestselling Star Wars book by Dave Wolverton .
Bird Neighbors , published in 1897 , was the first major work by nature writer Neltje Blanchan .
Proposition Player was a six - issue American comic book limited series created by writer Bill Willingham and artist Paul Guinan , published by the American comic book label Vertigo imprint of DC Comics .
Trelawny of the ' Wells ' is an 1898 comic play by Arthur Wing Pinero .
`` Rogues in the House '' is one of the original short stories starring the fictional sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine c. January 1934 .
Notes from a Big Country , or as it was released in the United States , I 'm a Stranger Here Myself , is a collection of articles written by Bill Bryson for The Mail on Sunday 's Night and Day supplement during the 1990s , published together first in Britain in 1998 and in paperback in 1999 .
The Gray Prince is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance , first published in two parts in Amazing Science Fiction magazine ( August and October 1974 issues ) with the title The Domains of Koryphon .
The Pilgrim 's Regress is a book of allegorical fiction by C. S. Lewis .
Le Rouge et le Noir ( French pronunciation : ​(lə ʁuʒ e lə nwaʁ ) ; French for The Red and the Black ) is a historical psychological novel in two volumes by Stendhal , published in 1830 .
The Southpaw was the first of the Henry Wiggen baseball novels by Mark Harris , published in 1953 .
The Fifth Child is a short novel by the British writer Doris Lessing , first published in the United Kingdom in 1988 , and since translated into a number of languages .
Promise Not to Tell is a 2007 mystery novel with supernatural elements written by Vermont author Jennifer McMahon .
The Price of the Ticket is a collection of James Baldwin 's writing that was published in 1985 .
The Variable Man is a novella written and sold by Philip K. Dick before he had an agent .
Return of the Brute is a novel written by Irish writer Liam O'Flaherty and published in 1929 .
The Original Adventures of Hank the Cowdog by John R. Erickson is the first book in the Hank the Cowdog series for children .
Benjamin 's Crossing is a 1996 historical novel written by Jay Parini about the Jewish critic and philosopher Walter Benjamin , and his escape over the Pyrenees from Nazi occupied France into Spain .
Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative is a 1996 book by American cartoonist Will Eisner that provides an formal overview of comics .
`` Bluebeard '' ( French : Barbe bleue ) is a French folktale , the most famous surviving version of which was written by Charles Perrault and first published by Barbin in Paris in 1697 in Histoires ou contes du temps passé .
La Sagouine is a play written by New Brunswick author Antonine Maillet that tells the story of la Sagouine , an Acadian cleaning lady from rural New Brunswick .
Combatting Cult Mind Control is a non - fiction work by Steven Hassan described as a `` Guide to Protection , Rescue , and Recovery from Destructive Cults . ''
`` Sir Hereward and Mister Fitz Go to War Again '' is a 2007 fantasy novelette by Garth Nix .
`` Null - O '' is a 1958 science fiction short story by Philip K. Dick .
How We Decide , is a 2009 book by journalist Jonah Lehrer , that provides biological explanations of how people make decisions and offers suggestions for making better decisions .
The Discoverie of Witchcraft is a partially sceptical book published by the English gentleman Reginald Scot in 1584 , intended as an exposé of medieval witchcraft .
The Bottle Factory Outing is a 1974 novel written by Beryl Bainbridge , it was shortlisted for the Booker Prize that year , won the Guardian Fiction Prize and is regarded as one of her best .
The Bachelor Girl ( French : La Garçonne ) is a novel by Victor Margueritte first published in 1922 .
Michael Jackson 's Dangerous Liaisons is a book by the writer and paedophile activist Tom O'Carroll , writing under the pen - name Carl Toms , in which he reviews all - extensively the controversially intimate relationships of the American singer Michael Jackson with young boys .
Is That You , Herb ? is a short story by author Ray Bradbury .
Sundays at Tiffany 's is a romance novel by the authors James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet released on April 29 , 2008 .
`` The Devil and Tom Walker '' is a short story by Washington Irving and King George that first appeared in their 1824 collection Tales of a Traveller , as part of the `` Money - Diggers '' section .
Groenten uit Balen is a Flemish theatre play written by author Walter van den Broeck in 1972 .
Paradise Lost is an epic poem in blank verse by the 17th - century English poet John Milton ( 1608 - -1674 ) .
Jacques the Fatalist and his Master ( French : Jacques le fataliste et son maître ) is a novel by Denis Diderot , written during the period 1765 - 1780 .
Imaginary Homelands is a collection of essays written by Salman Rushdie covering a wide variety of topics .
Goodbye , Mickey Mouse is a historical novel by Len Deighton published on October 12 , 1982 .
The Integral Trees is a 1984 science fiction novel by Larry Niven ( first published as a serial in Analog in 1983 ) .
Peter and Alexis ( Russian : Пётр и Алексей ) is a novel by Dmitry Merezhkovsky , written in 1903 - 1904 and first published in Nos . 1 - -5 , 9 - -12 , 1904 , Novy Put magazine .
Travel Scholarships ( French : Bourses de voyage ) is an 1903 adventure novel by Jules Verne .
The Man Who Went Back ( 1940 ) is an adventure novel by Warwick Deeping about a man who has a car accident in 1939 England .
A Faint Cold Fear is the third novel in the Grant County series by author Karin Slaughter .
Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy , in the year 1787 , or Memoranda , is a text by Thomas Jefferson , written during a trip beginning February 28 , 1787 from France to Italy .
Uncle Cleans Up ( 1965 ) is a children 's story written by J. P. Martin as part of his Uncle series .
Clybourne Park ( 2010 ) is a play by Bruce Norris written as a spin - off to Lorraine Hansberry 's play A Raisin in the Sun ( 1959 ) .
For Kings and Planets is a 1999 novel by Ethan Canin centering on two college students at Columbia University and following them through their intertwined lives .
The Seed and the Sower is a book by South African writer Laurens van der Post , consisting of three interrelated stories blended into a novel , first published in 1963 .
Notes of a Son and Brother is an autobiography by Henry James published in 1914 .
A Pair of Aces is a collection of novellas and screenplays written by American author Joe R. Lansdale and Neal Barrett Jr. At this time it is only available as a Amazon Kindle e - book .
The Ichneutae ( Ancient Greek : Ἰχνευταί , Ichneutai , `` trackers '' ) , also known as the Searchers , Trackers or Tracking Satyrs , is a fragmentary satyr play by the fifth - century BCE Athenian dramatist Sophocles .
The Princess Mayblossom is a French literary fairy tale written by Madame d'Aulnoy in 1697 .
`` Where Love Is , God Is '' ( sometimes also translated as `` Where Love Is , There God Is Also '' or `` Martin the Cobbler '' ) is a short story by Russian author Leo Tolstoy .
Attentatet i Pålsjö skog ( Attack in Pålsjö Forest in English ) is a 1996 alternate history novel by Hans Alfredson .
Bridge of Ashes is an experimental science fiction novel by Hugo- and Nebula - award winning author , Roger Zelazny .
The Cronin Omnibus is a single volume of three A. J. Cronin novels :
The Wonder of Women or The Tragedy of Sophonisba is an early Jacobean stage play written by the satiric dramatist John Marston .
The Victorian Chaise - Longue ( 1953 ) is a novella by the English novelist Marghanita Laski .
Life of Constantine the great ( Greek : Βίος Μεγάλου Κωνσταντίνου ; Latin : Vita Constantini ) is a panegyric written in Greek in honor of Constantine the Great by Eusebius of Caeserea in the 4th century AD It was never completed due to the death of Eusebius in 339 .
William Shakespeare 's Sonnet 43 employs antithesis and paradox to highlight the speaker 's yearning for his beloved and sadness in ( most likely ) his absence , and confusion about the situation described in the previous three sonnets .
Voices of the Apalachicola is a book by Faith Eidse chronicling the history of the Apalachicola River in Northern Florida , United States .
Stop - Time , published in 1967 , is a memoir by American author Frank Conroy , and tells the story of his poor childhood and early adulthood , growing up in New York City and Florida .
Lady Audley 's Secret is a sensation novel by Mary Elizabeth Braddon published in 1862 .
Magical Beginnings is an anthology of fantasy short stories edited by Steven H. Silver and Martin H. Greenberg , first published in paperback by DAW Books in February 2003 .
Dark Apprentice is the second novel in the The Jedi Academy Trilogy by Kevin J. Anderson ; many of the events of this novel are also described from the perspective of Corran Horn in I , Jedi .
`` A Bathroom of Her Own '' is a short story by Robert A. Heinlein about a political campaign in the U.S. after World War II . Written in 1946 , it was unpublished until printed in Heinlein 's Expanded Universe ( 1980 ) .
Adventures in the Rifle Brigade is the name of two Vertigo comic book limited series created by writer Garth Ennis and artist Carlos Ezquerra .
Za trochu lásky ... is a Czech novel , written by František Kožík and published in 1997 .
I quattro libri dell'architettura ( The Four Books of Architecture ) is an Italian treatise on architecture by the architect Andrea Palladio ( 1508 - -1580 ) .
Cast of Shadows is a 2005 suspense novel by the American writer Kevin Guilfoile .
The Forgotten Soldier ( 1965 ) , originally published in French as Le soldat oublié , is an autobiographical account of Guy Sajer 's observations as a German soldier on the Eastern Front during World War II .
The contents presented in Crossing the Threshold of Hope were originally intended to be broadcast as a live television interview with Vittorio Messori , an Italian journalist and writer .
The Tragedy of Hamlet , Prince of Denmark , often shortened to Hamlet ( /ˈhæmlᵻt/ ) , is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare at an uncertain date between 1599 and 1602 .
Dead Man 's Land is a book by Robert Ryan , based in World War I. It involves Sherlock Holmes ' sidekick , Dr. Watson ( created by Arthur Conan Doyle ) .
Deadly Perfume is a 1991 thriller novel written by Gordon Thomas .
The Banner of Joan is an epic poem by H. Warner Munn .
The Vanishers is the title of a spy novel by Donald Hamilton which was first published in 1986 .
Everville is a novel by British author Clive Barker .
The Corsican Brothers ( French : Les Frères corses ) is a novella by Alexandre Dumas , père , first published in 1844 .
The Priest 's Graveyard is a thriller novel by Ted Dekker , published in April 2011 .
The High Lord is the third book in The Black Magician series by Trudi Canavan .
The Autumn Castle is a 2003 horror / fantasy novel by Kim Wilkins .
Fevre Dream is a 1982 vampire novel written by best - selling U. S. novelist George R. R. Martin .
Le Château des cœurs ( The Castle of Hearts ) was a féerie by Gustave Flaubert , published in 1880 in the review La Vie moderne under the editorship of Émile Bergerat .
Dragons ' Wrath is a novel by Justin Richards from the Virgin New Adventures starring the fictional archaeologist Bernice Summerfield .
Granny Was a Buffer Girl is a realistic young - adult novel by Berlie Doherty , published by Methuen in 1986 .
`` Venus and the Seven Sexes '' is a science - fiction story written by William Tenn in 1949 .
The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend is a fantasy novel first published in 1993 and was written by British author David Gemmell .
Fudge - a - Mania is a 1990 children 's novel by Judy Blume and the third in the Fudge series ( fourth if Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great is counted as part of the series ) .
Ormayude Arakal ( The Cells of Memory ) is a collection of memoirs by Vaikom Muhammad Basheer originally serialised in Chandrika Weekly and published as a book by National Book Stall in 1973 .
Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls is a 2005 young adult mystery novel written by Bennett Madison .
Come Like Shadows is Volume VIII of the novel sequence Alms for Oblivion by Simon Raven , published in 1972 .
The Disappearing Dwarf ( 1983 ) is James Blaylock 's second published book , and the second of the trilogy that started with The Elfin Ship .
The Road to Samarcand is a novel by English author Patrick O'Brian , published in 1954 and set in Asia during the 1930s .
Tecknens rike ( lit . The Empire of Signs ) is a 1989 book by Swedish author and sinologist Cecilia Lindqvist about the history of Chinese language writing .
Early Work is a poetry collection by Patti Smith , published in 1994 .
13 Carat Diamond and Other Stories is a collection of short stories by Khin Myo Chit .
The Wishing Game is a psychological suspense novel by Patrick Redmond .
An Experiment with an Air Pump is a play by British playwright Shelagh Stephenson inspired by the painting An Experiment on a Bird in the Air Pump by Joseph Wright .
The Phantom Blooper is a 1990 novel written by Gustav Hasford and the sequel to The Short - Timers ( 1979 ) .
`` Fading Voices '' ( Polish : `` Milknące głosy '' ) is an 1883 short story by the Polish writer Bolesław Prus , the leading representative of Realism in 19th - century Polish literature .
Elijah of Buxton is an award winning children 's novel written by Christopher Paul Curtis and published in 2007 .
Once Is Not Enough is a 1973 novel by Jacqueline Susann .
Beasts of Burden is a comic book series created by writer Evan Dorkin and artist Jill Thompson , and published by American company Dark Horse Comics .
The Sect of the Phoenix ( original Spanish title : `` La secta del Fénix '' ) is a short story by Argentine writer Jorge Luis Borges , first published in Sur in 1952 .
The Singular Life of Albert Nobbs ( French : La Vie singulière d'Albert Nobbs ) is a play by French author Simone Benmussa .
Basic Theology ( 1986 , 1999 ) is a Systematic Theology book written by Christian author Charles Caldwell Ryrie and published by Moody Publishers .
Liebe zu Böhmen ( 1972 ) is an autobiography of the interwar leading tennis player and late writer Roderich Menzel .
The Texas - Israeli War : 1999 is a 1974 science - fiction novel by Jake Saunders and Howard Waldrop .
From the Notebooks of a Middle School Princess is a 2015 children 's novel written and illustrated by Meg Cabot and a spinoff of the author 's popular young adult fiction series , The Princess Diaries .
On Love and Death is a collection of essays written by Patrick Süskind concerning the connection between `` the two elemental forces of human existence . ''
Black Workers ' Struggle for Equality in Birmingham is a 2001 book written by David Montgomery , Professor of History Emeritus at Yale University , in collaboration with Horace Huntley of the Birmingham Civil Rights Institute .
The Mystery of the Stuttering Parrot by Robert Arthur , Jr. is the second in the Three Investigators series .
Fables for the Frivolous is one of the earliest works by the American parodist Guy Wetmore Carryl .
Ika Musume ( 侵略!イカ娘 , lit . Invade ! Squid Girl ) with the subtitle The invader comes from the bottom of the sea ! , is a Japanese manga series by Masahiro Anbe , which began serialization in Weekly Shōnen Champion in July 2007 .
The Fall of the Towers is a trilogy of science fantasy books by Samuel R. Delany .
The Woman 's Bible is a two - part non - fiction book , written by Elizabeth Cady Stanton and a committee of 26 women , published in 1895 and 1898 to challenge the traditional position of religious orthodoxy that woman should be subservient to man .
Behind the Paint is the 2003 autobiography of American hip hop artist Joseph Bruce , better known as Violent J , one half of the Detroit , Michigan hip hop group Insane Clown Posse .
I Am America ( And So Can You ! ) is a 2007 satirical book by American comedian Stephen Colbert and the writers of The Colbert Report .
America , Empire of Liberty is the title of a radio series and book by historian David Reynolds about American history .
Future on Fire ( 1991 ) is a science fiction anthology edited by Orson Scott Card .
The Boy Who Dared is a 2008 novel by American children 's author Susan Campbell Bartoletti .
The Languages of Pao is a science fiction novel by Jack Vance , first published in 1958 , in which the Sapir--
Grunts ! ( 1992 ) is the satiric fantasy novel by Mary Gentle .
Delicate Edible Birds is a short story collection written by Lauren Groff .
Ray the Animation is a science fiction anime television series based on a manga by Akihito Yoshitomi .
Storm over Laos , a contemporary history was written in 1961 by Prince Sisouk na Champassak .
The Bastard of Istanbul is a 2006 novel by Turkish bestselling female author Elif Şafak , written originally in English and published by Viking Adult .
The Tragedy of Mister Morn is a verse drama by Russian novelist Vladimir Nabokov .
`` How I Met My Husband '' is a short story written by Alice Munro , first published in 1974 as a part of her collection Something I 've Been Meaning to Tell You .
The Difference Between the Democritean and Epicurean Philosophy of Nature ( German : Differenz der demokritischen und epikureischen Naturphilosophie ) is a book written by the German philosopher Karl Marx as his university thesis .
Arabia Through the Looking Glass is Jonathan Raban 's first travel book , published in 1979 , describing his travels in the Middle East , the Arab countries he visits and the people he meets along the way .
Memed , My Hawk ( Turkish : İnce Memed , meaning `` Memed , the Slim ) is a 1955 novel by Yaşar Kemal .
`` The Pool of the Black One '' is one of the original short stories starring the sword and sorcery hero Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard .
`` Little Herr Friedemann '' ( orig . German Der kleine Herr Friedemann ) is a short story by Thomas Mann .
A Carne ( in English : The Flesh ) is a 1888 Naturalist novel by Júlio Ribeiro .
The Iliad ( /ˈɪliəd/ ; Ancient Greek : Ἰλιάς Ilias , pronounced ( iː.li.ás ) in Classical Attic ; sometimes referred to as the Song of Ilion or Song of Ilium ) is an ancient Greek epic poem in dactylic hexameter , traditionally attributed to Homer .
Devoted is the sequel to the New York Times bestselling novel Elixir by American entertainer Hilary Duff with Elise Allen .
Dark Passage ( 1946 ) is a crime novel by David Goodis and was the basis for the 1947 film noir of the same name .
The Lute and the Scars is a collection of stories by Yugoslav author Danilo Kiš .
Portals of Tomorrow is an anthology of science fiction stories edited by August Derleth , intended as the first in a series of `` year 's best '' volumes .
For Whom the Bell Tolls is a novel by Ernest Hemingway published in 1940 .
The Peony Pavilion ( Chinese : 牡丹亭 ; pinyin : Mǔdān tíng ; Wade -- Giles : Mu - tan t'ing ) is a play written by Tang Xianzu in the Ming Dynasty and first performed in 1598 at the Pavilion of Prince Teng .
The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence is a 1974 controversial non - fiction political book written by Victor Marchetti , a former special assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency , and John D. Marks , a former officer of the United States Department of State .
Honoured Enemy ( or Honored Enemy in the US ) is a fantasy novel by Raymond E. Feist and William R. Forstchen .
Los versos del capitán is a book by the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda , winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1971 .
99 Coffins is a 2007 vampire novel written by David Wellington .
The Lemon Table is the second collection of short stories produced by Julian Barnes , and has the general theme of old age .
On the Marble Cliffs ( Auf den Marmorklippen ) is a novella by Ernst Jünger published in 1939 describing the upheaval and ruin of a serene agricultural society .
The Martian Sphinx is a science fiction novel by John Brunner , writing under the pen - name of Keith Woodcott .
Miss Saigon is a musical by Claude - Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil , with lyrics by Boublil and Richard Maltby , Jr. It is based on Giacomo Puccini 's opera Madame Butterfly , and similarly tells the tragic tale of a doomed romance involving an Asian woman abandoned by her American lover .
English Hours is a book of travel writing by Henry James published in 1905 .
Lady Susan is a short epistolary novel by Jane Austen , possibly written in 1794 but not published until 1871 .
Glory Road is a novel by Robert A. Heinlein , originally serialized in The Magazine of Fantasy & Science Fiction ( July -- September 1963 ) and published in hardcover the same year .
`` The Dust of Death '' is a science fiction / mystery short story by Isaac Asimov that was first published in the January 1957 issue of Venture Science Fiction Magazine and reprinted in the 1968 collection Asimov 's Mysteries .
`` To a Mouse , on Turning Her Up in Her Nest with the Plough '' ( Scots : `` Tae a Moose '' ) is a Scots poem written by Robert Burns in 1785 , and was included in the Kilmarnock volume .
Wicked Appetite is a 2010 novel by Janet Evanovich set in Salem , Massachusetts .
Welcome to Alflolol is volume four in the French comic book ( or bande dessinée ) science fiction series Valérian and Laureline created by writer Pierre Christin and artist Jean - Claude Mézières .
The End of Nature is a book written by Bill McKibben , published by Anchor in 1989 .
The Liezi ( Chinese : 列子 ; Wade -- Giles : Lieh - tzu ) is a Daoist text attributed to Lie Yukou , a c. 5th century BCE Hundred Schools of Thought philosopher , but Chinese and Western scholars believe it was compiled around the 4th century CE .
The Malcontenta is a 1995 Ned Kelly Award winning novel by the Australian author Barry Maitland .
Beyond the Dar Al - Harb is a collection of three fantasy and science fiction stories by Gordon R. Dickson .
`` Drums of Tombalku '' is an American fantasy short story , one of the original ones written in the 1930s by Robert E. Howard featuring Conan the Cimmerian .
The Love of a Good Woman is a collection of short stories by Canadian writer Alice Munro , published by McClelland and Stewart in 1998 .
The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft is a semi - fictional autobiographical work by George Gissing in which the author casts himself as the editor of the diary of a deceased acquaintance , selecting essays for posthumous publication .
The Hills of Varna ( published in the USA as Shadow of the Hawk ) is a children 's historical novel by Geoffrey Trease , published in 1948 .
`` Zone of Terror '' is a short story by British author J. G. Ballard , first appearing in the March 1960 edition of New Worlds ( Volume 31 , Number 92 ) and then in the 1962 collection The Voices of Time and Other Stories .
Nostradamus Ate My Hamster is a fantasy novel by British author Robert Rankin .
The Cardturner is a novel written by Newbery Medal winner Louis Sachar and published by Delacorte Press in May 2010 .
Ayumi Hamasaki Bon or Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki is a photobook by Japanese pop singer Ayumi Hamasaki .
The Military Philosophers is the ninth of Anthony Powell 's twelve - novel sequence A Dance to the Music of Time .
Uncle Tom 's Cabin ; or , Life Among the Lowly , is an anti - slavery novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe .
Karanapaddhati is an astronomical treatise in Sanskrit attributed to Puthumana Somayaji , an astronomer - mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics .
`` Beyond the Black River '' is one of the original short stories about Conan the Cimmerian , written by American author Robert E. Howard and first published in Weird Tales magazine , v. 25 , nos . 5 - 6 , May - June 1935 .
Billion - Dollar Brain is a 1966 Cold War spy novel by Len Deighton .
Officers and Gentlemen is a 1955 novel by the British novelist Evelyn Waugh .
The Life of Castruccio Castracani ( Italian Vita di Castruccio Castracani ) is a short work by Niccolò Machiavelli .
Blood , Sweat & Tea is a book by ambulance technician Brian Kellett , writing under the pseudonym Tom Reynolds , about life in the London Ambulance Service .
Crystal Boys ( 孽子 , pinyin : Nièzǐ , `` sons of sin '' ) is a novel written by author Pai Hsien - yung and first published in 1983 in Taiwan .
Last Human is the title of a 1995 science fiction comedy novel written by Doug Naylor .
The Gown of Glory is a 1952 novel by the American writer Agnes Sligh Turnbull ( 1888 - -1982 ) .
Ram Sarup Ankhi ( Punjabi : ਰਾਮ ਸਰੂਪ ਅਣਖੀ ) was a Sahitya Akademi Award winner Punjabi writer , novelist and poet of Punjab .
Gustave Tassell ( February 4 , 1926 -- June 9 , 2014 ) was an American fashion designer and Coty Award winner who became a fashion star in the early 1960s with starkly refined clothes that appealed to women like Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , Greer Garson and Princess Grace of Monaco .
Alexander Panchenko ( 1953 in Chelyabinsk -- 2009 in Kazan ) was a Russian chess Grandmaster and honoured coach who headed the All - Russian chess school .
In 2012 the three members of a - ha , Morten Harket , Magne Furuholmen and Paul Waaktaar Savoy , were appointed Knights of the 1st Class of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav for their contribution to Norwegian music .
Tony Tedeschi is an American pornographic film actor and AVN Hall of Fame inductee .
Karl - Heinz Wiebe ( 10 April 1916 -- 1 October 2012 ) was a German chief engineer on a U - boat in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
He died while still serving in the department as a result of the Dutch Military Aggression II . Supeno is now regarded as a National Hero of Indonesia .
The papal legate , cardinal Bonifazio Bevilacqua ( 1571 - -1627 ) , who had commissioned these paintings , was so pleased that he invested Ventura Salimbeni with the Order of the Golden Spur , a very selective papal order .
Hans Dortenmann ( 11 December 1921 -- 1 April 1973 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Thurman Ruth was inducted into the Gospel Music Hall of Fame .
Nona Gaprindashvili ( Georgian : ნონა გაფრინდაშვილი ; born 3 May 1941 ) is a Georgian chess player , the sixth women 's world chess champion ( 1962 - -1978 ) , and first female Grandmaster .
On May 7 , 2014 Mustafa Dzhemilev has been awarded -- being thus its first recipient -- the Solidarity Prize by the Republic of Poland .
Gu Xiaobing ( Chinese : 谷笑冰 ; born July 12 , 1985 in Xinghua , Taizhou , Jiangsu ) is a Chinese chess player holding the title of Woman Grandmaster .
Mustafa Şekip Birgöl was awarded in 1927 the Medal of Independence with red ribbon .
Otto Edler von Ballasko ( 29 April 1919 -- 5 February 2005 ) was a Bohemian German Luftwaffe bomber pilot and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . The Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership .
Cerdas Barus ( born 1 January 1961 in Karo , North Sumatra ) is an Indonesian chess Grandmaster ( 2004 ) .
Ravi Arimilli ( born 1963 ) is an IBM Fellow and Chief Architect .
Vladimir Feldman ( born 13 Sep 1959 in Zhitomir , Ukraine ) is an Australian chess International Master ( IM ) and experienced chess coach .
Lenty Frans ( born 8 February 1994 ) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Belgium 2016 .
Mika Karttunen ( born 30 May 1981 ) is a Finnish chess player , International Master .
Geoffrey Dyer ( born 1947 , Hobart , Tasmania ) is an Australian artist who won the Archibald Prize in 2003 with a portrait of Richard Flanagan .
Accelerando won the 2006 Locus Award for Best Science Fiction Novel , and the 2010 Estonian SF Award for Best Translated Novel of 2009 .
Vizeadmiral Kurt - Caesar Hoffmann ( 26 August 1895 -- 19 May 1988 ) was a Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross recipient during World War II and commander of the battleship Scharnhorst .
On 2 June 1982 , Yad Vashem recognised Jan Karski as Righteous Among the Nations .
Cay - Lorenz Baron von Brockdorff ( 25 August 1923 -- 11 September 1997 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Major General Algernon Fuller became a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1941 .
Leandro Katz 's work has earned the Guggenheim Fellowship , the Rockefeller Foundation Fellowship , and the National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship , and he has received support from the New York State Council on the Arts , the Jerome Foundation , and the Hubert Bals Fund , Rotterdam International Film Festival .
Jose Rodela ( born June 15 , 1937 ) is a U.S. Army veteran of the Vietnam War and a recipient of the Medal of Honor .
Detlev Graf von Garnier - Turawa ( 24 September 1906 -- 27 June 1944 ) was a highly decorated Hauptmann of the Reserves in the Wehrmacht during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
General Sir Hugh Rowlands VC , KCB ( 6 May 1828 -- 1 August 1909 ) was a Welsh recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Werner Stumpf ( 15 March 1917 -- 13 October 1942 ) was a German Luftwaffe ace and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II . Stumpf claimed 48 aerial victories , 2 over the Western Front , 23 over the Eastern Front and 23 over the Mediterranean Front .
Aleksandar Wohl ( born 21 July 1963 ) is an Australian chess player , attaining the rank of International Master .
Sonia Rolt OBE ( 15 April 1919 -- 22 October 2014 ) was a campaigner for the Inland Waterways Association ( IWA ) of Great Britain and was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire in 2010 for her services to industrial archaeology and heritage .
Captain Jerauld Wright was awarded his first Legion of Merit in recognition of his participation in Operation Kingpin .
Krishna Sobti ( Hindi : कृष्णा सोबती ; born 18 February 1925 ) is a Hindi fiction writer and essayist , who won the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1980 for her novel Zindaginama and in 1996 , was awarded the Sahitya Akademi Fellowship , the highest award of the Akademi .
In 1994 , the Zapruder film footage was deemed `` culturally , historically , or aesthetically significant '' by the United States Library of Congress and was selected for permanent preservation in the National Film Registry .
Kenichi Fukui was co - recipient of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1981 with Roald Hoffmann , for their independent investigations into the mechanisms of chemical reactions .
Necip Torumtay was decorated with the Turkish Armed Forces Medal of Distinguished Service .
Constantin Lupulescu ( born 25 March 1984 in Buftea , Romania ) is a Romanian chess Grandmaster ( 2006 ) .
Rajeshwari Sachdev is a Hindi film actress who is most known for her role in Shyam Benegal 's film Sardari Begum ( 1996 ) , for which she won the 1997 National Film Award for Best Supporting Actress .
Subbaraman Vijayalakshmi ( born 25 March 1979 ) is an Indian chess player who holds the FIDE titles of International Master and Woman Grandmaster , the first female player in her country to achieve these titles .
Isabelle Adjani - Antonieta Rivas Mercado Hanna Schygulla - Anna Ignacio López Tarso - Vargas Carlos Bracho - José Vasconcelos Gonzalo Vega - Manuel Rodríguez Lozano Hector Alterio - León Diana Bracho - Juana
So You Do n't Know Korff Yet ? ( German : Nanu , Sie kennen Korff noch nicht ? ) is a 1938 German comedy crime film directed by Fritz Holl and starring Heinz Rühmann , Victor Janson and Franz Schafheitlin .
Tall Story is a 1960 American romantic comedy film made by Warner Bros. , directed by Joshua Logan and starring Anthony Perkins with Jane Fonda , in her first screen role , at the age of 22 .
Zombie Island Massacre is a 1984 horror film directed by John N. Carter and starring famed congressman 's wife and Playboy model , Rita Jenrette .
Le Gang ( Italian : La gang del parigino ) is a 1977 French - Italian film starring Alain Delon .
Les Trésors de Satan , released in the United States as The Treasures of Satan and in Britain as The Devil 's Money Bags , is a 1902 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Living with Michael Jackson is a television film , in which Martin Bashir interviewed Michael Jackson over a span of 8 months , from May 2002 to January 2003 .
Con Games is a 2001 American direct to video action drama film written and directed by Jefferson Edward Donald , starring Tommy Lee Thomas , Eric Roberts , Martin Kove , Amy Fadhli , and the late Matthew Ansara .
The Manny ( German : Der Nanny ) is a 2015 German comedy film directed and co - written by Matthias Schweighöfer , starring himself as a greedy and super - busy real - estate developer , and Milan Peschel as a victim of his development who accidentally ends up babysitting his 2 children .
Baby Brother is a 1927 American Our Gang short film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Assassination Games is a 2011 American action film directed by Ernie Barbarash , and starring Jean - Claude Van Damme and Scott Adkins .
The Ballad of Uhlans ( Уланская баллада ) is a 2012 Russian historical adventure film directed by Oleg Fesenko , and stars Sergei Bezrukov , Anna Chipovskaya , Anton Sokolov and Vladimir Gostyukhin .
Beware of Pity is a 1946 British romantic drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Lilli Palmer , Albert Lieven and Cedric Hardwicke .
Liebe Dein Symptom wie Dich selbst ! ( German : Thou shalt love thy symptom as thyself ; 1996 ) is a German documentary film about the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Žižek .
Big Hearted Herbert is a 1934 domestic comedy film starring Aline MacMahon and Guy Kibbee as a middle - aged couple .
What Next ? is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by Walter Forde and starring Forde , Pauline Johnson and Frank Stanmore .
Ti ho cercata in tutti i necrologi ( `` I 've been looking for you in all the obituaries '' ) is an English / Italian dramatic film directed by Giancarlo Giannini .
Jonas in the Jungle is a 2013 documentary film by Peter Sempel about the filmmaker Jonas Mekas .
Return to Action is a 1990 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Chen Kuan - tai and starring Alex Man , Rosamund Kwan , Mark Cheng , Shing Fui - On and Chen himself in a supporting role .
The Purple Plain ( aka Llanura Roja ) is a 1954 British war film , directed by Robert Parrish , with Gregory Peck playing a Canadian pilot serving in the Royal Air Force in the Burma Campaign in the closing months of the World War II , who is battling with depression after having lost his wife .
Waking Madison , ( originally titled Mad World ) , is an independent drama / thriller film written and directed by Katherine Brooks and starring Sarah Roemer and Elisabeth Shue .
Starring Rd Mochtar , Roekiah , and Eddy T. Effendi , it follows a masked man known only as `` Gagak Item '' ( `` Black Raven '' ) .
Trial Without Jury is a 1950 American mystery film directed by Philip Ford and starring Robert Rockwell , Barbra Fuller and Kent Taylor .
Chasing Liberty is a 2004 American romantic comedy film directed by Andy Cadiff and starring Mandy Moore and Matthew Goode .
Goodnight , Ladies and Gentlemen ( Italian : Signore e signori , buonanotte , French : Mesdames et messieurs bonsoir ) is a 1976 French - Italian comedy film starring Vittorio Gassman , Ugo Tognazzi , Nino Manfredi , Paolo Villaggio , Marcello Mastroianni , Senta Berger , Adolfo Celi and Felice Andreasi .
Trabbi Goes to Hollywood ( English title : Driving Me Crazy ) is a 1991 US comedy film directed by Jon Turteltaub , starring Thomas Gottschalk , Billy Dee Williams , Dom DeLuise , and James Tolkan .
Young Billy Young is a 1969 western movie starring Robert Mitchum and featuring Angie Dickinson , Robert Walker , Jr. ( in the title role ) , David Carradine , Jack Kelly ( who plays a villain and dresses exactly as he had for his role on television 's Maverick ) , Deana Martin and Paul Fix .
Nicholas on Holiday ( French : Les Vacances du Petit Nicolas ) is a 2014 French family comedy film directed by Laurent Tirard , starring Mathéo Boisselier , Valérie Lemercier , Kad Merad , Dominique Lavanant , François - Xavier Demaison and Bouli Lanners .
From This Day Forward is a 1946 American drama film directed by John Berry , starring Joan Fontaine and Mark Stevens .
The Green Cloak ia a surviving 1915 silent film mystery directed by Walter Edwin and starring Broadway stage actress Irene Fenwick .
Let asfaltového holuba ( `` Fly of the Asphalt Pigeon '' ) is a 1991 Czechoslovak psychodrama , starring Ondřej Vetchý , Szidi Tobias , Roman Luknár and György Cserhalmi .
No One Killed Jessica is a 2011 Indian biographical thriller film starring Rani Mukerji and Vidya Balan , produced by UTV Spotboy and directed by Rajkumar Gupta .
8 mm 2 is a 2005 direct - to - video It stars Johnathon Schaech and Lori Heuring .
Monster 's Ball is a 2001 American erotic romantic drama film directed by German - Swiss director Marc Forster starring Billy Bob Thornton , Halle Berry , and Heath Ledger .
Bhuvana Oru Kelvi Kuri ( English : Bhuvana is a question mark ) is a 1977 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by SP . Muthuraman , starring Sivakumar , Rajinikanth and Sumithra .
A sequel to the 2008 film Ip Man , Ip Man 2 was directed by Wilson Yip and stars Donnie Yen , who reprises the leading role .
The Wannabes , ( US title : Criminal Ways ) , is a 2003 Australian comedy film starring Nick Giannopoulos , Russell Dykstra , Isla Fisher , Ryan Johnson , Michael Carman , Lena Cruz , Tony Nikolakopoulos , Costas Kilias , Chantal Contouri and Felix Williamson .
Professor Pyarelal is a 1981 Hindi film produced by TM Bihari and directed by Brij Sadanah and featuring Dharmendra , Zeenat Aman , Simi Garewal , Shreeram Lagoo , Amjad Khan and Nirupa Roy in the lead roles .
Shudhu Tumi is a 2004 Bengali film directed by Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy , produced by Sagar Bhora and Siddhartha Bhora , and starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Koel Mallick in the lead roles .
Alien Hunter is a 2003 television science - fiction - thriller film , directed by Ron Krauss and stars James Spader , Carl Lewis and Leslie Stefanson .
Starring Peter Coyote , Mel Smith and Billie Whitelaw , the film is adapted from Slayground , the 14th Parker novel ( although the main character has been renamed to `` Stone '' in this adaptation ) , written by Donald Westlake under the name Richard Stark .
Midnight Beating is a 2010 Chinese horror film directed by Zhang Jiabei and starring Hong Kong veteran actors Simon Yam and Francis Ng .
The Man Without a Body ( also known as Curse of Nostradamus ) is a low budget 1957 British horror film directed by Charles Saunders and W. Lee Wilder and starring Robert Hutton , George Coulouris and Julia Arnall .
Thee Kulikkum Pachai Maram is a 2013 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by duo M.Vineesh and M.Prabheesh , starring Prajin and Sarayu in lead roles .
She Knew All the Answers is a 1941 comedy film made by Columbia Pictures , directed by Richard Wallace , and starring by Joan Bennett and Franchot Tone .
Prison on Fire - Life Sentence is a 2001 Hong Kong crime thriller film directed by Edmond Yuen and starring Ben Wong , Iris Wong , Tommy Wong , William Ho , Lee Wai Kei , Chapman To and Bill Lung .
My Fan Ramu is a 2013 Malayalam film directed by debutant Nikhil K. Menon , starring Saiju Kurup and Rajeev Pillai in the lead roles .
Yathra ( Malayalam : യാത്ര , meaning The Journey ) is a 1985 Malayalam film directed by Balu Mahendra , and starring Mammootty and Shobana .
Let Us Live is a 1939 crime thriller film directed by John Brahm starring Maureen O'Sullivan , Henry Fonda and Ralph Bellamy .
The Legend of Silk Boy is a 2010 Chinese animated film directed by David Liu and starring Jackie Chan .
Huns and Hyphens is a 1918 American silent comedy film featuring Larry Semon and Stan Laurel .
Marguerite de Barbieux as Denise Desgranges Maud Richard as Germaine Montazon Séverin - Mars as Jacques Landauze / Dumontel Jean Toulout as Montazon
Night in Manhattan ( 1937 ) is a short musical film , starring Glenn Ford and directed by Herbert Moulton
Chaalis Chauraasi ( Hindi : चालीस चौरासी ; English : Forty Eighty Four ) , is a Bollywood crime comedy film directed by Hriday Shetty and starring Naseeruddin Shah , Atul Kulkarni , Kay Kay Menon and Ravi Kishan .
The Stolen Kiss is a 1920 American silent film romance drama starring Constance Binney .
Puli Vesham is a 2011 Tamil - language action film written and directed by P. Vasu , starring Karthik , R. K. , Sadha and newcomer Divya Vishwanath in lead roles .
The Last Rites of Ransom Pride is a 2010 American action - western film starring Lizzy Caplan and Scott Speedman in the title role .
Deadly Visions is a 2004 made - for - television film starring Nicollette Sheridan , Gordon Currie , Sarah Deakins , Philip Granger , Haili Page and Frida Betrani .
You 're Next is a 2011 American independent black comedy slasher film directed by Adam Wingard , written by Simon Barrett , and starring Sharni Vinson , Nicholas Tucci , Wendy Glenn , A. J. Bowen , and Joe Swanberg .
Mash and Peas was a parodic sketch show written by and starring Matt Lucas & David Walliams .
Mummy & Me stars Urvashi and Archana Kavi in the main lead and the remaining cast include Kunchacko Boban , Mukesh , Lalu Alex , Shari , Janardhanan , and Anoop Menon .
Liberty Stands Still is a 2002 crime thriller drama film starring Wesley Snipes and Linda Fiorentino .
British Market is a 1998 Malayalam film directed by Nizar and starring Vijayaraghavan , Jagathy Sreekumar , Sudheesh and Anju Aravind in major roles .
Sing As We Go is a 1934 British musical film starring Gracie Fields , John Loder and Stanley Holloway .
They Fought for Their Country ( Russian : Они сражались за Родину , translit . Oni srazhalis ' za Rodinu ) is a 1975 Soviet war film directed by Sergei Bondarchuk .
The King of the Kickboxers ( also known as Karate Tiger V and No Retreat , No Surrender 4 ) is a 1990 martial arts film directed by Lucas Lowe and starring Loren Avedon as Jake Donahue and Billy Blanks as Khan .
Adventures of a Plumber 's Mate is a 1978 British sex comedy film starring Christopher Neil as Sid South .
The Soul of Nigger Charley is a 1973 blaxploitation western film directed by Larry Spangler and starring Fred Williamson .
Who Was the Man ? is a 1921 American short Western film directed by Lee Kohlmar , released by Universal Film Mfg . Co. and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Yesterday Was a Lie is a 2008 neo - noir film written and directed by James Kerwin and starring Kipleigh Brown , Chase Masterson , John Newton , and Mik Scriba .
Bengal Brigade ( also known as Bengal Rifles ) is a 1954 American action film directed by Laslo Benedek and starring Rock Hudson , Arlene Dahl and Ursula Thiess .
Dudde Doddappa ( Kannada : ದುಡ್ಡೇ ದೊಡ್ಡಪ್ಪ ) is a 1966 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu .
City Guys was mainly centered on its two main characters , Jamal Grant ( Wesley Jonathan ) and Chris Anderson ( Scott Whyte ) , two teenagers from different backgrounds --
Battle of the Worlds ( Italian : Il Pianeta degli uomini spenti ) is a 1961 Italian science fiction film directed by Antonio Margheriti , starring Claude Rains , Bill Carter and Maya Brent .
The Man Who Walked Through the Wall ( German : Ein Mann geht durch die Wand ) is a 1959 West German comedy film directed by Ladislao Vajda , starring Heinz Rühmann and Nicole Courcel .
Love & Distrust is a 2010 direct - to - video romance film starring Robert Pattinson , Amy Adams , Sam Worthington , Robert Downey , Jr. and James Franco .
Venicile Vyapari , ( English : The Merchant of Venice ) is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Shafi , starring Mammootty , Kavya Madhavan and Poonam Bajwa .
Lord Jeff is a 1938 film starring Freddie Bartholomew as a spoiled orphan who gets mixed up with some crooks , but gets set straight by a stint in a school .
Miracle Run is a 2004 Lifetime Television film starring Mary - Louise Parker , Zac Efron , Bubba Lewis , Aidan Quinn and Alicia Morton
Big Bad Love is a 2001 film directed by Arliss Howard , who co - wrote the script with his brother , James Howard , based on a collection of short stories of the same name by Larry Brown .
Heartbreak Library ( Hangul : 그 남자의 책 198쪽 ; RR : Geu Namjaui Chaek 198-jjeuk ; lit . `` Page 198 of That Man 's Book '' ) is a 2008 South Korean romantic drama film starring Lee Dong - wook and Eugene .
The Perfect Age of Rock ' n ' Roll is a music - themed drama film starring Kevin Zegers and Jason Ritter and directed by Scott Rosenbaum .
A Funny Mahometan ( French : Le Musulman rigolo ) was an 1897 short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
Re - cycle ( Cantonese : 鬼域 Gwai wik ) is a 2006 horror film directed by the Pang Brothers and starring Angelica Lee .
Sarah Snook as Jessie Laurent Mark Webber as Preston Sanders David Andrews as Leon Laurent Joelle Carter as Kate Laurent Ana de la Reguera as Rosaura Amber Stevens as Jessabelle Larisa Oleynik as Samantha Chris Ellis as Sheriff Pruitt Brian Hallisay as Mark Lucius Baston as Mr. Woods Jason Davis as Surgeon Vaughan Wilson as Moses
The Most Hated Family in America is a 2007 BBC documentary film written and presented by Louis Theroux about the family at the core of the Westboro Baptist Church .
Three on a Limb is a 1936 American short comedy film directed by Charles Lamont and starring Buster Keaton .
Marianne and Juliane also marked the first time that von Trotta worked with Barbara Sukowa .
The Redemption of a Pal is a 1914 American silent drama short directed by Henry Otto starring Edith Borella , Charlotte Burton , George Field , Winifred Greenwood and Edward Coxen .
Aayiram Vilakku ( English : Thousand Lights ) is a 2011 Indian Tamil action film directed by S.P.Hosimin , in his second venture , starring Sathyaraj and Shanthnoo in the lead roles , whilst , Sana Khan and Suman play pivotal roles .
When Zachary Beaver Came to Town is a 2003 comedy - drama film starring Jonathan Lipnicki and Cody Linley .
The Big Cage is a 1933 American Pre - Code circus film released by Universal Pictures starring Clyde Beatty and Anita Page and featuring Raymond Hatton , Wallace Ford , Andy Devine and Mickey Rooney , with Walter Brennan and Louise Beavers in bit roles .
El Cantante is a 2006 biographical film which stars singers Marc Anthony and Jennifer Lopez .
Swantham Bharya Zindabad ( Malayalam : സ്വന്തം ഭാര്യ സിന്ദാബാദ്‌ ) is a 2010 Malayalam film produced by Rafi Mathira under the banner IFAR INTERNATIONAL and directed by Biju Vattappara , starring Guinnes Pakru , Mukesh and Sruthilakshmi in the lead roles .
Ten Benny is a 1995 film directed by Eric Bross , and stars Adrien Brody .
Dirty Heroes , also known as From Hell to Victory and Heroes Five ( Italian : Dalle Ardenne all'inferno ) , is a 1967 Italian `` macaroni combat '' war film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Frederick Stafford .
Monrak luk thung ( Thai : มนต์รักลูกทุ่ง , or Magical Love in the Countryside or Wonder of Luk Thung ) is a 1970 musical - comedy - romance film directed by Rungsri Tassanapuk and starring Mitr Chaibancha and Petchara Chaowarat .
When London Sleeps ( 1932 ) is a British crime film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Harold French , Francis L. Sullivan , Diana Beaumont and René Ray .
Heavy Metal in Baghdad is a 2007 rockumentary film following filmmakers Eddy Moretti and Suroosh Alvi as they track down the Iraqi heavy metal band Acrassicauda amidst the Iraq War .
Humanoids from the Deep , also known as Monster in Europe and Japan , is a 1980 American science fiction monster movie starring Doug McClure , Ann Turkel , and Vic Morrow .
Queen of Blood is a 1966 color science fiction - horror film , produced by George Edwards and Samuel Z. Arkoff , directed by Curtis Harrington , and starring John Saxon , Basil Rathbone , Dennis Hopper , and Judi Meredith .
Aata Bombata ( Kannada : ಆಟ ಬೊಂಬಾಟ ) is a 1990 Indian Kannada language film directed by B. C. Gowrishankar starring Shankar Nag and Srilatha in the lead roles .
Haan Maine Bhi Pyaar Kiya ( Yes I Have Loved As Well ) is a 2002 Bollywood romantic drama film starring Akshay Kumar , Abhishek Bachchan and Karisma Kapoor .
Andleeb is a Pakistani Urdu colour film starring Waheed Murad , Shabnam , Aliya , Lehri , Mustafa Qureshi , Ibrahim Nafees , Talish , `` Baby Jugnu '' Durdana and many others .
Lillian Gish - Eleanor Butterworth Henry B. Walthall - Lord Chumley Mary Alden Walter Miller Charles Hill Mailes William J. Butler Thornton Cole Helen Hart Laura La Varnie Gus Pixley José Ruben Charles West - Undetermined Role
The Old Dark House is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy horror film directed by James Whale and starring Boris Karloff .
The Bone Collector is a 1999 psychological thriller film starring Denzel Washington and Angelina Jolie , directed by Phillip Noyce and produced by Martin Bregman .
These Dangerous Years ( AKA Dangerous Youth ) is a 1957 British comedy musical film directed by Herbert Wilcox and starring George Baker , Frankie Vaughan , Carole Lesley , Thora Hird , Kenneth Cope , David Lodge and John Le Mesurier .
Bench Talkies - The First Bench is a 2015 independent Tamil anthology film written and directed by six directors such as Karthik Subbaraj , Anil Krishnan , Gopakumar , Charukesh Sekar , Monesh and Rathnakumar R M. The film features an ensemble cast including Vijay Sethupathi , Guru Somasundharam , Sananth Reddy , Rishikanth Rajendran .
If You See God , Tell Him is a black comedy television series starring Richard Briers , Adrian Edmondson , and Imelda Staunton .
The Man from Beyond is a 1922 film starring Harry Houdini as a man found frozen in arctic ice who is brought back to life .
Anandam ( English : Happiness ) is a 2001 Telugu romance film , directed by Srinu Vaitla and starred Jai Akash and Rekha Vedavyas in lead roles .
Art of the Devil tells the story of Boom ( Supaksorn Chaimongkol ) , a young Thai girl who meets a married man named Prathan ( Tin Settachoke ) at a country club .
Aag Ke Sholay ( English translation - Flames of Fire ) is 1988 Hindi Language Movie directed by S R Pratap and starring Hemant Birje , Gulshan Grover , Vijeta Pandit , Sumeet Saigal , Sripada , Rashmi Inder .
This Revolution is a 2005 political film starring Rosario Dawson .
The Rainbow Thief is a 1990 film directed by cult filmmaker Alejandro Jodorowsky and written by Berta Domínguez D. It reunites Lawrence of Arabia co - stars Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif in a fable of friendship .
Socialphobia ( Hangul : 소셜포비아 ; RR : Sosyeolpobia ) is a 2015 South Korean thriller / drama film starring Byun Yo - han and Lee Joo - seung .
Other tenants in the building are Sandy Baron as comedian Chuck Hookstratten , Jack ( Michael Constantine ) who was a photographer , glamorous Theresa ( Pamela Rodgers ) and her roommate and best friend Kyoto ( Miko Mayama ) , who frequently yells , `` Hey , Landlord ! '' thus giving the show its title .
Mistress of the World ( German : Die Herrin der Welt , French : Les mystères d'Angkor , Italian : Il mistero dei tre continenti ) is a 1960 German - French - Italian science fiction - spy film directed by William Dieterle and starring Martha Hyer and Carlos Thompson .
Alraune , die Henkerstochter , genannt die rote Hanne ( Alraune , the Hangman 's Daughter , Named Red Hanna ) is a 1918 silent science fiction horror film directed by Eugen Illés and Joseph Klein and starring Max Auzinger in which a Doctor uses the sperm of a dead man to impregnate a prostitute .
Silent Gunpowder ( Serbo - Croatian : ' ' Gluvi barut '' ) is a 1990 Yugoslavian war film directed by Bato Čengić , starring Mustafa Nadarević , Branislav Lečić , Fabijan Šovagović , Mira Furlan , Boro Stjepanović and Josip Pejaković .
Smokin ' Stogies is a 2001 American crime film starring Frank Vincent , Tony Sirico , Joseph Marino and written and directed by Vincent Di Rosa .
Triplets on Board ( German : Drillinge an Bord ) is a 1959 West German comedy film directed by Hans Müller and starring Heinz Erhardt , Ann Smyrner and Ingrid van Bergen .
The Vegas Strip Wars ( also called The Las Vegas Strip Wars ) is a 1984 television movie directed by George Englund and starred Rock Hudson ( his final television movie ) , Sharon Stone , James Earl Jones and Pat Morita .
Girls to Marry ( German : Mädchen zum Heiraten ) is a 1932 German romantic comedy film directed by Wilhelm Thiele and starring Renate Müller , Hermann Thimig and Wolf Albach - Retty .
Viruthan Shanku ( Malayalam : വിരുതൻ ശങ്കു ) is a 1968 Malayalam comedy film directed by P. Venu , starring Adoor Bhasi and Ambika in the lead roles .
Space Cowboys is a 2000 American space disaster drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood .
Mundeyan Ton Bachke Rahin ( English : Beware of Boys ) is a Punjabi romantic comedy film starring Roshan Prince , Jassi Gill , Simran Kaur Mundi , Sunny Gill , Bharti Singh and Anshu ( Preeto ) Sawhney .
Aakhri Ghulam is a 1989 Hindi - language Indian feature film directed by Shibbu Mitra , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Raj Babbar , Sonam , Shreedhara , Shakti Kapoor , Moushmi Chatterjee , Anupam Kher and Anu Kapoor .
Aunt Rachel is a 1920 British silent drama film directed by Albert Ward and starring Isobel Elsom , Haidee Wright and James Lindsay .
Naked Girl Killed in the Park ( Italian : Ragazza tutta nuda assassinata nel parco , Spanish : Joven de buena familia sospechosa de asesinato ) is a 1972 giallo film directed by Alfonso Brescia and starring Robert Hoffmann .
The Brotherhood of Satan is a 1971 low - budget horror film written , produced and starring L. Q. Jones It was directed by Bernard McEveety and also stars Strother Martin .
Faith Under Fire is a television series that aired every Saturday at 10 pm EST on PAX TV and was hosted by Lee Strobel .
Big Miracle is a 2012 British - American family drama film starring Drew Barrymore and John Krasinski .
Radar Secret Service is a 1950 action film starring John Howard , produced by Barney A. Sarecky and directed by Sam Newfield .
However , the character names and indeed their roles differ - Stanley Fung 's character is the nominal `` leader '' of the quintet in Winners and Sinners , whereas Hung 's character takes the mantle in the latter films .
Bloodbath at the House of Death is a 1983 comedy horror film starring the British comedian Kenny Everett and featuring Vincent Price .
A Blueprint for Murder is a 1953 thriller film noir starring Joseph Cotten , Jean Peters , and Gary Merrill .
Bridge over the Elbe or The Legion of No Return ( Italian : Quel maledetto ponte sull'Elba , Spanish : No importa morir ) is a 1969 Italian - Spanish war film directed by León Klimovsky and starring Tab Hunter , Howard Ross and Erika Wallner .
The Chief Cook is a 1917 American silent comedy film featuring Oliver Hardy .
Harry Morgan , another cast member in The Mountain Road , later said he believed that Stewart made an `` exception for this film because it was definitely anti - war . ''
The Gold Ghost is a 1934 short American comedy film starring Buster Keaton .
Moment to Moment is a 1966 film directed by Mervyn LeRoy starring Jean Seberg as a married woman who has an affair which leads to murder .
These Thousand Hills is a 1959 Western film starring Patricia Owens , Alfred Hayes and Richard Egan , and based on the novel of the same name by A. B. Guthrie Jr ..
Pure Country is a 1992 American dramatic musical western film directed by Christopher Cain and starring George Strait in his acting debut , with Lesley Ann Warren , Isabel Glasser and Kyle Chandler .
Kanthaswamy ( Tamil : கந்தசாமி , Kantacāmi ? ) is a 2009 Tamil language Action film written and directed by Susi Ganesan starring Vikram in the titular role .
North to Alaska is a 1960 comedic Western film directed by Henry Hathaway and John Wayne ( uncredited ) .
Thai Veedu is a 1983 Tamil language film directed by R. Thyagarajan , starring Rajnikanth and Anita Raj in the lead roles .
Naa Illu ( Telugu : నా ఇల్లు ; English title : My Home ) is a 1953 Telugu film produced and directed by Chittor V. Nagaiah .
Dad 's Army deals almost exclusively with over age men , and featured older British actors , including Arthur Lowe , John Le Mesurier , Arnold Ridley and John Laurie .
The Sailor from Gibraltar is a 1967 British drama film directed by Tony Richardson and starring Jeanne Moreau , Vanessa Redgrave , Ian Bannen , Orson Welles and John Hurt .
Old Mother Riley 's Jungle Treasure is a low budget 1951 British comedy film , the penultimate in the long running Old Mother Riley series starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane .
Story of Kennedy Town ( 西環的故事 ) is a 1990 Hong Kong action drama film directed by Wu Ma and starring Waise Lee , Mark Cheng and Aaron Kwok as three close friends living in poverty whom decide to join the police force .
When Empty Hearts Are Filled is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Louise Lester , Vivian Rich , and Harry von Meter .
Kuch Naa Kaho ( Hindi : कुछ ना कहो , translation : Do n't Say Anything ) is a 2003 Bollywood romantic drama film , directed by Rohan Sippy , starring Abhishek Bachchan , Aishwarya Rai and Arbaaz Khan .
Adiverukal is a 1986 Indian Malayalam film , produced by Mohanlal and Kochumon and directed by P. Anil , who later became famous as Douthyam Anil .
Homesick for St. Pauli ( German : Heimweh nach St. Pauli ) is a 1963 German drama film directed by Werner Jacobs and starring Freddy Quinn , Josef Albrecht and Ullrich Haupt .
Heedless Moths also stars Holmes Herbert and Hedda Hopper .
The Stranger Wore a Gun is a 1953 Western film directed by André De Toth and starring Randolph Scott , Claire Trevor , and Joan Weldon .
Fräulein Veronika is a 1936 Austrian - Swiss comedy film directed by Veit Harlan and starring Thekla Ahrens , Carl Esmond and Hans Moser .
Ishq Hai Tumse is a 2004 Indian musical - romance film starring Dino Morea and Bipasha Basu .
Demonwarp is a 1987 science fiction / horror film directed by Emmett Alston and starring George Kennedy .
Naked Therapy ( Spanish : Terapia al desnudo ) is a 1975 Spanish comedy film directed by Pedro Lazaga and starring Carmen Sevilla , José María Íñigo and Ramiro Oliveros .
Three Smart Girls is a 1936 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Barbara Read , Nan Grey , Deanna Durbin , and Ray Milland .
Chasing the Deer ( later re - titled Culloden 1746 ) is a 1994 British war film directed by Graham Holloway and starring Brian Blessed , Lewis Rae , Iain Cuthbertson , Fish and Mathew Zajac .
Paradise for Three , titled Romance for Three in the United Kingdom , is a 1938 romantic comedy film starring Frank Morgan as a wealthy industrialist who decides to find out about his German workers by temporarily living among them incognito .
The Lost Saucer was about two friendly time - travelling androids from the year 2369 named Fi ( Ruth Buzzi ) and Fum ( Jim Nabors ) who land their flying saucer on present day Earth .
Next Time We Love is a 1936 melodrama film directed by Edward H. Griffith and starring Margaret Sullavan , James Stewart and Ray Milland .
Giada at Home is a television show hosted by Giada De Laurentiis .
National Lampoon 's Pucked ( also known as Pucked , and National Lampoon 's The Trouble with Frank ) is a 2006 comedy movie starring Jon Bon Jovi in the main role .
Now We 're in the Air ( 1927 ) is a silent film starring the unofficial late-1920s intermittent comedy team of Wallace Beery and Raymond Hatton ; and Louise Brooks , who plays twins .
Six - Shooter Justice is a 1917 American Western film featuring Harry Carey .
What 's Cookin ' ? is a 1942 American musical film starring The Andrews Sisters , Jane Frazee , Robert Paige and Gloria Jean .
Five Came Back is a 1939 American black - and - white melodrama from RKO Radio Pictures , produced by Robert Sisk , directed by John Farrow , and starring Chester Morris and Lucille Ball .
Dangerous Ishhq ( Dangerous Love ) is a 2012 Bollywood Supernatural thriller film directed by Vikram Bhatt and starring Karisma Kapoor in the lead role .
The Great Garrick is a 1937 American historical comedy film directed by James Whale and starring Brian Aherne , Olivia de Havilland , and Edward Everett Horton .
Bartok the Magnificent , directed by Don Bluth and Gary Goldman , is a 1999 direct - to - video spin - off to the 1997 film Anastasia , which features Hank Azaria as the voice of Bartok , Kelsey Grammer as the voice of Zozi , and Jennifer Tilly as Piloff .
Vyooham is a 1990 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Sangeeth Sivan , starring Raghuvaran , Sukumaran , Captain Raju , Babu Antony , Urvashi , Rajan P. Dev and Parvathy Jayaram .
Venus fra Vestø ( literally , Venus from West Island ) is a 1962 Danish comedy war film directed by Annelise Reenberg and starring Malene Schwartz .
The Nativity Story is a 2006 epic biblical drama film based on the nativity of Jesus starring Keisha Castle - Hughes and Shohreh Aghdashloo .
Operation Pacific is a 1951 World War II submarine film starring John Wayne and Patricia Neal , featuring Ward Bond and Philip Carey and directed by George Waggner .
Mr. Belvedere Rings the Bell is a 1951 comedy film , the third and final one starring Clifton Webb as Lynn Belvedere .
Music From and Inspired by the Film Knocked Up , an original soundtrack album , was composed for the film by folk singer - songwriter Loudon Wainwright III and Joe Henry .
The Abandonment is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helene Rosson , Forrest Taylor and Harry von Meter .
The Glitter Dome is a 1984 made - for - HBO film starring James Garner , Margot Kidder and John Lithgow .
The Slim Princess is a 1920 American comedy film starring Mabel Normand , directed by Victor Schertzinger , produced by Samuel Goldwyn , and written by Gerald C. Duffy based on a musical play of the same name by Henry Blossom and Leslie Stuart , which was from a story by George Ade .
Too Soon to Love , also known as High School Honeymoon , is a ( 1960 ) American exploitation film starring Richard Evans , Jennifer West and Jack Nicholson .
The Guy Who Came Back is a 1951 film made by 20th Century Fox , directed by Joseph M. Newman , and starring by Paul Douglas , Joan Bennett and Linda Darnell .
Fear in Fun Park is a 1989 TV film featuring Simon Dutton as Simon Templar , the crimefighter also known as The Saint .
None but the Brave , also known as Yūsha nomi ( 勇者のみ None but the brave men ) in Japan , is a 1965 war film starring Frank Sinatra ( although in a supporting role ) , Clint Walker , Tatsuya Mihashi , Tommy Sands and Brad Dexter .
Brother , Cry for Me is a 1970 adventure film starring Leslie Parrish , Larry Pennell and Richard Davalos .
A Skin , A Night is a 2008 documentary film featuring the American indie rock band The National .
L.A. Bounty is a 1989 drama film directed by Worth Keeter , starring Sybil Danning , Wings Hauser and Blackie Dammett .
Tomorrow at Ten is a 1962 British thriller film directed by Lance Comfort and starring John Gregson , Robert Shaw , Kenneth Cope and William Hartnell in his final film appearance .
The Spring is a 1989 independent movie , not available in video , about archaeologists Andy ( Dack Rambo ) and Matty ( Gedde Watanabe ) , who discover a diary written by a member of Ponce de León 's exploration party , which they believe can lead them to the Fountain of Youth .
Acting on Impulse is a 1993 film starring Linda Fiorentino , Nancy Allen and C. Thomas Howell .
The Lawless Nineties is a 1936 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring John Wayne and Lane Chandler as federal agents in Wyoming .
Stay Away , Joe is a 1968 Western - comedy film , with musical interludes , set in modern times and starring Elvis Presley , Burgess Meredith and Joan Blondell .
Amaidhi Padai ( Tamil : அமைதிப்படை ) is a 1994 Tamil film directed by Manivannan .
Let 's Rock Again ! is a music documentary film following Joe Strummer as he tours across the United States and Japan with his band the Mescaleros promoting their second album Global a Go - Go .
Elephant Walk is a 1954 Paramount Pictures film , directed by William Dieterle , and starring Elizabeth Taylor , Dana Andrews , Peter Finch and Abraham Sofaer .
Los Enchiladas ! is a 1999 film written , directed by and starring stand - up comedian Mitch Hedberg .
Under Western Stars is a 1938 American Western film directed by Joseph Kane and starring Roy Rogers , Smiley Burnette , Carol Hughes , and the Maple City Four .
The Bong Connection is a 2006 English - language Indian film starring Raima Sen , Shayan Munshi and Parambrata Chatterjee and directed by Anjan Dutt .
Brooklyn Force is a fan film written and directed by Adam Bertocci .
En Jeevan Paduthu is a 1988 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by R. Sundarrajan starring Karthik and Saranya in lead roles , supported by Sudha , Captain Raju and Kapil Dev .
Cass Timberlane is a romantic drama film starring Spencer Tracy , Lana Turner and Zachary Scott , directed by George Sidney , and released in 1947 .
Ideal Woman Sought ( German : Ideale Frau gesucht ) is a 1952 Austrian musical film directed by Franz Antel and starring Inge Egger , Jeanette Schultze and Waltraut Haas .
Black Gunn is a 1972 Neo Noir blaxploitation film starring Jim Brown and Martin Landau and directed by Robert Hartford - Davis .
The Kovak Box is a 2006 Spanish - British thriller film directed by Daniel Monzón and starring Timothy Hutton , Lucía Jiménez , Annette Badland and David Kelly .
House of Horrors ( also known as Murder Mansion , The Sinister Shadow and Joan Medford is Missing ) is a 1946 American horror film released by Universal Pictures , starring Rondo Hatton as a madman named `` The Creeper . ''
Secret Cutting ( also known as Painful Secrets ) is a 2000 made - for - TV movie directed by Norma Bailey , starring Kimberlee Peterson and Rhea Perlman , about a self - harming teenager , focusing on and her relation with family , friend and acquaintances .
Carbide and Sorrel ( German : Karbid und Sauerampfer ) is a 1963 East German comedy film directed by Frank Beyer and starring Erwin Geschonneck .
Dancehall Queen is a 1997 independent Jamaican film starring Audrey Reid , who plays Marcia , a street vendor struggling to raise two daughters .
The Almost Guys is a 2004 American comedy film written and directed by Eric Fleming , produced by Andrea Michaud and starring an ensemble cast .
A Killer Within is a 2004 film featuring C. Thomas Howell as Addison Terrill , Sean Young as Rebecca Terrill , Ben Browder as Sam Moss , Dedee Pfeiffer as Sarah Moss and Giancarlo Esposito as Vargas .
Slightly Single in L.A. is an American romantic comedy film , written and directed by Christie Will and starring Lacey Chabert , Kip Pardue , Haylie Duff , Carly Schroeder , Jenna Dewan , and Jonathan Bennett .
Case départ ( Tee box ) is a 2011 French comedy film directed by Lionel Steketee , Fabrice Eboué and Thomas N'Gijol .
Wagons East ! ( stylised onscreen as Wagons East ) is a 1994 western comedy film directed by Peter Markle and starring John Candy and Richard Lewis .
Watch Your Stern is a 1960 British comedy film directed by Gerald Thomas and starring Kenneth Connor , Eric Barker and Leslie Phillips .
Acı Zafer is a 1972 Turkish film , directed by Halit Refiğ and starring Yilmaz Köksal , Deniz Erkanat , Turgut Özatay .
Of Love and Shadows , also known as De amor y de sombras , is a 1994 Argentine - American drama film written and directed by Betty Kaplan and starring Antonio Banderas , Jennifer Connelly , Stefania Sandrelli and Patricio Contreras .
Mahathma is a 1996 Malayalam crime - drama Directed by Shaji Kailas , with Suresh Gopi , Ganesh Kumar , Devan , Rajan P. Dev , Biju Menon and Ramya Krishnan appearing in lead roles , this film revolved the growth of an underworld don .
East of Sudan is a 1964 British adventure film directed by Nathan Juran and featuring Anthony Quayle , Sylvia Syms and Derek Fowlds .
The Heart of Texas Ryan aka The Light of Western Stars is a 1917 American silent romantic western film starring Tom Mix and Bessie Eyton and directed by E.A. Martin .
Navajo Joe is a 1966 Spaghetti Western film , directed by Sergio Corbucci , and stars Burt Reynolds as the titular Navajo Indian who opposes a group of bandits responsible for killing his tribe .
Fatty and Minnie He - Haw is a 1914 American short comedy film directed by and starring Roscoe Arbuckle .
Kodama Simham ( English : Majestic Lion ) is a 1990 Telugu Cowboy film starring Chiranjeevi , Bollywood actor Pran , Sonam , and Radha play other important roles .
Red Apples Falling is a feature film starring Jim Jones and members of Dipset ByrdGang .
Kindled Courage is a 1923 American Western film directed by William Worthington and featuring Hoot Gibson .
Monsieur Klein ( Mr. Klein ) is a 1976 French film directed by Joseph Losey , with Alain Delon starring in the title role .
A Fight for Love was a 1919 American Western film directed by John Ford and featuring Harry Carey .
Women Do n't Want To ( Italian : Le donne non vogliono più ) is a 1993 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Pino Quartullo .
Mugguru Monagallu ( Telugu : ముగ్గురు మొనగాళ్ళు ) is a Tollywood film which released on 7 January 1994 and was produced by Chiranjeevi 's brothers Nagendra Babu and Pawan Kalyan .
The voices of Granpa and Emily are by Peter Ustinov and Emily Osborne .
Il suo nome è Donna Rosa ( Italian for Her name is Donna Rosa ) is a 1969 Italian musicarello film directed by Ettore Maria Fizzarotti and starring Al Bano and Romina Power .
Baagyavathi is a 1957 Indian Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan , Padmini and M. N. Rajam in the lead roles .
The Death Kiss ( 1932 ) is an American Pre - Code mystery film starring David Manners as a crusading studio writer , Adrienne Ames as an actress , and Bela Lugosi as a studio manager .
Tempting Fate is a 1998 television film starring Tate Donovan and directed by Peter Werner .
Daava is a 1997 Hindi action movie directed by Sunil Agnihotri and starring Akshay Kumar , Raveena Tandon , Naseeruddin Shah and Akshay Anand .
Human Stuff is a 1920 American western film produced and released by Universal Film Manufacturing Company , directed by B. Reeves Eason and starring Harry Carey .
Tennessee 's Partner is a 1955 American Western film directed by Allan Dwan , written by Graham Baker , D.D. Beauchamp , Milton Krims , and Teddi Sherman with uncredited rewrites by Dwan , and starring John Payne , Ronald Reagan , Rhonda Fleming , and Coleen Gray .
Murder in Reverse is a 1945 British thriller film directed by Montgomery Tully and starring William Hartnell , Jimmy Hanley and Chili Bouchier .
Satan 's Harvest is a 1970 South African film directed by George Montgomery who also starred along with Tippi Hedren and singer Matt Monro .
Most Promising Young Actress ( French : Meilleur espoir féminin ) is a 2000 French comedy film , directed by Gérard Jugnot .
90 Days , Time to Love ( Hangul : 90일 , 사랑할 시간 ; RR : 90il , saranghal sigan ) is a 2006 South Korean television series starring Kang Ji - hwan , Kim Ha - neul , Jung Hye - young and Yoon Hee - seok .
Compliments of Mister Flow or Mister Flow is a 1936 French mystery film directed by Robert Siodmak and starring Fernand Gravey , Edwige Feuillère and Louis Jouvet .
Hunt Angels is a 2006 Australian docudrama , directed by Alec Morgan , starring Victoria Hill and Ben Mendelsohn .
News Attack is a 1989 Hong Kong action thriller drama film co - written and directed by Samson Chiu and starring Andy Lau , Michael Miu and Wilson Lam .
Tropic Holiday is a 1938 American musical film directed by Theodore Reed and starring Bob Burns , Dorothy Lamour and Ray Milland .
The Black Secret is a 1919 American adventure film serial directed by George B. Seitz .
Bandook is a 2013 Bollywood crime film starring Aditya Om , Manisha Kelkar and Arshad Khan as lead characters . The film is directed and produced by Aditya Om and Mohammed M.K. Sheikh .
He slowly goes insane editing the gory scenes and goes on his own rampage as Evil Ed , beating the friendly filmgeek Nick ( Per Löfberg ) up , taking his girlfriend hostage and having a shootout with special forces led by Gert Fylking .
Inside the Actors Studio is an American television show on the Bravo cable television channel , hosted by James Lipton .
Art Machine is a 2012 film by writer / director Doug Karr starring Joseph Cross , Jessica Szohr , and Joey Lauren Adams .
Bandits of the West is a 1953 American western film directed by Harry Keller and starring Allan Lane , Cathy Downs and Eddy Waller .
Unknown White Male is a 2005 documentary film directed by Rupert Murray , covering the life of his childhood friend Doug Bruce , a British resident of New York who appeared to suffer from sudden amnesia , who woke up on a subway train in Coney Island in 2003 , not knowing who or where he was .
Maneh - ye Pain ( Persian : منه پايين‎ , also Romanized as Maneh - ye Pā’īn ; also known as Manneh - ye Pāeen ) is a village in Zarabad - e Gharbi Rural District , Zarabad District , Konarak County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Kharkushi ( Persian : خركوشي‎ , also Romanized as Kharkūshī ; also known as Gūshkī , Kargūshkī , Kar Gūshkī , Khargūshī , and Kharguskki ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Faram Rudbar Hajji Sadeq ( Persian : فرام رودبارحاجي صادق‎ , also Romanized as Farām Rūdbār Ḩājjī Şādeq ) is a village in Sajjadrud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Sharqi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kolonia Myśliborzyce ( kɔˈlɔɲa mɨɕlibɔˈʐɨt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Castro Marim and Vila Real de Santo António Marsh Natural Reserve ( Portuguese : Reserva Natural do Sapal de Castro Marim e Vila Real de Santo António ) is a natural reserve in Portugal .
Sarmasti ( Persian : سرمستي‎ , also Romanized as Sarmastī ) is a village in Qaen Rural District , in the Central District of Qaen County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Ariglu ( Persian : اريگلو‎ , also Romanized as Arīglū ; also known as Arīklū ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Formosa Peak or Peak Formosa is the highest point of the Tsitsikamma Mountains , a coastal range located along the Garden Route in South Africa , and forming part of the Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve .
Castelfranco Veneto ( Venetian : Casteło ) is a town and comune of Veneto , northern Italy , in the province of Treviso , 30 kilometres ( 19 miles ) by rail from the town of Treviso .
Funtana Coberta ( Sardinian : Sa Funtana Coberta ) is a holy pit ( subterranean temple ) in Sarrabus - Gerrei , a traditional subregion of Sardinia , Italy .
Bertz + Fischer Verlag is a publishing house located in Berlin , Germany .
The Reichszeugmeisterei ( RZM ) , formally located in Munich , was the first and eventually the primary Zeugmeisterei ( quartermaster 's office ) , as well as the national material control office of Nazi Germany .
Lesko County ( Polish : powiat leski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland , on the Slovak border .
Kleine Brogel Air Base ( ICAO : EBBL ) is a Belgian Air Component military airfield located in Kleine Brogel , in the municipality Peer , Belgium .
Nedstryn Church ( Norwegian : Nedstryn kyrkje ) is a parish church in Stryn Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Aryad North is at the northern part of Aryad panchayat of Alappuzha district , Kerala , India .
Chieti railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Chieti ) serves the city and comune of Chieti , in the region of Abruzzo , southern Italy .
The Penang Global City Centre ( PGCC ) was a proposed project to be located at Penang Turf Club on Penang Island , Malaysia .
Cromer Pier is a Grade II listed seaside pier in the civil parish of Cromer on the north coast of the English county of Norfolk , 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) due north of the city of Norwich in the United Kingdom .
The Upper Rhine ( German : Oberrhein ) is the section of the Rhine in the Upper Rhine Plain between Basle in Switzerland and Bingen in Germany .
Lautrec ( Occitan : Lautrèc ) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France .
Ļaudona parish ( Latvian : Ļaudonas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Madona Municipality , Latvia .
Bandevan ( Persian : بندوان‎ , also Romanized as Bandevān ; also known as Bandebān ) is a village in Raviz Rural District , Koshkuiyeh District , Rafsanjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Bremstein Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Bremstein fyr ) is a lighthouse in the municipality of Vega in Nordland county , Norway .
Papanui Inlet is the northernmost of two large inlets in the Pacific coast of Otago Peninsula , in the South Island of New Zealand .
Vitebsk State University ( more fully `` Vitebsk State University named after P.M. Masherov '' ) is a tertiary institute in Vitebsk , Belarus .
Portogruaro is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Venice , Veneto , northern Italy .
Technical University of Mombasa ( TUM ) is a public Technical university located in the coastal city of Mombasa , Kenya .
Cerro Blanco is a hill and historical landmark in the city of Santiago , Chile .
The Tumuk Humak Mountains ( Dutch : Toemoek - Hoemakgebergte , Portuguese : Serra do Tumucumaque , French : Monts Tumuc Humac ) are a mountain range in South America , stretching about 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) east -- west in the border area between Brazil in the south and Suriname and French Guiana in the north .
Ju County or Juxian ( Chinese : 莒县 ; pinyin : Jǔ Xiàn ) is a county of Rizhao City , Shandong Province , People 's Republic of China .
Rospiggarna is a motorcycle speedway team based in Hallstavik , Sweden .
Lepsiushaus is a house museum in Potsdam , Germany .
Överkalix ( Finnish : Ylikainuu ) is a locality and the seat of Överkalix Municipality in Norrbotten County , Sweden with 975 inhabitants in 2010 .
Mata Elang International Stadium or MEIS is an international music stadium located at Ancol Dreamland , Jakarta , Indonesia .
Teteven Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Тетевен ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Lovech Province , Central - North Bulgaria , located from the northern slopes of the central Stara planina mountain to the area of the Fore - Balkan .
The Ministry of Defence Guard Service ( MGS ) is part of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation of the Ministry of Defence , and provides military establishments across the United Kingdom with unarmed security guards and patrol services .
Shirinag ( Persian : شيرينگ‎ , also Romanized as Shīrīnag ; also known as Shīrīnak ) is a village in Golzar Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The Mulkear River , or Mulcair , rises in the Slievefelim and Silvermine Mountains in Ireland , flows through the east of County Limerick before joining the River Shannon near Annacotty .
Ragala is a town in central western Sri Lanka .
Cumbayá is a rural parish of the Metropolitan District of Quito in the Pichincha Province , Ecuador .
Tennenlohe is a district of the city of Erlangen in Middle Franconia , Germany , located about 6 km south of the city centre at the motorway A 3 .
Ougarta Range or Mountains of Ougarta ( Arabic : سلاسل الوقارتة‎ , French : Chaînes d'Ougarta ) are a mountain range in the Saoura area of southwestern Algeria .
Ørmen is a village in Fredrikstad municipality , Norway .
Silesian Beskids Landscape Park ( Polish : Park Krajobrazowy Beskidu Śląskiego ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in southern Poland , established in 1998 , covering an area of 386.2 square kilometres ( 149.1 sq mi ) in the Silesian Beskids mountain range .
Khowshtar - e Sofla ( Persian : خوشترسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Khowshtar - e Soflá ; also known as Khowshtar - e Pā’īn , Khoshtar , and Kushtār ) is a village in Ayask Rural District , in the Central District of Sarayan County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Skiwy Duże ( ˈskivɨ ˈduʐɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siemiatycze , within Siemiatycze County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Petritsi ( Greek : Πετρίτσι ) is a former municipality in the Serres regional unit , Greece .
Nandavara is a village in Bantwal taluka , at Dakshina Kannada , Karnataka , India .
Urad Middle Banner ( Mongolian : ᠤᠷᠠᠳ ᠤᠨ ᠳᠤᠮᠳᠠᠳᠤ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Urad - un Dumdadu Qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 乌拉特中旗 ; traditional Chinese : 烏拉特中旗 ; pinyin : Wūlātè Zhōng Qí ) is a banner of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region , People 's Republic of China .
Amerindios was a folk music group from Chile which was active in the years between 1969 and 1973 .
The Sikanni Chief River is a river in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of the northern interior of British Columbia , Canada .
BUNDjugend ( Young Friends of the Earth Germany ) is the youth organisation of the Bund für Umwelt und Naturschutz Deutschland ( BUND ) .
Sangsila ( Urdu : سنگسیلا‎ ) is a town near Dera Bugti , Balochistan , Pakistan .
The Russell Islands are two small islands ( Pavuvu and Mbanika ) , as well as several islets , of volcanic origin , in the Central Province of Solomon Islands .
The Pineroot River is a waterway in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Northern Region of Manitoba , Canada , approximately 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) north of Bakers Narrows .
Hällingsåfallet is a waterfall and a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
Håkvik ( Northern Sami : Ginnasluokta ) is a village in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county , Norway .
Bernier Island is one of three islands that comprise the Bernier and Dorre Island Nature Reserve in the Shark Bay World Heritage area in Western Australia .
Mamerki ( maˈmɛrki ) ( German : Mauerwald ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Węgorzewo , within Węgorzewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Olo n : o 22 is an outdoor sculpture in Hietalahti , Helsinki , Finland .
Posht Bisheh ( Persian : پشت بيشه‎ , also Romanized as Posht Bīsheh ) is a village in Zalaqi - ye Gharbi Rural District , Besharat District , Aligudarz County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Saskylakh ( Russian : Саскылах ; Sakha : Сааскылаах ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Anabarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located on the right bank of the Anabar River , on which it is one of the main ports .
Ruunaanjärvi is a medium - sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area in Finland .
The Haut Sex ( also known as Pointe de Recon ) ( 1,961 m ) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps , located on the border between Switzerland and France .
Takapuwahia , also known as Porirua Pa , is the oldest settlement of Porirua City in the lower North Island of New Zealand .
Pakur railway station ( code : PKR ) is an important station of Pakur district , located in Pakur , Jharkhand , India .
Mooney 's Bay Park is a public park in Ottawa , Canada on the Rideau River .
Telezhyonka ( Russian : Тележёнка ) is a village in Yasnogorsky District of Tula Oblast , Russia .
The Battle of Fossalta was an episode of the War of the Guelphs and Ghibellines in northern Italy .
The Al Jaghbub Oasis is a protected area in northeastern Libya lying close to the border with Egypt .
Kirchschlag in der Buckligen Welt is a municipality in the district of Wiener Neustadt - Land in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Strömmensberg is a district in Gothenburg , Sweden , which belongs to Örgryte .
Kalkara ( Maltese : Il - Kalkara ) is a small picturesque village in the South Eastern Region of Malta , with a population of 3,014 as of March 2014 .
Naluchi ( Ur : نالوچی ) is a neighborhood in Muzaffarabad , Pakistan .
Mowtowr - e Alizadeh ( Persian : موتورعليزاده‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAlīzādeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
SunLife is a UK - based insurance business with its headquarters in Bristol , United Kingdom .
Kfar Silver ( Hebrew : כְּפַר סִילְבֶר , lit . Silver Village ) is a youth village in southern Israel .
Angkor Thom ( Khmer : អង្គរធំ ; literally : `` Great City '' ) , located in present - day Cambodia , was the last and most enduring capital city of the Khmer empire .
Drušče ( pronounced ( ˈdɾuːʃtʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Boštanj in the Municipality of Sevnica in central Slovenia .
Port of Savona ( Italian : Porto di Savona ) is a port in Savona , Italy .
Bottnaryd Church ( Swedish : Bottnaryds kyrka ) is a wooden church building in Bottnaryd , Sweden .
Solčava ( pronounced ( sɔlˈtʃaːʋa ) ; German : Sulzbach ) is a village in the Upper Savinja Valley in northern Slovenia close to the Austrian border .
Matatai is a village on the south coast of New Ireland , Papua New Guinea , on Lanisso Bay .
Elandskloof Dam is a gravity type dam located on the Elands River , near Villiersdorp , Western Cape , South Africa .
L'Aquila Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo dell'Aquila ; Cattedrale metropolitana dei Santi Massimo e Giorgio ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral in L'Aquila , Abruzzo , Italy , dedicated to Saint Maximus of Aveia and Saint George .
Estadio Centenario is a stadium in the Parque Batlle neighborhood of Montevideo , Uruguay , used primarily for football .
Lake Varaždin ( Croatian : Varaždinsko jezero ) is a reservoir on the Drava in northern Croatia .
The Instituto Superior de Intérpretes y Traductores , S.C. ( in English : Superior Institute of Interpreters and Translators ) , commonly known as ISIT , is a private university located in Mexico City , Mexico .
Seth Hirachand Mutha College is a college located in Kalyan west , Maharashtra , India .
Lalim is a civil parish ( freguesia ) in Lamego Municipality in the Viseu District of the Norte Region of Portugal .
Angowice ( anɡɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Hennigsdorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Chojnice , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Roshtqal'a ( Tajik : Роштқалъа ) , ( Persian : راشت‌قلعه‎ ) , is the capital of Roshtqal'a District in Gorno - Badakhshan Autonomous Province in south - east Tajikistan is located .
Rovira i Virgili University ( Catalan : Universitat Rovira i Virgili , URV ; IPA : ( uniβərsiˈtad ruˈβiɾə j βirˈʒiɫi ) ) is located in the Catalan cities of Tarragona and Reus , Spain .
The Tyya mine is a large iron mine located in southern Russia in the Buryatia .
Yamazato is a restaurant housed in the Okura Hotel in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
The Bangkok Aquarium ( Thai : สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำจืดกรุงเทพมหานคร or สถานแสดงพันธุ์สัตว์น้ำกรุงเทพฯ ) , founded in 1940 , is the oldest aquarium in Thailand .
The Left Caucus was an Ontario based left - wing pressure group within the New Democratic Party of Canada and the Ontario New Democratic Party from the late 1970s to early 1990s .
The Ontario Institute for Cancer Research ( OICR ) is a not - for - profit organization based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada that focuses on the prevention , early detection , diagnosis and treatment of cancer .
Storheia is the highest mountain in Bymarka in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Polmak ( Northern Sami : Buolbmát and Finnish : Pulmanki ) is a village and a former municipality in Finnmark county in Norway .
Split Lake is a small lake in the north of Northland Region , New Zealand .
Tell Hassuna is a tell , or settlement mound , in the Nineveh Province ( Iraq ) .
Jamia Ni Bazar ( Persian : جميا ني بازار‎ , also Romanized as Jamīā Nī Bāzār ) is a village in Bahu Kalat Rural District , Dashtiari District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Neckar - Alb is one of three regions ( Regionalverband ) in the Tübingen administrative region ( Regierungsbezirke ) in Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Ayer Rajah Single Member Constituency ( Traditional Chinese : 亞逸拉惹單選區 ; Simplified Chinese : 亚逸拉惹单选区 ) is a former single member constituency in Singapore that existed since 1980 by crafting this portion from the then Bukit Timah SMC ;
Since the release of their debut album Swift Feet for Troubling Times in 2006 , Ohbijou have played festivals across Canada , including the Osheaga Festival in Montreal and the Hillside Festival in Guelph .
Stavtrup is a western suburb of Aarhus in Denmark .
The Accident on the Bundesautobahn 5 occurred on July 14 , 2003 close to Karlsruhe , Germany , when a young mother lost control of her car and collided with a tree .
Els Hostalets de Pierola is a Spanish municipality situated in the Autonomous Community of Catalonia , province of Barcelona , Spain .
Mulhouse ( pronounced : ( myluz ) ; Alsatian : Milhüsa or Milhüse , ( mɪlˈyːzə ) ; German : Mülhausen ; i.e. mill house ) is a city and commune in eastern France , close to the Swiss and German borders .
Zündapp Janus is a microcar model made by Zündapp in Germany between 1957 and 1958 , the only car ever made by the company .
Biały Słoń ( English : White Elephant ; Ukrainian : Білий слон , Bily slon ) is a Polish name for an abandoned campus of the former Polish Astronomical and Meteorological Observatory , located at remote area on the peak of Pip Ivan in the Chornohora range of the Carpathian Mountains , Ukraine .
Grote Prijs Jef Scherens is a single - day road bicycle race held annually in September in Leuven , Belgium .
Kopytówka ( kɔpɨˈtufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brzeźnica , within Wadowice County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Viluppuram ( pronunciation ) ( also spelled as Villupuram and Vizhupuram ) is a municipality and the administrative headquarters of Viluppuram district , the largest district in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
The Floriade 2012 was a Dutch horticultural exposition held in Venlo , Netherlands .
Shaoyang ( simplified Chinese : 邵阳 ; traditional Chinese : 邵陽 ; pinyin : Shàoyáng ) is a prefecture - level city in southwestern Hunan province , People 's Republic of China , bordering Guangxi to the south .
Selárdalur is the second most westerly of the Ketildalir in Arnarfjörður in Iceland .
Camp Griffiss was a US military base in the United Kingdom during and after World War II .
Beit HaLevi ( Hebrew : בֵּית הַלֵּוִי , lit . House of the Levite ) is a moshav in central Israel .
Lusići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Лусићи ) is a village in the municipality of Banja Luka , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Corocoro United Copper Mines , Ltd. was the largest copper mine in Bolivia , an honor previously held by Compania Corocoro de Bolivia .
Kuniów ( ˈkuɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kluczbork , within Kluczbork County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Spree connects Köpenick with the Havel and hence the waterway systems of western and central Germany .
Obereggen is a mountain village in South Tyrol , northern Italy .
Hrčeľ ( Hungarian : Gercsely ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Maria in der Tanne is a small baroque church near Triberg i m Schwarzwald in the Black Forest of Germany .
Lahore Race Club , in Lahore , Punjab , Pakistan , is a club concerned with the sport of horse racing , established in 1924 when Lahore was part of the Punjab Province of British India .
Morton Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located on Vancouver Island northwest of the city of Campbell River .
Kalash Garan ( Persian : كلاش گران‎ , also Romanized as Kalāsh Garān and Kalāchgarān ) is a village in Kakavand - e Sharqi Rural District , Kakavand District , Delfan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Wöllmisse is a high plateau which rises east of the Saale Valley in the State of Thuringia , Germany .
The Turtmann Glacier ( German : Turtmanngletscher ) is a 5 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
Sanjabad - e Sharqi Rural District ( Persian : دهستان سنجبدشرقي‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Khalkhal County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ahepe ( `` Ahépé '' in French ) is a village ( now canton ) in the south east of Togo .
Ubide ( Spanish : Ubidea ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay , in the Autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Tarniny ( tarˈninɨ ) ( German Tornienen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kolno , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ton Pentre is , perhaps , best known for an incident in 1924 , when The Duke of York ( later George VI of the United Kingdom ) played a round of golf with Frank Hodges .
Defence Colony is an affluent locality situated in central South Delhi , India , built in 1960s for ex - defence service people .
Lac de Sanetsch ( also Lac de Sénin , German : Sanetsch See ) is a reservoir below Sanetsch Pass in Valais , Switzerland .
Měňany is a municipality and village in Beroun District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Wipsowo ( vʲipˈsɔvɔ ) ( German : Wieps ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Barczewo , within Olsztyn County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Alhamra Arts Council is located on a colonial - period road in Lahore , Pakistan , that was formerly known as Mall Road and has been renamed as Shahrah Quaid - e - Azam .
Neochori Falaisias ( Greek : Νεοχώρι Φαλαισίας ) is a mountain village in the municipal unit of Falaisia , Arcadia , Greece .
Bodislavci ( pronounced ( ˈboːdislau̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
The Pedieos ( also Pediaios or Pediaeus or Pithkias ; Greek : Πεδιαίος/Πηθκιάς , Turkish : Kanlı Dere ) is the longest river in Cyprus .
Remmels is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg - Eckernförde , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany of about 3.66 square miles with a population of 430 as of 12/31/2013 .
The National Twelve - Bell Striking Contest is the principal change ringing striking competition in the United Kingdom .
On 31 August 1903 the Chagos Archipelago was administratively separated from the Seychelles and attached to Mauritius .
Bunnanadden , Bunnanaddan or Bunninadden ( Irish : Bun an Fheadáin ) is a small village in south County Sligo , Ireland .
Hultsfred Airport is a regional airport in Hultsfred Municipality , Sweden , about 5 km north of the town of Hultsfred .
Brenta Valley is a valley located in Northern Italy .
Mir Makan ( Persian : ميرمكان‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Makān ) is a village in Boli Rural District , Chavar District , Ilam County , Ilam Province , Iran .
Skrīveri Parish ( Latvian : Skrīveru pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Skrīveri Municipality , Vidzeme , Latvia .
West Pyramid is an unpopulated steep - sided island located close to the south - western coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Girinagar was named after the former President of India V.V. Giri and also because of the Hirannayya Gudda ( Hill ) .
Ivančice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɪvantʃɪtsɛ ) ; German : Eibenschütz ) is a town in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic , 21 kilometres ( 13 mi ) south - west of Brno .
Hure Banner ( Mongolian : ᠬᠦᠷᠢᠶ᠎ᠡ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ Küriy - e qosiɣu ; simplified Chinese : 库伦旗 ; traditional Chinese : 庫倫旗 ; pinyin : Kùlún Qí ) is a banner of southeastern Inner Mongolia , People 's Republic of China , bordering Liaoning province to the south .
Chrewt ( xrɛft ) ( Ukrainian : Хревть , Khrevt '' ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna , within Bieszczady County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Kamianki Lackie ( kaˈmjanki ˈlat͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przesmyki , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Ribče ( in older sources also Ribiče ) is a settlement on the left bank of the Sava River , opposite Kresnice , in the Municipality of Litija in central Slovenia .
Alsenz - Obermoschel is a Verbandsgemeinde ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the Donnersbergkreis , in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Altiplano de Granada ( Granada High Plains ) is a spectrum of landscapes located in the northern part of the Granada province within Andalucia in southern Spain .
The All Sports Team Hannover is a dragon boat team of the Hannoverschen Kanuclub v. 1921 e . V. from Germany .
Eggenstein - Leopoldshafen / BW ( UN / LOCODE : DE EGL ) is a town of about 15000 inhabitants located in the federal state of Baden - Württemberg in the Federal Republic of Germany .
Hammersø ( English : Hammer Lake ) , or Hammer Sø , is the largest lake on the island of Bornholm and the only tarn in Denmark .
Vestmannaeyjar Airport ( Icelandic : Vestmannaeyjaflugvöllur ) ( IATA : VEY , ICAO : BIVM ) is a two - runway airport on the island of Heimaey , in Vestmannaeyjar ( Westman Islands ) , a small archipelago off the south coast of Iceland .
The South Eastern Manitoba Hockey League ( SEMHL ) is a senior men 's ice hockey league in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
Compton Island is an island in the Queen Charlotte Strait - Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located in Blackfish Sound to the east of Port McNeill All of Compton Island and three small islands offshore comprise Compton Island Indian Reserve No . 6 , aka Compton 6 .
Roscommon ( Irish : Ros Comáin , meaning `` Saint Coman 's wood '' ) is the county town of County Roscommon in Ireland .
The Tour de Ratières , built in the commune of Ratières in the north of the Drôme département of France , is a medieval tower once the keep of a castle .
Daule , Guayas , Ecuador is a city located in central Guayas , Ecuador , on the Daule River .
The Museum of Vision Science is a museum with physical and virtual displays of vision - related devices and instruments , located at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo , Ontario , Canada .
Marthal is a medium village in the southern part of India .
The Château de Belcastel is a medieval castle in the village and commune of Belcastel , in the Aveyron département of France .
Higher Institute of Mining , Industry and Geology ( fr . École des Mines , de l'Industrie et de la Géologie de Niamey , EMIG ) is the only Institute of technology in Niger dedicated to the formation of engineers and technicians .
The Kwenge River is a stream in the Bandundu Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Knäred is a locality situated in Laholm Municipality , Halland County , Sweden with 1,088 inhabitants in 2010 .
Mseleni is a small settlement in Umhlabuyalingana Maputaland , northern KwaZulu - Natal , South Africa .
Tragano ( Greek , Modern : Τραγανό , Ancient / Katharevousa : -on ) is a town and a former municipality in Elis , West Greece , Greece .
The Electra Tower , previously Amkor Tower or Elco Tower , is an office skyscraper in Tel Aviv , Israel , located on Yigal Allon Street .
TAI Flight 307 was a scheduled flight between France and the Ivory Coast via Mali operated by a Douglas DC-7C.
Faaborg or Fåborg ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˈfʌb̥ɒːˀ ) ) is an old port town located on Faaborg Fjord in Faaborg - Midtfyn municipality on the island of Funen in Denmark .
Trevose Head ( Cornish : Penn Trenfos , meaning farm of the wall 's headland ) ( grid reference SW853764 ) is a headland on the Atlantic coast of north Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The Texelgruppe Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Texelgruppe ) is a nature reserve in South Tyrol , Italy .
Lisičići ( Cyrillic : Лисичићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Abulabad - e Gilavand ( Persian : ابول ابادگيلاوند‎ , also Romanized as Abūlābād - e Gīlāvand and Abolābād - e Gīlāvand ; also known as Abūlābād ) is a village in Azna Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Zbehňov ( Hungarian : Zebegnyő ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Runiz Rural District ( Persian : دهستان رونيز‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Runiz District , Estahban County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Saint Augustine Metropolitan Cathedral , also referred to as the Cagayan de Oro Cathedral , is a Roman Catholic cathedral located at Barangay 1 , Cagayan de Oro , Philippines .
Jarzang ( Persian : جرزنگ‎ ; also known as Garzalīk and Gazarrīk ) is a village in Dodangeh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Morgan Lewis Windmill , St. Andrew , Barbados is the last sugar windmill to operate in Barbados .
Mo , Aust - Agder is a village in Aust - Agder , Norway .
Ivanhoe Grammar School is an independent , co - educational , day school , located in Ivanhoe ( Buckley House and The Ridgeway Campus ) and Mernda ( Plenty Campus ) , both located in the north - eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
The Pozières Memorial is a World War I memorial , located near the commune of Pozières , in the Somme department of France .
Syktyvkar State University named after Pitirim Sorokin is the principal university in Syktyvkar , the capital of the Komi Republic in Russia .
Wat Chedi Luang ( Thai : วัดเจดีย์หลวง , lit . temple of the big stupa ) is a Buddhist temple in the historic centre of Chiang Mai , Thailand .
Mets Sariar ( Armenian : Մեծ Սարիար ; also Russified as Sariar Bol’shoy ) is a village in the Shirak Province of Armenia .
Barnucin is a part of the Szczecin City , Poland situated on the right bank of Oder river , east of the Szczecin Old Town , and south of Szczecin - Dąbie .
Pasir Ris - Punggol Group Representation Constituency ( Traditional Chinese : 白沙-榜鵝集選區;Simplified Chinese : 白沙-榜鹅集选区 ) is a six - member Group Representation Constituency ( GRC ) in the north - eastern region of Singapore .
Khatyn - Sysy ( Russian : Хатын-Сысы ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Tarkayinsky Rural Okrug of Nyurbinsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , 56 kilometers ( 35 mi ) from Nyurba , the administrative center of the district .
Nyzhni Petrivtsi ( Ukrainian : Нижні Петрівці ; Romanian : Pătrăuții de Jos ) is a commune ( selsoviet ) in Storozhynets Raion , Chernivtsi Oblast , Ukraine .
İsakənd ( also , Isakend ) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Patharkandi Primary Health Centre ( under the government of Assam , India )
The Crotty Dam , also known earlier as the King River Dam , is a rockfill embankment dam with a controlled and uncontrolled spillway across the King River , located in Western Tasmania , Australia .
Casa Rocca Piccola is a 16th - century palace in Malta , and home of the noble de Piro family .
Kani Shirin ( Persian : كاني شيرين‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Shīrīn ) is a village in Kani Shirin Rural District , Karaftu District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Mount Boundinga is a sandstone rock lying south of Moanda , a manganese mining town in Gabon .
The CERH Women 's Euro 2011 or 2011 CERH Women 's Championship was the 11th edition of the CERH European Women 's Roller Hockey Championship , held between 25 and 29 October , in Cronenberg , Germany as a single round - robin stage .
Lhuntse or Lhuntshi is a town in Lhuntse District in northeastern Bhutan .
Picton Aerodrome ( IATA : PCN , ICAO : NZOK ) is a Non - Certificated Aerodrome 4 NM ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) south of Picton township in the Marlborough District of the South Island in New Zealand .
Families worldwide have the surname `` Alcaraz '' may trace their ancestry to this part of Spain .
2MMM ( identified on air and in print as Triple M ) is a radio station broadcasting in Sydney , Australia .
Žagre ( Serbian : Жагре ) is a village in the municipality of Višegrad , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Abanotubani ( Georgian : აბანოთუბანი , literally `` bath district '' ) is the ancient district of Tbilisi , Georgia , known for its sulfuric baths .
Parc Montmorency is a park located in Quebec City and home to Parliaments of Lower Canada , Canada East and Quebec from 1791 to 1883 .
The Fonthill Kame is a geological feature in the Niagara Peninsula in Pelham , Ontario , Canada .
On 9 April 2004 , the Prime Minister of Vietnam signed Decision 60/ 2004/ QĐ - TTg , to rename this university Hai Phong University .
Seqanliq ( Persian : سقانليق‎ , also Romanized as Seqānlīq , Soqānlīq , and Saqānlīq ; also known as Sāqānlūq ) is a village in Nur Ali Beyk Rural District , in the Central District of Saveh County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Bligh Sound is a sound of the South Island of New Zealand , named in 1809 by John Grono , after the ship Governor Bligh in honour of the Governor of New South Wales , William Bligh .
The Ingenika Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , located south of Ingenika River above Swannell River in northern British Columbia , Canada .
The Hochkönig Ski Area is a large ski resort on the Hochkönig massif in Salzburger Land , Austria , only an hour 's drive from the city of Salzburg and Salzburg Airport .
Sunnhordland District Court ( Norwegian : Sunnhordland tingrett ) is a district court located in Leirvik , Norway .
Lake Matheson , near the Fox Glacier in South Westland , New Zealand , is famous for its reflected views of Aoraki / Mount Cook and Mount Tasman .
Zentene parish ( Latvian : Zentenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Tukums Municipality , Latvia .
Headquartered in Copenhagen , Denmark , Lundbeck has international production facilities in Denmark , Italy and France and affiliates or sales offices in 57 countries .
Sadiqabad railway station ( Urdu : صادق آباد ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) ) is located in Sadiqabad city , Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Khali Bagh ( Persian : خالي باغ‎ , also Romanized as Khālī Bāgh ) is a village in Derakhtengan Rural District , in the Central District of Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Venelles is a commune in the Bouches - du - Rhône department in southern France near Aix - en - Provence .
Bansko ( Bulgarian : Банско ) is a town in southwestern Bulgaria , located at the foot of the Pirin Mountains at an elevation of 927 m above sea level .
The National Aboriginal Veterans Monument is a war monument in Ottawa , Canada that commemorates the contributions of all Aboriginal peoples in war and peacekeeping operations from World War I to the present .
Mali Krš ( Serbian : Мали крш ) is a mountain in eastern Serbia .
Grasmere , British Columbia , Canada ( Ktunaxa : ʔa
Mir Jafarlu ( Persian : ميرجعفرلو‎ , also Romanized as Mīr Ja``farlū ; also known as Mashhadī Ja``far ) is a village in Salavat Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 111 , in 28 families .
Sharafshah ( Persian : شرف شاه‎ , also Romanized as Sharafshāh ) is a village in Sumar Rural District , Sumar District , Qasr - e Shirin County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Wiener Stadthalle ( German : ( ˈviːnɐ ˈʃtathalə ) ; English : Viennese City Hall ) is a multi - purpose indoor arena and convention center located in the 15th district of Vienna , Austria .
Graeme Hall Nature Sanctuary occupies 42 per cent of the Ramsar wetland at Graeme Hall , in Christ Church , Barbados .
Ashkur Mahalleh ( Persian : اشكورمحله‎ , also Romanized as Ashkūr Maḩalleh ) is a village in Do Hezar Rural District , Khorramabad District , Tonekabon County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Ecclesfield Priory was a religious house of Benedictine monks , lying in the village of Ecclesfield , north of Sheffield in Yorkshire , United Kingdom .
Cambridge Gulf is a gulf on the north coast of Western Australia .
Aşağı Aybasanlı ( also , Ashagy Aybasanly and Aybasanly ) is a village in the Fizuli Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Muzaffarpur Airport ( IATA : MZU , ICAO : VEMZ ) is an under - construction civil airport at Muzaffarpur , in the state of Bihar , India .
Ambalamedu is a small township located in Kerala , India .
Kanlıdivane ( ancient Canytelis , Greek : Κανυτελής ) is an ancient city situated around a big sinkhole in Mersin Province , Turkey .
The Victorian Desalination Plant ( also referred to as the Victorian Desalination Project or Wonthaggi desalination plant ) is a water desalination plant in Dalyston , on the Bass Coast in southern Victoria , Australia , completed in December 2012 .
Kružlová ( Rusyn : Кружльова , Hungarian : Ruzsóly ) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north - eastern Slovakia .
Dimona ( Hebrew : דִּימוֹנָה ) is an Israeli city in the Negev desert , 36 kilometres ( 22 mi ) to the south of Beersheba and 35 kilometres ( 22 mi ) west of the Dead Sea above the Arava valley in the Southern District of Israel .
On Premiere , Discovery Geschichte was replaced by National Geographic Channel Germany the following day .
Mohabat Khel is a mohalla located in the village Adezai in Peshawar , Pakistan .
The 2011 Zhongshan riot occurred on November 12 , 2011 in Zhongshan , Guangdong , People 's Republic of China .
Kaikorai Valley is a long broad valley which runs through the west of the New Zealand city of Dunedin , 5 kilometres ( 3.1 mi ) to the west of the city centre .
Borowo - Młyn ( bɔˈrɔvɔ ˈmwɨn ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pobiedziska , within Poznań County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Alba railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Alba ) serves the town and comune of Alba , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
Little Korab Gate ( Albanian : Porta e Korabit të Vogël ; Macedonian : Мала Корабска Врата , Mala Korabska Vrata ) is a mountain pass on the border of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia .
Vršna Vas ( Slovene : Vršna vas ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills south of Šmarje pri Jelšah in eastern Slovenia .
Lake Visaginas is located south of the town of Visaginas in eastern Lithuania .
Vishka Suqeh ( Persian : ويشكاسوقه‎ , also Romanized as Vīshkā Sūqeh ; also known as Vīshgāh , Vīshkāh Sūqeh , Vishka Shoogheh , Vīshkā Sūqeh , and Vishke ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Monaco aan de Maas ( Monaco at the Maas ) is a Formula One demonstration and a parade of international racecars and racing drivers , held on the streets of Rotterdam , the Netherlands .
Komuniga ( Bulgarian : Комунига ) is a village in Chernoochene Municipality , in Kardzhali Province , in southern - central Bulgaria .
Sanica Boru Elazığspor is a football team located in Elazığ , Turkey , which competes in the TFF First League .
Kandeh ( Persian : كنده‎ , also Romanized as Kondeh ; also known as Kianda and Kīyāndā ) is a village in Dikleh Rural District , Hurand District , Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Nosivolo River is a river in eastern Madagascar and a primary tributary of the Mangoro River .
Schloss Wilhelmshöhe is a Neoclassical palace located in Bad Wilhelmshöhe , a part of Kassel , Germany .
Al - Mustansiriya University ( Arabic : الجامعة المستنصرية ) is a university in Baghdad , Iraq .
The Maison de la Mutualité ( often shortened to la Mutualité ) is a conference center at 24 Rue Saint - Victor , 5th arrondissement of Paris , France .
Steenwerck is a commune , in French Flanders , in the Nord department in northern France .
The Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg ( formerly Hochschule für Musik Nürnberg - Augsburg ) is a music conservatoire based in Nuremberg ( with a secondary building in Augsburg ) , Germany .
Ljubljana railway station ( Slovene : Železniška postaja Ljubljana ) is the principal railway station in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
Queen City Pride is an LGBT pride festival , held annually in Regina , Saskatchewan , Canada .
The Pragser Bach ( Italian : Rio Braies ) is a stream in South Tyrol , Italy .
Matola is the largest suburb of the Mozambique capital , Maputo , and adjacent to it to the west .
The Sangro is a river in eastern central Italy , known in ancient times as Sagrus from the Greek Sagros or Isagros , Ισαγρος.
Bahía de los Ángeles Airport ( IATA : BHL ) is a paved airstrip located 2 miles North of Bahía de los Ángeles , Baja California , Mexico .
Shindand Air Base ( IATA : OAH , ICAO : OASD ) is located in the western part of Afghanistan in the Herat province , 7 miles northeast of the city of Sabzwar .
Jivevaneng is a town located on the Huon Peninsula , in Morobe Province , Papua New Guinea .
Adžine Livade ( Serbian : Аџине Ливаде ) is a village in Kragujevac municipality in the Šumadija District of central Serbia .
Gazu ( Persian : گزو‎ , also Romanized as Gazū ; also known as Ḩājjīābād , Gaxu , Gazo , and Gazook ) is a village in Poshtkuh Rural District , in the Central District of Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Stare Boksze ( ˈstarɛ ˈbɔkʂɛ ) , ( Lithuanian : Senieji Bokšiai ) , is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puńsk , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
Shahid Rajai Garrison ( Persian : پادگان شهيد رجائي‎‎ -- Pādegān - e Shahīd Rajā’ī ) is a village and military installation in Baladarband Rural District , in the Central District of Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Ghost Is Dancing is a Canadian indie - pop band formed in 2002 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Stryczowice ( strɨt͡ʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Waśniów , within Ostrowiec County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Mazraeh - ye Alavi ( Persian : مزرعه علوي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye ʿAlavī ) is a village in Vardasht Rural District , in the Central District of Semirom County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 16 , in 4 families .
Chimay Castle ( French : Château de Chimay ) is a château that is located in Chimay , Hainaut , Belgium .
Tswaing Local Municipality is a local Municipality consisting of the towns of Delareyville , Sannieshof and Ottosdal in the Central District Municipality situated in the North West Province of South Africa .
Krajno Brdo ( pronounced ( ˈkɾaːi̯nɔ ˈbəɾdɔ ) ) is a settlement northeast of Krašnja in the Municipality of Lukovica in the southeastern part of the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Krzewo - Plebanki ( ˈkʂɛvɔ plɛˈbanki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawady , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Huaca Prieta is the site of a prehistoric settlement beside the Pacific ocean in the Chicama valley , just north of Trujillo , La Libertad Province , Peru .
Qaruh Island ( Arabic : جزيرة قاروه‎ ) is an island belonging to the state of Kuwait , which received its name from the large amounts of petroleum sediments in the area ( known as Qar in Arabic ) .
The Hantangang Dam is a gravity dam currently under construction on the Hantan River in Yeoncheon County , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Jalan Tengku Mohammad , Federal Route 215 ( formerly Terengganu state route T215 ) , is a federal road in Kuala Nerus , Terengganu , Malaysia .
Brezovica pri Predgradu ( pronounced ( ˈbɾeːzɔʋitsa pɾi ˈpɾeːdɡɾadu ) ; German : Bresowitz ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Vordonia ( Greek : Βορδόνια ) is a small village in the base of Taygetos mountain , in Laconia , Greece .
Sansol is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre , northern Spain .
Rock Steady Group Was a group of companies that was involved in stewarding and security at many major events in the United Kingdom .
Olaf Ryes plass ( lit . `` Olaf Rye 's Square '' ) is a square and park placed centrally in the Grünerløkka borough of Oslo , Norway .
Chittagong Grammar School ( CGS ) was founded in 1992 , to satisfy the need for an international school in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
The Straka Academy ( in Czech : Strakova akademie ) is the seat of the Government of the Czech Republic .
Branoslavci ( pronounced ( ˈbɾaːnɔslau̯tsi ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Ljutomer in northeastern Slovenia .
The National Socialist Front ( Swedish : Nationalsocialistisk front , NSF ) was at the time of its dissolving the largest Neo - Nazi political party in Sweden .
Bogdanovichsky District ( Russian : Богдано́вичский райо́н ) is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the thirty in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia .
Deer stones ( also known as reindeer stones ) are ancient megaliths carved with symbols found largely in Siberia and Mongolia .
The Poor Knights Islands are a group of islands off the east coast of the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand .
Stare Kotkowice ( ˈstarɛ kɔtkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) , German Alt Kuttendorf is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głogówek ( Gemeinde Oberglogau ) , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
The Banana Islands are a group of islands that lie off the coast south west of the Freetown Peninsula in the Western Area Sierra Leone .
Gränsö Slott ( Gränsö Castle ) is a castle located near Västervik , Sweden .
The Tungnaá is a river in the southern Highlands of Iceland .
Avlonari ( Greek : Αυλωνάρι ) is a village and a community in the eastern part of the island of Euboea , Greece .
Il - dong ( Hangul : 일동 ; hanja : 一洞 ) is a neighbourhood of Sangnok - gu , Ansan , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
Dolná Streda ( Hungarian : Alsószerdahely ) is a village and municipality in the Galanta District of the Trnava Region of western Slovakia .
Delitangu - ye Sofla ( Persian : دلي تنگوسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Delītangū - ye Soflá ; also known as Delītangū ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Coliseum da Coruña is a stadium for concerts and shows used in A Coruña , Galicia , Spain .
Corlier Aerodrome ( French : Aérodrome de Corlier ) ( ICAO : LFJD ) is an altiport located 1.1 km ( 0.6 NM ) north - northwest of Corlier a commune in the Ain department of the Rhône - Alpes region in eastern France .
10 Dundas East ( formerly Metropolis and Toronto Life Square ) is a retail , office and entertainment complex development on the north - east corner of the intersection of Yonge Street and Dundas Street in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Mattru Jong commonly known as Mattru ( sometimes spelled Matru ) is the capital of Bonthe District in the Southern Province of Sierra Leone .
The Great Berlin Wheel was a giant Ferris wheel to be built near the Berlin Zoological Garden ( Zoologischer Garten Berlin ) in Berlin , Germany , by the Great Wheel Corporation .
Waikari ( Maori name ' Muddy Waters ' ) is a small town in the Canterbury region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Sonora Island is one of the outer islands ( without ferry service ) of the Discovery Islands of British Columbia , Canada .
Serra de São Mamede ( English : Saint Mammes Range ) is a mountain range in Portalegre District , Portugal .
Ktimenia ( Greek : Κτημένια ) is a former municipality in Evrytania , Greece .
Restaurant De Lindehof is a restaurant located in Nuenen , in the Netherlands .
Chakandra is a small village in Sheikhpura district , Bihar5465 state , India , ten kilometers from Sheikhpura town .
Bački Monoštor ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бачки Моноштор ) is a village located in the Sombor municipality , in the West Bačka District of Serbia .
Škufče ( pronounced ( ˈʃkuːftʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement east of the village of Ravnik in the Municipality of Bloke in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Information and Consultation of Employees Regulations 2004 ( SI 3426/2004 ) are a United Kingdom statutory instrument , which implemented the EU Information and Consultation of Employees Directive 2002/14/EC establishing a general framework for informing and consulting employees in the European Community .
Bamyan Airfield is a former military airfield in the Bamyan Province of Afghanistan .
The Palermo Stone is held in the Antonio Salinas Regional Archaeological Museum in the city of Palermo , Italy , from which it derives its name .
Vettaikaranpudur is a village located 16 kilometres from Pollachi in Coimbatore District , Tamil Nadu , India .
The City Municipality of Bremen ( German : Stadtgemeinde Bremen , IPA : ( ˈbʁeːmən ) ) is a Hanseatic city in northwestern Germany .
Lake Esrum ( Danish : Esrum Sø ) is the largest lake in Denmark by water volume and the second - largest lake by surface area , after lake Arresø .
Heilsbronn Abbey was a Cistercian monastery at Heilsbronn in the district of Ansbach in Middle Franconia , Bavaria , Germany .
Woronicze ( vɔrɔˈnit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Supraśl , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Splitska is an ancient village on the island of Brač in Croatia .
Podpeca ( pronounced ( pɔtˈpeːtsa ) ) is a settlement at the foothills of Mount Peca northwest of Črna na Koroškem in the Carinthia region in northern Slovenia .
Amager Center is a shopping centre on Amager , just off Amagerbrogade , in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Douentza Airport ( ICAO : GADZ ) is an airstrip serving Douentza in Mali .
Te Whanganui - A - Hei ( Cathedral Cove ) Marine Reserve is on the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand covering an area of 840 hectares ( 2,100 acres ) .
Došćica ( Cyrillic : Дошћица ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Agam Kuan ( Hindi : अगम कुआं , `` unfathomable well '' ) is an ancient well and archaeological site in Patna , India .
Parry Sound / Frying Pan Island - Sans Souci Water Aerodrome , ( IATA : YSI , TC LID : CPS9 ) , is located 11.5 nautical miles ( 21.3 km ; 13.2 mi ) southwest of Parry Sound , Ontario Canada .
Ciepielowice ( t͡ɕɛpjɛlɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Scheppelwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa , within Opole County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Darreh - ye Shu is a village in Baghlan Province in north eastern Afghanistan .
Lashkeran ( Persian : لشكران‎ , also Romanized as Lashkerān ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Yad Natan ( Hebrew : יַד נָתָן , lit . Memorial for Natan ) is a moshav in southern Israel in Hevel Lakhish , near the town of Kiryat Gat .
The Wandel Sea ( also known as McKinley Sea ) is a body of water in the Arctic Ocean , stretching from northeast of Greenland to Svalbard .
Mardan ( مردان ) is a city and headquarters of Mardan District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province , Pakistan .
Lashkarian ( Persian : لشكريان‎ , also Romanized as Lashkarīān ; also known as Lashgarīān and Lashgariyān ) is a village in Malfejan Rural District , in the Central District of Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Korea International Circuit ( 코리아 인터내셔널 서킷 ) is a 5.62 km ( 3.49 mi ) motorsport circuit located in Yeongam , South Jeolla , South Korea , 400 kilometres south of Seoul and near the port city of Mokpo .
Əbilyataq is a village on the Caspian Sea and a municipality in the Khachmaz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Port of Giurgiulești is a port on the Danube River and the largest port in Moldova .
Westmoorings is a residential area on the island Trinidad , west of Port of Spain , the capital of Trinidad and Tobago .
Cipolletti ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sipoˈleti ) or ( tʃipoˈleti ) ) is a city in north of the Patagonian province of Río Negro , Argentina , with 75,078 inhabitants at the 2001 census ( INDEC ) .
Kennebecasis Regional Police Force ( KRPF ) is the police force responsible for Towns of Rothesay and Quispamsis in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Sausnēja parish ( Latvian : Sausnējas pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Ērgļi Municipality , Latvia .
Marghdari - ye Debagh ( Persian : مرغداري دباغ‎ , also Romanized as Marghdārī - ye Debāgh ) is a village in Shamsabad Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Tonlé San , also known as Tonlé Se San or Sesan River , is a river that flows through central Vietnam and northeast Cambodia .
The Grand Prix de la Marne ( commonly known as the Marne Grand Prix ) was a motor race organized by the Automobile Club de Champagne and staged at the circuit Reims - Gueux on public roads located 7.5 km ( 4.7 mi ) west of the city of Reims in the Marne département of north - eastern France .
Balule Nature Reserve is a protected area in Limpopo Province , South Africa which forms part of the Greater Kruger National Park as a member of the Associated Private Nature Reserves ( APNR ) .
Nokhtalu ( Persian : نخطالو‎ , also Romanized as Nokhţalū , Nokhtalū , and Nokhtālū ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Sharqi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Wupperthal ( sometimes also spelt Wuppertal ) is a small town in the Cederberg mountains in the Western Cape province of South Africa .
Sadlinki ( saˈdlinki ) ( German : Sedlinen ) is a village in Kwidzyn County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Khunuyu ( Aymara khunu snow , uyu corral , `` snow corral '' , also spelled Cunuyo ) is a mountain in the north of the Apolobamba mountain range on the border of Bolivia and Peru .
Shenton College is a co - educational public secondary school located in Shenton Park , a suburb of Perth , Western Australia .
The Jardin botanique de Bordeaux ( 0.5 hectares ) is a municipal botanical garden located at Place Bardineau , Bordeaux , Gironde , Aquitaine , France ; it is open daily without charge .
The Brasília National Park ( Parque Nacional de Brasília ) is a national park located 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from the centre of Brasília , in the Federal District , in the center west of Brazil .
Pasvik ( also known as Paatsjoki in Finnish and Kven languages ) is a village in Northern Norway .
The Reserva Provincial La Payunia ( Spanish : La Payunia Provincial Reserve ) also known as Payún or Payén is a natural reserve located in the Malargüe Department in the southern part of Mendoza Province , Argentina , about 160 km away from Malargüe city .
The Grossmünster ( `` great minster '' ) is a Romanesque - style Protestant church in Zurich , Switzerland .
Mash Brewing Company is a microbrewery in Henley Brook , located within the Swan Valley region of Western Australia .
Namaacha or Naamacha is a town in southern Mozambique , lying 80 kilometers west of Maputo on the border with Swaziland .
Avenida Álvaro Obregón is an avenue in the Roma district of Mexico City , divided by a park median along which fountains are located with characters from Roman and Greek mythology .
Porto Jofre is a settlement in southern Brazil , located on the Cuiabá River in western Mato Grosso state .
Sorkheh Jub ( Persian : سرخه جوب‎ , also Romanized as Sorkheh Jūb ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Dehgolan Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Gorriti is a locality in Larraun , Norte de Aralar , Navarre , Spain .
Novi Ligure ( Nêuve in Ligurian ) is a city and comune north of Genoa , in the Piedmont region of the province of Alessandria of northwest Italy .
Anykščiai Regional Park covers 15,485 hectares ( 38,260 acres ) in northeastern Lithuania near the city of Anykščiai .
Nong Nooch Tropical Botanical Garden is a 500-acre ( 2.0 km2 ) botanical garden and tourist attraction at kilometer 163 on Sukhumvit Road in Chonburi Province , Thailand .
Adarsh Public School ( APS ) ( Hindi : आदर्श पब्लिक स्कूल ) is a senior secondary public school located in Vikaspuri in Delhi , India .
Srunsko ( Bulgarian : Срънско ) is a village in Ardino Municipality , Kardzhali Province , southern - central Bulgaria .
Komárno ( Hungarian : Komárom , colloquially Révkomárom , Öregkomárom , Észak - Komárom , German : Komorn , Serbian : Komoran/Коморан ) is a town in Slovakia at the confluence of the Danube and the Váh rivers .
Kowleh ( Persian : كوله‎ , also Romanized as Kaūleh , Kooleh , and Kūleh ; also known as Qaula ) is a village in Kowleh Rural District , Saral District , Divandarreh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Nutepelmen ( Russian : Нутэпэльмен ; Chukchi : Нутэпылмын ) , is a village ( selo ) on the northern shores of Iultinsky District , Chukotka Autonomous Okrug , in the Far Eastern Federal District of Russia .
Sardorov Karakhan ( Persian : سردارف قره‌خان ‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Nir Galim ( Hebrew : נִיר גַּלִּים , lit . Waves Meadow ) is a religious moshav shitufi in south - central Israel , adjacent to the city of Ashdod .
Suchá Hora transmitter is a facility for FM- and TV - transmission on 1,231.6 metres high mountain Skalka ( Kremnica Mountains ) near Banská Bystrica in Slovakia .
Darin Qaleh ( Persian : درين قلعه‎ , also Romanized as Darīn Qal``eh ) is a village in Baranduzchay - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 379 , in 74 families .
Vodnik Square ( Slovene : Vodnikov trg ) is a town square in Ljubljana , the capital of Slovenia .
The Norwegian Armed Forces ( Norwegian : Forsvaret , `` The Defence '' ) is the military organisation responsible for the defence of Norway .
Loukhsky District ( Russian : Ло́ухский райо́н ; Karelian : Louhen piiri ) is an administrative district ( raion ) , one of the fifteen in the Republic of Karelia , Russia .
Santoña is a town in the eastern coast of the autonomous community of Cantabria , on the north coast of Spain .
Mrowiny ( mrɔˈvinɨ ) ( German : Konradswaldau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żarów , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Philippe Cousteau Anchor Museum ( ( Spanish ) : Museo de Anclas Philippe Cousteau ) is located in Salinas , a town within the Castrillón municipality of Asturias , Spain .
Poltava Art Museum is in Poltava , Ukraine , containing many works of native and foreign art and a rich ethnographic collection .
Kaltenleutgeben is a town with a population of 3302 in the district of Mödling in the Austrian state of Lower Austria .
Sialkot Fort is one of the oldest forts in Pakistan .
Kista Torn are a pair of 16 and 35-story apartment buildings connected at their base , currently under construction in Kista district of Stockholm , Sweden .
The Parliament of Galicia ( Galician : Parlamento de Galicia ) is the unicameral legislature of the autonomous community of Galicia , Spain .
Bolshevo ( Russian : Болшево ) - the area of the city of Korolev ( an industrial city in Moscow Oblast , Russia , well known as the cradle of Soviet and Russian space exploration ) , the historical part of it .
The Baía de São Marcos is a bay of the Atlantic Ocean in Maranhão state of northeastern Brazil .
Osakarov District is ( Kazakh : Осакаров ауданы ) a district of Karaganda Region in central Kazakhstan .
Old Åkra Church ( Norwegian : Åkra gamle kirke ) is a parish church in Karmøy municipality in Rogaland county , Norway .
Goslar is a historic town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Cobram railway station is a former railway station in the town of Cobram , Victoria , Australia .
The Briskeby Line ( Norwegian : Briskebylinjen ) is a line of the Oslo Tramway , Norway .
Irsching Power Station is close to the city of Vohburg , Germany , and is operated as a so - called peak load power station .
La Moncada is a small town in the Tarimoro Municipality of Guanajuato , Mexico .
The Lotrščak Tower ( Croatian : Kula Lotrščak , pronounced ( kǔːla lotrʃtʃâːk ) ) is a fortified tower located in Zagreb , Croatia , in an old part of town called Gradec or Gornji grad ( Upper Town ) .
The Cerghid River ( Hungarian : Cserked , Cserked - patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania , Romania .
Kupyn ( Ukrainian : Купин ; Russian : Купин Kupin ) is a village in the Horodotskyi Raion of Khmelnytskyi Oblast , in Ukraine .
NOV Fm is a French A - Category community radio whose headquarters is located in Saint - Gervais , France in Vendée .
Pludual ( Breton : Plual ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Warmątowice ( varmɔntɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzelce Opolskie , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Roman city of Argentomagus was located in the Mersans plateau of central France , at the strategic point on the north bank of the River Creuse , where a Roman bridge once traversed .
Karachaganak Field is a gas condensate field in Kazakhstan .
Rubber is a prime crop in Koottickal , one of the first places in India where it was cultivated .
Kolnowice ( kɔlnɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Gidan Madi is a village in Tangaza Local Government Area in Sokoto State , Nigeria , close to the larger town of Sutti .
Burkau ( Sorbian : Porchow ) is a municipality in the east of Saxony , in the district of Bautzen in Germany .
Tehla ( Hungarian : Töhöl ) is a village and municipality in the Levice District in the Nitra Region of Slovakia .
Damcheh ( Persian : دامچه‎ , also Romanized as Dāmcheh ) is a village in Deh Fish Rural District , Banaruiyeh District , Larestan County , Fars Province , Iran .
Askeran Region ( Armenian : Ասկերան ) is one of the eight regions of the Nagorno - Karabakh Republic ( NKR ) , coterminous with the Azerbaijani Khojali District .
Mastu ( Persian : مستو‎ , also Romanized as Mastū ) is a village in Byaban Rural District , Byaban District , Minab County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Reichenau an der Rax is a market town in the Austrian state of Lower Austria , situated at the foot of the Rax mountain range on the Schwarza river , a headstream of the Leitha .
Wola Sękowa is about 15 miles from Sanok in southeast Poland near the border with Slovakia and Ukraine .
Carol Davila University of Medicine and Pharmacy is a public health sciences University in Bucharest , Romania .
As of 2011 census of India , Kherli has a population of 15,506 .
Budy Łękawickie ( ˈbudɨ wɛnkaˈvit͡skʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Siennica , within Mińsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Plakhino ( Russian : Пла́хино ) is a village ( selo ) in Zakharovsky District of Ryazan Oblast , Russia .
Shahrak - e Behruzi ( Persian : شهرك بهروزي‎ , also Romanized as Shahrak - e Behrūzī ) is a village in Qeblehi Rural District , in the Central District of Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Ürümqi ( literally `` beautiful pasture '' , from the Dzungar Oirat language ) is the capital of the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People 's Republic of China in Northwest China .
Jaroměř ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjaromɲɛr̝̊ ) ; German : Jermer ) is a town in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic .
Smokvica ( Italian : Smoquizza ) is a village on the island of Korčula and a municipality in the Dubrovnik - Neretva County in Croatia .
Alzey ( German pronunciation : ( ˈaltsaɪ ) ) is a Verband - free town -- one belonging to no Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Alzey - Worms district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
The Aalter Formation ( Dutch : Formatie van Aalter , abbreviation : Aa ; named after the town of Aalter in East - Flanders ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of northwest Belgium .
Cabañeros National Park ( in Spanish : Parque Nacional de Cabañeros ) is a national park in the Montes de Toledo , Spain .
The Latin Carga Convair CV-880 crash happened on Monday , November 3 , 1980 at the Simon Bolivar International Airport in Caracas , Venezuela .
Loka pri Mengšu ( pronounced ( ˈloːka pɾi ˈmeːŋɡʃu ) ; German : Laak bei Mannsburg ) is a village in the Municipality of Mengeš in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ilok is the easternmost town and municipality in northeastern Croatia , in Slavonia .
The Setesdal Line ( Norwegian : Setesdalsbanen ) was a railway between Kristiansand and Byglandsfjord in southern Norway , 78 km ( 48 mi ) long .
Sreekaryam ( Malayalam : ശ്രീകാര്യം ) is a place in Thiruvananthapuram city in Kerala , India .
Mangerton or Mangerton Mountain ( Irish : an Mhangarta ) is a mountain in County Kerry , Republic of Ireland .
Shpola ( Ukrainian : Шпола , Yiddish : שפּאָלע ) is a city located in the Cherkasy Oblast ( province ) in central Ukraine .
Arnoldo Mondadori Editore , the largest publisher in Italy , was founded at Ostiglia in 1907 .
Ukanc ( pronounced ( ˈuːkants ) ) is a settlement near Lake Bohinj in the Municipality of Bohinj in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Thörey is a village near Ichtershausen in Ilm - Kreis , Thuringia , Germany , with about 250 inhabitants .
Yandobinskoye Rural Settlement ( Russian : Яндобинское се́льское поселе́ние ; Chuvash : Юнтапа ял тăрăхĕ , Yountapa jal tărăkhĕ ) is an administrative and municipal division ( a rural settlement ) of Alikovsky District of the Chuvash Republic , Russia .
Badakhshan University ( Persian : دانشگاه بدخشان‎ ) is located in Badakhshan province , northern Afghanistan .
Lägh da Cavloc ( Italian : Lago di Cavloccio ) is a lake near Maloja Pass in the Val Forno , Grisons , Switzerland .
Wola Boglewska ( ˈvɔla bɔˈɡlɛfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jasieniec , within Grójec County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Spodnje Partinje ( pronounced ( ˈspoːdnjɛ paɾˈtiːnjɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
Ærøya ( also known as Aerøy ) is an island south of Hisøy in the Aust - Agder county of Norway .
The Gdańsk University of Technology ( Polish : Politechnika Gdańska ) is a technical university in Gdańsk - Wrzeszcz , and one of the oldest universities in Poland .
Qeshlaq - e Mir Avaz ( Persian : قشلاق ميرعوض‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Mīr ʿAvaz̤ ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Jonubi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Velebit ( pronounced ( v̞ɛlɛ̌bit ) ; Italian : Alpi Bebie ) is the largest though not the highest mountain range in Croatia .
Khakhri is a village mainly administered by Baghela Rajputs , a part of Udaipur district in the state of Rajasthan India .
Kirkkokari ( `` the Church Islet '' , also known as Saint Henry 's Island ) is a small island in Lake Köyliö in Köyliö municipality , Satakunta , Finland .
Named after the street on which it stood , Galerías Preciados was , along with El Corte Inglés , one of the economic motors of the retail industry in post - war Spain .
The Manitoba Sports Hall of Fame and Museum is a museum in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada , dedicated to the history of sport in Manitoba and honouring the best in sport .
The Buloh Kasap Bridge ( Malay : Jambatan Buloh Kasap ) is a famous historical bridge during World War II . It is located on Federal route in the town of Buloh Kasap , Johor , Malaysia .
Ganga Talao ( Hindi : गङ तलओ ; also known as Grand Bassin ) is a crater lake situated in a secluded mountain area in the district of Savanne , deep in the heart of Mauritius .
Pain Darreh ( Persian : پائين دره‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Darreh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Sargatskoye ( Russian : Сарга́тское ) , colloquially known as Sargatka ( Сарга́тка ) , is an urban locality ( a work settlement ) and the administrative center of Sargatsky District of Omsk Oblast , Russia , located 75 kilometers ( 47 mi ) north of Omsk along the Irtysh River .
Saltholmen Lighthouse is a lighthouse that is on a small island off Lillesand in Aust - Agder County , Norway .
Flamboro Downs is Canada 's fastest half - mile harness horse racing track , based in Hamilton ( Flamborough ) , Ontario since April , 1975 .
Fagal is a coastal village in eastern Djibouti .
Žanjevica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Жањевица ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Melkorkustead ( Old Norse Melkorkustaðir ) was a farm in western Iceland during the Icelandic Commonwealth period .
Paudash ( Paudash Lake ) Water Aerodrome ( TC LID : CPD5 ) is an aerodrome located on Paudash Lake 3 nautical miles ( 5.6 km ; 3.5 mi ) southwest of Paudash , Ontario , Canada .
Qullqi Warani ( Aymara qullqi silver , also spelled Kollke Huarani ) is a mountain in the Oruro Department in Bolivia at the border with Chile , north - west of the extinct Sajama volcano .
Lovrenc na Dravskem Polju ( pronounced ( ˈloːu̯ɾɛnts na ˈdɾaːu̯skɛm ˈpoːlju ) ; Slovene : Lovrenc na Dravskem polju ) is a village in the Municipality of Kidričevo in northeastern Slovenia .
Klipdrif Dam is an earth - fill type dam located on the Ensel Spruit , near Potchefstroom , North West , South Africa .
Voerendaal ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvuːrə(n)daːl ) ; Limburgish : Voelender ) is a municipality and a town in the southeastern Netherlands .
Firebase Ross ( also known as Hill 51 ) was a U.S. Marine Corps , Army and Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) base located in the Quế Sơn Valley southwest of Hội An , Quảng Nam Province in central Vietnam .
Krypno ( ˈkrɨpnɔ ) is a village in Mońki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lajarab ( Persian : لجاراب‎ , also Romanized as Lajārāb ) is a village in Nargesan Rural District , Jebalbarez - e Jonubi District , Anbarabad County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Pordašinci ( Hungarian : Kisfalu ) is a roadside village in the Municipality of Moravske Toplice in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia , close to the border with Hungary .
Segovci ( pronounced ( ˈseːɡɔu̯tsi ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Mura River in the Municipality of Apače in northeastern Slovenia , on the border with Austria .
Prempeh College won the 2015 edition of the National Science and Maths Quiz after beating Adisadel College and University Practice SHS in the final making them 3 time champions of the competition , making it the second school in Ghana to clinch a trophy for keeps .
Fruitland Falls is an 8.5 metre high fan ribbon cascade waterfall found on CN property in Stoney Creek , Hamilton , Ontario , Canada .
The University of Ragusa ( Italian : Università di Ragusa ) is a university located in Ragusa and Ragusa Ibla Italy , and founded in 1998.This university depends on Catania University and It is the most recent university in Sicily .
Thampalakamam railway station is a railway station in the town of Thampalakamam in eastern Sri Lanka .
The Iturranduz Dam was a Roman buttress dam in Navarra , Spain .
Rahim Yar Khan railway station ( Urdu : رحیم یار خان ریلوے اسٹیشن‎ ) is located in Rahim Yar Khan city , Rahim Yar Khan district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
Madruga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( maˈðɾuɣa ) ) is a municipality and town in the Mayabeque Province of Cuba .
Dangyaband ( also , Dengyavin ) is a village in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Neve Harif ( Hebrew : נְוֵה חָרִיף ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Ch'iyar T'ikhi ( Aymara ch'iyara black , t'ikhi a hairstyle of the indigenous women where the ends of the hair are tied , `` black t'ikhi '' , hispanicized spelling Chiarthiji , Chiartiji ) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia , about 5,092 metres ( 16,706 ft ) high .
Łagisza Power Station ( Polish : Elektrownia Łagisza ) is a coal - fired thermal power station at Łagisza in Będzin , Poland .
Baksan River , also known as Azau ( Russian : Баксан , Азау ) is a river in Kabardino - Balkaria in Russia .
Moulay Ali Cherif Airport ( Arabic : مطار مولاي علي الشريف‎ ) ( IATA : ERH , ICAO : GMFK ) is an airport serving Errachidia ( Er - Rachidia ) , a town in the Drâa - Tafilalet region in Morocco .
Jahanabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان جهان آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Waja ( also known as Waja Temuga ) is a town in northern Ethiopia .
Pühalepa ( German : Pühhalep ) is a village in Pühalepa Parish , Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia .
Hradec Králové ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈɦradɛt͡s ˈkraːlovɛː ) ; German : Königgrätz ) is a city of the Czech Republic , in the Hradec Králové Region of Bohemia .
Miryang , often spelled Milyang , is a city in Gyeongsangnam - do Province , South Korea .
Semeteš ( Serbian : Semeteš , Serbian Cyrillic : Семетеш ) is a town in Serbia .
The Totnansberg , occasionally also called the Totmannsberg , is the highest peak in the Black Mountains , a subunit of the Rhön in central Germany .
The Oga Peninsula ( 男鹿半島 Oga - hantō ) is a rugged peninsula which projects west into the Sea of Japan from the coast of Akita in northern Honshū , the main island of Japan .
Kaffeklubben Island or Coffee Club Island ( Danish : Kaffeklubben Ø ; Greenlandic : Inuit Qeqertaat ) is a small island lying off the northern tip of Greenland .
Kastellholmen is a small island in the centre of Stockholm , Sweden , connected to the adjacent Skeppsholmen through the bridge Kastellholmsbron .
Sorkwity ( sɔrkˈfitɨ ) ( German : Sorquitten ) is a village in Mrągowo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Peringottukara is a village in the western coastal side of India .
The Commana Parish close ( Enclos paroissial ) is located at Commana in the arrondissement of Morlaix in Brittany in north - western France .
El Asintal ( Spanish pronunciation : ( el asinˈtal ) ) is a municipality in the Retalhuleu department of Guatemala .
Nicola Valley Institute of Technology ( NVIT ) is British Columbia 's Aboriginal public post - secondary institute in Merritt , British Columbia , Canada .
Sintgaing ( Burmese : စဥ့်ကိုင်မြို့ ) is a town in the Mandalay Region of central Myanmar .
Ruhama ( Hebrew : רֻחָמָה , `` Mercy '' ) is a kibbutz in the Negev desert in southern Israel .
Bost Airport ( IATA : BST , ICAO : OABT ) is an airport serving Lashkar Gah , a city in Helmand Province in Afghanistan .
Grabów Szlachecki ( ˈɡrabuf ʂlaˈxɛt͡ski ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowodwór , within Ryki County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Valgejõgi ( lit . White River ) is a river in Northern Estonia .
Baška Voda ( pronounced ( bâʃkaː vɔ̌da ) ; Italian : Porto Bestonio ) , is a municipality in Croatia in the Split - Dalmatia County .
Karyochori ( Greek : Καρυοχώρι meaning walnut village , before 1927 : Κοζλούκιοϊ - Kozloukioi ) is a village in the municipal unit of Agia Paraskevi in the Kozani regional unit , northern Greece .
Read Bridge ( Chinese : 李德桥 ) is a beam - structured bridge located at Clarke Quay within the Singapore River Planning Area in Singapore .
The Sector 16 Stadium ( Punjabi : ਸੇਕ੍ਟਰ ੧੬ ਸਟੇਡਿਯਮ , Hindi : सेक्टर १६ स्तादियम ) is a cricket stadium in Chandigarh , India .
Krasnobród Landscape Park ( Krasnobrodzki Park Krajobrazowy ) is a protected area ( Landscape Park ) in eastern Poland , established in 1988 below the town of Krasnobród and covering an area of 93.90 square kilometres ( 36.25 sq mi ) .
The Algebuckina Bridge is a Victorian era railway bridge south - east of Oodnadatta , on the Central Australian Railway in South Australia , and opened in January 1892 .
The CHIO Aachen is a popular international horse show held in Aachen , Germany held each summer .
Autopista 30 de Mayo ( English for highway 30th of May ) is a highway in the Dominican Republic .
Pupnat is a village on the island of Korčula in Croatia on the Dalmatian coast within the Dubrovnik - Neretva county .
Minaxorlu ( also , Minəxorlu and Minakhorlu ) is a village and municipality in the Aghjabadi Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zureda ( Zurea in Asturian ) is one of 24 parishes ( administrative divisions ) in Lena , a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias , in coastal northern Spain .
Al Hoceima National Park is a national park , outside the town of Al Hoceima in Morocco .
Stare Selo Castle is a castle in Stare Selo village , Pustomyty Raion , Lviv Oblast , Ukraine .
Lambertseter is a suburb of the city of Oslo , Norway , and is part of the borough of Nordstrand .
Qeshlaq - e Mira Alam ( Persian : قشلاق ميراعلم‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Mīrā ʿAlam ) is a village in Qeshlaq - e Sharqi Rural District , Qeshlaq Dasht District , Bileh Savar County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Wervik is one of the oldest towns in Belgium .
In 2013 the station changed its name to 91.7 ABC Gold Coast in alignment with the nomenclature used for other ABC Local Radio stations across Australia .
Hölty - Gymnasium is a public high school established in 1922 in Wunstorf , Germany .
Khallet el Hamra or Khallet Hamra is a ravine or wadi joining the larger Wadi Yaroun located 1 kilometre ( 0.62 mi ) southeast of Ain Ebelin the Bint Jbeil District of Nabatieh Governorate in Lebanon .
Markaba ( Arabic : مركبا‎ ) is a village located at Marjayoun municipality at Nabatieh Governorate , Lebanon .
Krong Kracheh is a district located in Kratié Province , in Cambodia .
Upper Baddibu was one of the six districts of the North Bank Division of The Gambia .
Murzard - e Nasrollah ( Persian : مورزردنصراله‎ , also Romanized as Mūrzard - e Naṣrollah ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
Vardø Chapel or Steglnes Chapel ( Norwegian : Vardø kapell / Steglnes kapell ) is a chapel in Vardø Municipality in Finnmark county , Norway .
The Galle Fort Hotel in Sri Lanka is a 12 room boutique hotel , situated inside Galle Fort , Galle .
The River Sine or Sine River ( Siin in Serer language ) is a river in Senegal .
The Hoggar Mountains ( Arabic : جبال هقار‎ , Berber : idurar n Ahaggar , Tuareg : Idurar Uhaggar ) , also known as the Ahaggar , are a highland region in the central Sahara , southern Algeria , along the Tropic of Cancer .
National Penghu University of Science and Technology ( NPU ; Chinese : 國立澎湖科技大學 ; pinyin : Guólì Pēnghú Kējì Dàxué ) is a public university located in Magong City , Penghu , Taiwan .
The Archives of Republika Srpska ( Serbo - Croatian : Архив Републике Српске , Arhiv Republike Srpske ) is an administrative organisation within the Ministry of Education and Culture of Republika Srpska , one of two constituent entities of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Daylaqlı ( until 2003 , Əzızbəyov and Azizbekov ) is a village and municipality in the Shahbuz District of Nakhchivan , Azerbaijan .
The 1956 Winter Olympics , officially known as the VII Olympic Winter Games ( French : Les VIIes Jeux olympiques d'hiver ) ( Italian : VII Giochi olimpici invernali ) , was a winter multi - sport event celebrated in Cortina d'Ampezzo , Italy .
Novoshakhtinsky ( Russian : Новоша́хтинский ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Mikhaylovsky District of Primorsky Krai , Russia .
Mahmudi - ye Bala ( Persian : محمودي بالا‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdī - ye Bālā ; also known as Maḩmūdī ) is a village in Qorqori Rural District , Qorqori District , Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Wentian Town ( simplified Chinese : 文田镇 ; traditional Chinese : 文田鎮 ; pinyin : Wentian Zhen ) is an urban town in Xinhua County , Loudi City , Hunan Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Oksem , Dongsolbatsem , Sesolbatsem and Namsolbatsem Islands Important Bird Area comprises a group of small islands , with a collective area of about 50 ha , in the north - eastern Yellow Sea , lying close to the western coast of North Korea .
Anushakti Nagar is the residential township of the Bhabha Atomic Research Center , Nuclear Power Corporation of India , Directorate of Construction Services and Estate Management , Atomic Energy Education Society in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
Vidošiči ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːdɔʃitʃi ) ; German : Widoschitz ) is a dispersed settlement in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , next to the border with Croatia .
Techi Dam ( Chinese : 德基水庫 ; pinyin : Déjī Shuǐkù ) is a concrete thin arch dam on the Dajia River in Heping District , Taichung , Taiwan .
Kabwelume Falls is a waterfall on the Kalungwishi River in the Northern Province of Zambia .
Ami'oz ( Hebrew : עַמִּיעוֹז ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Longana is a village located on the eastern part of Ambae island in Penama Province , Vanuatu .
The Free - minded Liberal Party ( Norwegian : Frisinnede Venstre ) was a political party in Norway founded in 1909 by the conservative - liberal faction of the Liberal Party .
Simlinge Church ( Swedish : Simlinge kyrka ) is a medieval Lutheran church north - east of Trelleborg , Sweden .
Democratic Party of Unity ( Serbian : Демократска странка јединства , Demokratska stranka jedinstva ) is a Montenegrin - Serbian Unionist political party in Montenegro .
Korkadu ( Tamil : கோர்காடு ) is a panchayat village in Nettapakkam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Post Kandi ( Persian : پست كندي‎ , also Romanized as Post Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Palaiochouni ( Greek : Παλαιοχούνη ) is a village in the municipal unit Valtetsi , Arcadia , Greece .
Port Alfred is a small town with a population of just under 26,000 in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa .
Bachórzec ( baˈxuʐɛt͡s ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dubiecko , within Przemyśl County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Merge in Takapuna is a mixed - use development / residential skyscraper proposed for Takapuna , North Shore City , New Zealand .
Wattle Grove Lake is a small artificially constructed lake in suburb of Wattle Grove , Sydney , Australia .
Chitreshwar is a village in Baharagora block , East Singhbhum district , Jharkhand state , India .
Mahmudabad - e Kordeh ( Persian : محمود آباد کرده‎ , also Romanized as Maḩmūdābād - e Kordeh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Istigol ( Persian : استي گل‎ , also Romanized as Īstīgol ; also known as Īstī Qol ) is a village in Anguran Rural District , Anguran District , Mahneshan County , Zanjan Province , Iran .
Nuuksio National Park ( Finnish : Nuuksion kansallispuisto , Swedish : Noux nationalpark ) is one of the national parks in Finland .
Antemnae was town and Roman colony of ancient Latium in Italy .
Čakovec Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 21 MW each having a total capacity of 84 MW .
Alingsås ( pronunciation in Swedish : Alingsås ) is a locality and the seat of Alingsås Municipality in Västra Götaland County , Sweden .
Nagarote ( Spanish pronunciation : ( naɣaˈɾote ) ) is a municipality in the León department of Nicaragua with a population of approximately 32,000 people .
Akwa Ibom State Association of Nigeria , USA Inc. , otherwise known as AKISAN is a 501(c)(3 ) non - profit organization based in the United States of America , which promotes the interests of the citizens of Akwa Ibom State of Nigeria both in the homeland and the diaspora .
The Sase prospect is a copper - bearing deposit in Katanga Province , Democratic Republic of the Congo , being developed by Tiger Resources .
Rudbar Yakhkesh ( Persian : رودباريخ كش‎ , also Romanized as Rūdbār Yakhkesh ; also known as Rūdbār ) is a village in Panj Hezareh Rural District , in the Central District of Behshahr County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Norra Fäladen is a city district in Lund , Sweden .
The Scherpenberg mill , located in Westmalle , Belgium , is a tower mill that was built in 1843 to grind grain into flour .
Lethbridge ( Gunnlaugson ) Aerodrome ( TC LID : CGN3 ) is an aerodrome located 6.8 nautical miles ( 12.6 km ; 7.8 mi ) northeast of Lethbridge , Alberta , Canada .
Pain Narenj Lengeh ( Persian : پائين نارنج لنگه‎ , also Romanized as Pā’īn Nārenj Lengeh ) is a village in Ahandan Rural District , in the Central District of Lahijan County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Karpinsk ( Russian : Карпи́нск ) is a town in Sverdlovsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Turya River ( Ob 's basin ) , 436 kilometers ( 271 mi ) north of Yekaterinburg , the administrative center of the oblast .
Chamabad ( Persian : چم اباد‎ , also Romanized as Chamābād ) is a village in Shurab - e Tangazi Rural District , in the Central District of Kuhrang County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Vlashnjë ( Serbian Cyrillic : Влашња ) is a village in the Prizren district of Kosovo .
Perak Turf Club is the major Thoroughbred horse racing facility in Ipoh , Perak , Malaysia .
Bay Le Moine ( or La Moine Bay ) is a natural bay on the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
Marselisborg Forests ( Danish : Marselisborgskovene ) or simply Marselisborg Forest , is a 1,300 hectares ( 3,200 acres ) forest to the south of Aarhus City in Denmark .
St Andrew 's Church , Brighton , is the Anglican parish church of the beachside suburb of Brighton , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia .
Garorim Bay Tidal Power Station is a planned tidal power plant in Garorim Bay , on the west coast of South Korea .
Flåvær is group of islets and skerries in the Herøyfjord in the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
The Schurre ( pronounced `` shoorer '' ) is a stone run in the Bode Gorge in the Lower Harz near Thale in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Skawina ( skaˈvʲina ) is a town in southern Poland with 27,328 inhabitants ( 2008 ) .
Hyrax Hill is a prehistoric site near Nakuru in the Rift Valley province of Kenya .
Richmond Hill Transit was created in 1960 to provide public transit service in Richmond Hill , Ontario , Canada .
IIT , Informatics Institute of Technology ( formerly IICS , Informatics Institute of Computer Studies ) is a private higher educational institute in Sri Lanka which specializes in Information Technology .
Darreh Marun ( Persian : دره مارون‎ , also Romanized as Darreh Mārūn ) is a village in Qarah Chaman Rural District , Arzhan District , Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Doorwerth Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Doorwerth ) is a medieval castle situated on the river Rhine near the city of Arnhem , Netherlands .
Metalworks Institute is a private career college located in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada .
Vaďovce ( Hungarian : Vagyóc ) is a village and municipality in Nové Mesto nad Váhom District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia between Biele and Male Karpaty .
Miguel de Cervantes Health Care Centre ( Miguel de Cervantes H.C.C. ) is a building located at Alcalá de Henares ( Madrid - Spain ) , which belongs to the Health Service of Madrid and it is assigned to direct public health care attention .
Agnam Thiodaye is a village in the Matam department in the north - east of Senegal .
Mazzara Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in Italy , which was located about 3 km north - northeast of Mazara del Vallo on Sicily .
Ermita del Cerro de los Mártires is a church located in San Fernando in the Province of Cádiz , Andalusia , Spain .
Jangal ( Persian : جنگل‎‎ ) is a city in and the capital of Jangal District , in Rashtkhvar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mikal ( Persian : ميكال‎ , also Romanized as Mīkāl ) is a village in Deylaman Rural District , Deylaman District , Siahkal County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Basciano is a town and comune in the province of Teramo , in the Abruzzo region of east central Italy .
The Mont Bessou viewing tower is a purpose - built panoramic tower , north of the town of Meymac in the Corrèze department of the Limousin ( region ) of France
There are no remains , except the site of the Fort Massey Cemetery , maintained by Veterans Affairs Canada .
Suhajar ( Persian : سوهاجر‎ , also Romanized as Sūhājar ) is a village in Chubar Rural District , Haviq District , Talesh County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Pardelup Prison Farm is an Australian minimum security prison located on a 2,600-hectare ( 6,425-acre ) mixed - farming operation 27 km west of Mount Barker , Western Australia .
Gulbiniškiai is a village in Jonava district municipality , in Kaunas County , central Lithuania .
The Tayan mine is a large mine located in the eastern part of Indonesia in West Kalimantan .
Pai Airport ( IATA : PYY - ICAO : VTCI ) ( ไทย:ท่าอากาศยานปาย ) is an airport serving Pai , a town in the Mae Hong Son Province of Thailand .
Markova Sušica ( Macedonian : Маркова Сушица ) is a village in the Studeničani Municipality , near Skopje , Macedonia .
Motuihe Island lies between Motutapu and Waiheke islands in the Hauraki Gulf of New Zealand , near Auckland .
The Linde Group , registered as Linde AG ( FWB : LIN ) , is a multinational industrial gases and engineering company founded in Germany in 1879 .
FC Olimpik Donetsk ( Ukrainian : `` Олімпік '' Донецьк ( o'limpik doˈnɛt͡sʲk ) ) is a professional football team based in Donetsk , Ukraine .
Tršić ( Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( tr̩̂ʃitɕ ) , Serbian Cyrillic : Тршић ) is a village in the municipality of Loznica , located in the Mačva region of Serbia .
Gjadër Air Base ( ICAO : LAGJ ) is a military airport located in Gjadër , Lezhë County , Albania .
Valsøy Bridge ( Norwegian : Valsøybrua ) is the longest of three spans that crosses parts of the Valsøyfjorden in the municipality of Halsa in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Fort Leonardo ( Maltese : Il - Fortizza San Leonardu ) , also known as Fort San Leonardo or Fort San Anard , is a polygonal fort in Żabbar , Malta .
The Barbo Manor ( Slovene : Barbova graščina ) is an 18th - century manor - house located in the settlement of Vesela Gora , part of the Municipality of Šentrupert in Inner Carniola , Slovenia .
Wairere Boulders allows visitors to see the large basalt boulders many with rare and spectacular solution features ( karst ) on the outside that are scattered all over the property of the Schaads , a Swiss couple who emigrated to New Zealand in 1983 .
Krasny Ugolok ( Russian : Кра́сный Уголо́к ) is a settlement in Ruzayevsky District of the Republic of Mordovia , Russia .
Bursa is a large city in Turkey , located in northwestern Anatolia , within the Marmara Region .
Keong Saik Road ( or Keong Siak Road ; Chinese : 恭锡路 ) is a one - way road located in Chinatown within the Outram Planning Area in Singapore .
Xasıdərə ( also , Khasidere and Kubalikend ) is a village in the Agsu Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Qoşasu ( also , Koshasu ) is a village in Lachin district of Azerbaijan .
Naujininkai is one of the neighborhoods of Vilnius , Lithuania .
The Old Head of Kinsale ( in Irish , An Seancheann ) is a headland near Kinsale , County Cork , Ireland .
The Tamur River ( Nepali : तमोर नदी Tamor Nadi , known historically as the Tambar River ) is a major river in eastern Nepal , which begins around Kanchenjunga .
Cerro Avispa is a tepui in Amazonas state , Venezuela .
Prasat Ta Muen Thom ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទតាមាន់ធំ , Thai : ปราสาทตาเมือนธม , rtgs : Prasat Ta Muean Thom ) is a Khmer temple in Thailand located in the province of Surin , a few dozen meters from the border with Cambodia 's Oddar Meanchey Province .
Sounine is a village on the northern coast of Tunisia , 60 km from the capital Tunis and 30 km from Bizerte .
Shengus ( or Shingus ) is a village in the Haramosh Mountains , Skardu District , Baltistan , in Gilgit Baltistan , Pakistan .
The Dwingeloo Radio Observatory is a single - dish radio telescope near the village of Dwingeloo in the northeastern Netherlands .
The Perth Redbacks are a basketball club from Perth , Western Australia competing in the semi - professional State Basketball League ( SBL ) , Women 's State Basketball League ( WSBL ) and Junior Western Australian Basketball League ( WABL ) .
Expedition GeForce is a steel roller coaster located at Holiday Park in Haßloch , Germany .
Biznes is a newspaper published in Albania .
Özyeğin University is a private , non - profit university located in Istanbul , Turkey .
Awali is a small municipality located approximately in the centre of the Kingdom of Bahrain , a small island in the Persian Gulf .
Zangebar Rural District ( Persian : دهستان زنگبار‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Poldasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Nicopolis ad Nestum or Nicopolis ad Mestum is a ruined Roman town of the province of Thracia ( Thrace ) near to the modern village of Garmen on the left bank of the Mesta river , in Garmen Municipality , Bulgaria .
Sauzon ( Breton : Saozon ) is a commune in the Morbihan department of the region of Brittany in north - western France .
The Great Mosque of Kairouan ( جامع القيروان الأكبر ) , also known as the Mosque of Uqba ( Arabic : جامع عقبة بن نافع‎ ) , is one of the most important mosques in Tunisia , situated in the UNESCO World Heritage town of Kairouan .
Łęczynko ( wɛnˈt͡ʂɨnkɔ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Mbuji Mayi Airport ( IATA : MJM , ICAO : FZWA ) is an airport serving Mbuji Mayi ( formerly Bakwanga ) , the capital of the Kasai - Oriental Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Laubere parish ( Latvian : Lauberes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of Ogre Municipality , Latvia .
Gooseham is a hamlet in northeast Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Østfold University College ( Norwegian : Høgskolen i Østfold , HiØ ) is a further and higher education institution in south - eastern Norway .
Ludowe ( luˈdɔvɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lewin Kłodzki , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Sveti Nikole ( Macedonian : Свети Николе ( ˌsfɛːti ˈnikɔlɛ ) ; meaning Saint Nicholas ) is a town in the Republic of Macedonia .
Gusheh Kamar ( Persian : گوشه كمر‎ , also Romanized as Gūsheh Kamar ; also known as Gūsh Kamar ) is a village in Kuh Yakhab Rural District , Dastgerdan District , Tabas County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Svishtov ( Bulgarian : Свищов , known as Свѣщний / Sveshtniy in old Bulgarian ) is a town in northern Bulgaria , located in Veliko Tarnovo Province on the right bank of the Danube river opposite the Romanian town of Zimnicea .
Divshal ( Persian : ديوشل‎ , also Romanized as Dīvshal ; also known as Bījār Bāgh Dīvshal and Bījār Bāgh - e Dīvshal ) is a village in Divshal Rural District , in the Central District of Langarud County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Sabaudia is a coastal town in the province of Latina , Lazio , central Italy .
The Mullsjö Pentecostal Church ( Swedish : Mullsjö pingstkyrka ) is a church building in Mullsjö , Sweden belonging to the Swedish Pentecostal Movement .
The National Herbarium of Victoria is one of Australia 's premier state herbaria .
Dunk Island Airport ( IATA : DKI , ICAO : YDKI ) is located on the west side of Dunk Island , Australia , only 5 km ( 3.1 mi ) from Mission Beach .
The Landsker Borderlands Trail is a waymarked long distance footpath in the United Kingdom running through Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire in West Wales .
Bishwo Shahitto Kendro ( BSK ) ( Bengali : বিশ্ব সাহিত্য কেন্দ্র , meaning ' World - Literature Centre ' ) , is a non - profit institution in Bangladesh to promote reading habits , enlightenment and progressive ideas among students and general public .
Krosno ( ˈkrɔsnɔ ) ( in full The Royal Free City of Krosno , Polish : Królewskie Wolne Miasto Krosno ) is a town and county in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , Poland with 47,140 inhabitants , as of 30 June 2014 .
Krzywaniec ( kʂɨˈvaɲet͡s ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogród Bobrzański , within Zielona Góra County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Savad Rudbar ( Persian : سوادرودبار‎ , also Romanized as Savād Rūdbār and Savād - e Rūd Bār ) is a village in Valupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Plémet ( Breton : Plezeved , Gallo : Plémaèu ) is a former commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Gampriner Seele is the only lake in Liechtenstein .
Deh Baneh - ye Eslamabad ( Persian : دهبنه اسلام اباد‎ , also Romanized as Deh Baneh - ye Eslāmābād ; also known as De - Bane , Deh Baneh , and Deh Boneh ) is a village in Eslamabad Rural District , Sangar District , Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Kvemo Sarali ( Georgian : ქვემო სარალი , Azerbaijani : Aşağı Saral ) is a village in Georgia country .
Vrhovlje pri Kožbani ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈxoːu̯ljɛ pɾi kɔˈʒbaːni ) ) is a small settlement northwest of Kožbana in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia on the border with Italy .
Central Cooperative Bank is a bank in Bulgaria , listed on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange .
Storavatnet is a lake just southwest of the village of Loddefjord in Bergen , Hordaland county , Norway .
Haret ech Cheikh ( also Haret - Ech - Cheikh ) , is a municipality in the Matn District in the Mount Lebanon Governorate near Bouchriyeh .
Cases - de - Pène ( Catalan : Les Cases de Pena ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Orientales department in southern France .
Walewale is a small town and the capital of West Mamprusi district in the Northern Region of Ghana .
Macquarie Harbour is a large , shallow , inlet , located in the West Coast region of Tasmania , Australia .
Clonsilla railway station is a railway station that serves Clonsilla , County Dublin , Ireland .
As of 2011 India census , for Nambiyur Statistics Nambiyur had a population of 16,379 .
Clairvaux Prison is a high - security prison in France , on the grounds of the former Clairvaux Abbey ( Coordinates 48.146663 ° 4.788483 ° ) .
Beloveža is a village and municipality in Bardejov District , in the Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Wodzierady ( vɔd͡ʑeˈradɨ ) is a village in Łask County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Genova Sampierdarena railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Genova Sampierdarena ) is located in Piazza Montano , in the Sampierdarena district of Genoa , Italy .
Kalba ( Arabic : كلباء‎ ) is a town in the United Arab Emirates .
Zombitse - Vohibasia National Park is a national Park of Madagascar .
Mandarthi is a Hindu holy place located 25 km north to Udupi in the Udupi District of Karnataka state , India .
Zahirabad - e Nahr Mian ( Persian : ظهيرابادنهرميان‎ , also Romanized as Z̧ahīrābād - e Nahr Mīān ; also known as Z̧ahīrābād and Z̧ahīrābād - e Qūsh Tappeh ) is a village in Nahr - e Mian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Yungaba Immigration Centre is a former immigration reception centre in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Bernay - en - Champagne ( formerly Bernay ) is a commune in the Sarthe department in the region of Pays - de - la - Loire in north - western France .
Džepčište ( Macedonian : Џепчиште ) ( Albanian : Xhepçishti ) is a village in Macedonia .
Pianottoli - Caldarello ( Corsican : Pianottuli Caldareddu , also spelled Pianotolli - Caldarello ) is a commune in the Corse - du - Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .
Rit'i Urmasqa ( Quechua rit'i snow , urmasqa fallen down , `` snow fallen down '' , hispanicized spelling Riti Urmasca , erroneously also Ritiurcamasca ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 5,200 metres ( 17,060 ft ) high .
Pathari State was a former princely state of India , administratively under the Bhopal Agency subdivision of the Central India Agency .
Elektrostal ( Russian : Электроста́ль ) is a city in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located 58 kilometers ( 36 mi ) east of Moscow .
Rosia Bay is the only natural harbour in Gibraltar , the British Overseas Territory at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula .
Łuczniczka is a sport , show and fair arena in Bydgoszcz , Poland .
Spednic Lake ( sometimes Spednik Lake or Spednick Lake ) is a mesotrophic lake in the Chiputneticook Lakes chain along the Canada--
Tyin is a lake in the southwest part of the Jotunheimen mountain range in Norway .
Haslev , a town in Faxe municipality , lies in the southern part of Zealand , Denmark .
Komara ( Greek : Κόμαρα ) is a village in the northwestern part of the Evros regional unit in northern Greece .
Chamnaka is a village of Jadoon in Abbottabad District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan .
Chung Cheong University is a private technical university in Cheongju City , the capital of North Chungcheong province , South Korea .
Drozdowice Małe ( drɔzdɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈmawɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wąsosz , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Old Oyo National Park is one of the national parks of Nigeria , located across northern Oyo State and southern Kwara State , Nigeria .
Zaozerne ( Ukrainian : Заозерне ; Russian : Заозёрное , translit . Zaozyornoye ) is an urban - type settlement in the Yevpatoria municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and incorporated by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
The Hellenic Swimming Federation ( Greek : Κολυμβητική Ομοσπονδία Ελλάδος ) founded in 1927 , is the aquatics national federation for Greece .
Taunshits ( Russian : Тауншиц ) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Schulzentrum Marienhöhe or Marienhoehe Academy is a private K-13 , co - educational Christian boarding school in Darmstadt , Germany .
Alès ( French pronunciation : ​(a.lɛs ) ; Alès in Occitan ) is a commune in the Gard department in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Caxias do Sul ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( kaˈʃias du ˈsuw ) ) is a city in Rio Grande do Sul , Southern Brazil , situated in the state 's mountainous Serra Gaúcha region .
Tomb KV17 , located in Egypt 's Valley of the Kings and also known by the names `` Belzoni 's tomb '' , `` the Tomb of Apis '' , and `` the Tomb of Psammis , son of Nechois '' , is the tomb of Pharaoh Seti I of the Nineteenth Dynasty .
Mother Hospital is a multi - speciality hospital situated in Olari ; near Thrissur , Kerala state , India .
Sredgora ( pronounced ( ˈsɾeːdɡɔɾa ) ; German : Mittenwald ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Bapsfontein is a town in Ekhuruleni , South Africa , and falls into the Elandsvlei Conservancy area .
Snønipa is a mountain in the municipalities of Jølster and Gloppen in Sogn og Fjordane , Norway .
Hotel Ringkøbing is a hotel located on the central market square in Ringkøbing , Denmark .
Danków Mały ( ˈdankuf ˈmawɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Włoszczowa , within Włoszczowa County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Pedatadepalli , is a major grama panchayat ( village ) in the mandal ( county ) of Tadepalligudem , within West Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh , India .
Leigh Ashford was a rock group formed in Toronto , Ontario , Canada , and which existed between 1966 and 1974 .
Bulgwang Station is a subway station located in Eunpyeong - gu , which is a district in Seoul , South Korea .
Badriyeh ( Persian : بدريه‎ , also Romanized as Badrīyeh ) is a village in Howmeh - ye Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramshahr County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology , Dehradun is an autonomous research institute for the study of Geology of the Himalaya under the Department of Science and Technology , Ministry of Science and Technology , Govt . of India .
Vikbolandet is a large peninsula east of Norrköping city in Östergötland , Sweden .
Lisowola ( lisɔˈvɔla ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puszcza Mariańska , within Żyrardów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Dahan - e Falezak ( Persian : دهن فلزک‎ ) is the district center of Shahrak District in Ghor Province , Afghanistan .
Antilhue is a village ( Spanish : aldea ) in Chile , South America .
The Inverell Times is an English language newspaper published in Inverell , New South Wales , Australia .
Como West Public School is a comprehensive public primary ( K-6 ) school located in the Sydney suburb of Como West , New South Wales , Australia .
Dąbrowa Chotomowska ( dɔmˈbrɔva xɔtɔˈmɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Bommersvik is a Union college ( Swedish : Förbundskola from Förbund meaning union or association and skola meaning school or college ) built by the Swedish Social Democratic Youth League ( SSU ) and is situated outside the municipality of Södertälje in Sweden .
Gemena Airport ( French : Aéroport de Gemena ) ( IATA : GMA , ICAO : FZFK ) is an airport serving Gemena , the capital of the Sud - Ubangi District in Équateur province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Alphonse Atoll is one of two atolls of the Alphonse Group , the other being St. François Atoll -- both in the Outer Islands ( Coralline Seychelles ) coral archipelago of the Seychelles .
Mettmann is a Rhenish town in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
The Munich S - Bahn ( German : S - Bahn München ) is an electric rail transit system in Munich , Germany .
Linaküla is one of the four villages on the island of Kihnu , in southwestern Estonia .
Skopos ( Greek : Σκοπός ; Macedonian Slavic : Сетина , Setina ) is a village in Florina regional unit , Greece .
Preah Khan ( Khmer : ប្រាសាទព្រះខ័ន ; `` Royal Sword '' ) is a temple at Angkor , Cambodia , built in the 12th century for King Jayavarman VII to honor his father .
Friuli is an area of Northeast Italy with its own particular cultural and historical identity .
Teknikum is a secondary school ( `` gymnasium '' ) in Växjö , Sweden .
The Massif de la Hotte is a mountain range in southwestern Haiti , on the far - western end of the Tiburon Peninsula .
Amizmiz ( أمزميز AMZ - meez ) is a small town in Morocco approximately 55 kilometers south of Marrakesh .
Novosibirsk ( Russian : Новосиби́рск ; IPA : ( nəvəsʲɪˈbʲirsk ) ) is the third most populous city in Russia after Moscow and St. Petersburg and the most populous city in Asian Russia , with a population of 1,473,754 as of the 2010 Census .
The Miage Glacier is a debris - covered glacier in the upper Aosta Valley , in northwestern Italy .
Sowinko ( sɔˈvinkɔ ) ( formerly German Neu Zowen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Polanów , within Koszalin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
As of 2001 , the India census showed Sahanpur had a population of 18,349 .
Soles de Santo Domingo Este is a professional basketball team based in Santo Domingo Este , Santo Domingo Dominican Republic .
Okiato or Old Russell is a small holiday spot in the Bay of Islands , New Zealand , seven km south of present - day Russell .
Sartang - e Heygun ( Persian : سرتنگ هيگون‎ , also Romanized as Sartang - e Heygūn ) is a village in Dehdasht - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The West Toronto Railpath is a multi - use asphalt trail in Toronto , Canada , running from The Junction neighbourhood toward downtown Toronto .
Yanbu ' al Bahr ( Arabic : ينبع البحر‎ , Yanbuʿ al - Baḥr , `` spring by the sea '' ) , also known simply as Yanbu , Yambo or Yenbo , is a major Red Sea port in the Al Madinah province of western Saudi Arabia .
Łobez ( ˈwɔbɛs ) ( German : Labes ) is a town in Poland , in West Pomeranian Voivodeship .
Nutha ( sometimes Gut Nutha ) is a village and a former municipality in the district of Anhalt - Bitterfeld , in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany .
Marolče ( pronounced ( ˈmaːɾou̯tʃɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Ribnica in southern Slovenia .
Zandspruit is a township in the Region C of Johannesburg in the Gauteng province of South Africa .
Khaosan Road or Khao San Road ( Thai : ถนนข้าวสาร ) is a short street in central Bangkok , Thailand .
Ellenbrae , also commonly referred to as Ellenbrae Station , is a pastoral lease that operates as a cattle station in the Western Australia .
The Sylva River ( Russian : Сылва ) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast and Perm Krai in Russia .
Höfðatorg Tower 1 is an office tower in Iceland The building is located in downtown Reykjavík .
Tassafaronga Point ( 9 ° 22′S 159 ° 52′E ) is a point on the north shore of Guadalcanal , Solomon Islands .
The Episcopal Diocese of Pittsburgh is a diocese in the Episcopal Church in the United States of America .
Samaheej ( Arabic : سماهيج‎ Samāhīj ) is a village in Bahrain on the northern coast of Muharraq Island .
XHEPO - FM is a radio station located in the city of San Luis Potosí , San Luis Potosí , Mexico .
Shotaryz ( also , Shataryz ) is a village in the Zangilan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Norsjö Municipality ( Swedish : Norsjö kommun ) is a municipality in Västerbotten County in northern Sweden .
Parzegan - e Kharraj ( Persian : پرزگان خراج‎ , also Romanized as Parzegān - e Kharrāj ; also known as Parzegān - e Harrāj and Parzehgān - e Kharāj ) is a village in Chenarud - e Shomali Rural District , Chenarud District , Chadegan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Manitowaning / Manitoulin East Municipal Airport , ( IATA : YEM , ICAO : CYEM ) , is located 7.5 nautical miles ( 13.9 km ; 8.6 mi ) north of Manitowaning , Ontario , Canada .
Maubara is a village in Maubara Subdistrict ( Liquiçá District , East Timor ) , just west of the city of Liquiçá .
Pinik was the main city of Korduq province in Greater Armenia .
Ganagapura ( sometimes called Deval Ganagapur ) is a Village in Karnataka , India .
Devanga Higher Secondary School is a Tamilnadu Government aided , boys only school , located in the city of Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Oomerabad also written as Umarabad is a village in Vellore District of Tamil Nadu state in India and is part of Ambur Taluk .
Chyuyya ( Russian : Чюйя ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Khodorinsky Rural Okrug of Megino - Kangalassky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 5 kilometers ( 3.1 mi ) from Mayya , the administrative center of the district .
The Sackville River is a river in Hants County and Halifax Regional Municipality , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Miño Volcano is a symmetrical cone - shaped stratovolcano located in El Loa Province , Antofagasta Region , Chile .
Today the metropolis of Kos remains under the direct authority of the Patriarchate of Constantinople , rather than the Church of Greece , and is also listed by the Catholic Church as a titular see .
Barkmeijer Shipyards is a shipbuilder based in Stroobos in the Netherlands .
Gaustad is a neighborhood in Nordre Aker borough of Oslo , Norway .
The Barnes Ice Cap is an ice cap located in central Baffin Island , Nunavut , Canada .
The Gurasada mine is a large mine in the west of Romania in Hunedoara County , 28 km north - west of Deva and 409 km northwest of the capital , Bucharest .
Crnjelovo Gornje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Црњелово Горње ) is a small village located north of the city of Bijeljina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Isa Bazar ( Persian : عيسي بازار‎ , also Romanized as ʿĪsá Bāzār and Eesábāzār ) is a village in Polan Rural District , Polan District , Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bhopay Wal ( chak 23 ) is a village in the southwest of Pattoki , Pakistan and center of union council .
Prrenjas ( also written Përrenjas , in Albanian ) is a town and a municipality in Elbasan County , eastern Albania .
Pokhodsk ( Russian : Походск ; Sakha : Походскай ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Pokhodsky Rural Okrug of Nizhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 255 kilometers ( 158 mi ) from Chersky , the administrative center of the district .
Cap - de - la - Madeleine is a former city in Quebec , Canada at the confluence of the Saint - Maurice River and the St. Lawrence River .
Vino Nobile di Montepulciano is a red wine with a Denominazione di Origine Controllata e Garantita status produced in the vineyards surrounding the town of Montepulciano , Italy .
Fumukwe is a village in Manama ward the province of Matabeleland South , Zimbabwe .
Yam Rural District ( Persian : دهستان يام‎‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in Meshkan District , Khoshab County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
The Sodegaura Power Station ( 袖ケ浦火力発電所 ) is a large gas - fired power station in Sodegaura , Chiba Prefecture , Japan .
Atsonupuri ( Russian : Атсонупури ; Ainu : アトゥサヌプリ , Atusa - nupuri ; Japanese : 阿登佐岳 , Atosa - dake ) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island , Kuril Islands , Russia .
Mareth ( Arabic : مارث‎ Māraṯ ) is a town and commune in Tunisia .
Saranta Kolones(Greek : Κάστρο Σαράντα Κολώνες , Forty Columns castle ) is a ruined medieval fortress inside the Paphos Archaeological Park and it is located just north of the harbour of Paphos , on the island of Cyprus .
The North West Shelf of Western Australia is an extensive oil and gas region off the North West Australia coast in the Pilbara region .
The Barbadoes Street Cemetery is the oldest cemetery in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Manavgat Waterfall on the Manavgat River is near the city of Side , 3 km ( 2 mi ) north of Manavgat , Turkey .
The Savoia Excelsior Palace is a 4 star hotel in Trieste , Italy owned by the Starhotels group .
Savoy ( /səˈvɔɪ/ ; Arpitan : Savouè , IPA : ( saˈvwɛ ) ; French : Savoie ( savwa ) ; Italian : Savoia ( saˈvɔːja ) ) is a cultural region in Rhône - Alpes , France .
Djenné - Djenno ( also Jenne - Jeno ; /ˈdʒɛniː dʒʌˌnoʊ/ ) is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in the Niger River Valley in the country of Mali .
Štrekljevec ( pronounced ( ˈʃtɾeːkljɛʋəts ) ; German : Streklowitz ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
The Ryn Desert or Ryn - Peski Desert ( Russian : Рын-пески ; Kazakh : Нарын-Құм ) , is a desert in western Kazakhstan and southeastern Russia , north of the Caspian Sea and southeast of the Volga Upland .
The Alpha Coal Project is a coal mine and railway project in Queensland , Australia .
Hotel Petersberg is a hotel and official guest house of the Federal Republic of Germany , termed the `` Bundesgästehaus '' ( the official title being Gästehaus der Verfassungsorgane der Bundesrepublik Deutschland ) .
The Universidad Hispanoamerica is private university in San José , Costa Rica which is dedicated to medical studies - specifically driven towards doctors and nurses .
The Gerasimov Institute of Cinematography ( Russian : Всероссийский государственный университет кинематографии имени С.А.Герасимова , meaning All - Russian State University of Cinematography named after S. A. Gerasimov ) , aka VGIK , is a film school in Moscow , Russia .
Elsternwick Park ( currently known by its sponsored name Sportscover Arena ) is an Australian rules football and cricket stadium in Brighton , a suburb of Melbourne in Victoria , Australia .
The Porte de Vincennes ( pɔʁt də vɛ̃.sɛn ) is one of the city gates of Paris ( France ) situated in the Bel Air neighborhood of the 12th arrondissement .
Keddaso(also spelled Keddasa ) or Bhumi Puje is popularly known as the `` festival of worshipping Mother Earth '' in the Tulu Nadu region of South India .
Uggdal Church ( Norwegian : Uggdal kyrkje ) is a parish church in Tysnes municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The School , Mount Victoria , also known as The School , Mt Victoria , was an independent , non - denominational , boarding school for boys , located in Mount Victoria , a small township in the Blue Mountains of New South Wales , Australia .
Siyov ( also , Silov and Siov ) is a village and municipality in the Lerik Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The House of Wangchuck ( Tibetan : དབང་ཕྱུག་རྒྱལ་བརྒྱུད་ , Wylie : Dbang - phyug Rgyal - brgyud ) has ruled Bhutan since it was reunified in 1907 .
Budki Suserskie ( ˈbutki suˈsɛrskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szczawin Kościelny , within Gostynin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Fuerte de la Concepción ( English : Fort of the Conception ) was a Spanish military fortress guarding the port and town of Aguadilla , Puerto Rico , in the 18th and 19th centuries .
Koblek ( pronounced ( ˈkoːblɛk ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Gardiner Dam on the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatchewan is the third largest embankment dam in Canada and one of the largest embankment dams in the world .
Pak Tin Estate ( Chinese : 白田邨 ) is a public housing estate in Shek Kip Mei , Sham Shui Po , Kowloon , Hong Kong , located between Shek Kip Mei Estate and Chak On Estate .
Mabanda is a city located close to the southern tip of Burundi , near the border with Tanzania .
The 1963 Provincial Speedway League was the fourth season of the Provincial League in the United Kingdom .
Pramanta ( Greek : Πράμαντα ) is a village and a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
Holdhus Church ( Norwegian : Holdhus kyrkje ; historically called Hålandsdal kyrkje ) is a former parish church in Fusa municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
The Military Emergencies Unit ( Spanish : Unidad Militar de Emergencias , UME ; IPA : ( uniˈðað miliˈtar ðe emerˈxenθjas ) ) is a branch of the Spanish Armed Forces responsible for providing disaster relief throughout Spain mainly , and abroad if required .
Kysak is a village and railway hub in Košice - okolie District in the Košice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Kambalny ( Russian : Камбальный ) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Nork - Marash Medical Center is a teaching hospital and biomedical research facility in Yerevan , Armenia , focused on cardiac care .
Tomzhangsa Gewog ( Dzongkha : སྟོང་མི་གཞང་ས་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashiyangtse District , Bhutan .
Fago is a town and municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Cheshmeh Kesh ( Persian : چشمه كش‎ ; also known as Sārī Qomīsh ) is a village in Kandovan Rural District , Kandovan District , Meyaneh County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Zaandam ( Dutch pronunciation : ( zaːndɑm ) ) is a city in the Netherlands , in the province of North Holland .
Samcheonggak is near Cheong Wa Dae , the official residence of the President of South Korea , so the surrounding forest remained undeveloped during Korea 's miraculous economic growth .
Nadrybie - Wieś ( naˈdrɨbjɛ ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Puchaczów , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Bnei Dror ( Hebrew : בְּנֵי דְּרוֹר , lit . Sons of Liberty ) is a moshav shitufi in central Israel .
Ellenhausen ist eine Ortsgemeinde -- a community belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde -- in the Westerwaldkreis in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Ummathoor is a village near Civil Station in the state of Kerala , India .
The Breda Formation ( Dutch : Formatie van Breda ; abbreviation : BR ) is a geologic formation in the subsurface of the Netherlands .
Orthez ( Gascon Ortès ) is a commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in south - western France .
Hrymalivka ( Ukrainian : Грималівка ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Gradnik ( pronounced ( ˈɡɾaːdnik ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Semič in Slovenia .
Limerick Institute of Technology ( LIT ) is an institution of higher education in Limerick , Ireland and is one of 13 institutes that are members of the Institutes of Technology Ireland ( IOTI ) .
Tainsar is a village near Debagarh in Debagarh district of Orissa state of India .
Comiziano is a comune ( municipality ) in the Metropolitan City of Naples in Italy , Campania region , located about 30 km northeast of Naples .
Tzoumerka ( Greek : Τζουμέρκα ) is a former municipality in the Ioannina regional unit , Epirus , Greece .
The Kootenay International Junior Hockey League is a Junior `` B '' Ice Hockey league in British Columbia , Canada , sanctioned by Hockey Canada .
The Kharkiv Cathedral Mosque , also known as Khavidrali Mosque , ( Ukrainian : Харківська соборна мечеть ) is located in Kharkiv , Ukraine .
Qaleh - ye Mirza ( Persian : قلعه ميرزا‎ , also Romanized as Qal``eh - ye Mīrzā ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Khorrambid County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 300 , in 64 families .
Lahad Datu Airport ( IATA : LDU , ICAO : WBKD ) is an airport located 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) from Lahad Datu , a town in the state of Sabah in Malaysia .
Just for Laughs ( French : Juste pour rire ) is a comedy festival held each July in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Mowtowr - e Aduri ( Persian : موتورادوري‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ādūrī ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
The `` Tarte al d'jote '' is the culinary speciality of the city of Nivelles , Belgium .
Fiddaun Castle is a tower house in Tubber , County Galway , in Ireland .
Zierbena is a town and municipality located in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of Basque Country , northern Spain .
Timbédra is a commune and town in the Hodh Ech Chargui Region of south - eastern Mauritania .
Escuela de Aviación Militar Airport ( ICAO : SACE ) is a military airport located 6 nm west - southwest of Córdoba , Córdoba , Argentina .
The Fort de Chaudfontaine , also called the Fort de la Rochette , is one of twelve forts built as part of the fortifications of Liège in the late 19th century in Belgium .
The Chilla - Kimsa Chata mountain range ( also spelled Kimsachata , Aymara and Quechua kimsa three , Pukina chata mountain , `` three mountains '' , hispanicized spellings Quimsachata , Quimsa Chata ) is situated in Bolivia south east of Wiñaymarka Lake , the southern part of Lake Titicaca , in the La Paz Department , Ingavi Province .
The Fembediu River or Brădești River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River , in Romania
Rotterdamse Elektrische Tram ( RET ) is the main public transport operator in Rotterdam , Netherlands .
The Rieger tradition was also continued by the owners and workers of the original firm , who moved to Austria and founded a new workshop as ' Rieger Orgelbau ' .
Darreh - ye Altamur is a village in Bamyan Province in northern - central Afghanistan .
Bürgel Abbey ( German : Kloster Bürgel ) is a Benedictine monastery in the village of Thalbürgel of the town of Bürgel in Saale - Holzland - Kreis district in Thuringia in Germany .
Kokkari is a village on Samos Island , Greece , about 10 kilometers from the capital city , Vathy .
The Seabird Coast , a beach area situated on the Firth of Thames in the North Island of New Zealand , lies about three kilometers from the small town of Miranda .
Wólka Górska ( ˈvulka ˈɡurska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Legionowo County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
St. Thomas Assembly was an automobile plant located in Southwold , Ontario , Canada close to the Talbotville community and to the nearby city of St. Thomas .
The God Help Me Pass , or Lekhalong - la - Molimo - Nthuse in seSotho , is a mountain pass ( elev . 2318 m ) in western Lesotho .
Oldfield Estuary is an estuary in the Goldfields - Esperance region of Western Australia .
Pyrgetos ( Greek : Πυργετός ) is a village in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Yalamlam ( يلملم ) is a city in the Mecca Province of Saudi Arabia in the Yalamlam Valley .
Kampong Chhnang District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់ឆ្នាំង ) is a district ( srok ) in the centre of Kampong Chhnang Province in central Cambodia .
Maracas - Saint Joseph is a colloquial name used in Trinidad and Tobago to distinguish the Maracas Valley above the town of Saint Joseph from Maracas Beach .
The House of Bernadotte , the current royal house of Sweden , has reigned since 1818 .
Ilori ( Georgian : ილორი ; Abkhaz : Елыр , Elyr ; Russian : Илори ) is a village in the Ochamchira District of Abkhazia , Georgia , located on the coast of the Black Sea .
The Commonwealth Railways were established in 1912 by the Government of Australia to construct the Trans - Australia and Port Augusta to Darwin railways .
The Salazar Valley ( Basque : Zaraitzu Ibarra , Spanish : Valle de Salazar ) is a valley in the east of the Foral Community of Navarre in Spain .
The Cypriot National Guard ( Greek : Εθνική Φρουρά , Ethnikí Frourá ; Turkish : Kıbrıs Ulusal Muhafızları ) , also known as the Greek Cypriot National Guard or simply as `` National Guard '' , is the combined arms military force of the Republic of Cyprus .
The Gailes Golf Club is a golf club in Wacol , Queensland , Australia , 20 minutes south of Brisbane .
Divača ( pronounced ( diˈʋaːtʃa ) ) is a large nucleated village in the Littoral region of Slovenia , near the Italian border .
Am Brahmetal is a Verwaltungsgemeinschaft ( `` collective municipality '' ) in the district of Greiz , in Thuringia , Germany .
Gulripshi ( Abkhaz : Гәылрыҧшь , Gwylryphsh ; Georgian : გულრიფში , Gulripshi ; Russian : Гульрыпш , Gulrypsh ) is an urban settlement in Abkhazia , Georgia .
Tayyebabad ( Persian : طيب اباد‎ , also Romanized as Ţayyebābād ; also known as Ţayyeb , Teybābād , and Ţīb ) is a village in Khorram Dasht Rural District , Kamareh District , Khomeyn County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Błaziny Dolne ( bwaˈʑinɨ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Constitutional Liberal Party ( Tunisian Arabic : حزب الحر الدستوري‎ , Ḥizb el - Ḥor ed - Dostūrī ) , most commonly known as Destour , was a Tunisian political party , founded in 1920 , which had as its goal to liberate Tunisia from French colonial control .
The Seegrotte , near Hinterbrühl , Austria , is an underground cave system with a large grotto located under a former gypsum mine .
Qeqertat is a small village in the Qaanaaq area of the Qaasuitsup municipality , in northern Greenland .
Ikaros Smederna is a motorcycle speedway club based in Eskilstuna , Sweden .
The Paroo Floodplain and Currawinya Important Bird Area is a 7,874 km2 ( 3,040 sq mi ) site comprising the floodplain and the associated wetlands of the Paroo River in north - western New South Wales and south - western Queensland , Australia .
Elekere ( also transliterated El Kere ) or Serer is one of the woredas in the Somali Region of Ethiopia .
The Caves of Gargas ( French : Grottes de Gargas ) in the Pyrenees region of France are known for their cave art from the Upper Paleolithic period - about 27,000 years old .
Stutterheim is a town with a population of 46,730 in South Africa , situated in the Border region of the Eastern Cape province .
Olivadi ( Greek : Livadion ) is a comune and town in the province of Catanzaro in the Calabria region of Italy .
The Victor Babeș University of Medicine and Pharmacy , Timișoara ( Romanian : Universitatea de Medicină și Farmacie `` Victor Babeş '' , Timișoara ) is located in Timişoara , Romania .
Lake Orestiada or Lake Kastoria ( Greek : Λίμνη Ορεστιάδα ) is a lake in the Kastoria regional unit of Macedonia , northwestern Greece .
Tešnjar ( Serbian Cyrillic : Тешњар ) is the old quarter of the city of Valjevo , in Serbia .
Awasa Airport ( Arabic : አባ ጤና ደጃ‎ ; Aw'asa ) ( IATA : AWA , ICAO : HALA ) is an airport in Awasa , Ethiopia .
Madytos ( Greek : Μάδυτος ) is a former municipality in the Thessaloniki regional unit , Greece .
The Pythagoreion is the archaeological site of the ancient town of Samos in Samos , Greece .
Běhařovice ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbjɛɦar̝ovɪtsɛ ) ) is a small town ( městys ) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
In classical Greece Hippeios Colonus ( /kəˈloʊnəs/ ; Greek : Ἵππειος Κολωνός , `` Colonus of the Horses '' ) was a deme about 1 km ( 0.62 mi ) to the northwest of Athens , near Plato 's Academy .
The Panna - Mukta oilfield consists of two contiguous offshore oil fields to the northwest of Mumbai , India .
Cors Caron represents the most intact surviving example of a raised bog landscape in the United Kingdom .
Sardush ( Persian : سردوش‎ , also Romanized as Sardūsh ) is a village in Khav and Mirabad Rural District , Khav and Mirabad District , Marivan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Džajići ( Cyrillic : Џајићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Christchurch South Intermediate is a school catering for students in Years 7 and 8 in Christchurch , New Zealand .
San Martín de Hidalgo , formerly San Martín de la Cal , is the largest town and municipal seat of San Martín de Hidalgo Municipality , in Jalisco in central - western Mexico .
Kattenvenne is a village in Germany ( Northrhine - Westphalia ) about 10 km from Münster .
Ilsovan ( Persian : ايل سون‎ , also Romanized as Īlsovan ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Shāhsavan and Shāhsavan ) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District , Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Hrabovec ( Hungarian : Rabóc ) is a village and municipality in the Bardejov District , Prešov Region of north - east Slovakia .
Karbala Governorate ( Arabic : كربلاء‎ Karbalāʾ ) is a governorate in central Iraq .
Trinca was a weekly comic magazine published in Spain from 1970 to 1973 .
Negovanovtsi ( Bulgarian : Неговановци ) is a village located in Novo Selo Municipality , part of Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria .
São Jacinto Airport , officially designated Aveiro Municipal Aerodrome ( Portuguese : Aeródromo Municipal de Aveiro ) , is an aerodrome near the city of Aveiro in Portugal .
Zum Riesen ( English : The Giant ) is a hotel in Miltenberg , Germany and is one of the oldest hotels in the country , dating back to at least 1411 .
Bananera Airport ( ICAO : MGBN ) is an airport serving the city of Morales , Guatemala .
Song Vân is a commune ( xã ) and village in Tân Yên District ( huyện ) , Bắc Giang Province ( tỉnh `` ) , in northeastern Vietnam .
Odersun employed more than 320 people in production , research and management in Frankfurt and der Oder , Fürstenwalde and Berlin , Germany .
Glomfjord Church ( Norwegian : Glomfjord kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county , Norway .
Poniatowice ( pɔɲatɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German : Pontwitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Oleśnica , within Oleśnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
In October 2009 Ministry of Culture and Tourism of Indonesia submitted Trowulan as UNESCO World Heritage list .
Vashapi ( Persian : وش اپي‎ , also Romanized as Vashāpī ; also known as Vashāfī ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Samotišky is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Olomouc District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic .
Kür Qarabucaq ( also , Kyurkarabudzhak , Karabudzhag , Karabudzhakh , and Karabujakh ) is a village and municipality in the Neftchala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bumi Hills is the name of a group of hills and a luxury resort in Mashonaland West province Zimbabwe .
Aïn Oussera or Aïn Oussara ( Arabic : عين وسارة‎ ) is a city in Djelfa Province , Algeria , with an estimated ( 2005 ) population of 134,174 .
Garzin Kheyl ( Persian : گرزين خيل‎ , also Romanized as Garzīn Kheyl ; also known as Garzīneh Kheyl ) is a village in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kopachi ( Ukrainian : Копачі , Russian : Копачи ) was a village near Chernobyl , Ukraine , just south - west of the Pripyat River Basin .
Borongan , pronounced bo - róng - gan , officially the City of Borongan ( Waray : Siyudad han Borongan ; Filipino : Lungsod ng Borongan ) , is a component city and the provincial capital of the province of Eastern Samar , Philippines .
Braisnes - sur - Aronde , formerly Braisnes , is a commune in the Oise department in northern France .
Uepi is an island in the Solomon Islands ; it is located in the Western Province , noted for its high quality blue - water drop - off scuba diving .
The Swan Express was a weekly English language newspaper published in Midland , Western Australia .
Trenčianske Jastrabie ( Hungarian : Ölved ) is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of north - western Slovakia .
Finnvær Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Finnvær fyr ) is a lighthouse at Finnværet on the island of Valøya , part of the Froan islands in the municipality of Frøya in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Colentina A.C. București was a football club based in Bucharest , in southern Romania .
The Jasper Skytram is the highest and longest aerial tramway located in Canada .
Awallani ( Aymara awalla the first one of two newborn girl , -ni a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with the first one of two newborn girl '' , hispanicized spelling Aguallane ) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru , about 4,800 metres ( 15,748 ft ) high .
Yonsky ( Russian : Ёнский ) is the rural locality ( a Posyolok ) in Kovdor municipality of Murmansk Oblast , Russia .
The Bahá'í World Centre buildings are buildings that are part of the Bahá'í World Centre in Israel .
BE IT RESOLVED that the City Council of the City of Kinney , in Kinney , Minnesota , has decided to secede from the United States of America , and become a foreign country .
Roudné ( German Ruden ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in České Budějovice District in the South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Valldalen ( or sometimes just Valldal ) is a valley in Norddal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Yedeyur ( variant spellings include : Yediyur ; Yadiyur ; Yadiyūr ) is a town in Tumkur district of Karnataka state , India .
Vranjina Monastery or Vranina Monastery ( Serbian Cyrillic : Манастир Врањина ) or St. Nicholas ' Monastery is a Serbian Orthodox monastery on south - east part of Vranjina island on Skadar Lake in Montenegro .
Mirror Lakes are a set of lakes on the road from Te Anau to Milford Sound in New Zealand .
Podkońce ( pɔtˈkɔɲt͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzeczniów , within Lipsko County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Thiruvilandur is a town situated to the north of the town of Mayiladuthurai in Tamil Nadu , India .
It is a city in the central India region , on the south bank of the Narmada River , and is the administrative center of Hoshangabad District .
Abbas Qeshlaqi ( Persian : عباس قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as ʿAbbās Qeshlāqī ; also known as Moḩammadābād , Nūrī Kandī , and Nūr Kandī ) is a village in Arshaq - e Gharbi Rural District , Moradlu District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Kruszyny - Rumunki ( kruˈʂɨnɨ ruˈmunki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobrowo , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Séféto is a small town and principal settlement of the commune of Séféto Ouest in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south - western Mali .
The Carlton Centre is a skyscraper and shopping centre located in downtown Johannesburg , South Africa .
Pullijärv ( also known as Lake Pullipõdra ) is a lake on the northwestern side of Misso settlement , in southeastern Estonia .
Abiy Addi ( also spelled Abi Addi ; Tigrigna ዓብዪ ዓዲ `` Big town '' ) is a town and separate woreda in north central Ethiopia , and was capital of the former province of Tembien before that province was incorporated into Tigray .
Shushtar County ( Persian : شهرستان شوشتر‎ ) is a county in Khuzestan Province in Iran .
As of 2011 census India , Tanuku had a population of 72,970 .
Var Yekshabeh ( Persian : واريكشبه‎ , also Romanized as Vār Yekshabeh ) is a village in Doshman Ziari Rural District , in the Central District of Kohgiluyeh County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
La Marquesa National Park , with the official name Parque Nacional Insurgente Miguel Hidalgo y Costilla , is a National park in the State of Mexico , in central Mexico .
The Orange Route ( Dutch : Oranje - Route , German : Oranier - Route ) is a holiday route , that runs from Amsterdam in the Netherlands through North and Central Germany and returns to Amsterdam .
Donebach is a neighborhood of the village of Mudau , Odenwald , Germany and has 369 inhabitants .
Mowtowr - e Mohtaj ( Persian : موتورمحتاج‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Moḩtāj ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Sombor Airport ( ICAO : LYSO ) ( Serbian Latin : Aerodrom Sombor , Cyrillic : Аеродром Сомбор ) is an airport in Serbia , located 7 km from the city of Sombor and 9 km from the town of Apatin between villages Kupusina and Prigrevica .
Koktash ( Kyrgyz : Көк-Таш - Kök - Tash ) is an urban - type settlement in Jalal - Abad Region of Kyrgyzstan .
Kobylin - Kruszewo ( kɔˈbɨlin kruˈʂɛvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Ammameh - e Bala ( Persian : امامه بالا‎ , also Romanized as Ammāmeh - e Bālā ; also known as Ammāmeh - ye Deh - e Bālā ) is a village in Rudbar - e Qasran Rural District , Rudbar - e Qasran District , Shemiranat County , Tehran Province , Iran .
The Jos Plateau is a plateau located near the centre of Nigeria .
Ariyankuppam ( West ) ( Tamil : அரியாங்குப்பம் ( மேற்கு ) ) is a panchayat village in Ariyankuppam Commune in the Union Territory of Puducherry , India .
Colegio Nacional de Monserrat is a public college preparatory high school in Córdoba , Argentina .
Te Waewae Bay is the westernmost of three large bays lying on the Foveaux Strait coast of Southland , New Zealand , the others being Oreti Beach and Toetoes Bay .
The Lal - lo and Gattaran Shell Middens are located along the banks of the Cagayan River in the province of Cagayan , Philippines .
Ábelová ( earlier also Abelová , Jabelová ; Hungarian : Ábelfalva , before 1907 Abellehota , before 1873 Abelova ) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Meka Station , commonly referred to as Meka , is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in Western Australia .
The Otamiri River is one of the main rivers in Imo State , Nigeria .
Patate is a town in Ecuador in the Tungurahua Province in northwestern South America between San Juan de Ambato and Baños .
Zayed Sports City Stadium ( Arabic : ستاد مدينة زايد الرياضية‎ ) , is an iconic multi - purpose stadium located in Zayed Sports City , Abu Dhabi , United Arab Emirates .
Stanomino ( stanɔˈminɔ ) ( formerly German Standemin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Białogard , within Białogard County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Klein Aub is a village in the Rehoboth Rural constituency in the Hardap Region of central Namibia .
Risin og Kellingin ( Risin and Kellingin ) are two sea stacks just off the northern coast of the island of Eysturoy in the Faroe Islands close to the town of Eiði .
Nyazura ( formerly Inyazura ) is a village in the province of Manicaland , Zimbabwe located 72 km north west of Mutare on the main road and railway linking Harare and Mutare .
Hulftegg Pass ( el . 954 m. ) is a mountain pass between the cantons of Zürich and St. Gallen in Switzerland .
Wnory - Wandy ( ˈvnɔrɨ ˈvandɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kobylin - Borzymy , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bulgar Mosque ( Russian : Мечеть Булгар , Tatar : Болгар мәчет ) , is a mosque in Kazan , Tatarstan , Russia .
The University of Hertfordshire is a public research university in Hertfordshire , United Kingdom .
Posušje ( Croatian pronunciation : ( pɔ̌suːʃjɛ ) ) is a town and municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Aksheeswaraswamy Temple is a Hindu temple dedicated to Lord Shiva located near the holy village of Acharapakkam , Tamil Nadu , India .
Rödermark is a town in the Offenbach district in the Regierungsbezirk of Darmstadt in Hesse , Germany , southeast of Frankfurt am Main and northeast of Darmstadt .
Pithom ( Hebrew : פתם‎ ) also called Per - Atum or Heroöpolis or Heroonopolis ( Greek : Ἡρώων πόλις or Ἡρώ ) was an ancient city of Egypt .
Aarwangen District was a district in the northeast corner of the canton of Bern in Switzerland , with its seat at Aarwangen .
The Canadian Federation of Engineering Students ( CFES ) ( Fédération canadienne étudiante de génie in French ) is the national association of undergraduate engineering student societies in Canada and exists to organize activities , provide services and interact with professional and other bodies at the national and international level for the benefit of Canadian engineering students .
Gombasek Cave or Gombasecká jaskyňa ( in Slovak ) and Gombaszögi - barlang ( in Hungarian ) is a stalactite and stalagmite cave in the Slovak Karst , Slovakia .
Mohács ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmohaːt͡ʃ ) ; Croatian and Bunjevac : Mohač ; German : Mohatsch ; Serbian : Мохач ; Turkish : Mohaç ) is a town in Baranya county , Hungary on the right bank of the Danube .
Cheia is a mountain resort , 60 kilometers north of Ploieşti , Prahova county , Romania .
Collectors ' Lot was a TV programme produced from 1997 to 2001 by Twofour Broadcast for the United Kingdom 's Channel 4 .
The Central Police Division ( or ' A ' Division , Chinese : 中央警区 ) is the oldest police division of the Singapore Police Force .
Thomastown ( Irish : Baile Mhic Andáin ) , historically known as Grennan , is a town in County Kilkenny in the province of Leinster in the south - east of Ireland .
Dzhinli ( Armenian : Ջինլի , also Cinli and Jinli ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Mackovice ( German : Moskowitz ) is a village and municipality ( obec ) in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic .
The Lake Way mine is a large mine located in the western part of Australia in Western Australia .
Chamcook Lake is a lake of Saint Andrews Parish , New Brunswick , Canada .
Tianzhong Station ( Chinese : 田中車站 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Tiánzhōng Chēzhàn ; Tongyong Pinyin : Tiánjhong Chejhàn ) is a railway station on the Taiwan Railway Administration ( TRA ) Western Line located in Tianzhong Township , Changhua County , Taiwan .
Bongeunsa is a Buddhist temple located in Samseong - dong , Gangnam - gu in Seoul , South Korea .
The Rumpi Hills Wildlife Reserve is a reserve in the Rumpi Hills in western Cameroon .
Figuig ( Amazigh : Ifyyey ) is a town in eastern Morocco near the Atlas Mountains , on the border with Algeria .
The Sofia Echo is Bulgaria 's national English - language weekly newspaper published out of Sofia , the capital of Bulgaria .
Quetzalcóatl International Airport ( Nahuatl pronunciation : ( ketsalˈkoːaːtɬ ) ) ( IATA : NLD , ICAO : MMNL ) is an international airport located in Nuevo Laredo , Tamaulipas , Mexico .
Mazraeh Mashhadi ( Persian : مزرعه مشهدي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh Mashhadī ) is a village in Zefreh Rural District , Kuhpayeh District , Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 51 , in 17 families .
The Dr. Ziauddin Group of Hospitals is one of the largest groups in Pakistan , which is functioning under Dr. Ziauddin Trust .
Nasiedle ( naˈɕɛdlɛ ) ( German Nassiedel ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kietrz , within Głubczyce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , close to the Czech border .
Werchrata ( vɛrˈxrata ) ( Ukrainian : Верхрата , Verchrata ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Horyniec - Zdrój , within Lubaczów County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
Gwembe is a small town in Southern Province of Zambia with a population of about 2000 people .
CKJR is the only station in Canada broadcasting at 1440 AM .
Tursunzoda District ( Tajik : Турсунзода , Persian : تورسون‌زاده‎ ) is the westernmost district of the Districts of Republican Subordination ( RRP ) , bordering on Uzbekistan in the west and enclosed by Tajikistan 's Shahrinaw District from the other directions .
The Upper Sava Valley ( Slovene : Zgornjesavska dolina ) is an alpine valley in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Palace of the Parliament ( Romanian : Palatul Parlamentului ) is the seat of the Parliament of Romania .
Chróścin ( ˈxruɕt͡ɕin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Hoppstädten - Weiersbach Airfield is a general aviation airport in Hoppstädten - Weiersbach , Germany .
Kalsholmen Lighthouse ( Norwegian : Kalsholmen fyr ) is a coastal lighthouse in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county , Norway .
Koritnice ( pronounced ( kɔˈɾiːtnitsɛ ) ; Italian : Coritenza ) is a village east of Knežak in the Municipality of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Cape Maisí or Cape Maysí is a cape at the eastern extremity of Cuba , projecting into the Windward Passage .
Magwa Falls is a waterfall in the Eastern Cape of South Africa .
The A1175 road is a public highway in south - west Lincolnshire , England within the United Kingdom .
Karigan ( Persian : كريگان‎ , also Romanized as Karīgān ; also known as Gavīgān ( Persian : گويگان ) and Gūy Kan ) is a village in Gevar Rural District , Sarduiyeh District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Cudworth Airport , ( TC LID : CKS3 ) , was located 1.5 nautical miles ( 2.8 km ; 1.7 mi ) west southwest of Cudworth , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Onyang - dong , actually a series of six dong , is the central and most populous part of the city of Asan in Chungcheongnam - do , South Korea .
The 2009 World Men 's Handball Championship ( 21st tournament ) took place in Croatia from 16 January--1 February , in the cities of Split , Zadar , Osijek , Varaždin , Poreč , Zagreb and Pula .
Borger - Odoorn ( pronunciation ) is a municipality in the northeastern Netherlands in the province of Drenthe .
Kurekli ( Persian : كوركلي‎ , also Romanized as Kūreklī ) is a village in Soltanali Rural District , in the Central District of Gonbad - e Qabus County , Golestan Province , Iran .
Krefeld ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkʁeːfɛlt ) ) , also known as Crefeld until 1929 , is a city in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Dekkersduin ( or Oostblok ) is a former dune in The Hague , Netherlands .
The Royal League was an annual Scandinavian football tournament held three times between teams from the three Scandinavian monarchies ( Denmark , Sweden , and Norway ) , starting after the end of the regular domestic seasons of Norway and Sweden .
Kovalam is a beach town by the Arabian Sea in Thiruvananthapuram city , Kerala , India , located around 16 km from the city center .
Volendam ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌvoːlənˈdɑm ) ) is a town in North Holland in the Netherlands , in the municipality of Edam - Volendam .
Vandzene parish ( Latvian : Vandzenes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Talsi District , Latvia .
Szafranów ( ʂaˈfranuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Mojanovići ( pronounced ( mɔjǎːnɔv̞it͡ɕi ) ) is a small town in Montenegro .
The Shire of Towong is a local government area in the Hume region of Victoria , Australia , located in the north - east part of the state .
The Bundeswehr Military History Museum ( German : Militärhistorisches Museum der Bundeswehr ( MHM ) ) is the military museum of the German Armed Forces , the Bundeswehr , and one of the major military history museums in Germany .
Blankenheim Castle ( German : Burg Blankenheim ) is a schloss above the village of Blankenheim in the Eifel mountains of Germany .
Brodarica is a village located south of Šibenik , Croatia , on the Adriatic Sea coast across the island of Krapanj , by the D8 state road .
Briežuciems parish ( Latvian : Briežuciema pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Balvi District , Latvia .
Isla de Pasion ( Passion Island ) is a tourist attraction in Cozumel , Mexico .
Bernkastel - Kues ( German pronunciation : ( ˌbɛɐ̯nkastəlˈkuːs ) ) is a well - known winegrowing centre on the Middle Moselle in the Bernkastel - Wittlich district in Rhineland - Palatinate , Germany .
Korjan ( Persian : كرجان‎ , also Romanized as Korjān ) is a village in Sard - e Sahra Rural District , in the Central District of Tabriz County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Chae Son National Park ( Thai : อุทยานแห่งชาติแจ้ซ้อน ) is a national park in Lampang Province , Thailand .
Manisa ( Turkish pronunciation : ( maˈnisa ) ) is a large city in Turkey 's Aegean Region and the administrative seat of Manisa Province .
The Friedrich - Engelhorn - Hochhaus was a 28-storey , 101.63 m ( 333.4 ft ) skyscraper in Ludwigshafen am Rhein , Germany .
The Penang Adventist Hospital ( Malay : Hospital Adventist , Chinese : 槟安医院 ) is a Christian nonprofit medical institution in Penang , Malaysia .
Kayangel ( Ngcheangel ) is the northernmost state of Palau 24 km ( 15 mi ) north of Koror .
Romsdalsalpane is mountain range surrounding the Romsdalen valley in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Most of Petawawa 's residents work as civilian employees , or as members of the Canadian Forces at CFB Petawawa which is home to 2 Canadian Mechanized Brigade Group , and 4 Canadian Division Support Group Another major employer is Atomic Energy of Canada Limited located nearby in Chalk River .
Báguanos ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈbaɣwanos ) ) is a municipality and town in the Holguín Province of Cuba .
The Church of Saint John the Baptist , commonly known as the Rotunda of Xewkija or Xewkija Rotunda is a Roman Catholic church in Xewkija , Gozo , Malta .
Baba Ranadhir is a temple in the town of Bhuna in the Fatehabad district of the state of Haryana , India .
Turnišče ( pronounced ( ˈtuːɾniʃtʃɛ ) ; Hungarian : Bántornya , Prekmurje Slovene : Törnišče , German : Turnitz ) is a town in Slovenia .
Pol - e Ushan ( Persian : پل اوشن‎ , also Romanized as Pol - e Ūshan and Polowshan ; also known as Pol - e Āshan ) is a village in Kuhestan Rural District , Kelardasht District , Chalus County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
The Letlhakane diamond mine is a diamond mine located in Botswana about 190 kilometers ( 120 mi ) west of the city of Francistown .
Borella is the largest suburb in Colombo , Sri Lanka represented by divisional code 8 .
Raginan ( Persian : رگينان‎ , also Romanized as Ragīnān ) is a village in Abtar Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
SM City Olongapo ( formerly Olongapo City Mall ) is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings , the largest mall owner and operator in the Philippines .
The Norwegian Union of Clothing Workers ( Norwegian : Bekledningsarbeiderforbundet ) was a trade union in Norway , organized under the national Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions .
Trinitat Vella is one of the seven neighborhoods in the Sant Andreu district of Barcelona , Catalonia ( Spain ) .
The Treaty of the Eighteen Articles was a proposal for a treaty between Belgium and the Netherlands to establish borders between the two countries .
The Van Gogh Museum ( Dutch pronunciation : ( vɑŋ ˌɣɔx myˈzeːjʏm ) ) is an art museum in Amsterdam in the Netherlands dedicated to the works of Vincent van Gogh and his contemporaries .
Wadowice Dolne ( vadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wadowice Górne , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Hulsig is a settlement and area of moorland and grey sand dunes in the Råbjerg Mile of the Skagens Odde peninsula , in northern Jutland , northern Denmark .
Glabušovce ( Hungarian : Galábocs ) is a village and municipality in southern Slovakia .
Dorian 's was a department store chain based in Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico .
Rosenborg Castle ( Danish : Rosenborg Slot ) is a renaissance castle located in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Tłumaczów ( twuˈmat͡ʂuf ) ( German : Tuntschendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radków , within Kłodzko County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland , near the border with the Czech Republic .
The Lidder Valley or Liddar Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir , India , is a Himalayan sub - valley that forms the northeastern corner of the Kashmir Valley .
Sveti Duh na Ostrem Vrhu ( pronounced ( ˈsʋeːti ˈduːx na ˈoːstɾɛm ˈʋəɾxu ) ) is a dispersed settlement in the hills north of Selnica ob Dravi in northeastern Slovenia , right on the border with Austria .
Suratgarh Air Force Station ( ICAO : VI43 ) of the Indian Air Force ( IAF ) is located in Suratgarh in Rajasthan , India .
Swartbroek is a small town in the Netherlands , in the municipality of Weert .
Weeroona Island is a 77 ha island located in Germein Bay , Spencer Gulf between the city of Port Pirie and town of Port Germein , South Australia .
Chilas ( Urdu : چلاس‎ ) is a small town located in the Gilgit - Baltistan , Pakistan on the left side of river Indus .
Kamouraska - Témiscouata is a former provincial electoral district in Quebec , Canada that elected members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
Douzat is a commune in the Charente departement in southwestern France .
Ustronie Morskie ( usˈtrɔɲɛ ˈmɔrskʲɛ ) ( German : Henkenhagen ) is a village in Kołobrzeg County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Ayrum ( Armenian : Այրում ) is a town in the Tavush Province of Armenia .
Giv'on HaHadashah ( Hebrew : גִּבְעוֹן הַחֲדָשָׁה , lit . New Gibeon ) is an Israel settlement northwest of Jerusalem in the West Bank .
Aulitiving Island is an uninhabited island located in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada .
Proszowice County ( Polish : powiat proszowicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Lesser Poland Voivodeship , southern Poland .
Apollo Arena Bratislava , also known as the Danube Arena , was a proposed a multi - use indoor arena in Bratislava , Slovakia .
Femunden is Norway 's third largest lake and the second largest natural lake in Norway .
Manenberg is a township of Cape Town , South Africa , that was created by the apartheid government for low - income Coloured families in the Cape Flats in 1966 as a result of the force removal campaign by the National Party .
Idanha - a - Velha is a village and a former civil parish in the municipality of Idanha - a - Nova , Portugal .
The São Francisco River or Rio São Francisco ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( sɐ̃w fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku ) ) is a river in Brazil .
Kultur i m Gugg is a venue for contemporary art and culture in Braunau am Inn in Austria .
Burns Lake is a rural village in the North - Central Interior of British Columbia , Canada , incorporated in 1923 .
Lake Country is a district municipality with a population of approximately 12,000 in the Okanagan Valley region of British Columbia , Canada .
Lake Balanan is a lake situated in Siaton , Negros Oriental in the Philippines .
Batnfjordelva is a river in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Dinhata is headquarters of Dinhata subdivision , and a municipality in Cooch Behar District in the state of West Bengal , India .
Nikolayevsk - on - Amur ( Russian : Никола́евск-на-Аму́ре , Nikolayevsk - na - Amure , Chinese : 庙街 ) is a town in Khabarovsk Krai , Russia located on the Amur River close to its liman in the Pacific Ocean .
The Mahim Fort ( Marathi : माहीम किल्ला ) is a fort in Mahim in Mumbai , Maharashtra state , India .
The Campolongo Pass ( Italian : Passo Campolongo , Ladin : Ju de Ćiaulunch ) ( 1875 m ) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in Trentino in Italy .
Matesi ( Greek : Μάτεσι ) is a small mountain village in the municipal unit of Andritsaina , Elis , Greece .
Baggot Street ( Irish : Sráid Bhagóid ) is a street in Dublin , Ireland .
Mousere ( Greek : Μούσερε ) is a Greek Cypriot village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 5 km northeast of Archimandrita .
Svätý Peter ( Hungarian : Komáromszentpéter ) is a village and municipality in the Komárno District in the Nitra Region of southwest Slovakia .
Gornja Stara Vas ( pronounced ( ˈɡoːɾnja ˈstaːɾa ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Gornja Stara vas , in older sources also Gorenja Stara Vas , German : Oberaltendorf ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škocjan in southeastern Slovenia ( the traditional region of Lower Carniola ) .
Diehl Metall is a corporate division of the Diehl Stiftung & Co. KG , a worldwide operating industrial group , and has its head office in Roethenbach a d Pegnitz near Nuremberg / Germany .
The Genoa Metro ( Italian : Metropolitana di Genova ) is a light metro consisting of a single line that connects the centre of Genoa , Italy with the suburb of Rivarolo Ligure , to the north - west of the city centre .
The Castlereigh Dam ( also spelled Castlereagh ) is a gravity dam built across the Kehelgamu Oya , a major tributary to the Kelani River , approximately 3 km ( 1.9 mi ) south - west of Hatton , in the Central Province of Sri Lanka .
Soroti Regional Referral Hospital , commonly known as Soroti Hospital is a hospital in the town of Soroti , in Soroti District , in Eastern Uganda .
The Dobrilovina Monastery ( Serbian : Добриловина ) is a Serbian Orthodox monastery in Donja Dobrilovina , Mojkovac , northern Montenegro .
Jamisontown , New South Wales is a suburb of Sydney , in the state of New South Wales , Australia .
Stara Loka ( pronounced ( ˈstaːɾa ˈloːka ) ; German : Altlack ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Alagalla Mountain Range or `` Potato Range '' is situated at the boundaries of the Central and Sabaragamuwa Provinces in Sri Lanka .
The Episcopal Diocese of Pennsylvania is a diocese of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America encompassing the counties of Philadelphia , Montgomery , Bucks , Chester and Delaware in the state of Pennsylvania .
Lucky Plaza is a shopping centre located at Orchard in Singapore .
The View River Neighborhood Association is a community located at Barangay Batasan Hills , Quezon City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Kulhudhuffushi ( Dhivehi : ކުޅުދުއްފުށި ) is the capital of Haa Dhaalu Atoll administrative division and geographically part of Thiladhummathi Atoll in the north of the Maldives .
Tamborine Mountain State High School ( TMSHS ) is a co - educational , state secondary school located on Tamborine Mountain , Queensland , Australia .
Kernu Parish ( Estonian : Kernu vald ) is a rural municipality in north - western Estonia .
The Köroğlu Mountains ( Turkish : Köroğlu Dağları ) are a mountain range situated in the northern Turkey , north of Ankara .
Cachimbo Airport ( ICAO : SBCC ) is the military airport serving Campo de Provas Brigadeiro Velloso , a large Testing and Training complex of the Brazilian Armed Forces located in Serra do Cachimbo ( English : Smoking pipe Mountains ) , in the southern part of the state of Pará , Brazil .
Potrekhnovo ( Russian : Потрехново ) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Ladkhukan ( Persian : لدخوكان‎ , also Romanized as Ladkhūkān ; also known as Ladhūkān ) is a village in Birk Rural District , in the Central District of Mehrestan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bosluiskloof Pass ( English : Tick gap ) is located in the Western Cape province of South Africa on the road between Laingsburg and the Gamkapoort Dam , not far from the town of Ladismith
The Eastleigh by - election , 1994 was a parliamentary by - election held on 9 June 1994 for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Eastleigh in Hampshire .
Samar State University ( SSU ) is a university in the province of Samar , Philippines .
Nanchang Hangkong University ( simplified Chinese : 南昌航空大学 ; traditional Chinese : 南昌航空大學 ; pinyin : Nánchāng Hángkōng Dàxué ) , also Nanchang Aviation University , is located in Nanchang City , Jiangxi Province , People 's Republic of China .
The Serranía de Ronda is a comarca in the western part of province of Málaga , Andalusia , Spain .
Smyków - Boroniewskie ( ˈsmɨkuf bɔrɔˈɲɛfskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Fałków , within Końskie County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
The Republic of Martyazo ( French : République de Martyazo ) was a secessionist state proclaimed by Hutu rebels in Burundi on 1 May 1972 .
Nazarkahrizi ( Persian : نظركهريزئ‎ ; also Romanized as Nazarkahrīzī and Nazar Kahrīzī ; also known as Nazar Kahrīz ) is a city in and the capital of Nazarkahrizi District , in Hashtrud County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Hopak is often popularly referred to as the `` National Dance of Ukraine '' .
Rajšele ( pronounced ( ˈɾaːi̯ʃɛlɛ ) ) is a small settlement in the hills above Banja Loka in the Municipality of Kostel in southern Slovenia .
Ältasjön ( Swedish : `` Lake of Älta '' ) is a lake in southern Stockholm , Sweden , located north - east of Lake Flaten and named for the vicinity to the urban district Älta .
Mazary Zalam ( Persian : مزارع زلم‎ , also Romanized as Mazāry Zalam ) is a village in Garmab Rural District , Chahardangeh District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Orlyak , Dobrich Province is a village in Tervel Municipality , Dobrich Province , in northeastern Bulgaria .
Tompaso is a highland subdistrict located about 45 km southwest of Manado in Minahasa Regency , North Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Pospólno ( pɔsˈpulnɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzałkowo , within Słupca County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Pustkowie Gęzyńskie ( pustˈkɔvjɛ ɡɛ̃ˈzɨɲskʲɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poraj , within Myszków County , Silesian Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Regimin ( rɛˈɡimin ) is a village in Ciechanów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Boologooroo Station , commonly referred to as Boologooroo is a pastoral lease that operates as a sheep station in the Western Australia .
Miłakowo ( mʲiwaˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Liebstadt ) is a town in Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,691 inhabitants ( 2008 ) .
Yuzhnoye Butovo District ( Russian : Ю́жное Бу́тово ) is the biggest residential district in South - Western Administrative Okrug of Moscow , Russia .
Deolapar is a small town in the Nagpur district in Nagpur division of Vidarbha region of Maharashtra state in India .
Krustpils parish ( Latvian : Krustpils pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Jēkabpils District , Latvia .
Malinówka Wielka ( maliˈnufka ˈvjɛlka ) ( German : Groß Malinowken ( 1938 - 45:Großschmieden ) ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk , within Ełk County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tamana al - Ghab ( Arabic : تمانعة الغاب‎ , also spelled Tamaanat al - Ghab ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the Hama Governorate , located northwest of Hama .
FC Jyväskylä Blackbird ( abbreviated FCJ Blackbird or FC Blackbird or FCJ ) is a football club from Jyväskylä in Finland .
Mayor Pablo Lagerenza is a town in the Alto Paraguay department of Paraguay .
Mazraeh - ye Ghafariyeh ( Persian : مزرعه غفاريه‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Ghafārīyeh ) is a village in Behnamarab - e Jonubi Rural District , Javadabad District , Varamin County , Tehran Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Rovia ( Greek : Ρόβια ) is a little mountain village in the municipal unit of Andritsaina , Elis , Greece .
Nesflaten Chapel ( Norwegian : Nesflaten kapell ) is a chapel in Suldal in Rogaland county , Norway .
Slavljevići ( Serbian Cyrillic : Слављевићи ) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Mulgrave River , incorporating the East Mulgrave River and the West Mulgrave River , is a river system located in Far North Queensland , Australia .
Mowtowr - e Hasan Jafarzehi ( Persian : موتورحسن جعفرزهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Ḩasan Jaʿfarzehī ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Blue Note Tokyo is a high - end jazz venue , the most expensive in Aoyama , Tokyo , Japan .
Uppsala Student Union ( Uppsala studentkår ) is one of four students ' unions at Uppsala University in Uppsala , Sweden .
Chulabhorn Dam ( เขื่อนจุฬาภรณ์ ) is a dam in Tambon Thung Lui Lai , Amphoe Khon San , Chaiyaphum Province , Thailand .
Neuzina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Неузина ) is a village in Serbia .
The Film and Television Institute of India ( FTII ) is an autonomous institute under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Government of India and aided by the Central Government of India .
Kaff al - Hammam ( Arabic : كاف الحمام‎ , also spelled Kaf al - Hamam ) is a village and suburb in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Tartus Governorate , located southeast of Tartus .
Dundas Harbour ( Inuktitut Talluruti `` a woman 's chin with tattoos on it '' ) ( 74 ° 31′N 82 ° 23′W ) is an abandoned settlement in Qikiqtaaluk , Nunavut , Canada .
Pokrovske ( Ukrainian : Покро́вське ) is an urban - type settlement in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast ( province ) of east - central Ukraine .
The 2008 Belgian Grand Prix ( formally the LXIV ING Belgian Grand Prix ) was a Formula One motor race held on 7 September 2008 , at the Circuit de Spa - Francorchamps near the town of Spa , Belgium .
The Arboretum d'Arpajon - sur - Cère ( 7 hectares ) is an arboretum located on the Route de Labrousse , Arpajon - sur - Cère , Cantal , Auvergne , France .
Saeul ( Luxembourgish : Sëll ) is a commune and small town in western Luxembourg , in the canton of Redange .
Warszkowo - Kolonia ( varʂˈkɔvɔ kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sławno , within Sławno County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Kasoa ( Gomoa Nyanyano ) , formerly known as Odupongkpehe , is a peri - urban town in the Awutu Senya East Municipal District of the Central region of Ghana .
Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation ( MSTUCA ) is a leading institution of higher education in Russia which trains Civil Aviation specialists , a center of science and culture where training of specialists and fundamental scientific research in the field of science , technology , humanities and economics are considered .
Yongphulla Airport ( IATA : YON , ICAO : VQTY ) ( also known as Yonphula Airport ) is a domestic airport in Bhutan , one of only four airports in the country .
Kaljibrin ( Arabic : كلجبرين‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of the A'zaz District of Aleppo Governorate , located northeast of Aleppo .
Cowies Creek is a creek in the northern suburbs of Geelong , Victoria , Australia .
Schefferville / Squaw Lake Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CSZ9 ) , is located on Lac de la Squaw , ( Squaw Lake ) near Schefferville , Quebec , Canada .
Onokhoy ( Russian : Онохо́й ; Buryat : Онохой ) is an urban locality ( an urban - type settlement ) in Zaigrayevsky District of the Republic of Buryatia , Russia .
Manitoba Hydro is the electric power and natural gas utility in the province of Manitoba , Canada .
Kråmyra Stadion was a football stadium in the city of Ålesund , in Norway that served as the home grounds for Aalesunds FK from 1977 until Color Line Stadium opened in April , 2005 .
The Nundkol Lake or Nund Kol also known as Kalodaka Lake is an oligotrophic alpine lake situated in the Kashmir Valley , in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Quảng Tùng a town and commune ( xã ) in the district of Quảng trạch , Quang Binh Province , North Central Coast Region of Vietnam .
Gyldenholm Manor is a manor house located 10 km south - east of Slagelse , Denmark .
The University of Commercial Sciences ( Spanish : Universidad de Ciencias Comerciales ) ( UCC ) , is a private university located in Managua , Nicaragua which was founded in 1964 .
Catch the Fire Toronto , previously known ( until 2010 ) as Toronto Airport Christian Fellowship ( TACF ) is a non - denominational neocharismatic Christian church in Toronto , Canada .
The A. Kasteyev State Museum of Arts is the largest art museum in Kazakhstan , located in Almaty .
Råshult is a village just north of Älmhult in Kronoberg County , Småland , Sweden .
Bittou is a town and seat of the Bittou Department of Boulgou Province in south - eastern Burkina Faso .
Kostroma ( Russian : Кострома ; IPA : ( kəstrɐˈma ) ) is a historic city and the administrative center of Kostroma Oblast , Russia .
Kensington and Chelsea College ( West London Campus ) is a provider of education and training in west London , United Kingdom .
Fiukówka ( fjuˈkufka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzywda , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Rosà is a town of 14.328 inhabitants in the province of Vicenza , Veneto , Italy .
Charthana is a major village in Jintur taluka of Parbhani district in Maharashtra state of India .
The Peron Islands are two low - lying islands off the west coast of the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Russel Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains , located between Finlay River and Pelly Creek in northern British Columbia , Canada .
Birds of Wales are headquartered out of Toronto , Canada , and inevitably spend most of their time on the road .
Nukus Museum of Art or , in full , The State Art Museum of the Republic of Karakalpakstan , named after I.V. Savitsky is an art museum based in Nukus , Uzbekistan .
Chřibská ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈxr̝̊ɪpskaː ) ; German : Kreibitz ) is a town in the Okres Děčín in Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic .
Virmuni ( Persian : ويرموني‎ , also Romanized as Vīrmūnī ; also known as Wermani ) is a village in Virmuni Rural District , in the Central District of Astara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Club Atlético Rosario Central ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈsaɾjo senˈtɾal ) ) is a sports club based in Rosario , Argentina , that plays in the Argentine Primera División .
Zbarazh ( Ukrainian : Збараж , Polish : Zbaraż , Yiddish : זבאריזש Zbarj ) is a city in the Ternopil Oblast ( province ) of western Ukraine .
Takht - e Goru ( Persian : تخت گرو‎‎ , also Romanized as Takht - e Gorū ; also known as Takhteh Gorūh ) is a village in Kukherd Rural District , Kukherd District , Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Tateh Rashid ( Persian : تاته رشيد‎ , also Romanized as Tāteh Rashīd and Tāteh - ye Rashīd ; also known as Tatarashi and Tātārshī ) is a village in Quri Chay Rural District , in the Central District of Dehgolan County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
The Aporé River ( Portuguese , Rio Aporé , also called Rio do Peixe ) is a river forming the border between Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul states in central Brazil .
The Karesuando Church ( Swedish : Karesuando kyrka ) is a wooden church building in Karesuando , Sweden .
Okanagan Mountain is a mountain in the Okanagan region of the Southern Interior of British Columbia , Canada , located on the east side of Okanagan Lake on the immediate south of the city of Kelowna and north of Penticton .
No . 1 Squadron RNZAF was a New Zealand reconnaissance and patrol bomber squadron operating in the Pacific Theatre during World War II . After the war the squadron served in the transport and VIP role .
Mortęgi ( mɔrˈtɛnɡi ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lubawa , within Iława County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
The Buchlov castle ( German : Burg Buchlau ) is a royal castle that , along with Bare Hill ( Czech : Holý kopec ) and Saint Barbara 's Chapel , belongs to the points of interest in the Chřiby mountains in southeastern Moravia , Czech Republic .
Nowe Helenowo ( ˈnɔvɛ xɛlɛˈnɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przasnysz , within Przasnysz County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wólka Komarowska ( ˈvulka kɔmaˈrɔfska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Komarówka Podlaska , within Radzyń Podlaski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Benchamaratrungsarit 2 School ( Ben 2 ) is in the provincial capital of Chacheongsao , Thailand .
Afir ( Persian : عفير‎ , also Romanized as ʿAfīr ; also known as Gowd - e Afīr ) is a village in Qasabeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , in the Central District of Sabzevar County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Guaporé River ( Portuguese : Rio Guaporé ) is a river in western Brazil and northeastern Bolivia .
Qazqapan ( Persian : قزقاپان‎ , also Romanized as Qazqāpān ) is a village in Piran Rural District , in the Central District of Piranshahr County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Ambagan is a village under Khulshi Thana in Chittagong , Bangladesh .
Konstvägen sju älvar is a tourist and sculpture route in Västerbotten in North Sweden that travels 350 kilometers in from the coast .
Muratlı Dam ( Turkish : Muratlı Barajı ) is a dam on the Çoruh River in Muratlı village , 12 km ( 7.5 mi ) north east of Borçka in Artvin Province , Turkey .
The Melville Hall River is a river in the Caribbean nation of Dominica .
Borgosesia railway station ( Italian : Stazione di Borgosesia ) is the train station serving the comune of Borgosesia , in the Piedmont region , northwestern Italy .
East Coast Park Service Road ( Chinese : 东海岸公园副路 ; Malay : Jalan Perkhidmatan Taman Pantai Timur ) is a road in Singapore that runs along the northern perimeter of the East Coast Park and parallel to the East Coast Parkway .
The Country Day School or CDS is an independent , non - profit university - preparatory school in King City , Ontario , Canada .
Mehreh Zar ( Persian : مهره زار‎‎ , also Romanized as Mehreh Zār ) is a village in Gerit Rural District , Papi District , Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
National Marine Conservation Areas ( NMCAs ) is a Parks Canada programme responsible for marine areas managed for sustainability and containing smaller zones of high protection .
The Sidi el Barrak Dam is an embankment dam located 18 km ( 11 mi ) northeast of Tabarak and 2 km ( 1 mi ) from the Mediterranean Sea on the Oued Zouara River in the Beja Governorate , Tunisia .
Lagrán ( Basque : Lagran ) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava , in the Basque Country , northern Spain .
The Füsinger Au / Loiter Au ( Danish : Fysing Å / Løjt Å ) is a river in the north of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Senyavin Islands belong to the Federated States of Micronesia .
Smyczyna ( smɨˈt͡ʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno , within Leszno County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Kimba Airport ( ICAO : YIMB ) is an airport located 3.5 nautical miles ( 6.5 km ; 4.0 mi ) northeast of Kimba , South Australia .
Aranđelovac ( Serbian Cyrillic : Аранђеловац , Serbo - Croatian pronunciation : ( ǎraːnd͡ʑɛlɔv̞at͡s ) ) is a town and a municipality in Serbia at 44.31 ° North , 20.57 ° East .
Shermuhoong Gewog ( Dzongkha : ཤེར་མུ་ཧཱུྃ་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Mongar District , Bhutan .
Palazzo Cocchi - Serristori is a Renaissance - style palace in Piazza Santa Croce , Florence , Italy .
The National Foreign Exchange Association is a non - commercial association of commercial banks , currency exchanges , brokerage firms , and others dedicated to the development and improvement of a high standard foreign exchange market and money market in Russia .
Band - e Kuh ( Persian : بندكوه‎ , also Romanized as Band - e Kūh ; also known as Bandi - ye Kūh ) is a village in Fareghan Rural District , Fareghan District , Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Arang is a town and a Nagar Palika in Raipur District in the state of Chhattisgarh , India .
Bañado de los Pantanos is a municipality and village in the Arauco Department of La Rioja Province in northwestern Argentina .
After World War II , Nabrežina together with Trieste became part of the Free Territory of Trieste , and as this entity was disbanded in 1954 , it eventually was once more annexed to Italy and is still suffering the aging and decrease of Slovene inhabitants .
The Dransfeld Municipal Forest ( German : Dransfelder Stadtwald ) is situated on a ridge in Germany 's Central Uplands that ascends to 480 m high .
N'guigmi is a city and Commune of fifteen thousand in the easternmost part of Niger , very near to Lake Chad - lying on its shore until the lake retreated .
Allner See is an artificial lake near Hennef in Rhein - Sieg - Kreis , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Santa Fé Airport ( IATA : SFE , ICAO : SAFE ) is a public use airport located 6 nm west - southwest of Santa Fé , Santa Fe , Argentina .
Temen - Suu ( Kyrgyz : Темен-Суу , ( temensúː ) ) is a village in the Moskva district of Chuy Province in Kyrgyzstan .
Ventersburg is a small town in the Lejweleputswa District Municipality of the Free State province in South Africa , 148 km north of Bloemfontein .
Pərizamanlı ( also , Pərzamanlı ) is a village and the least populous municipality in the Gadabay Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Zaldapa ( Zeldepa , Ancient Greek : Ζάλδαπα , Ζέλδεπα ) was a Late Roman fortified town in Scythia Minor / Moesia , located near Abrit , Bulgaria .
Fowler 's Warehouse , also known as the Fremantle Furniture Factory , was constructed in 1900 as the principal premises in Western Australia for D. & J. Fowler Ltd. Principally on Henry Street , the building extends through to Packenham Street , and comprises offices , warehouse , engine room packing and coffee roasting house , stables and sheds .
Chaukhan is a large village located in Jodhpur , Rajasthan , India .
Gaspar Hernández is a city and a beach in the Espaillat province of the Dominican Republic .
Narigan ( Persian : ناريگان‎ , also Romanized as Nārīgān and Narīgān ; also known as Nārgān and Nārkān ) is a village in Kushk Rural District , in the Central District of Bafq County , Yazd Province , Iran .
Kaczagórka ( kat͡ʂaˈɡurka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pogorzela , within Gostyń County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
The Wiener Singakademie is a choir in Vienna , Austria .
The Nomenclature of Territorial Units for Statistics ( NUTS ) is developed by Eurostat , and employed in Portugal for statistical purposes .
P.V. Narasimha Rao was an Indian lawyer , politician , and activist who served as the ninth Prime Minister of India ( 1991 - -1996 ) , registered his record - breaking victory in 1992 from Nandyal ( Lok Sabha constituency ) .
CKLO - FM is a radio station broadcasting a wide - ranging classic rock format on the frequency 98.1 FM in London , Ontario , Canada .
Sokołów Podlaski ( sɔˈkɔwuf pɔdˈlaski ) is a town in Poland , in Masovian Voivodeship , about 80 kilometers east of Warsaw .
The Baydamtal Botanical Reserve is located in Tong District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan in Chu River flood plain .
Løvstakken is one of the Seven Mountains that surround the center of the city of Bergen in Hordaland county , Norway .
Cukang Taneuh ( means Soil bridge in Sundanese ) also known as Green Canyon is a canyon located in Pangandaran , West Java , Indonesia .
Fort Santiago ( Spanish : Fuerte de Santiago Tagalog : Moog ng Santiago ) is a citadel first built by Spanish conquistador , Miguel López de Legazpi for the new established city of Manila in the Philippines .
Kirsanov ( Russian : Кирса́нов ) is a town in Tambov Oblast , Russia , located on the Vorona River at its confluence with the Pursovka River 95 kilometers ( 59 mi ) east of Tambov .
Gandhinagar Airport ( IATA : ISK , ICAO : VANR ) was a public airport serving the city of Nashik , in the state of Maharashtra , India .
Ter Aar ( Dutch pronunciation : ( tɛr ˈaːr ) ) is a town and former municipality in the western Netherlands , in the province of South Holland .
Saivapragasa Ladies ' College ( Tamil : சைவப் பிரகாச மகளிர் கல்லூரி Caivap Pirakāca Makaḷir Kallūri , also known as Saivapragasa Girls ' College ) is a provincial school in Vavuniya , Sri Lanka .
Vic ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈbik ) ) is the capital of the comarca of Osona , in the Barcelona Province , Catalonia , Spain .
Gazivoda Lake ( Albanian : Liqeni i Gazivodës , Serbian : Газивода ) is an artificial lake in Serbia and Kosovo .
The Henderson Islets are a group of two adjacent small rocky islands , with a combined area of 0.41 ha , in south - eastern Australia .
Located 319 kilometres ( 198 mi ) south of Delhi the capital city of India , Gwalior occupies a strategic location in the Gird region of India .
The Bayreuth Festspielhaus or Bayreuth Festival Theatre ( German : Bayreuther Festspielhaus , pronounced ( ˈbaɪ̯ʁɔʏ̯tɐ ˈfɛstʃpiːlˌhaʊ̯s ) ) is an opera house north of Bayreuth , Germany , dedicated solely to the performance of operas by the 19th - century German composer Richard Wagner .
The Royal Patriotic Fund Corporation ( also known as the Royal Pat ) was a charitable body set up by Royal Warrant in the United Kingdom during the Crimean War .
Dhadimagu , is an administrative division of Fuvahmulah , Maldives .
The Schwanenstein is a glacial erratic on the island of Rügen in Germany .
Il Babuino ( Romanesco : Il Babbuino ; Italian : Il Babuino , `` The Baboon '' ) is one of the talking statues of Rome , Italy .
The County of Vermilion River is a municipal district located in the eastern part of central Alberta , Canada in Census Division # 10 .
Chilliwack railway station is in Chilliwack , British Columbia , Canada .
Orłowicze ( ɔrwɔˈvit͡ʂɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Stensele is a locality situated in Storuman Municipality , Västerbotten County , Sweden with 546 inhabitants in 2010 .
Khniss ( Arabic : خنيس‎ ) is a small city in the Tunisian Sahel region , located on the central coastline of Tunisia , 30 km south of Soussa and about 180 km from the capital Tunis .
Kurakesh ( Persian : كوراكش‎ , also Romanized as Kūrākesh ; also known as Korakesh ) is a village in Arzil Rural District , Kharvana District , Varzaqan County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tiantai County ( Tai - chow dialect : T'in - t'e yön ; simplified Chinese : 天台县 ; traditional Chinese : 天台縣 ; pinyin : Tiāntāi Xiàn ) , located in the east of Zhejiang Province , People 's Republic of China is noted for its scenic Mount Tiantai , which is also an important Tiantai Buddhism site .
Vattaparai Falls are located at : 8 ° 15.919′N 77 ° 27.062′E , elevation 40 m ( 130 ft ) , in the Keeriparai reserve forest near Bhoothapandi village ( Pin:629852 ) ( Met Sta # 10145 ) on the Pazhayar River in Kanyakumari district , Tamil Nadu state , South India .
Broadway Methodist Tabernacle was a prominent Methodist church in Toronto , Canada , that existed from 1872 to 1924 .
Kaifun ( Arabic : كيفون ) ( also transliterated Kafun , Kaifoun ) is a medium - sized village in the Mount Lebanon Governorate , Aley District , in the Republic of Lebanon .
Phthiotis ( Greek : Φθιώτιδα , Fthiótida , ( fθiˈotiða ) ; ancient Greek and Katharevousa : Φθιῶτις ) is one of the regional units of Greece .
The Suru Alliance ( French : Alliance Suru , AS ) was a political alliance in Benin .
Røyken Church ( Norwegian : Røyken kirke ) is a church in the Røyken municipality , Buskerud , Norway .
The Dreketi River is located in the island of Vanua Levu in Fiji .
The Caves of Nerja ( Spanish : Cueva de Nerja ) are a series of caverns close to the town of Nerja in the Province of Málaga , Spain .
Qeshlaq - e Khiallu ( Persian : قشلاق خياللو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Khīāllū ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Khīārlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Timehri is a town in Guyana located 41 kilometers to the south of the nation 's capital Georgetown .
Dawa'a al - Jihad ( Arabic : `` Call to Struggle '' ) was a militant university established at an Afghan refugee camp near Peshawar , Pakistan , by Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in the 1980s .
The Bonar River is a short river of New Zealand .
Akulivik ( Inuktitut : ᐊᑯᓕᕕᒃ ) ( 2011 population 615 ) is an Inuit village in Nunavik , in northern Quebec , Canada .
Schwarzenfels Castle ( German : Burg Schwarzenfels ) is a ruined castle in the village of Schwarzenfels in Hesse , Germany .
San Marco in Lamis is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy .
Gorizia Castle is an Italian fortification , dating to the 11th century , built on the hill which dominates the city of Gorizia , Italy , from which it takes its name .
Newdicks Beach is located on the southeastern side of Okurei Point ( Town point ) in the Bay of Plenty in the North Island of New Zealand .
The Queensland Herbarium is situated at the Brisbane Botanic Gardens , Mount Coot - tha , in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
The Trà Bồng River ( Vietnamese : Sông Trà Bồng ) is a river of Vietnam .
Club Independiente Petrolero is a football club from Sucre , Bolivia that plays in the Chuquisaca Primera A , one of the third division regional leagues .
Dłutów ( ˈdwutuf ) is a village in Pabianice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Jedlnia - Kolonia ( ˈjɛdlɲa kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pionki , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Morghan ( Persian : مرغان‎ , also Romanized as Morghān ; also known as Morghūn ) is a village in Kaftarak Rural District , in the Central District of Shiraz County , Fars Province , Iran .
The Hasbaya District is a district in the Nabatiyeh Governorate of Lebanon .
Trnovo ob Soči ( pronounced ( təɾˈnɔːʋɔ ɔp ˈsoːtʃi ) or ( təɾˈnoːʋɔ ɔp ˈsoːtʃi ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Soča River in the Municipality of Kobarid in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
The Grose River , a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury - Nepean catchment , is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales , Australia .
The Mangoro River is the largest river on the east coast of Madagascar by basin size and water volume , and is 300 km in length .
Moreleta Park ( Afrikaans : Moreletapark ) is a suburb of Pretoria , South Africa , situated 12 kilometres ( 7 mi ) southeast of the city centre .
Wiri Railway Station is a defunct station on the Eastern and Southern Lines of the Auckland Railway Network in New Zealand .
First Narayever Congregation is a traditional - egalitarian synagogue located at 187 Brunswick Avenue , near The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto , Canada .
Savonlinna ( Swedish : Nyslott ) is a town and a municipality of 36,004 ( 30 November 2014 ) inhabitants in the southeast of Finland , in the heart of the Saimaa lake region .
Dar - e Zarch ( Persian : درزارچ‎ , also Romanized as Dar - e Zārch ) is a village in Ravar Rural District , in the Central District of Ravar County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Baş Daşağıl ( also , Bash - Dashagil '' and Bash - Dashagyl ) is a village and municipality in the Oghuz Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Brackenfell is a northern suburb of Cape Town situated within the Western Cape province of South Africa at the gateway to the winelands .
Most Ljubavi , ( English : Bridge of Love ) , is a pedestrian bridge in Vrnjačka Banja , Serbia .
Yokohama War Cemetery is a military cemetery in Hodogaya - ku , Yokohama , in Japan and located next to Yokohama Municipal Children 's Botanical Garden .
Le Blanc - Mesnil ( French pronunciation : ​(lə blɑ̃.me.nil ) ) is a commune in the northeastern suburbs of Paris , France .
The Order of the White Double Cross ( Slovak : Rád Bieleho dvojkríža ) is the highest state decoration of the Republic of Slovakia .
St. Joseph 's Matriculation Higher Secondary School is an all - girls Catholic school for grades 1st through 12th standard in Coimbatore , Tamil Nadu , India .
Cape Palliser Lighthouse is a Lighthouse at Cape Palliser in the Wellington region of the North Island of New Zealand .
The Anevo Fortress ( Bulgarian : Аневско кале , Anevsko kale ) or Kopsis ( Копсис ) is a medieval castle in central Bulgaria , the ruins of which are located some 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) from the village of Anevo in Sopot Municipality , Plovdiv Province .
The other first - class standard ground in Tasmania is the now preferred Bellerive Oval in the City of Clarence which has since the late 1970s overtaken the TCA Ground as the home of the Tasmanian cricket team and the TCA , and the ground which hosts Australia 's international matches when they play in Hobart .
Pueblo of Guaynabo is one of the 10 neighborhoods of Guaynabo , Puerto Rico .
Besease is a town in the Central Region of Ghana .
Azcapotzalco ( Classical Nahuatl : Āzcapōtzalco ( aːskapoːˈt͡saɬko ) , Spanish pronunciation : ( askapoˈtsalko ) , from āzcapōtzalli `` anthill '' + -co `` place '' ; literally , `` In the place of the anthills '' ) is one of the 16 municipalities ( municipios ) into which Mexico 's Mexico City is divided .
Patriarch Evtimiy Boulevard ( Bulgarian : Булевард Патриарх Евтимий ) is a central boulevard in the capital of Bulgaria , Sofia .
The Ebensee concentration camp was established by the SS to build tunnels for armaments storage near the town of Ebensee , Austria in 1943 .
Borabanda is one of the upcoming residential suburbs in Hyderabad , Telangana , India .
Mildstedt ( Danish : Mildsted ) is a municipality in the district of Nordfriesland , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Golfo degli Angeli ( English : Gulf of the Angels ) , also known as Golfo di Cagliari ( English : Gulf of Cagliari ) is a large bay in southern Sardinia , Italy , facing the Tyrrhenian Sea .
Vesijako ( also Vesijakaa ) is a lake in Finland .
Monistrol de Montserrat ( Catalan pronunciation : ( munisˈtɾɔɫ də munsəˈrat ) ) is a municipality in the comarca of the Bages in Catalonia , Spain .
Mowtowr - e Abdol ( Persian : موتورعبدل‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e ʿAbdol ) is a village in Nazil Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Taleb Qeshlaqi ( Persian : طالب قشلاقي‎ , also Romanized as Ţāleb Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Arshaq Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Ardabil County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Gråsten ( German : Gravenstein ) , stress on last syllable ) is a town with a population of 4,234 ( 1 January 2014 ) on the east coast of the Jutland peninsula in south Denmark by the Nybøl Nor at an inlet of the Flensburg Fjord .
Love Commandos is a voluntary non - profit organization in India which helps and protects couples in love from harassment and honor killing .
Nunajuak Island is one of the uninhabited Canadian arctic islands located in Hudson Strait , Nunavut , Canada .
Hemda is a village in Karnal district , India .
Buskerud Manor ( Norwegian : Buskerud hovedgård or Buskerud gård på Modum ) was a former estate and manor located on a large farm in Buskerud , Norway .
Drégely Castle ( Hungarian : Drégely vára ) is a 13th - century hilltop castle in Nógrád County , Hungary .
The Fulda Symphonic Orchestra ( German : Fuldaer Symphonisches Orchester ) is an amateur orchestra based in Fulda , Germany .
The EMMS Nazareth Hospital , also known as Scottish Hospital and English Hospital , is the general hospital of the city of Nazareth , Israel .
Ruzhintsi Municipality ( Bulgarian : Община Ружинци ) is a municipality ( obshtina ) in Vidin Province , Northwestern Bulgaria , located in the Danubian Plain about 8 km south of Danube river .
Amowi , also known as Amoyu , is a village in Ghana of some 500 inhabitants .
Altantsy ( Russian : Абага ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Altansky Rural Okrug in Amginsky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 120 kilometers ( 75 mi ) from Amga , the administrative center of the district .
The Chequer Inn is a historic 15th Century coaching house ( believed to date from around 1440 ) in the Conservation Area of the old market town of Steyning , in the Horsham District of West Sussex , United Kingdom .
The 2009 LG Hockey Games was held in Stockholm , Sweden , from 5 to 8 February 2010 .
Mogilno County ( Polish : powiat mogileński ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , north - central Poland .
Nungalinya College , an Adult Education College , is a partnership of the Anglican , Roman Catholic and Uniting Church based in Nakara a suburb of Darwin in the Northern Territory of Australia .
The Alcázar of Segovia ( literally , Segovia Castle ) is a castle , located in the old city of Segovia , Spain .
Pangrati or Pagrati ( Greek : Παγκράτι ) is a neighborhood in the Municipality of Athens , Greece .
Gdraymah ( also as Gdrayma or Jidhreimah , Arabic : قضريمة‎ ) is a town in the sub - governorate of Bariq in the province of Asir , Saudi Arabia .
Sierra de las Minas is a mountain range in eastern Guatemala , extending 130 km west of the Lake Izabal .
Yatim Aghli ( Persian : يتيم اغلي‎ , also Romanized as Yatīm Āghlī and Yatīm Āgholī ; also known as Atamkolī , Etmagli , Etmakli , and Yatīm Āqolī ) is a village in Hajjilar - e Shomali Rural District , Hajjilar District , Chaypareh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Nardoo Hills Reserves ( including the Judith Eardley Reserve ) comprise two adjoining parcels of land , with a combined area of 5.9 km2 , as a nature reserve in north - central Victoria , Australia .
Bansa may refer to : a village in Nissing , Karnal district , Haryana , India Bansa is a village in the Ga East Municipal district , a district in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana .
South Para Reservoir is the second largest reservoir in South Australia , behind Mount Bold Reservoir , and the principal reservoir of the South Para River system .
Hwa Chong Institution Boarding School is a boarding school in Singapore .
World Joyland ( Chinese : 环球动漫嬉戏谷 ) is a theme park located in Changzhou , in southern Jiangsu province of the People 's Republic of China .
Kamalamai ( former name : Sindhulimadi ; Nepali : सिन्धुलीमाडी ) is a municipality in Sindhuli District , in the Janakpur zone of central south Nepal .
R.A.E.C. Mons was a Belgian football club based in Mons , Belgium , The team was promoted to the Belgian Jupiler League at the conclusion of the 2010 - -11 season re - joining the Top Belgian League after two years in the Belgian 2nd Division ( Exqi League ) .
Ganj - e Besiar ( Persian : گنج بسيار‎ , also Romanized as Ganj - e Besīār ) is a village in Margown Rural District , Margown District , Boyer - Ahmad County , Kohgiluyeh and Boyer - Ahmad Province , Iran .
The RBC Convention Centre Winnipeg is a major meeting and convention facility located in downtown Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada .
Zdvinsk ( Russian : Здвинск ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Zdvinsky District of Novosibirsk Oblast , Russia , located on the Kargat River .
Eysturtindur is the second highest point - 714 m - on the island of Vágoy , Faroe Islands .
Mowtowr - e Pey Khvasteh ( Persian : موتور پي خواسته‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Pey Khvāsteh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Iranshahr County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
The Grauspitz ( Vorder Grauspitze or Vorder Grauspitz on some maps ) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps , located on the border between Liechtenstein and Switzerland .
The Moutohora Branch was a branch line railway that formed part of New Zealand 's national rail network in Poverty Bay in the North island of New Zealand .
Zazi Maidan ( Pashto : ځاځي ميدان‎ ) , also Jaji Maidan and Dzadzi Maidan , is a village and the center of Zazi Maidan District , Khost Province , Afghanistan .
Songkhla ( Thai : สงขลา , pronounced ( sǒŋ.kʰlǎː ) ) , also known as Singgora or Singora ( city on the mountain ) , is a city ( thesaban nakhon ) in Songkhla Province of southern Thailand , near the border with Malaysia .
Očeslavci ( pronounced ( ɔˈtʃeːslau̯tsi ) ) is a settlement in the hills south of Gornja Radgona in northeastern Slovenia .
De Horsey Island is an island at the mouth of the Skeena River in the North Coast region of British Columbia , Canada , located immediately south of the southern tip of the Tsimpsean Peninsula and immediately east of Smith Island .
Lebaan Bridge ( Malay : Jambatan Lebaan ) or Batang Lebaan Bridge is a new bridge connecting Sibu and Tanjung Manis in Sarawak , Malaysia .
Nový Ruskov ( Hungarian : Újruszka ) is a village and municipality in the Trebišov District in the Košice Region of south - eastern Slovakia .
Hosszúhetény ( Croatian : Hetinj , Etinj , Hetin , Jetin , German : Hetting , Heting , Langheting ) is the most populous village in Baranya county , southwest Hungary , a significant centre of village tourism .
Atuc ( also , Atuch ) is a village in the Quba Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Sonadia Island is a small island of about 9 km2 offshore of the Cox 's Bazaar coast in Chittagong Division , Bangladesh .
Long Laput ( also known as Laput ) is a settlement in the rural interior of the Marudi division of Sarawak , Malaysia .
Gorenji Vrh pri Dobrniču ( pronounced ( ɡɔˈɾeːnji ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈdoːbəɾnitʃu ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Korthio ( Greek : Κόρθιο ) is a former municipality on the island of Andros , in the Cyclades , Greece .
Skyvatn is a lake in the northern part of the municipality of Bykle in Aust - Agder county , Norway .
The Adamawa Region ( French : Région de l'Adamaoua ) is a constituent region of the Republic of Cameroon .
Batavus Intercycle Corporation was the leading manufacturer of bicycles and mopeds in the Netherlands during the 1970s .
The Baroque Mariatrost Basilica on top of the Purberg hill in Mariatrost , a district of Graz , is one of the most famous pilgrimage sites of Styria in Austria .
Cayo Romano is an island on the northern coast of Cuba , in the province of Camagüey .
The Millennium Line is the second rapid transit line built in the SkyTrain metro system in Metro Vancouver , British Columbia , Canada .
Campoformido ( Friulian : Cjampfuarmit ) is a town and comune in the province of Udine , in north - eastern Italy , notable for the Treaty of Campo Formio .
The 2008 El Calvario earthquake occurred in central Colombia on 24 May and measured 5.9 on the moment magnitude scale .
Château Rauzan - Ségla , or Château Rausan - Ségla , is a winery in the Margaux appellation of the Bordeaux region of France .
The Big Bend Ranges are a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia , Canada , located in Big Bend of the Columbia River north of the Illecillewaet River .
Kebun Baru is a precinct located at Ang Mo Kio , Singapore .
Haus i m Ennstal is a village in central Austria , located in the Liezen district of Styria .
Osfok ( Persian : اسفك‎ ; also known as Osbok , Osfūk , Owsbūk , Owsfūk , and Ūsfūk ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Tankebyggarorden ( Swedish : Order of the Thought Builders ) was a literary fellowship active in Sweden between 1753 and 1763 .
Darjeeling Government College is a co - educational government - funded college established in 1948 in Darjeeling , West Bengal , India .
Kasem Bundit University Stadium ( Thai : สนามมหาวิทยาลัยเกษมบัณฑิต ) is a football stadium in Min Buri District Bangkok , Thailand .
The Nile Delta ( Arabic : دلتا النيل‎ Delta n - Nīl or simply الدلتا ed - Delta ) is the delta formed in Northern Egypt ( Lower Egypt ) where the Nile River spreads out and drains into the Mediterranean Sea .
Baiyappanahalli metro station is the eastern terminal point on the east - west corridor of the Namma Metro in Bangalore , India .
Gnojnik ( ˈɡnɔi̯nik ) is a village in southern Poland , the seat of the rural gmina ( administrative district ) of Gmina Gnojnik in Brzesko County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship .
Mantigue is a small island located about 3.5 km ( 2.2 mi ) off the coast of volcanic island province of Camiguin province in the Philippines .
Kota Samarahan is the administrative seat of the Samarahan District ( 508.1 square kilometres ) in Samarahan Division , Sarawak , east Malaysia .
Obinitsa Community Centre is a building belonging under the SA Setu Kultuuri Fond ( culture foundation ) in Võru county , Meremäe rural municipality , in Obinitsa village in Estonia .
Geita Region is one of Tanzania 's 30 administrative regions .
Grundlsee is a municipality in the Liezen District of Styria , Austria , which counted 1,294 inhabitants during the 2001 census .
Mowtowr - e Morad Abdollahi ( Persian : موتور مراد عبدالهي‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Morād ʿAbdollahī ) is a village in Dalgan Rural District , in the Central District of Dalgan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Zgornja Senica ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnja sɛˈniːtsa ) ; in older sources also Gorenja Senica , German : Oberseniza ) is a village north of Goričane in the Municipality of Medvode in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Barrio Yungay is a neighborhood of Santiago , Chile , located to the west of the city center in the commune of Santiago and to the west of Barrio Brasil .
Bạch Mã National Park ( Vietnamese : Vườn quốc gia Bạch Mã ) is a protected area in central Vietnam , near the city of Huế .
Monaghan railway station was on the Ulster Railway designed by Sir John Macneil located in the Republic of Ireland .
Intan Jaya Regency is one of the regencies ( kabupaten ) in Papua Province of Indonesia ; it was formed in 2008 from part of Paniai Regency .
Al - Kafr ( Arabic : الكفر‎ , also spelled al - Kefr ) is a village in as - Suwayda Governorate in southern Syria .
Akmerkez is a shopping mall located in the Etiler quarter of Beşiktaş district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Axum Airport ( IATA : AXU , ICAO : HAAX ) , also known as Emperor Yohannes IV Airport , is an airport serving Axum , a city in the northern Tigray Region of Ethiopia .
Rumiani ( Persian : رومياني‎‎ , also Romanized as Rūmīānī and Rūmīyānī ) is a village in Rumiani Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Linou ( Greek : Λινού ) is a remote village in the Nicosia District of Cyprus , located south of the Skouriotissa mines and 5 km north of Evrychou with a population of 207 , 25 % of them refugees .
Wołowo ( vɔˈwɔvɔ ) ( German : Wohlau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lelkowo , within Braniewo County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Kanye Airport ( ICAO : FBKY ) is an airport serving the town of Kanye , Botswana .
Direcção Nacional de Estatística ( DNE ) ( National Statistics Directorate ) is the national bureau for statistics of East Timor .
Raotince ( Macedonian : Раотинце ) is a village located about 10 miles ( 14 km ) northeast from the city of Tetovo in the Republic of Macedonia .
Mohaka is a small settlement in the northern Hawke 's Bay region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand .
The Estadio Ciudad de La Plata ( City of La Plata Stadium ) is a multi - purpose stadium located in the city of La Plata , Argentina .
Benamahoma ( Arabic `` Sons of Muhammad '' ) , one of the White Towns of Andalusia , is a town of some 400 inhabitants in Cádiz province , Spain .
Parvarijabad ( Persian : پروريج اباد‎ , also Romanized as Parvarījābād ; also known as Parvanābād ) is a village in Tangeh Soleyman Rural District , Kolijan Rostaq District , Sari County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Padules is a municipality of Almería province , in the autonomous community of Andalusia , Spain .
104.1 Territory FM is a community radio station based in Darwin , Australia .
Lake Zway or Lake Ziway is one of the freshwater Rift Valley lakes of Ethiopia .
The Sheberghan Prison is a prison in northern Afghanistan .
Porto - Vecchio ( Corsican : Portivechju ) is a commune in the Corse - du - Sud department of France on the island of Corsica .
Bobara is a village in municipality of Tomislavgrad in Canton 10 , the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Narenjlu ( Persian : نارنج لو‎ , also Romanized as Nārenjlū ) is a village in Khvosh Rud Rural District , Bandpey - ye Gharbi District , Babol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Kuhbanan ( Persian : كوهبنان‎ , also Romanized as Kūhbanān , Koobanan , Kūhbonān , and Kūh Banān ; also known as Kūh Baneh ) is a city in and the capital of Kuhbanan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Piaski - Młynek ( ˈpjaski ˈmwɨnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Komotini ( Greek : Κομοτηνή ; Turkish : Gümülcine ) is a city in the region of East Macedonia and Thrace , northeastern Greece .
Giles Land District is a land district ( cadastral division ) of Western Australia , located within the Eastern and Eucla land divisions on the Nullarbor Plain .
Castle Réka ( Hungarian : Rékavára or Réka vár ) ; is a ruined castle in Baranya county , Hungary .
Vlakfontein is a small settlement in the Mpumalanga Province of South Africa .
Velika Vas pri Krškem ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈʋaːs pɾi ˈkəɾʃkɛm ) ; Slovene : Velika vas pri Krškem , German : Großdorf ) is a village southwest of Leskovec in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Moussobadougou ( also known as Ouassadougou ) is a village in central Ivory Coast .
The Red Deer Royals are a Concert and Marching band based in the City of Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
The Graustock is a mountain of the Urner Alps , located south of Engelberg in Central Switzerland .
The Gabriel Sundukyan State Academic Theatre ( Armenian : Գաբրիել Սունդուկյանի անվան ազգային ակադեմիական թատրոն ) , founded in February 25 , 1922 in Yerevan , is the oldest modern theatre in the Republic of Armenia .
Rabacino ( rabaˈt͡ɕinɔ ) ( German : Gröbenzin Kashubian : Rabacëno ) is a village in Gmina Studzienice , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Bečej ( Serbian : Бечеј / Bečej , pronounced ( bɛ̌tʃɛːj ) , Hungarian : Óbecse , pronounced ( ˈoːbɛt͡ʃɛ ) ) is a town and municipality located in the South Bačka District in Vojvodina , Serbia .
Chichester Festival Theatre , is one of the United Kingdom 's flagship producing and touring theatres , whose annual summer season attracts actors , writers and directors from the West End theatre and the USA .
Helsinki Roller Derby is a roller derby league based in Helsinki in Finland .
Stogi - Przeróbka ( German : Heubude ) is one of the quarters of Gdańsk , Poland .
Sarpang District ( Dzongkha : གསར་སྤང་རྫོང་ཁག་ ; Wylie : Gsar - spang rdzong - khag ; also known as `` Geylegphug '' ) is one of the 20 dzongkhags ( districts ) comprising Bhutan .
Gorski Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈɡɔːɾski ˈʋəɾx ) , locally Vrh ) is a small dispersed settlement in the hills north of the Idrijca River in the Municipality of Tolmin in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Honeg - e Pain ( Persian : هنگ پايين‎ , also Romanized as Honeg - e Pā’īn ; also known as Hanaka , Hanak - e Pā’īn , Henek Pā’īn , and Honek - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Mahan Rural District , Mahan District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Stare Biernaty ( ˈstarɛ bjɛrˈnatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łosice , within Łosice County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Valdai Hills ( Russian : Валда́йская возвы́шенность or Валда́й , Latvian : Valdaja augstiene ) are an upland region in the north - west of central Russia running north - south , about midway between Saint Petersburg and Moscow , spanning Leningrad , Novgorod , Tver , Pskov , and Smolensk Oblasts .
Gladzor ( Armenian : Գլաձոր ) , formerly Ortakend , is a village in the Vayots Dzor Province of Armenia .
The Ashley Gorge is a river gorge of the Ashley River in Canterbury , New Zealand .
Elyankudi is a revenue village in the Thirunallar taluk of Karaikal District in India .
Performers House is a folk high school in Silkeborg , Denmark , specialized in offering programs for young people with a special interest in music , dance and theatre .
Angaïs ( Occitan : Angais , pronounced ( aŋˈɡajs ) ) is a French commune in the Pyrénées - Atlantiques department in the Aquitaine region of south - western France .
Brasschaat Airfield ( Dutch : Vliegveld Brasschaat , ICAO : EBBT ) is an airfield located 4 kilometres ( 2 mi ) north of Brasschaat , Antwerp , Belgium .
Ettal Abbey ( German : Kloster Ettal ) is a Benedictine monastery in the village of Ettal close to Oberammergau and Garmisch - Partenkirchen in Bavaria , Germany .
Ziempniów ( ˈʑempɲuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czermin , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Ventongimps Moor is a moorland nature reserve and Site of Special Scientific Interest ( SSSI ) , noted for its biological characteristics , in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Eyshgeh ( Persian : ايشگه‎ ; also known as Eshgeh ) is a village in Ajorluy - ye Gharbi Rural District , Baruq District , Miandoab County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Grądzień ( ˈɡrɔnd͡ʑeɲ ) ( Kashubian : Grądzéń ) is a settlement in Gmina Miastko , Bytów County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tîrnauca ( Romanian ; Ukrainian : Тернівка , Ternivka , Russian : Терновка , Ternovka ) is a commune and village in the Slobozia sub - district of Transnistria , Moldova , situated on the east bank of the river Dniester , between Tighina and Tiraspol .
Stensved is a town , with a population of 1,568 ( 1.January 2015 ) , situated on the southern Zealand ( Region Sjælland ) , in Denmark .
Pingbian Miao Autonomous County ( simplified Chinese : 屏边苗族自治县 ; traditional Chinese : 屏邊苗族自治縣 ; pinyin : Píngbiān Miáozú Zìzhìxiàn ) is a county in the southeast of Yunnan province , People 's Republic of China .
Szalenik ( ʂaˈlɛnik ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Lubycza Królewska , within Tomaszów Lubelski County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland , close to the border with Ukraine .
The Canadian Aviation Corps ( CAC ) was an early attempt to create an air force for Canada at the beginning of the First World War .
Gopeng is a town located in Mukim Teja , District of Kampar , Perak , Malaysia .
Sandycove ( Irish : Cuas an Ghainimh ) is an area of Dublin , Ireland .
Over the years , the Scotiabank Giller Prize has been awarded to emerging and established authors from both small independent and large publishing houses in Canada .
Puchałowo ( puxaˈwɔvɔ ) ( German : Puchallowen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Janowo , within Nidzica County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Myrtos Beach ( Greek : Παραλία Μύρτου ( Míːrtɒs ) ) is in the region of Pylaros , in the north - west of Kefalonia island , in the Ionian Sea of Greece .
Demänovská Ice Cave or Demänovská ľadová jaskyňa ( in Slovak ) is an ice cave in the Demänovská Valley ( Low Tatra ) in Slovakia .
Meanja is situated in Moungo , Littoral , Cameroon .
Andapa is a town and commune ( Malagasy : firaisana ) in northern Madagascar .
Miraj ( pronunciation ; Marathi:मिरज ) is a city in southern Maharashtra , India , that was founded in the early 10th century .
Boryslav ( Ukrainian : Борислав , Polish : Borysław ) is a city located on the Tysmenytsia River ( a tributary of the Dniester ) , in Lviv Oblast ( region ) of western Ukraine .
Hridaypur is a locality in the municipal area of Barasat in the state of West Bengal , India .
The Archaeological Museum of Eretria is a museum in Eretria , in the Euboea regional unit of Central Greece .
Lake Cheybek - Kohl ( Russian : Чейбек-Коль , Altay : Алтын Кӧл , literally : `` Long Lake '' ) ( or Dead lake ) is in Altai Mountains and the Altai Republic , Russia .
Vrhovlje pri Kojskem ( pronounced ( ʋəɾˈxoːu̯ljɛ pɾi ˈkoːi̯skɛm ) ) is a settlement north of Kojsko in the Municipality of Brda in the Littoral region of Slovenia .
Ouest Lausannois District is a district in the canton of Vaud , Switzerland .
The Chawathil First Nation or Chawathil Indian Band is a band government of the Sto : lo people located in the Upper Fraser Valley region near Hope , British Columbia , Canada .
Staro Groblje ( Serbian Cyrillic : Cтapo Гpoбљe ) is a neighborhood of the city of Niš , Serbia .
Bakhtiar Koti ( Persian : بختياركتي‎ , also Romanized as Bakhtīār Kotī ) is a village in Harazpey - ye Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Amol County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Die Teufelsrutsch ( `` Devil 's Slide '' ) is a densely wooded porphyry knoll in Rhenish Hesse , Germany .
Rogen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Rogens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
Blind Guardian is a German power metal band formed in the mid-1980s in Krefeld , West Germany .
Pichaqchi ( Persian : پيچاقچي‎ , also Romanized as Pīchāqchī ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Isztimér ( German : Ißzimmer ) is a village in Fejér county , Hungary .
Średnica - Pawłowięta ( ɕrɛdˈnit͡sa pavwɔˈvjɛnta ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Jüdischer Friedhof Köln - Mülheim is a Jewish cemetery in the former city of Mülheim am Rhein , which since 1914 has been incorporated into the district of Cologne , Germany .
Kokerbin Rock , also known as Kokerbin Hill , is a granite rock formation located within the Kokerbin Nature Reserve in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia .
Grochotów ( ɡrɔˈxɔtuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzegom , within Świdnica County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Kungsholms Church ( Swedish : Kungsholms kyrka ) or the Ulrika Eleonora Church ( Swedish : Ulrika Eleonora kyrka ) is a church building at Bergsgatan on the island of Kungsholmen in Stockholm , Sweden .
Verrières , Orne is a commune in the Orne department in north - western France .
Yanıkhan is an archaeological site in Mersin Province , Turkey .
Hastings Gardens is a public garden in Valletta , Malta .
Meslila is a settlement in the commune of Ouled Khoudir , in Ouled Khoudir District , Béchar Province , Algeria .
Sodankylä ( Inari Sami : Suáđigil , Northern Sami : Soađegilli , Skolt Sami : Suäʹđjel ) is a municipality of Finland .
The Capitoline Wolf has been housed since 1471 in the Palazzo dei Conservatori on the Campidoglio ( the ancient Capitoline Hill ) , Rome , Italy .
Havana Harbor is the port of Havana , the capital of Cuba , and it is the main port in Cuba ( not including Guantanamo Bay Naval Base , a territory on lease by the United States ) .
Firck Palace ( Latvian : Firksa muižas pils ; German : Virckshof ) is a palace in Talsi in the historical region of Courland , in western Latvia .
Dalipebinau ( Yapese : Dalipeebinaew ) is a village and municipality in the state of Yap , Federated States of Micronesia .
The City of Marion is a local government area in the southern suburbs of Adelaide , South Australia .
Muyenga is a hill in Kampala , the capital of Uganda and the largest city in that country .
Sabkyo or ( Sapgyo ) is a small city located within Yesan county in South Chungcheong Province , South Korea .
St. Francis Institution or Sekolah Menengah Kebangsaan ( SMK ) St. Francis is a public secondary school in Malacca , Malaysia of the La Sallian tradition .
Elisenheim is a future residential area north of Windhoek , the capital of Namibia .
The Seven Lakes of San Pablo ( Filipino : Pitong Lawa ng San Pablo ) are seven crater lakes scattered around the City of San Pablo , in the province of Laguna , Philippines .
Konstantinato ( Greek : Κωνσταντινάτο ) is a small town of 400 inhabitants , part of the municipal unit of Serres , Serres , northern Greece .
Ghanghu(Hindi : घांघू ) is a village in Churu district in Rajasthan state of India .
Plačkovica ( Macedonian : Плачковица ) is a mountain located the eastern part of Republic of Macedonia , it extends between the cities of Radoviš , and Vinica .
Cavenagh Bridge is the only suspension bridge and one of the oldest bridges in Singapore , spanning the lower reaches of the Singapore River in the Downtown Core .
Doloi ( Greek : Δολοί ) is a community of the municipality West Mani , in Messenia , southern Greece .
Ueckermünde ( German pronunciation : ( ʏkɐˈmʏndə ) ) is a seaport town in northeast Germany , located in the district of Vorpommern - Greifswald , Western Pomerania , near Germany 's border with Poland 's Police County .
Tahtavil ( Persian : تهتويل‎ , also Romanized as Tahtavīl ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Manakkara is a small ward of Sasthamcotta village in the Kunnathoor Tehsil of Kollam district in the state of Kerala , India .
Gunsan Airport ( Korean : 군산공항 , Chinese : 群山空港 ) ( IATA : KUV , ICAO : RKJK ) is an airport serving Gunsan , a city in the North Jeolla Province in South Korea .
Amreya ( Arabic : العامرية‎ ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
Qazıdərə ( also , Gazydere , Ghazidere , and Kazidara ) is a village in the Lachin Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Inthakhin ( Thai : อินทขิล ) is a tambon ( subdistrict ) of Mae Taeng District , in Chiang Mai Province , Thailand .
Almaraz Nuclear Power Plant is a nuclear power station at Almaraz in Spain .
Sworoń ( ˈsfɔrɔɲ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Osiek , within Staszów County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Syktyvkar Airport ( IATA : SCW , ICAO : UUYY ) is an airport in the Komi Republic , Russia located just within the city .
Nowa Wieś Grodziska ( ˈnɔva ˈvjɛɕ ɡrɔˈd͡ʑiska ) ( German : Neudorf am Gröditzberge ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pielgrzymka , within Złotoryja County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Ascea is a town and comune in the province of Salerno in the Campania region of southwestern Italy .
Pullikada ( Malayalam : പുള്ളിക്കട ) Pullikkada is a neighbourhood of Kollam city in Kerala , India .
Trentham Military Camp is a New Zealand Defence Force facility located in Trentham , Upper Hutt , near Wellington .
Crawford Adventist Academy is a K-- grade 12 Adventist private day - school in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Nieuwmarkt ( Dutch for `` New Market '' or `` Newmarket '' ) is a square in the centre of Amsterdam , Netherlands .
Roebuck Bay is a bay on the coast of the Kimberley region of Western Australia .
Gotha ( ˈɡoːtaː ) is the fifth - largest city in Thuringia , Germany , located 20 kilometres ( 12 miles ) west of Erfurt and 25 km ( 16 miles ) east of Eisenach with a population of 44,000 .
Monte Bisbino can be reached with a paved road from Cernobbio ( Italy ) .
The Mampuri Wind Farms ( also known as the Senok Wind Farms , after its developers ) are a set of three wind farms located near the Lakvijaya Power Station , on the Kalpitiya peninsula , in Mampuri , Puttalam District , Sri Lanka .
St. Jean de Brebeuf Catholic High School , also known as SJB , is a Catholic high school located in Woodbridge , Ontario , Canada .
Gandyab - e Bala ( Persian : گندياب بالا‎ , also Romanized as Gandyāb - e Bālā ; also known as Gandyāb ) is a village in Natel Kenar - e Olya Rural District , in the Central District of Nur County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Maputsoe is a town located in the northern district of Leribe in Lesotho ; it shares a border - post with Ficksburg in the eastern Free State .
Nikolaj Plads ( lit . Licolas ' Square ) is a public square located at the foot of the former St Nicolas ' Church ( Danish Nikolaj Kirke ) in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Budy Radzymińskie ( ˈbudɨ rad͡zɨˈmiɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Baboszewo , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Mowtowr - e Amirabad ( Persian : موتوراميراباد‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Amīrābād ) is a village in Gowhar Kuh Rural District , Nukabad District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Riihimäki railway station ( Finnish : Riihimäen rautatieasema , Swedish : Riihimäki järnvägsstation ) is located in the town of Riihimäki , Finland .
Dasht - e Zahmatkeshan ( Persian : دشت زحمتكشان‎ , also Romanized as Dasht - e Zaḩmatkeshān ) is a village in Kavirat Rural District , Chatrud District , Kerman County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nova Ponte is connected to one of the most important export corridors in Brazil by way of the Ferrovia Central Atlântica .
Douce noir ( also known as Bonarda , Corbeau and Charbono ) is a red Italian wine grape variety that has been historically grown in the Savoie wine region of north - west of Italy but today is more widely planted in the South American country of Argentina .
Bünde ( ˈbʏndə ) ( Low German Buine ) is a town in the Herford district , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Bajigur is a hot and sweet beverage native to the Sundanese people of West Java , Indonesia .
Lake Muskoka / Alport Bay Water Aerodrome , ( TC LID : CLM3 ) , is located 4 nautical miles ( 7.4 km ; 4.6 mi ) southwest of Bracebridge , Ontario , Canada .
The Shire of Upper Yarra was a local government area centred on the upper reaches of the Yarra Valley , about 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) east of Melbourne , the state capital of Victoria , Australia , extending eastwards into Victoria 's interior .
Cerros de Incahuasi is a mountain with several summits located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile , near Sico Pass .
The Wadi Ghan Dam is a rock - fill embankment dam located on Wadi Al - Hira , 14 km ( 9 mi ) northeast of Gharyan in the Jabal al Gharbi District of Libya .
Großrußbach is a town in the district of Korneuburg in Lower Austria in Austria
Ahrem is a little village in Germany near Cologne .
The University of Novi Sad ( Serbian : Универзитет у Новом Саду / Univerzitet u Novom Sadu ) is a university located in Novi Sad , the capital of the Serbian province of Vojvodina and the second largest city in Serbia .
Qaimoh ( also known as Quaimoh , Kaimoh and Kah moh ) is a block , a town and a notified area committee in Kulgam District in the state of Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Hotel de Inmigrantes ( Immigrants '' Hotel ) is a complex of buildings constructed between 1906 and 1911 , in the port of Buenos Aires , Argentina , to receive and assist the many thousands of immigrants who were arriving in Argentina from many parts of the world .
Gulyantsi ( Bulgarian : Гулянци , pronounced ( ɡuˈlʲanci ) ; also transliterated Guljanci , Gulyanci , Guliantzi , Gulyantzi , etc . ) is a town in central northern Bulgaria , part of Pleven Province .
Axos ( Greek : Αξός ) is a village in the municipal unit Kyrros , Pella regional unit , Central Macedonia , Greece , 4 km from the city of Giannitsa and 52 km from Thessaloniki .
Long Forties are located between the northeast coast of Scotland and the southwest coast of Norway , centred about 57 ° N 0 ° 30′E ; compare to the Broad Fourteens .
XEWW - AM is the call letters of a radio station operating on 690 AM and licensed to the Tijuana / Rosarito area of Baja California , Mexico , with additional studio facilities in Burbank , California , United States .
AMET University , formerly the Academy of Maritime Education ( AMET ) , is an educational institute in India dedicated for maritime education and training .
Lago di Magazzolo , or Lago Castello , is a lake in the Province of Agrigento , Sicily , Italy .
YTV Jr. had preschool programming from The Treehouse and from children 's channels in Canada and other countries .
Kyrros ( Greek : Κύρρος ; in classical contexts also transliterated Cyrrhus ) is a former municipality in the Pella regional unit , Greece .
Kåkern Bridge ( Norwegian : Kåkern bru ) is a cantilever road bridge that crosses the Kåkernsundet strait between the islands of Flakstadøya and Moskenesøya in the municipality of Flakstad in Nordland county , Norway .
Walloon Brabant ( French : Brabant wallon , Dutch : Waals - Brabant , Walloon : Roman Payis ) is a province of Wallonia in Belgium .
Bakkagerði is a coastal hamlet in eastern Iceland .
Patuakhali Science and Technology University ( Bengali : পটুয়াখালী বিজ্ঞান ও প্রযুক্তি বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় ) is a government financed public university in Patuakhali , Bangladesh .
Rabah Bitat Airport ( IATA : AAE , ICAO : DABB ) , formerly known as Les Salines Airport , and popularly as El Mellah Airport is an international airport located 9 km south of Annaba , a city in Algeria .
Kepayan is a sub - district , or a neighbourhood , within the city of Kota Kinabalu in Sabah , Malaysia .
Menaruyeh ( Persian : منارويه‎ , also Romanized as Menārūyeh ) is a village in Ahmadabad Rural District , in the Central District of Firuzabad County , Fars Province , Iran .
Javarem ( Persian : جوارم‎ , also Romanized as Javārem ; also known as Jowvārem ) is a village in Sorkhkola Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Platykampos ( Greek : Πλατύκαμπος ) is a village and a former municipality in the Larissa regional unit , Thessaly , Greece .
Sampurnanand Sanskrit University ( Sanskrit : सम्पूर्णानन्द संस्कृत विश्वविद्यालय , वाराणसी ; IAST : Sampūrānand Samskrit Vișvavidyālaya , Vāraṇāsī ) is an Indian institution of higher learning located in Varanasi , Uttar Pradesh , India , specializing in the study of Sanskrit and related fields .
Ticul Municipality is one of 106 municipalities in Yucatán State , Mexico .
Baribathan ( Bengali : বাড়িবাথান ) is a village in Paglakanai Union of Jhenaidah Sadar Upazila , Jhenaidah District of southwestern Bangladesh .
Pachamba is a very ancient location , near Giridih town , Jharkhand state , India .
Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey ( ( English ) : Museum of Contemporary Art , Monterrey ) , abbreviated as MARCO , is a major art museum , located in the city of Monterrey , in Nuevo León state of northeastern Mexico .
The Carrera Autopodistica is an annual human - powered land vehicle racing competition that takes place in September in Castel San Pietro Terme near Bologna , Italy .
The Leán River is a river on the northern Caribbean coast of Honduras slightly to the east of Tela , bordering the Punta Izopo National Park , in Atlántida Department .
Vovkovatytsia ( Ukrainian : Вовковатиця ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
The focus of the Neustadt / Weinstrasse Railway Museum is vehicles of the former state railways in southern Germany .
Tohidabad , Zahedan ( Persian : توحیدآباد‎ ) is a village in Ladiz Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Valek Airport ( Russian : Аэропорт `` Валек '' ) ( ICAO : UOOW ) is a small airport in Krasnoyarsk krai , Russia located 9 km northeast of Norilsk .
Suvisaaristo ( Finnish ) or Sommaröarna ( Swedish ) is a maritime district in Espoo , Finland , districts number 451 and 452 , and an archipelago in the Gulf of Finland , directly in front of a peninsula in Soukka , in the southwestern corner of Espoo .
The Woëvre is a natural region of Lorraine in northeastern France .
Strathmore School is Kenya 's first multi - racial school established in 1961 in the Lavington area of Nairobi .
in 2011 , Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport was the 25th busiest airport in the People 's Republic of China with 7,339,229 passengers .
Shamlaji , also spelled Shamalaji , ( Gujarati : શામળાજી and Hindi : शामलाजी ) is a major Hindu pilgrimage centre in Aravalli district of Gujarat state of India .
Bužim is a municipality situated in the most northwestern Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Kuppusamy Naidu Memorial Tournament started in Pandavermangalam at 1945 was conducted every year and it was the second oldest hockey tournament in India .
Deutscher Fernsehfunk ( DFF ) , known from 1972 to 1990 as Fernsehen der DDR ( DDR - FS ) , was the state television broadcaster in East Germany .
Marienlyst halt is a railway halt serving the district Marienlyst in the northern outskirts of the city of Helsingør , Denmark , near Marienlyst Castle and Hotel Marienlyst .
Waiuta is the location of a historic mining town on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand .
Komjatice ( Hungarian : Komját ) is a municipality and village in the Nové Zámky District of the south - west of Slovakia , in the Nitra Region .
Hatzav ( Hebrew : חָצָב , lit . Squill ) is a moshav in central Israel .
The Kerikeri River rises in the Puketi Forest inland from Kerikeri and flows into the western extremity of the Bay of Islands in northern New Zealand .
Dalno ( ˈdalnɔ ) ( German : Lindenfelde ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łobez , within Łobez County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Maintenon is a commune in the metropolitan area of Paris , France .
The Shire of Cooloola was a local government area located about 170 kilometres ( 106 mi ) north of Brisbane -- the state capital of Queensland , Australia .
Kodari is a border crossing from Nepal into the Tibet Autonomous Region .
La Hondonada is a sector in the city of Santo Domingo of the Distrito Nacional in the Dominican Republic .
Villadossola ( Piedmontese Vila d'Òssola ) is a town and comune of the Val d’Ossola in Piedmont , northern Italy , some 120 kilometres ( 75 mi ) northeast of Turin .
Zharkain District ( Kazakh : Жарқайың ауданы ) is a district of Akmola Region in northern Kazakhstan .
Lwów Voivodeship ( Polish : Województwo lwowskie ) was an administrative unit of interwar Poland ( 1918 - -1939 ) .
The Abbey of St. Victor , Paris , also known as Royal Abbey and School of St. Victor , was an abbey near Paris , France .
Mazraeh - ye Khalifabad ( Persian : مزرعه خليف اباد‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Khalīfābād ) is a village in Beyza Rural District , Beyza District , Sepidan County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its existence was noted , but its population was not reported .
Helsingborg City Theatre ( in Swedish : Helsingborgs stadsteater ) is the city theatre of Helsingborg in south of Sweden .
The Mariscal Luzuriaga Province ( Spanish mariscal marshal ) is one of 20 provinces of the Ancash Region in Peru .
Gërdec is a village in Albania , 11 kilometers north - west of the capital Tirana .
Nierodzim is a district ( osiedle ) of Ustroń , Silesian Voivodeship , Poland .
Boneh - ye Kalu ( Persian : بنه كلو‎ , also Romanized as Boneh - ye Kalū ) is a village in Saroleh Rural District , Meydavud District , Bagh - e Malek County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Pandaha is a village in Rani Ki Sarai town of Azamgarh district in the state of Uttar Pradesh , India .
Sturgeon Lake Caldera is a large extinct caldera complex in Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario , Canada .
The 1892 Recreo earthquake took place in the Catamarca Province of Argentina on 21 March 1892 , at about 01:45 AM , with magnitude 6.0 in the Richter scale .
Alberta Fashion Week is a fashion event in Calgary , Alberta , Canada .
Birubari is a locality of Guwahati , Assam , India .
Det Harboeske Enkefruekloster ( English : Harboe 's Refuge for Widowed Ladies ) is a Late Baroque building on Stormgade in Copenhagen , Denmark .
Communist Renewal ( Greek Κομμουνιστική Ανανέωση/Kommounistiki Ananeosi ( KA ) ) is a communist organization in Greece .
Trelleborg Old Water Tower is a now defunct water tower in Stadsparken , Trelleborg in southern Sweden .
Qezeljeh Kand ( Persian : قزلجه كند‎ , also Romanized as Qezeljah Kand ; also known as Qizil Jakhand ) is a village in Delbaran Rural District , in the Central District of Qorveh County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Dolenji Novaki ( pronounced ( dɔˈleːnji nɔˈʋaːki ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Cerkno in the traditional Littoral region of Slovenia .
Greta Valley is a small town 83 km north of Christchurch , New Zealand .
La Bazeuge ( Occitan : La Baseuge ) is a commune in the Haute - Vienne département in the Limousin region in western France .
The Greenbury Report released in 1995 was the product of a committee established by the United Kingdom Confederation of Business and Industry on corporate governance .
Rudbar Lorestan Dam is a hydroelectric dam currently under construction on the Rudbar River , a tributary of the Dez River , in Iran 's Lorestan Province with an installed electricity generating capability of 450 MW .
Tičići ( Cyrillic : Тичићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Arklow ( from Old Norse Arnkell - lág , meaning `` meadow of Arnkell '' , Irish : An tInbhear Mór , meaning `` the great estuary '' ) is a town in County Wicklow on the east coast of Ireland .
Caffè San Marco is a historic café in Trieste , Italy .
SD Croatia Berlin became the first Croatian club in Germany to reach third tier competition when promoted to the Regionalliga Nordost after their 1998 Oberliga Nordost , Staffel Nord ( IV ) championship .
Taste of Asia is a non - profit , annual street festival organized by the Federation of Chinese Canadians in Markham ( FCCM ) and is located in Markham , Ontario , Canada .
Zimrat ( Hebrew : זִמְרָת , lit . Song ) is a religious moshav in southern Israel .
Movri ( Greek : Μόβρη ) is a forested mountain range in western Achaea , Greece .
Bugarach ( French pronunciation : ​(byɡaʁaʃ ) ; Burgarag in Occitan ) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France , around 35 km south of Carcassonne .
The Gallipoli peninsula ( /ɡəˈlɪpəli , ɡæ-/ ; Turkish : Gelibolu Yarımadası ; Greek : Καλλίπολη ) is located in Turkish Thrace ( or East Thrace ) , the European part of Turkey , with the Aegean Sea to the west and the Dardanelles strait to the east .
Sheykh Rahman ( Persian : شيخ رحمان‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Raḩmān ; also known as Sheykh Raḩmānī ) is a village in Shoaybiyeh - ye Gharbi Rural District , Shadravan District , Shushtar County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Kfar Aza ( Hebrew : כְּפַר עַזַּה , lit . Gaza Village ) is a kibbutz in southern Israel .
Al - Mukharram District ( Arabic : منطقة المخرم , translit . : manṭiqat al - Mukharram ) is a district of the Homs Governorate in central Syria .
Korenitka ( pronounced ( kɔɾɛˈniːtka ) ) is a small village in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
Salwah ( Arabic : صلوة‎ ) is a village in Syria , administratively part of Idlib Governorate .
General Tiburcio de Leon National High School , also known as Gen. T. de Leon National High School or GTDNHS is a public national high school in Valenzuela , Philippines .
The Speaker 's State Coach is the oldest of the three great State Coaches of the United Kingdom .
Aliah University ( Bengali : আলিয়া বিশ্ববিদ্যালয় , informally known as AU ) , is a state government controlled minority autonomous university in New Town , West Bengal , India .
Anghiari is a town and comune in the Province of Arezzo ( Tuscany , Italy ) .
Invermay Agricultural Centre is located close to Mosgiel , on the Taieri Plains in Otago , New Zealand .
Gallaratese is a district ( `` quartiere '' ) of Milan , Italy , part of the Zone 8 administrative division of the city .
Rozdrażew ( rɔzˈdraʐɛf ) is a village in Krotoszyn County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Łebieniec ( wɛˈbjɛɲɛt͡s ) ( Kashubian : Łebiéńc , German Labenz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wicko , within Lębork County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Ilen Church ( Norwegian : Ilen kirke , also called Ila Church ) is a parish church in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Puttenahalli is a suburban area in Bangalore , Karnataka State in India .
In 1933 , when the NSDAP took power and established the state of Nazi Germany , Gauleiter became the second - highest Nazi paramilitary rank , just below the new rank of Reichsleiter ( National Leader ) .
Forus is an industrial district in the borough Hinna in Stavanger , Norway .
Örücüler , Borçka is a village in the District of Borçka , Artvin Province , Turkey .
Tsogo High School ( Tsogo Secondary School ) is a public Roman Catholic , English medium , High School located in Mmakau north west of the city of Tshwane , in the North West Province of South Africa .
Batujaya is an archeological site located in the village of Batujaya , Karawang in West Java , Indonesia .
There is a large Jewish community in Prestwich and Whitefield , neighbouring Broughton Park in Salford and sections of Cheetham Hill and Crumpsall , parts of the City of Manchester , which forms the second - largest Jewish community in the United Kingdom .
Skodsborg is a small town / suburb approx . 20 km . north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Satu Mare Synagogue or Decebal Street Synagogue located in Satu Mare , Romania , was built in Moorish style at the end of the 19th century .
Podtrzcianka ( pɔttʂˈt͡ɕaŋka ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janów , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Taczów ( ˈtat͡ʂuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew , within Radom County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
West Tulang Bawang Regency ( Tulungbawang Barat ) is a regency of Lampung , Indonesia .
The Devonshire Street Cemetery ( also known incorrectly as the Brickfield Cemetery or Sandhills Cemetery ) was located between Eddy Avenue and Elizabeth Street , and between Chalmers and Devonshire Streets , at Brickfield Hill , in Sydney , Australia .
Basilian monastery , Buchach ( Ukrainian : Бучацький монастир оо. Василіян ) is a monastery in Buchach , Ternopil Oblast , Ukraine .
Uusikaupunki ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈuːsiˌkɑupuŋki ) , Swedish : Nystad ) , is a town and municipality of Finland .
Muzeul Memoriei Neamului ( Romanian ; Museum of National Memory ) is a museum in Chişinău , Moldova , dedicated to the victims of the Soviet occupation of Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina , and to commemorating anti - communist resistance in the region .
Elmalı is a town and district in Antalya Province , the Mediterranean region of Turkey .
There are three huts which provide accommodation to mountaineers on the Wapta Icefield that are operated by the Alpine Club of Canada .
Khudat ( also , Xudat and Khudaf ) is a town in the Caspian lowlands located in the northern section of Azerbaijan .
Kobylasz ( kɔˈbɨlaʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Linia , within Wejherowo County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kashiwa - Tanaka Station ( 柏たなか駅 , Kashiwa - Tanaka - eki ) is a train station in Kashiwa , Chiba Prefecture , Japan .
The Thác Bà Lake ( Hồ Thác Bà ) is a manmade lake in Vietnam created by construction of the Thác Bà hydroelectric plant in the 1960s .
The Buduroi River is a tributary of the Valea Viei River , located in Romania .
The Vaksala Runestone , designated as U 961 under the Rundata catalog , is a Viking Age memorial runestone that is located close to Vaksala Church , near Uppsala , Sweden .
The Capitán FAP Renán Elías Olivera Airport ( IATA : PIO , ICAO : SPSO ) is an airport near Pisco in Peru .
Jerneja Vas ( pronounced ( jɛɾˈnɛːja ˈʋaːs ) or ( jɛɾˈneːja ˈʋaːs ) ; Slovene : Jerneja vas , German : Jerneisdorf ) is a small settlement southwest of the town of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Later , in 1950 - -51 , it grew to add Jangpura Extension to accommodate many of the refugees who arrived in Delhi at the time of Partition of India .
Pekatahi is a small locality south of Whakatane in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Lake Chagan ( or Lake Balapan ) , Kazakhstan , is a lake created by the Chagan nuclear test fired on January 15 , 1965 , part of the Nuclear Explosions for the National Economy .
Blučići ( Cyrillic : Блучићи ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Great Darling Anabranch , commonly called the Darling Anabranch , is an anabranch and ancestral path of the Darling River in the lower Murray - Darling Basin in Australia .
Auckland Art Gallery Toi o Tāmaki is the principal public gallery in Auckland , New Zealand , and has the most extensive collection of national and international art in New Zealand .
Ogrodno ( ɔˈɡrɔdnɔ ) ( German : Kavelsberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Połczyn - Zdrój , within Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
Santo Crucifixo is a freguesia ( civil parish ) of Cape Verde .
The Molodohvardiiska coal mine ( Ukrainian : Шахта `` Молодогвардійська '' ) is a large coal mine located in the southeast of Ukraine in Luhansk Oblast .
Recalada a Bahía Blanca Light , also known as Monte Hermoso Light or simply Recalada Light ( lit . landfall ) , is an active lighthouse in Monte Hermoso , Buenos Aires Province , Argentina , marking the entrance to the Bahía Blanca .
Tuse Church is located near Holbæk in northwestern Sealand , Denmark .
Obrzycko ( ɔˈbʐɨt͡skɔ ) ( German : Obersitzko ) is a town in Szamotuły County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , with 2,172 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Jūrkalne parish ( Latvian : Jūrkalnes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Ventspils Municipality , Latvia .
Warrnambool Airport ( IATA : WMB , ICAO : YWBL ) is located 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ; 6.9 mi ) northwest of Warrnambool , Victoria in Australia .
Altena ( pronunciation ) is a town in the district of Märkischer Kreis , North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Cardinham ( Cornish : Kardhinan ) ( the spelling ' Cardynham ' is almost obsolete ) is a civil parish and a village in mid Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sorokdo ( Sorok island ) is an island in Goheung , Jeolla , South Korea .
The Yberg is a mountain of Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
The Paris Port Dover Pipe Band is a community and competitive pipe band representing Brant and Norfolk counties in southern Ontario , Canada .
The Port of Istanbul is a passenger terminal for cruise liners , which is situated at Karaköy neighborhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Kandilli Anatolian High School for Girls ( Turkish : Kandilli Kız Anadolu Lisesi ) is a secondary educational institution located in the Kandilli neighborhood of Üsküdar district in Istanbul , Turkey .
Stockholmsgade ( literally `` Stockholm Street '' ) is a mainly residential street in central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Zin Kesh ( Persian : زينكش‎ , also Romanized as Zīn Kesh ) is a village in Qurigol Rural District , in the Central District of Bostanabad County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Cremorne Point is a harbourside suburb on the lower North Shore of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
The city is famous for the location of the Granja Comary Football Complex which headquarters the Brazil national football team and the Brazilian Football Confederation .
Šiauliai Arena is the largest arena in Šiauliai , Lithuania .
Filipinki were the first Polish all - girl vocal group and also Poland 's leading female band of the 1960s .
Thatcher Peninsula was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place - Names Committee ( UK - APC ) in 1991 , at the suggestion of members of the Royal Geographical Society , after Margaret Thatcher , British Prime Minister , 1979 - 1990 .
Bagh - e Yasam ( Persian : باغ ياسم‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Yāsam ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Bow Island Airport , ( TC LID : CEF3 ) , is located 1 nautical mile ( 1.9 km ; 1.2 mi ) northeast of Bow Island , Alberta , Canada .
Xilitla is a municipality ( Spanish : municipio ) and town in the state of San Luis Potosí , in the Huasteca region of Mexico .
Qezel Qabr ( Persian : قزل قبر‎ ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Selvazzano Dentro is a comune ( municipality ) in the province of Padua , Veneto , northeast Italy , located about 40 kilometres ( 25 mi ) west of Venice and about 8 kilometres ( 5 mi ) southwest of Padua .
Baghopara is a village and it is located at the Gokul union of Bogra , Bangladesh .
Bandar Pirshahi ( Persian : بندرپيرشاهي‎ , also Romanized as Bandar Pīrshāhī ) is a village in Rezvan Rural District , Jebalbarez District , Jiroft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Central Jail Sahiwal is an ancient Jail situated in Sahiwal , Pakistan .
Bilisht ( Albanian : Bilisht ; Macedonian : Билишта , Bilišta ) is a town and a former municipality in Korçë County , south - eastern Albania .
Justiniškės , located in western edge of Vilnius , is one of the newest districts in the capital of Lithuania .
Clear Island or Cape Clear Island ( officially known by its Irish name : Cléire , and sometimes also called Oileán Chléire ) lies south west of County Cork in Ireland .
Habala ( Arabic:حبلة ) is a small mountain village in ' Asir Region of Saudi Arabia .
Urkovići ( Cyrillic : Урковићи ) is a village in the municipality of Bratunac , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Lake Tourouvre has been artificially formed in 1950 by damming the Saint - Maurice River with the La Trenche Generating Station built at southeast of the lake , north of La Tuque , in the administrative region of Mauricie , in Quebec , in Canada .
Kalateh - ye Hamid ( Persian : كلاته حميد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ḩamīd ; also known as Kalāteh - ye Khān ( Persian : كلاته خان ) and Kalāteh Khān ) is a village in Jannatabad Rural District , Salehabad District , Torbat - e Jam County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Pulkkila is a former municipality and a village located in Northern Finland .
Beit Ha'Chidush ( meaning House of Renewal in Hebrew ) ( BHC ) is a Jewish congregation founded in 1995 in Amsterdam , Netherlands , by Jews who at that time did n't feel at home anymore in the existing Jewish congregations .
The KNTV Show is an educational television programme that was broadcast on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom beginning in 2006 , which taught about science , and philosophy ( on its sister show KNTV - Philosophy ) .
Shepley is the home to one of the United Kingdom 's largest bottled water companies , aptly named ' Shepley Spring ' .
Skärva House ( Swedish : Skärva herrgård ) is a manor house in Blekinge , Sweden .
Mariana Grajales Airport ( IATA : GAO , ICAO : MUGT ) is an airport serving Guantánamo , a city in Cuba .
The Anston / Dinnington Area , in South Yorkshire , England , is an area included in the United Kingdom Census 2001 .
Laheys Tramway was a private timber railway in South East Queensland , Australia .
Jamaica Inn is a traditional inn on Bodmin Moor in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
Padarvand - e Sofla ( Persian : پادروندسفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Pādarvand - e Soflá ; also known as Bādervand - e Soflá and Pā Darband ) is a village in Rumiani Rural District , Suri District , Rumeshkhan County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
The Tunnel of Eupalinos or Eupalinian aqueduct ( Modern Greek : Efpalinio orygma , Ευπαλίνειο όρυγμα ) is a tunnel of 1,036 m ( 3,399 ft ) length in Samos , Greece , built in the 6th century BC to serve as an aqueduct .
Trzeszczyn ( ˈtʂɛʂt͡ʂɨn ) ( formerly German Trestin ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Police , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Tomašnica is a small village in the Republic of Croatia , in Karlovac County .
Kfarshakhna , Kfrchakhna , or Kafarchakhna ( Arabic : كفرشخنا‎ ) is a small village in the region of North Lebanon , with an estimated population of not more than 100 people .
Lukavets ( Ukrainian : Лукавець ) is a village ( selo ) in Brodivskyi Raion , Lviv Oblast , in western Ukraine .
Lake Manantali is a large artificial lake , formed by the 1989 construction of the Manantali Dam , on the Bafing River in Mali .
Ludźmierz ( ˈlud͡ʑmjɛʂ ) is a village in Poland in the Lesser Poland voivodeship , in the county of Nowy Targ .
Assa - Gueyla Airport ( ICAO : HDAG ) is an airstrip serving the village of ` Assa Gaila in the Tadjourah Region of Djibouti .
Namcha Barwa Himal , also known as Namjagbarwa syntaxis or Namjagbarwa Group Complex , is the easternmost section of the Himalaya in southeastern Tibet and northeastern India .
Nirmala Convent Higher Secondary School is a Catholic school located in Sironj , Madhya Pradesh , India .
Wajsnory ( vai̯sˈnɔrɨ ) ( German : Weischnuren ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartoszyce , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Pyongyang Station ( Korean : 평양역 ) is the central railway station of Pyongyang , North Korea .
Gorkhaland Territorial Administration ( GTA ) is a semi - autonomous administrative body for the Darjeeling hills in West Bengal , India .
Otukpo is a town in Benue State , Nigeria located in the Middle Belt Region of Nigeria .
Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia 's southeastern county of Voru , close to the border with Latvia .
Jebel Sherif ( Arabic : جبل شريف‎ , Jabal ash Sherif ) is a mountain in southeastern Libya , about 130 km southwest of Kufra .
Bronczany ( brɔnˈt͡ʂanɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny , within Białystok County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Neuhausen am Rheinfall ( which was officially called Neuhausen until 1938 ) is a municipality in the canton of Schaffhausen in Switzerland .
Abu Rudeis Airport ( IATA : AUE ) is an airport serving Abu Rudeis , Egypt , a city in the Sinai Peninsula on the Gulf of Suez .
Klewków ( ˈklɛfkuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łowicz , within Łowicz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Preska nad Kostrevnico ( pronounced ( ˈpɾeːska nat kɔˈstɾeːu̯nitsɔ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Šmartno pri Litiji in central Slovenia .
Penguily ( Breton : Pengilli , Gallo : Pengili ) is a commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Khachindorbatly ( Azerbaijani : Xaçındərbətli , Armenian : Արմենակավան / Armenakavan ) is a village in the Agdam Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Neuroofen is a small hamlet of around 25 people in the Stechlin district of Germany .
Studio Disney ( originally Studio D ) was a show that aired on Disney Channel Asia , Disney Channel Australia , and Disney Channel ( India ) .
The IAE Nice ( Institut d'Administration des Entreprises de Nice ) is a business school in the South of France , part of Nice University .
Nanhua Dam ( Chinese : 南化水庫 ; pinyin : Nánhuà Shuǐkù ) , originally named Houjie Dam , is a dam across the Houku River , a tributary of the Tsengwen River in southern Taiwan .
Budalin is a town in Budalin Township , Monywa District , Sagaing Division in Burma ( Myanmar ) .
Hesar Darreh ( Persian : حصاردره‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār Darreh ; also known as Hasan Darreh and Ḩeşār Deh ) is a village in Zalian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Mustikuntla is the largest village in Bonakal ( Mandal ) in Khammam district , in Andhra Pradesh , India .
Foza ( Cimbrian : Vüsche ) is a town in the province of Vicenza , Veneto , Italy .
Tuzovsky ( Russian : Тузовский ) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula , Russia .
Ain Erreggada is a town in Berkane Province , Oriental , Morocco .
Rosenholm Castle ( Danish : Rosenholm Slot ) is Denmark 's oldest family - owned castle , and is one of the best - preserved complexes from the golden age of the manor house -- from 1550 to 1630 .
Nuchavan ( Persian : نوچوان‎ , also Romanized as Nūchavān ) is a village in Melkari Rural District , Vazineh District , Sardasht County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Calimaya is a town and municipality located just south of Toluca , the capital of the State of Mexico in central Mexico .
The Broadview Hawks is an Australian rules football club based in the Broadview area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
Friedenau is a locality ( Ortsteil ) within the borough ( Bezirk ) of Tempelhof - Schöneberg in Berlin , Germany .
Kalleh Garmak ( Persian : كله گرمك‎ ; also known as Kalleh Garmak - e Bālā ) is a village in Kahnuk Rural District , Irandegan District , Khash County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Bojnik Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Бојник / Aerodrom Bojnik ) , also known as Kosančić Airport ( Serbian : Аеродром Косанчић / Aerodrom Kosančić ) , is a military airport in the village of Kosančić , near the Bojnik , Serbia .
Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts ( Czech : Janáčkova akademie múzických umění v Brně ; abbreviation in Czech : JAMU ) is a university - level school in Brno in the Czech Republic .
Ruski Krstur ( Serbian Cyrillic : Руски Крстур , Rusyn : Руски Керестур ) is a village in Vojvodina , Serbia .
Hässelby is a Swedish town that is a part of Hässelby - Vällingby in the city of Stockholm , Sweden , comprising the suburban areas Hässelby Gård , Hässelby Strand and Hässelby Villastad .
Radhanagari Wildlife Sanctuary is a wildlife sanctuary located in Radhanagari Taluka of Kolhapur district , Maharashtra state India .
Cleveland Point Light , also known as Point Cleveland Light , is a lighthouse located on the north - eastern tip of Cleveland Point , at Cleveland , a suburb approximately 25 kilometres ( 16 mi ) east - south - east of Brisbane , Australia .
Karnobat ( Bulgarian : Карнобат ) is a town in the Burgas Province , Southeastern Bulgaria .
Białogród - Kolonia ( bjaˈwɔɡrut kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew , within Konin County , Greater Poland Voivodeship , in west - central Poland .
Runirgod District is a district in the southeastern Middle Shabelle ( Shabeellaha Dhexe ) region of Somalia .
Trąbki Wielkie ( ˈtrɔmpki ˈvjɛlkʲɛ ) ( German : Groß Trampken ) is a village in Gdańsk County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Kaliveli Lake , or Kaliveli Lagoon , is a coastal lake and lagoon with wetlands in the Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu state , in eastern South India .
Bonțida ( Romanian pronunciation : ( bonˈt͡sida ) ; Hungarian : Bonchida , pronounced ( ˈbont͡shidɒ ) , transl . `` Bonc 's bridge '' ; German : Bonisbruck ) is a commune in Cluj County , Romania .
Shahid Beheshti Training Camp ( Persian : پادگان آموزشي شهيدبهشتي‎‎ -- Pādegān Āmūzeshī - ye Shahīd Beheshtī ) is a village and military installation in Jey Rural District , in the Central District of Isfahan County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Akhundzadeh ( Persian : آخوند زاده‎ , also Romanized as Ākhūndzādeh ) is a village in Jahanabad Rural District , in the Central District of Hirmand County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Jalan Parit Hamid - Parit Botak ( Johor state route J9 ) is a major road in Johor , Malaysia
Castillo de Belmez is a small fortress located in Bélmez , northwest of Córdoba , in the Province of Córdoba , Spain .
The Gete ( French : Gette ) is a river in Belgium which flows south to north .
The Sørup runestone ( Danish : Sørup - stenen ) is a runestone from Sørup close by Svendborg on southern Funen in Denmark .
Bavel District ( Khmer : ស្រុកបវេល ) is a district ( srok ) of Battambang Province , in north - western Cambodia .
Muttenz ( Swiss German : Muttez ) is a municipality with a population of approximately 17,000 in the canton of Basel - Country in Switzerland .
Baradene College of the Sacred Heart is a Catholic high school for girls aged from 11 to 18 ( Year 7 - 13 ) located in Remuera , Auckland , New Zealand .
The village of Hampstead has more millionaires within its boundaries than any other area of the United Kingdom .
Malbork ( ˈmalbɔrk ) ( German : Marienburg ( listen ) ; Latin : Civitas Beatae Virginis ) is a town in northern Poland in the Żuławy region ( Vistula delta ) , with 38,478 inhabitants ( 2006 ) .
The Rock of Cashel ( Irish : Carraig Phádraig ) , also known as Cashel of the Kings and St. Patrick 's Rock , is a historic site located at Cashel , County Tipperary , Ireland .
San Miguel Sigüilá ( Spanish pronunciation : ( san miˈɣel siɣwiˈla ) ) is a municipality in the Quetzaltenango department of Guatemala .
Szczekarków - Kolonia ( ʂt͡ʂɛˈkarkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wilków , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
`` Lofsöngur '' ( `` Hymn '' ) , also known as `` Ó Guð vors lands '' ( `` O , God of Our Land '' ) , is the national anthem of Iceland .
At the time , sports in Germany was dominated by nationalistic gymnastics organizations , and under pressure from that sport 's governing authority , the gymnasts and footballers went their separate ways again in 1927 , as Turngemeinde Eintracht Frankfurt von 1861 and Sportgemeinde Eintracht Frankfurt ( FFV ) von 1899 .
Thomas Hassall Anglican College is an independent , Anglican , co - educational , day school , located in Midedelton Grange , a suburb of Sydney , New South Wales , Australia .
Kawempe General Hospital , also known as Kawempe General Referral Hospital , is a hospital , under construction in Uganda , the third - largest economy in the East African Community .
Greek National Road 20 ( Greek : Εθνική Οδός 20 , abbreviated as EO20 ) is a single carriageway road in northwestern Greece .
The Ubud Monkey Forest is a nature reserve and Hindu temple complex in Ubud , Bali , Indonesia .
Punat is a municipality in the Primorje - Gorski Kotar County in western Croatia on the island of Krk .
Hoseyn Qeshlaqi Gurabazlu ( Persian : حسين قشلاقي گورابازلو‎ , also Romanized as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī Gūrābāzlū ; also known as Ḩoseyn Qeshlāqī ) is a village in Aslan Duz Rural District , Aslan Duz District , Parsabad County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Ruteng is a small town towards the western end of Flores Island , Indonesia .
Lunahuaná is a small village in the Cañete Province in Peru .
Ejisu is a small town and is the capital of Ejisu - Juaben Municipal , a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana .
Southern Konnevesi National Park ( Finnish : Etelä - Konneveden kansallispuisto ) is situated in the Finnish Lakeland on the border of the regions Central Finland and Northern Savonia , in the municipalities of Konnevesi and Rautalampi .
Szczytno ( ˈʂt͡ʂɨtnɔ ) ( German : Ortelsburg ) is a town in north - eastern Poland with 27,970 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Nowe Mosty ( ˈnɔvɛ ˈmɔstɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łasin , within Grudziądz County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Gietrzwałd ( Polish pronunciation : ( ɟɛtʂˈvawt ) ; German : Dietrichswalde ) is a village in northeastern Poland located in Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , near Olsztyn .
Taman Safari Indonesia or simply Taman Safari are safari parks in Bogor at West Java , in Mount Arjuno at East Java , and in Bali Safari and Marine Park at Bali .
Greater Rosario is the metropolitan area of the city of Rosario , in the province of Santa Fe , Argentina .
Doctor Juan Manuel Frutos is a town in the Caaguazú department of Paraguay .
The Cimetière du Château in Nice , France , is the burial site for notables such as :
Žamberk ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈʒambɛrk ) ; German : Senftenberg ) is a town in the Ústí nad Orlicí District , Pardubice Region of the Czech Republic .
The Oderbruch ( from Middle High German brouch meaning a marshy ground , swamp or moor ; bruch is related to the English term brook ) is a landscape at the Oder river in eastern Germany on the Polish border .
Tolkamer is a village near Lobith in the municipality of Rijnwaarden in the province of Gelderland , the Netherlands .
Exmouth Gulf is a gulf in the north - west of Western Australia .
Halinovići ( Cyrillic : Халиновићи ) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Berżałowce ( bɛrʐaˈwɔft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sejny , within Sejny County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania .
The Basilica Argentaria is a portico with pillars lining the Temple of Venus Genetrix in the Forum of Caesar in Rome ( Italy ) .
Hraunhreppur was formerly a rural parish ( hreppur ) in Mýrasýsla county , west Iceland .
Mutasa South is a constituency of Zimbabwe .
Namada Chilume ( pronounced naamada chilume ' in Kannada ) is a natural spring situated by Devarayanadurga , near Tumkur in the state of Karnataka in India .
The Arctic Fox Center ( Icelandic : Melrakkasetur ) is a research center with an enclosed exhibition and café in the municipality Súðavík in the Westfjords in Iceland .
The Sennelager Training Area ( German : Truppenübungsplatz Senne ) is a military training area in Germany under the control of British Forces based in Paderborn Garrison .
Bialik Hebrew Day School ( בית ספר יומי על שם ח . נ . ביאליק ) is a private , Jewish day school located in Toronto , Canada .
Pasca is a town and municipality in the Cundinamarca department of Colombia located over the Andes mountains .
Nowy Ujków ( ˈnɔvɨ ˈui̯kuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesław , within Olkusz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Herøy Church ( Norwegian : Herøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Herøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Orocue Airport ( IATA : ORC , ICAO : SKOE ) is an airport serving Orocue , a town and municipality in the department of Casanare in Colombia .
Wiślica ( viˈɕlit͡sa ) is a village in Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Bettystown railway station ( Irish : Baile an Bhiataigh ) was a railway station in County Meath , Ireland , on the Dublin and Drogheda Railway line , serving the village of Bettystown .
Samode Palace , Samode Haveli and Samode Bagh ( Garden ) are heritage monuments and structures built by the noble feudatory with the hereditary title of ' Maha Rawal ' or ' Maha Saheb '' of the Amber and Jaipur principality in Rajasthan , India .
Stary Szor ( ˈstarɨ ˈʂɔr ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokółka , within Sokółka County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Belarus .
Arradon ( Aradon in Breton ) is a commune in the Morbihan department in the Brittany region in northwestern France .
Province officials of Pampanga are in high hopes that through the Sinukwan Festival , their vision of making Pampanga a premier tourism destination in the Philippines succeed , and see other provinces join them in celebrating , even compete in the events of the festival , letting the Kapampangans warmly share their own art and culture .
Veliko Tinje ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlikɔ ˈtiːnjɛ ) ) is a village in the Pohorje Hills in the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Siah Kuh - e Sofla ( Persian : سياه كوه سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sīāh Kūh - e Soflá ) is a village in Do Dehak Rural District , in the Central District of Delijan County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gabazeleh ( Persian : گابازله‎ , also Romanized as Gābāzeleh and Gabāzeleh ; also known as Kābāzaleh ) is a village in Mokriyan - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Vadiče ( pronounced ( ˈʋaːditʃɛ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Tržič in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Ruapehu District is a territorial authority in the centre of New Zealand 's North Island .
Chah - e Banan - e Vasat ( Persian : چاه بنان وسط‎ , also Romanized as Chāh - e Banān - e Vasaṭ ; also known as Chāhbanān ) is a village in Chah Dadkhoda Rural District , Chah Dadkhoda District , Qaleh Ganj County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Dvergsøya is an island in the Kristiansandsfjord off Kristiansand , Norway .
Ammar Popular Film Festival ( APFF ) , is held in Tehran , Iran and showcases international documentary film , fictions , animations , clips , music videos , photo albums and other kinds of media with a focus on social and economic issues .
Buna Airfield was an aerodrome located near Buna , Papua New Guinea .
The Ried Glacier ( German : Riedgletscher ) is a 6 km long glacier ( 2005 ) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland .
The 25th Nova Scotia general election was held on 8 October 1963 to elect members of the 48th House of Assembly of the Province of Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Château de Saint - Just is a Renaissance castle with a park located in the Commune of Saint - Just near the town of Vernon in the Eure Department , in the region of upper Normandy , France .
Al Zallaq ( Arabic : الزلاق‎ ) is a village on the western coast of Bahrain .
The Yixun River ( simplified Chinese : 伊逊河 ; traditional Chinese : 伊遜河 ; pinyin : Yīxùn Hé ) is a subsidiary of Luan He , a river located in Hebei , a province of the People 's Republic of China .
Khvosh Hava ( Persian : خوش هوا‎ , also Romanized as Khvosh Havā ; also known as Khoshharā , Khushwar , and Khvoshābād ) is a village in Tabadkan Rural District , in the Central District of Mashhad County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
El - Tarif ( Arabic : إلطارف ‎ aṭ - Ṭārif ) is a necropolis on the West Bank of the Nile at Thebes , Egypt .
Manlot ( historically Labno Islet ) is an uninhabited island - barangay in northeastern Iloilo , Philippines .
Karlbergskanalen ( Swedish for `` Canal of Karlberg '' ) is a canal in western central Stockholm , Sweden .
Kranji is a suburb in northwestern Singapore , located about 22 kilometres ( 14 mi ) from the city centre .
Changqing District ( simplified Chinese : 长清区 ; traditional Chinese : 長清區 ; pinyin : Chángqīng Qū ) is one of six districts of Jinan , the capital of Shandong province , People 's Republic of China , covering part of the southwestern suburbs .
Wola Kisielska ( ˈvɔla kiˈɕelska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek Łukowski , within Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Otevan ( Armenian : Օթևան ) ; formerly known as Bashsis and Baysuz is a village in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Lockhart River Airport ( IATA : IRG , ICAO : YLHR ) ( also known as Iron Range Airport ) is an airport in Lockhart River , Queensland , Australia , located approximately 800 km ( 500 mi ) north of Cairns on the eastern coast of Cape York Peninsula .
Dareg - e Zamin ( Persian : درگ زمين‎ , also Romanized as Dareg - e Zamīn ; also known as Dareqzamīn ) is a village in Jakdan Rural District , in the Central District of Bashagard County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Kampong Trabaek District ( Khmer : ស្រុកកំពង់ត្របែក ) is a district located in Prey Veng Province , in south eastern Cambodia .
Coudekerque - Village ( Dutch : Koudekerke - Dorp ) is a former commune of the Nord department in northern France .
Muráň ( earlier Podmuráň , German : Untermuran , Hungarian : Murányalja ) is a village and municipality in Revúca District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia .
Wólka Nieliska ( ˈvulka ɲeˈliska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nielisz , within Zamość County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Golczew ( ˈɡɔlt͡ʂɛf ) ( German : Golzow ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz , within Myślibórz County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland .
The Left - Green Movement ( Icelandic : Vinstrihreyfingin -- grænt framboð , also known by its acronym VG ) is a left - wing political party in Iceland .
Rakhiv ( Ukrainian : Рáхів ) is a city located in Zakarpattia Oblast ( province ) in western Ukraine .
Fitzroy Island National Park is a gazetted protected area covering Fitzroy Island , in Far North Queensland , Queensland , Australia .
The Imatong Mountains ( also Immatong , or rarely Matonge ) are located in the state of Eastern Equatoria in southeastern South Sudan , and extend into the Northern Region of Uganda .
Spånga - Tensta is a borough ( stadsdelsområde ) in Stockholm , Sweden located in the north .
Taichung Intercontinental Baseball Stadium ( Chinese : 臺中市洲際棒球場 ) is located in Taichung , the third largest city in Taiwan .
Yarsa is a village development committee in Rasuwa District in the Bagmati Zone of northern Nepal .
Skerhólmur is a small islet in the middle of Sørvágsfjørður on the island of Vágar , Faroe Islands .
According to the Census of India 2001,Total Population of Jaipatna was 108,531.where 49 % of male and 51 % of female living .
Ułomie ( uˈwɔmjɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobre , within Radziejów County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
Krivi Vrh ( pronounced ( ˈkɾiːvi ˈʋəɾx ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Sveta Ana in the Slovene Hills in northeastern Slovenia .
Jezus - Eik ( in French : Notre - Dame - au - Bois ) is a village in the municipality of Overijse in the province of Flemish Brabant , the Belgium .
Francis Douglas Memorial College ( or FDMC ) is an all - boys state integrated Catholic school with boarding facilities located in Westown , New Plymouth , New Zealand .
Pamiątkowice ( pamjɔntkɔˈvit͡sɛ ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sulęcin , within Sulęcin County , Lubusz Voivodeship , in western Poland .
Hnyly Tikych ( Ukrainian : Гнилий Тікич ) is a river in Ukraine , 157 km in length , a right tributary of the Tikych , the basin of Southern Bug .
Troarn is a commune in the Calvados in the Basse - Normandie region in northwestern France .
Delta FM was a United Kingdom local radio station , broadcasting to East Hampshire , South West Surrey and North West Sussex .
Paungdale ` is a small town about 12 miles from Pyay and 13 miles from Pauk Khaung ေပါက္ေခါင္း in Myanmar .
Brantingtorget ( Swedish : `` Square of Branting '' ) is the courtyard of the so - called Kanslihusannexet ( `` Annex of the Chancellery '' ) , acting as one of the public squares in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Härjedalen ( Swedish pronunciation : ( ˈhærjəˈdɑːlən ) ; Norwegian : Herjedalen , pronounced ( ˈhærjəˈdɑːlən ) ) is a historical province or landskap in the centre of Sweden .
The Scorched Earth Operation refers to events in September 1999 in East Timor .
Sopot ( ˈsɔpɔt ) ( Kashubian : Sopòt ; German : Zoppot ( listen ) ) is a seaside resort town in Eastern Pomerania on the southern coast of the Baltic Sea in northern Poland , with a population of approximately 40,000 .
Opolzneve ( Ukrainian : Оползневе ; Russian : Оползневое ; Crimean Tatar : Kikineiz ) is a village in the Yalta Municipality of the Autonomous Republic of Crimea , a territory recognized by a majority of countries as part of Ukraine and annexed by Russia as the Republic of Crimea .
Oupyakadi was a Roman Catholic mission station in southern Angola , located ca .
The Madurankuliya Wind Farm ( also known as Narakkaliya Wind Farm , after its location ) is a 12 MW wind farm located in Narakkaliya , bordering the Lakvijaya Power Station , in Narakkaliya , Puttalam , Sri Lanka .
Wilsons Promontory Lighthouse is situated on South East Point , Wilsons Promontory , Victoria , Australia .
Boorta ( Persian : بورتا ‎ ) is a village in Tamin Rural District , in the Mirjaveh of Zahedan County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Vafeika ( Greek : Βαφέικα , also Βαφαίικα ) is a settlement located approximately four kilometers from Genisea in the Xanthi regional unit of Greece .
Siaqul - e Sofla ( Persian : سياقول سفلي‎ , also Romanized as Sīāqūl - e Soflá ; also known as Sīāh Gol - e Pā’īn ) is a village in Mangur - e Sharqi Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
R v George , 1960 S.C.R. 871 is a leading Supreme Court of Canada on different degrees of mens rea .
The Museum of Stamps and Coins is located in the Fontvieille section of Monaco .
The Shestakovskaya Svita is a geological formation in Mongolia and eastern Russia whose strata date back to the Early Cretaceous .
Padmanabhapuram was the erstwhile capital of the princely state of Travancore in India .
Cyców - Kolonia Druga ( ˈt͡sɨt͡suf kɔˈlɔɲa ˈdruɡa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cyców , within Łęczna County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Abeh - ye Now ( Persian : ابه نو‎ , also Romanized as Ābeh - ye Now ) is a village in Lajran Rural District , in the Central District of Garmsar County , Semnan Province , Iran .
It is governed by one of the most revered traders associations in Nigeria , the Onitsha Market Traders Association ( OMATA ) .
Dowreh County ( Do Râh Persian : شهرستان دوره‎‎ , and Chegeni County Persian : شهرستان چگني‎‎ ) , is a county in Lorestan Province in Iran .
Johanneshovsbron ( Swedish : `` The Johanneshov Bridge '' ) is a 756 metres long and 17,9 metres wide road bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Peyrilles ( French pronunciation : ​(peRij ) ) is a commune in the Lot department in south - western France .
Jutrzyna ( juˈtʂɨna ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiązów , within Strzelin County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Aghberk ( Armenian : Աղբերք , also Romanized as Aghberq ; formerly , Agbulakh , Agbulag , Aghbulagh , and Agbulalakh ) is a village in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Cotonou Cadjehoun Airport ( IATA : COO , ICAO : DBBB ) is an airport in Cotonou , the largest city in Benin in West Africa .
Rzędziny ( ʐɛnˈd͡ʑinɨ ) ( formerly German Nassenheide ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Tarazona Cathedral ( Catedral de Nuestra Señora de la Huerta de Tarazona , originally Iglesia de Nuestra Señora de la Hidria or Nuestra Señora de la Huerta o de la Vega ) is situated in Tarazona , Zaragoza province , region of Aragon , Spain .
The Prix Décembre , originally known as the Prix Novembre , is one of France 's premier literary awards .
Niederstocken is a former municipality in the administrative district of Thun in the canton of Bern in Switzerland .
Manouchehri House is a historic house in Kashan , Iran , now in use as a hotel .
The Rietberg Museum is a museum in Zürich , Switzerland , displaying Asian , African , American and Oceanian art . It is the only art museum of non - European cultures in Switzerland , the third - largest museum in Zürich , and the largest to be run by the city itself .
Tõstamaa is a small borough ( Estonian : alevik ) in Pärnu County , southwestern Estonia .
The Kuosheng Nuclear Power Plant or Guosheng Nuclear Power Plant ( 國聖核能發電廠 or 核二 ) is a nuclear power plant in Wanli , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Banatska Dubica ( Serbian Cyrillic : Банатска Дубица ) is a village in Serbia .
Takaoka Dam ( Japanese : 高岡ダム ) is a dam in Miyazaki Prefecture , Japan , completed in 1932 .
The Shia Masjid ( literally meaning ' Shia Mosque ' ) is one of the largest Shia mosques in the mainly Shi'ite populated area of Islampura in the city of Lahore , Pakistan .
Shajapur is a City in Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh state in west - central India .
Liepāja Museum is the largest museum in the historical region of Courland , Latvia and possesses more than 100,000 articles , but in the halls of the museum you can see 1,500 exhibits .
The Abbey of Santa Maria in Sylvis ( Italian : Abbazia di Santa Maria in Sylvis ) is a monastery in the centre of Sesto al Reghena , in the province of Pordenone , north - eastern Italy .
J.M. Olds Collegiate is a high school located in Twillingate , Newfoundland and Labrador , Canada .
San Matías Airport ( Spanish : Aeropuerto San Matías , IATA : MQK , ICAO : SLTI ) is a public use airport located near San Matías , Santa Cruz , Bolivia .
The 2012 Kamaishi earthquake occurred near the city of Kamaishi , Japan , on December 7 .
The Botataung Pagoda ( Burmese : ဗိုလ်တထောင်ဘုရား ( bòtətʰàʊɴ pʰəjá ) ; also spelled Botahtaung ; literally `` 1000 military officers '' ) is a famous pagoda located in downtown Yangon , Myanmar , near the Yangon river .
Matimba Power Station close to Ellisras , Limpopo Province , South Africa , is a coal - fired power plant operated by Eskom .
Koldanuiyeh ( Persian : كلدانوئيه‎ , also Romanized as Koldānū’īyeh ) is a village in Javaran Rural District , Hanza District , Rabor County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Harduf ( Hebrew : הַרְדּוּף , lit . Oleander ) is a kibbutz in northern Israel .
Biała Piska ( ˈbʲawa ˈpʲiska ) ( German : Gehlen , later Bialla , 1938 - 1945 Gehlenburg ) is a town in Pisz County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , Poland , with 4,036 inhabitants ( 2004 ) .
Cavan railway station in Swellan in Cavan Town was a former station on the Inny Junction to Cavan branch of the Midland Great Western Railway , Ireland .
Kfar Sirkin or Kefar Syrkin ( Hebrew : כְּפַר סִירְקִין ) is a moshav in Israel within the municipal jurisdiction of the Drom HaSharon Regional Council near the city of Petah Tikva .
The Martin Luther Church ( Swedish : Martin Luthers kyrka ) is a church building in Nyhem in Halmstad , Sweden .
The Battle of Brémule was fought on 20 August 1119 between Henry I of England and Louis VI the Fat of France .
Monte Hermoso is a town located on the Atlantic coast of Argentina , some 100 km ( 62 mi ) east of the city of Bahía Blanca , in the south of the Province of Buenos Aires .
Pachalam is a place located near the city of Cochin , Kerala in India .
Asserbohus is a mansion and former hotel and school in Asserbo , Halsnæs Municipality , Denmark .
Hall Beach ( Inuktitut : Sanirajak ( the shoreline ) , Syllabics : ᓴᓂᕋᔭᒃ ) is an Inuit settlement within the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut , Canada , approximately 69 km ( 43 mi ) south of Igloolik .
Kerana Karina ( `` Because of Karina '' ) is the first web drama to be produced in Malaysia , screened at entertainment portal gua.com.my .
Before the Kommunalreformen ( `` The Municipality Reform '' of 2007 ) , Aabybro Municipality was a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in North Jutland County on the island of Vendsyssel - Thy , part of the Jutland peninsula , in northern Denmark .
Kobjeglava ( pronounced ( kɔbjɛˈɡlaːʋa ) ; Italian : Còbbia ) is a village west of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy .
Tsater ( Armenian : Ծաթեր , also romanized as Tsat’er ) is a town in the Lori Province of Armenia .
Guthrie Corridor Expressway , GCE , is an expressway in Klang Valley , Selangor , Malaysia .
Justvik ( also called Gjusvik ) is a village in the municipality of Kristiansand , Norway .
Bileća ( Serbian Cyrillic : Билећа ) is a town and municipality in East Herzegovina in Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Moeyan Hill is a small hill 2.4 km southeast of Berry on the South Coast of New South Wales , Australia .
La Roche - en - Ardenne is a Walloon municipality of Belgium located in the province of Luxembourg and the arrondissement of Marche - en - Famenne .
The Shivsagar Lake ( Hindi : Shivsagar ) , is a reservoir in the state of Maharashtra , India .
The Kaladan River ( Burmese : ကုလားတန်မြစ် , pronounced : ( kəládàɴ mjɪʔ ) ; also Beino , Bieno Bawinu , Tuipui , and Kolodyne ) is a river in eastern Mizoram State of India , and in Chin State and Rakhine State of western Myanmar .
Mahjan ( Persian : مه جان‎ , also Romanized as Mahjān and Mah Jān ; also known as Mahgān , Maigān , and Meygān ) is a village in Aspas Rural District , Sedeh District , Eqlid County , Fars Province , Iran .
Chajdyce ( xai̯ˈdɨt͡sɛ ) ( German : Neu Jerutten ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Świętajno , within Szczytno County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Wainuiomata High School is a state co - educational secondary school situated in Wainuiomata , a suburb of Lower Hutt , New Zealand .
Szprudowo ( ʂpruˈdɔvɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gniew , within Tczew County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Puebla ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpweβla ) ) , formally Heróica Puebla de Zaragoza and also known as Puebla City , is the seat of Puebla Municipality , the capital and largest city of the state of Puebla , and one of the five most important Spanish colonial cities in Mexico .
Malekoula Airport ( IATA : LPM , ICAO : NVSL ) , also known as Lamap Airport , is an airfield near Lamap on the island of Malekoula , in the Malampa province in Vanuatu .
The Adriatic railway ( Italian : Ferrovia Adriatica ) is the railroad from Ancona to Otranto that runs along the Adriatic Coast of Italy , following it almost all of the way .
Hellissandur is a village and part of the Snæfellsbær municipality at the northwestern tip of Snæfellsnes peninsula in western Iceland .
Harihar Airport ( ICAO : VO52 ) is the small private airport serving harihar , a city in the Karnataka state of India .
The 2010 World Short Track Speed Skating Championships took place between March 19 and March 21 , 2010 in Sofia , Bulgaria .
The Grosse Scheidegg is a mountain pass in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland , The pass crosses the col between the Schwarzhorn and the Wetterhorn mountains at an elevation of 1,962 m ( 6,437 ft ) .
Platåberget is a mountain in Nordenskiöld Land on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard , Norway .
Opalanki ( ɔpaˈlaŋki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków , within Zgierz County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
South West Africa People 's Organization ( SWAPO ) , ( ˈswɑːpəʊ ) , ( German : Südwestafrikanische Volksorganisation , SWAVO ; Afrikaans : Suidwes - Afrikaanse Volk - Organisasie , SWAVO ) , officially known as SWAPO Party of Namibia , is a political party and former national liberation movement in Namibia .
Rustai - ye Bandku ( Persian : روستاي بندکو‎ , also Romanized as Rūstāī - ye Bandkū ; also known as Bandkūh ) is a village in Deh Kahan Rural District , Aseminun District , Manujan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Nīkrāce parish ( Latvian : Nīkrāces pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Skrunda Municipality , Latvia .
Sværtegade is a street in the Old Town of Copenhagen , Denmark .
BCMaterials , which stands for Basque Center for Materials Applications & Nanostructures - BCMaterials Materials Fundazioa , is an autonomous research center located on the Basque Country , Spain .
Montelíbano is a town and municipality located in the Córdoba department , northern Colombia .
Saulkrasti ( pronunciation ; German : Neubad ) ( in translation from Latvian - Sun shores ) is a town in Latvia , which lies on the east coast of Gulf of Riga .
Bonson , Loire is a commune in the Loire department in central France .
The Free German Workers ' Party ( German : Freiheitliche Deutsche ArbeiterPartei , FAP ) was a neo - nazi political party in Germany .
Founded on 1 January 1950 , the institution merged with the Military Medical Academy of Łódź on 1 October 2002 , to form the Medical University of Łódź , known as a leading European research center and Poland 's largest hospital teaching unit .
Namdaemunno is a major thoroughfare in the central districts of Seoul , South Korea and a two - way road consisting of 8 lanes .
Biojoule Thermal Power Station is a 2 MW biogas - fired thermal power station in Kenya , the largest economy in East African Community .
Lammi Church is a medieval stone church located in Lammi , Hämeenlinna , Southern Finland .
The Virvytė River or Virvyčia River ( Samogitian : Virvītė ) is a river in Samogitia ( Šilalė , Telšiai and Mažeikiai districts ) , northwestern Lithuania .
A Fonsagrada is a town and municipality in the province of Lugo in the autonomous community of Galicia in northwest Spain which is 25 miles east - north - east of Lugo by road .
The Oluvil Harbour is a commercial and fishery harbour located in Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Strgonice ( Cyrillic : Стргонице ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Nakhara ( Russian : Нахара ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Nakharinsky Rural Okrug of Suntarsky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 140 kilometers ( 87 mi ) from Suntar , the administrative center of the district .
Dobropillia ( Ukrainian : Добропілля , Russian : Доброполье -- Dobropolye ) is a city of oblast significance in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of Ukraine .
Kivitoo , Nunavut is an abandoned Inuit community and a former whaling station on the northeast shore of Baffin Island in Nunavut , Canada .
The Museu da Tabanka or Tabanca is a museum in Assomada in the central part of the island of Santiago in Cape Verde that is related with music , notably the tabanka .
Hankavan ( Armenian : Հանքավան ) ; formerly known as Mikhaylovka , is a village and a summer resort in the Kotayk Province of Armenia along in the Marmarik River below the Pambak mountains range .
Kazan Aircraft Production Association ( KAPO ; Russian : Казанское авиационное производственное объединение имени С. П. Горбунова ) is an aircraft manufacturer based in Kazan , Russia .
Støren Church ( Norwegian : Støren kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Midtre Gauldal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Eau d'Heure lakes ( French : lacs de l'Eau d'Heure ) is a complex of five artificial lakes , forming the largest lake area in Belgium .
Chociwel ( xɔˈt͡ɕivɛl ) ( German : Freienwalde in Pommern ; Kashubian : Frinwôłd ) is a town in Poland , in West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in Stargard County .
Rud Kenar ( Persian : رودكنار‎ , also Romanized as Rūd Kenār ; also known as Rud - Kinar ) is a village in Dinachal Rural District , Pareh Sar District , Rezvanshahr County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Kleine Renne is a cascading mountain stream and officially designated natural monument near the town of Wernigerode in the Harz Mountains of Germany .
Torfavan ( Armenian : Տորֆավան ; formerly Kamishlu ) is a town in the Gegharkunik Province of Armenia .
Łabowa ( waˈbɔva ) ( Ukrainian : Лабова , Labova ) is a village in Nowy Sącz County , Lesser Poland Voivodeship , in southern Poland .
Chorten Kora is an important stupa next to the Kulong Chu River in Trashiyangtse , in East Bhutan .
Arsakeio Lyceum of Patras is a private high school in the suburb of Rio , Patras , Greece .
Jiban Bima Corporation ( JBC ) is the state - run life insurance provider in Bangladesh under the provisions of the Insurance Act 1938 , Insurance Rules 1958 , and related other laws enforceable in Bangladesh in Bangladesh Corporation Act 1973 .
Pleumeleuc ( Breton : Pleveleg , Gallo : Ploemenoec ) is a commune in the department of Ille - et - Vilaine in Brittany in the northwest of France .
The Kuiseb River in Namibia flows from the Khomas highlands west of Windhoek to Walvis Bay .
Abadkənd ( also , Abadkend and Dzhindyrly ) is a village and municipality in the Salyan Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Grande Côte is a stretch of coast in Senegal , running north from the Cap Vert peninsula to St - Louis .
Orexo is a pharmaceutical company based in Uppsala , Sweden initially financed with venture capital provided by HealthCap .
Ertso - Tianeti ( Georgian : ერწო-თიანეთი ) is a small historical - geographic area in eastern Georgia .
Lélouma is a town located in west central Guinea .
The Moszna Castle ( Polish : Pałac w Mosznej ) is a historic castle and residence located in a small village of Moszna in Poland .
Zhouning County ( simplified Chinese : 周宁县 ; traditional Chinese : 周寧縣 ; pinyin : Zhōuníng Xiàn ; Foochow Romanized : Ciŭ - nìng - gâing ) is a county of northeastern Fujian province , People 's Republic of China .
Topla Reber ( pronounced ( ˈtɔːpla ˈɾeːbəɾ ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia .
Røvær is an island group about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) northwest of Haugesund in Rogaland county , Norway .
Wallumbilla railway station is a disused station located on the Western line in Queensland , Australia .
Koluszki ( kɔˈluʂkʲi ) is a town , and a major railway junction , in Central Poland , in Łódź Voivodeship , about 20 km east of Łódź .
The Arboretum du Planel is an arboretum and nature preserve located near the Château d'Arques in Arques , Aude , Languedoc - Roussillon , France .
Asarama is a riverine community in Andoni , Rivers State , Nigeria .
The Canton of Rennes - le - Blosne is a former canton of France , in the Ille - et - Vilaine département , located in Rennes .
Pleigne is a municipality in the district of Delémont in the canton of Jura in Switzerland .
Ribarevina ( Montenegrin Cyrillic : Рибаревина ) , meaning place of fishermen in Older Slavic , is the name of a major crossroads in Montenegro , based in the north of the country in the Bijelo Polje municipality .
Luanshya is a town in Zambia , in the Copperbelt Province near Ndola .
Ramgarh Sardaran is a village in the Ludhiana district of Punjab , India .
Błomino - Gule ( bwɔˈminɔ ˈɡulɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Canadian Philosophical Association ( ACPA , French : L'Association canadienne de philosophie ) was founded in 1958 as a bilingual non - profit organization devoted to philosophy professionals in Canada .
Gyesan is a district of Gyeyang which is a ward of Incheon , South Korea .
Qarah Qassab ( Persian : قره قصاب‎ , also Romanized as Qarah Qaşşāb and Qareh Qaşşāb ) is a village in Almahdi Rural District , Mohammadyar District , Naqadeh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Egmore ( Tamil : எழும்பூர் ) is a neighbourhood of Chennai , India .
The Doge 's Palace ( Italian : Palazzo Ducale ) is a palace built in Venetian Gothic style , and one of the main landmarks of the city of Venice in northern Italy .
Prauzhda ( Bulgarian=Праужда ) is a village in Vidin Province in northwestern Bulgaria .
Caribbean Research and Management of Biodiversity Foundation ( previously The Caribbean Marine Biological Institute ; commonly referred to as CARMABI Foundation or just CARMABI ) is a research organization in Curaçao , former Netherlands Antilles .
Hulasu ( Persian : هولاسو‎ , also Romanized as Hūlāsū ; also known as Holah Sū , Hūleh Sū , and Hūlehsū ) is a village in Hulasu Rural District , in the Central District of Shahin Dezh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Waitotara School is a small state primary school situated in the rural village of Waitotara , located between Wanganui and Hawera , New Zealand on State Highway 3 .
The Trondheim Tramway in Trondheim , Norway , is the world 's most northerly tramway system , following the closure and dismantling of the Arkhangelsk tramways in Russia .
Uffing am Staffelsee ( officially , Uffing a . Staffelsee ; Bavarian : Uffing am Staffesee ) is a municipality in the district of Garmisch - Partenkirchen , in Bavaria , Germany .
Mmamabula is a planned coal mine and coal - fired power station to the east of the main road and rail corridor in Botswana between Gaborone and Francistown and south of the Serorome River .
Antisana is a stratovolcano of the northern Andes , in Ecuador .
Rokitnica - Wieś ( rɔkitˈnit͡sa ˈvjɛɕ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świedziebnia , within Brodnica County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The Epping to Chatswood rail link ( ECRL ) ( originally a part of the Parramatta Rail Link ( PRL ) ) is a railway line in the northern suburbs of Sydney , Australia , which connects the suburb of Epping on the Northern line to the suburb of Chatswood on the North Shore line .
Samar ( /ˈsɑːmɑr/ SAH - mar ) is an island in the Visayas , within central Philippines and the third largest island in the country .
The Arboretum du Massif des Agriers ( 4 hectares ) is an arboretum located within the 600-hectare forest of the Massif des Agriers near Lamazière - Haute and Eygurande , Corrèze , Limousin , France .
Kogalym ( Russian : Когалым ) is a town in Khanty - Mansi Autonomous Okrug , Russia , located on the Inguyagun River 325 kilometers ( 202 mi ) northeast of Khanty - Mansiysk .
Pico Naiguatá is the summit of a mountain in South America near Caracas , Venezuela , part of the Venezuelan Coastal Range , of which it is the highest peak .
The Kempinski Hotel Giardino di Costanza is a hotel in Italy which belongs to the International Kempinski Hotels collection .
Shatsky National Natural Park ( SNNP ) is a park in Ukraine which was established in 1983 and aimed to preserve , reconstitute and to use effectively Volyn Polissia natural complexes and objects of special environmental , recreational , educational and aesthetic value .
Sazeman - e Kiani ( Persian : سازمان كياني‎ , also Romanized as Sāzemān - e Kīānī ) is a village in Golestan Rural District , in the Central District of Jajrom County , North Khorasan Province , Iran .
Mowtowr - e Ab Miran Jadgal ( Persian : موتوراب ميران جدگال‎ , also Romanized as Mowtowr - e Āb Mīrān Jadgāl ) is a village in Pir Sohrab Rural District , in the Central District of Chabahar County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Najaf Khanlu ( Persian : قشلاق نجف خانلو‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Najaf Khānlū ; also known as Najaf Khānlū ) is a village in Qeshlaq Rural District , in the Central District of Ahar County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Marymount Academy ( commonly referred to as Marymount ) is a public secondary school in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Matjhabeng Local Municipality is an administrative area in the Lejweleputswa District of the Free State in South Africa , that includes the city of Welkom .
Kaniv Hydroelectric Power Plant is a hydroelectricity generating complex on the Dnieper River in Kaniv , Ukraine .
Vrh pri Križu ( pronounced ( ˈʋəɾx pɾi ˈkɾiːʒu ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Žužemberk in southeastern Slovenia .
The South Western Ghats moist deciduous forests is a tropical moist broadleaf forest ecoregion of southern India .
The Northern Styrian Alps ( Steirische Nordalpen in German ) is the proposed name for a subdivision of mountain ranges in a new , as yet unadopted , classification of the Alps , located in Austria .
Ghaseetpur Sohalian is a village in Mirpur ( District of Azad Kashmir ) Pakistan .
Maradankulama or Maradankulam is village situated within the North Western Province of Sri Lanka .
West Cracroft Island is an island in the Johnstone Strait region of the Central Coast of British Columbia , Canada , located east of Port McNeill .
Arclin ( pronounced ( aɾtsˈliːn ) ) is a settlement in the Municipality of Vojnik in eastern Slovenia .
The Åland Social Democrats ( Swedish : Ålands Socialdemokrater ) is a social - democratic political party in the Åland Islands .
The Toitū Otago Settlers Museum is a regional history museum in Dunedin , New Zealand .
Gampo - eup is an eup or a town of Gyeongju in South Korea .
Jatli ( Urdu : جاتلى‎ ) is a town in Gujar Khan Tehsil , Punjab , Pakistan .
Qila Mihan Singh , is a town of Gujranwala District in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Before the opening of the Zeiss Museum of Optics in Oberkochen in 2014 , the Optical Museum Jena was the only museum of its kind in Germany .
Houtkerque ( from Dutch : Houtkerke ) is a communes in the Nord department in northern France .
Mazraeh - ye Bideh ( Persian : مزرعه بيده‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Bīdeh ; also known as Bīdeh ) is a village in Bafruiyeh Rural District , in the Central District of Meybod County , Yazd Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 1,366 , in 352 families .
Yecla is a town and municipality in eastern Spain , in the extreme north of the autonomous community of Murcia , located 96 km from the capital of the region , Murcia .
Government Emerson College Multan is located in the city of Multan in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Zgornje Gorje ( pronounced ( ˈzɡoːɾnjɛ ˈɡɔːɾjɛ ) ) is a village and the administrative centre of the Municipality of Gorje in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Aeropelican Air Services Pty Ltd was a regional airline based in Newcastle , New South Wales , Australia .
Antirrio ( Greek : Αντίρριο , pronounced ( aˈndirio ) , Latin : Antirrhium ) is a town and a former municipality in Aetolia - Acarnania , West Greece , Greece .
Fantoft Stave Church ( Norwegian : Fantoft stavkirke ) is a reconstructed stave church in the Fana borough of the city of Bergen , Norway .
Mazraeh - ye Moruji ( Persian : مزرعه مروجي‎ , also Romanized as Mazra``eh - ye Morūjī ) is a village in Jangal Rural District , in the Central District of Fasa County , Fars Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 88 , in 20 families .
Epitalio ( Greek : Επιτάλιο , before 1927 : Αγουλινίτσα - Agoulinitsa ) is a town and a community in the municipal unit of Volakas , Elis , Greece .
São José Esporte Clube , usually called São José , and nicknamed Eagle of the Valley ( Águia do Vale ) , is the main football ( soccer ) team in São José dos Campos , Brazil .
Haus or Hausvik is a village in Osterøy municipality in Hordaland county , Norway .
Rombly is a commune in the Pas - de - Calais département in the Nord - Pas - de - Calais region of France .
Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital is a large Provincial government funded hospital situated in central Mthatha in South Africa .
Sheykh Vajim ( Persian : شيخ وجيم‎ , also Romanized as Sheykh Vajīm ; also known as Sheykhowjīm and Sheykh Vajam ) is a village in Hoseynabad - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Sanandaj County , Kurdistan Province , Iran .
Urkiola Natural Park is a protected area located in the southeastern corner of Biscay and Álava in the northern Basque Country , Spain .
Güləbatlı ( also , Qüləbatlı ) is a village and municipality in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Bugok township , also known as Bugok Hot Springs ( 부곡온천 , 釜谷溫泉 ) , is a natural Hot Springs and tourist area located in the Bugok township ( 부곡면 ) of Changnyeong County , South Gyeongsang Province , in South Korea .
Qeshlaq - e Aramaneh ( Persian : قشلاق ارامنه‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Arāmaneh ) is a village in Nowjeh Mehr Rural District , Siah Rud District , Jolfa County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Rovaniemi ( pronunciation ) is a city and municipality of Finland .
The Brunswick Heads Nature Reserve is a protected nature reserve located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales , Australia .
Siam Center ( Thai : สยามเซนเตอร์ ) is a shopping center in Bangkok , Thailand .
Ad Duwaykah is a village in Muscat , in northeastern Oman .
Divčibare ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дивчибаре , pronounced ( dǐv̞tʃibarɛ ) ) is a town and mountain resort situated on the mountain Maljen ( 1104 m ) in western Serbia , south - east of Valjevo , at the altitude of 980 metres above sea level .
Helsingør Custom House ( Danish : Helsingør Toldkammer ) is a former custom house situated next to Helsingør station in central Helsingør , Denmark .
Tusculum is a ruined Roman city in the Alban Hills , in the Latium region of Italy .
Veliki Otok ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːliki ˈɔːtɔk ) ; Italian : Ottocco Grande ) is a village north of Postojna in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Nónfjall is a 367 metre high mountain on the island Vágar in the Faroe Islands , the mountain is located south of the village of Sørvágur , near Vágar Airport and east of the mountain Høgafjall .
Wattay International Airport ( IATA : VTE , ICAO : VLVT ) is one of the few international airports in Laos .
Gözbarax ( also , Gözparaq and Gëzbarakh ) is a village and municipality in the Zaqatala Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Karlskär is a village ( smaller locality ) on the Lake Mälaren island of Färingsö , Ekerö Municipality , Stockholm County , Sweden .
Khemchik River ( Russian : Хемчик ) is a river in Tuva in Russia , a left tributary of the Yenisey River .
Blyansk ( Russian : Блянск ) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
The Kara - Jygach Rocks is a nature monument located in Aksy District of Jalal - Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan .
The Château de Viverols is a castle in Viverols in the Puy - de - Dôme département of France .
Kani Guzlah ( Persian : كاني گوزله‎ , also Romanized as Kānī Gūzlah ; also known as Kānī Kūzlah ) is a village in Akhtachi - ye Mahali Rural District , Simmineh District , Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
The Uri Alps ( German : Urner Alps ) are a mountain range in Central Switzerland and part of the Western Alps .
Khoni ( Georgian : ხონი ) is a town in the Western Georgian region ( mkhare ) of Imereti with the population of 11,300 ( 2002 Georgia census ) .
The Port of Cape Town is the port of the city of Cape Town , South Africa .
Helios Arena , originally known as Eisstadion am Bauchenberg , is an arena in Villingen - Schwenningen , Germany .
Le Petit - Bornand - les - Glières , commonly referred to as Petit - Bornand , is a commune in the Haute - Savoie department in the Rhône - Alpes region in south - eastern France .
Te Mata Peak is a peak south of Hastings rising up to 399 m in the Hawke 's Bay region of New Zealand .
In 2015 , United Kingdom Hip - Hop MC Dirty Dike released his fourth full length album which included a track entitled ' Isleham Swamp ' .
DC Hill Zunheboto ( Pron:/ˌzʌnˈhiːbəʊtəʊ/ ) is a Colony and a town area committee in Zunheboto in the state of Nagaland , India .
Padawala is a village in Padiyathalawa DS division , Ampara District , Eastern Province , Sri Lanka .
Mpofu Nature Reserve is a nature reserve in Eastern Cape Province , South Africa that is managed by Eastern Cape Parks .
Sörup ( Danish : Sørup ) is a municipality in the district of Schleswig - Flensburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Cape Turnagain is a prominent headland on the east coast of New Zealand 's North Island , part way between Hawke Bay and Cook Strait , between the mouths of the Porangahau and Akitio Rivers .
The People 's Party for Reconstruction and Democracy ( Parti du Peuple pour la Reconstruction et la Démocratie ( PPRD ) ) is a center - left political party of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Homs ( /hɔːms/ ; Arabic : حمص‎ / ALA - LC : Ḥimṣ ) , previously known as Emesa ( Greek : Ἔμεσα Emesa ) , is a city in western Syria and the capital of the Homs Governorate .
Camborne railway station serves the town of Camborne , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sean Ross Abbey south of Roscrea in County Tipperary , Ireland is a convent and the location of St Anne 's Special School run by the Sisters of the Sacred Hearts of Jesus and Mary .
Midtgulen is a fjord in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Grigoropolisskaya ( Russian : Григорополисская ) is a rural locality ( a stanitsa ) in Novoalexandrovsky District of Stavropol Krai , Russia , located near the Kuban River .
The Waitahaia River is a river in the Waiapu Valley of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand 's North Island .
Cerkljanska Dobrava ( pronounced ( tsɛɾˈkljaːnska dɔˈbɾaːʋa ) ; German : Dobrawa bei Zirklach ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Cerklje na Gorenjskem in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Lüderitz Railway Station ( German : Bahnhof Lüderitz ) is a railway station serving the town of Lüderitz in Namibia .
The Assar Lindbeck Medal is a bi - annual award given to the economist(s ) in Sweden under the age of 45 whose work have gained the most international recognition .
Rosslau ( in German orthography : Roßlau ) was until 30 June 2007 a town in Saxony - Anhalt , Germany , belonging to the district Anhalt - Zerbst .
Big Rock Falls is a 150-foot waterfall on Privassion River , in the Mountain Pine Ridge Forest Reserve of the Cayo District of Belize .
France and the Comoros claim the Banc du Geyser as part of their exclusive economic zone ( EEZ ) .
Toulépleu is a town in the far west of Ivory Coast , near the border with Liberia .
Puiggròs ( pronounced : ( putʃˈɡɾɔs ) ) is a village in the province of Lleida and autonomous community of Catalonia , Spain .
The Mnjikaning Fish Weirs are one of the oldest human developments in Canada .
Barisal ( Bengali : বরিশাল Bariśāl ; historically Bakla - Chandradwip ; also Gird - e - Bandar ) is a major city that lies on the bank of Kirtankhola river in south - central Bangladesh .
Summercourt fair is a Charter fair held annually in Summercourt , a village five miles ( 8 km ) south - east of Newquay in Cornwall , United Kingdom .
The Port of Huanghua , also known as the Port of Cangzhou Huanghua is an artificial deep - water international seaport on the coast of Huanghua , Cangzhou Prefecture , Hebei , People 's Republic of China .
The Elm - Lappwald Nature Park ( German : Naturpark Elm - Lappwald ) is a nature park in southwest Lower Saxony , east of Brunswick in central Germany .
Sarab Pardeh ( Persian : سرابپرده‎‎ , also Romanized as Sarāb Pardeh and Sarāb - e Pardeh ) is a village in Dehpir Rural District , in the Central District of Khorramabad County , Lorestan Province , Iran .
Westland Tai Poutini National Park is located on the western coast of New Zealand 's South Island .
Burgäschisee is a lake near Aeschi in Switzerland , on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn .
Borawli is a stratovolcano with lava domes , located in Administrative Zone 2 of the Afar Region , Ethiopia .
Bronowo - Zalesie ( brɔˈnɔvɔ zaˈlɛɕɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała , within Płock County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
FOSDEM is held annually , usually during the first weekend of February , at the Université Libre de Bruxelles Solbosch campus in the southeast of Brussels , Belgium .
Stadtlohn is a town in the north - west of North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany , part of the district Borken .
Ağabağı ( also , Agabagy ) is a village and municipality in the Zardab Rayon of Azerbaijan .
It was initially commissioned as INS Jarawa II . On 11 May 1985 , the air station was formally commissioned as INS Utkrosh by then Defence Minister of India , P. V. Narasimha Rao , making it the first naval air station in Andaman & Nicobar Islands .
Arčelca ( pronounced ( aɾˈtʃeːu̯tsa ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Trebnje in eastern Slovenia .
The Didinga Hills are an upland area in Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan , lying mainly within Budi County .
The Jardin botanique de Mont Cenis is an alpine botanical garden located on Mont Cenis above the town of Lanslebourg - Mont - Cenis , Savoie , Rhône - Alpes , France .
Gol Sheykh ( Persian : گل شيخ‎ ) is a village in Qalandarabad Rural District , Qalandarabad District , Fariman County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Białowoda ( bjawɔˈvɔda ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Opole Lubelskie , within Opole Lubelskie County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Damascus ( Arabic : دمشق‎ Dimashq IPA : ( ˈdiːmaːʃq ) ) is the capital and the second - largest city of Syria after Aleppo .
Gudermessky District ( Russian : Гудерме́сский райо́н ; Chechen : Гуьмсен кӏошт ) is an administrative and municipal district ( raion ) , one of the fifteen in the Chechen Republic , Russia .
Changchun Normal University ( Chinese : 长春师范大学 ; pinyin : Chángchūn Shīfàn Dàxué ; originally Changhun Teacher 's College ) is a university in Changchun , Jilin province , People 's Republic of China .
Bapunagar is a neighbourhood in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , India .
Mount Leonard Murray is a mountain in Papua New Guinea in central New Guinea .
The Municipality of Krško is a municipality in eastern Slovenia .
Nizamabad Airport is a proposed airport near Jakranpalli in Telangana , India .
Besh - Tash Lake ( Kyrgyz : Беш Таш ) is a rock - dammed lake in Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan .
Unlike most other marathons , but like all races in France , the Paris Marathon requires a doctor 's note no more than a year old , stating that there is `` no contraindication to competitive running '' .
Sandal Malus ( Persian : سندل ملوس‎ , also Romanized as Sandal Malūs ) is a village in Kuh Panj Rural District , in the Central District of Bardsir County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Brunslar was a short - lived municipality in North Hessen , in the now - extinct district of Melsungen , Germany .
Carrara - Avenza railway station , also known simply as Carrara or Avenza , is a railway station of the city of Carrara , Italy .
Boralanda ( බොරලන්ද in Sinhala language ) is a rural town in Sri Lanka .
Estalaj ( Persian : استلج‎ , also Romanized as Estelaj ; also known as Astalach and Astlaj ) is a village in Shahidabad Rural District , Avaj District , Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
The Marisma de Hinojos is a salt marsh about 50 km north of the city of Cadiz , It is in the province of Huelva , in the autonomous region of Andalusia , Spain .
Veliki Rakitovec ( pronounced ( ' ʋeːliki ɾaˈkiːtɔʋəts ) ; German : Großrakitowitz ) is a small settlement of a few farms in the hills south of the Tuhinj Valley in the Municipality of Kamnik in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Bennett , British Columbia , Canada is an abandoned town next to Bennett Lake .
Kurmannapalem is a suburban area of the city of Visakhapatnam , India and belongs to the Greater Visakhapatnam Municipal Corporation .
Étang de la Brienne ( or Lac de Planèzes ) is a lake of Luc - la - Primaube in Aveyron , France .
Still Brook Waterfall flows onto Black Brook Beach , a popular swimming and picnic site on the Cabot Trail in the Cape Breton Highlands National Park , 10 kilometres ( 6 mi ) north of Ingonish , Nova Scotia , Canada .
Quattro Canti , officially known as Piazza Vigliena , is a Baroque square in Palermo , Sicily , southern Italy .
Ali Sabieh ( Somali : Cali Sabiix , Arabic : علي صبيح‎ ) is the second largest city in Djibouti .
Katikati is a town in New Zealand ( North Island ) located on the Uretara Stream near a tidal inlet towards the northern end of Tauranga Harbour , 28 kilometres south of Waihi and 40 kilometres northwest of Tauranga .
Heddal Open Air Museum ( Heddal bygdetun ) is an open - air museum located in the village of Heddal at Notodden in Telemark , Norway .
San José La Arada ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saŋ xoˈse la aɾaða ) ) is a municipality in the Chiquimula department of Guatemala .
The Warsaw University of Life Sciences ( Polish : Szkoła Główna Gospodarstwa Wiejskiego , SGGW , literally `` main school of rural economy '' ) is the largest agricultural university in Poland .
Żurominek ( ʐurɔˈminɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiśniewo , within Mława County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Jardins de Coursiana , also known as the Arboretum Coursiana , are botanical gardens with an arboretum ( 6 hectares ) located in La Romieu , Gers , Midi - Pyrénées , France .
Rumbur ( Kalasha : Rukmu ) is one of the three Kalasha valleys situated in Chitral District , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Pakistan .
Ripoll ( Catalan pronunciation : ( riˈpoʎ ) ) is the capital of the comarca of Ripollès , in the province of Girona , Catalonia , Spain .
Lake Elmenteita , also spelled Elementaita , is a soda lake , in the Great Rift Valley , about 120 km northwest of Nairobi , Kenya .
Bovec ( pronounced ( ˈbɔːvəts ) or ( ˈboːvəts ) ; Italian : Plezzo , German : Flitsch , Friulian : Plèz ) is a town in the Littoral region in northwestern Slovenia , close to border with Italy .
Chahkin ( Persian : چاهكين‎ , also Romanized as Chāhkīn ; also known as Chāh Gīn and Chākīn ) is a village in Jorjafak Rural District , in the Central District of Zarand County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Scharhörn is an uninhabited island in the North Sea belonging to the city of Hamburg , Germany .
Arendalsfeltet is a geologic province in Norway , between Fevik and Tvedestrand in the county of Aust - Agder , mainly situated within the borders of Arendal .
Lake Waitaki is the smallest , oldest and farthest downstream of the three man - made lakes of the Waitaki hydroelectric project in New Zealand 's South Island .
Dachauer Straße is a street in Maxvorstadt and Moosach , Munich , Bavaria , Germany .
Zaidal ( Arabic : زيدل‎ , also spelled Zaydal ) is a town in the Homs Governorate of central Syria , just east of Homs , forming a part of its suburbs .
Odense Zoo is a zoological garden in Odense , Denmark .
UWA Sports Park is a multi - purpose sporting and recreation reserve in Mount Claremont , Western Australia .
The Ñuble River or Rio Ñuble is a river of the province of Ñuble , located in southern Chile in the Bío Bío Region .
The Parti Bersatu Rakyat Sabah or PBRS ( United Sabah People 's Party ) is a minor political party based in Sabah , Malaysia .
Espoo ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈespoː ) ; Swedish : Esbo , ( ˈɛsbo ) ) is the second largest city and municipality in Finland .
Mount Hombori ( Hombori Tondo ) is a mountain in Mali 's Mopti Region , near the town of Hombori .
Istmo de Tehuantepec is the largest region in the state of Oaxaca , Mexico .
Larslejsstræde is a street in the Latin Quarter of central Copenhagen , Denmark .
Lignan - sur - Orb is a commune in the Hérault département in the Languedoc - Roussillon region in southern France .
Pan - Asia International School , or PAIS , is an International School located in Prawet District , Bangkok , Thailand , and a member of the International Schools Association of Thailand ( ISAT ) .
Makuti is a small village in Mashonaland West province , Zimbabwe .
Javanmardi ( Persian : جوانمردي‎ , also Romanized as Javānmardī ) is a village in Javanmardi Rural District , Khanmirza District , Lordegan County , Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province , Iran .
Convento de Santa Cruz do Buçaco is a former Carmelite monastery in the Mata Nacional do Buçaco ( Buçaco forest ) protected forest of the Serra do Buçaco , Portugal .
The Udarser Wiek is a bay on Germany 's Baltic Sea coast , about 8 km² in area , between the islands of Rügen in the north and Ummanz in the south .
Solvay Castle ( French : Château Solvay , also called Château de La Hulpe ) , is a château located in the municipality of La Hulpe , Walloon Brabant , Belgium .
The Eastern Suburbs Tigers are a rugby league club based at Langlands Park , which is in the suburb of Coorparoo in Brisbane , Australia .
Yeungnam High School is a school that is in Daegu , South Korea .
Struer Municipality is a municipality ( Danish , kommune ) in Central Denmark Region on the Jutland Peninsula in west Denmark .
The Pakistan Army General Headquarters attack ( Codename : Operation Janbaz ; Urdu : فوجی آپریشن جانباز‎ ) , was a hostage - rescue mission carried by SSG Division during which , on 10 October 2009 , when 10 gunmen in military uniform opened fire on the General Headquarters in Rawalpindi , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Deutsches Elektronen - Synchrotron ( English German Electron Synchrotron ) commonly referred to by the abbreviation DESY , is a national research center in Germany that operates particle accelerators used to investigate the structure of matter .
Cheonggyesan Station is a railway station in Seoul , South Korea , on the Seoul Metropolitan Subway - operated Shinbundang Line .
The Islamic Renaissance Movement ( Arabic : حركة النهضة الاسلامية‎ , Ḥarakat An - Nahḑa Al - Islāmiyya ; French : Mouvement de la Renaissance Islamique , MRI ) is a moderate Islamist political party of Algeria .
Perali is a small village located 7.9 km away from Bapatla , Andhra Pradesh , India .
Godar Pir - e Sofla ( Persian : گدارپيرسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Godār Pīr - e Soflá ; also known as Godārpey - ye Soflá ) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District , Firuzabad District , Kermanshah County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
The Mid Murray Football Association was an Australian rules football competition based in the western Riverland region of South Australia , Australia .
Gergeti Trinity Church ( Georgian : წმინდა სამება - Tsminda Sameba ) is a popular name for Holy Trinity Church near the village of Gergeti in Georgia .
Kangar Bypass , or Jalan Padang Behor , Federal Route 186 , is a federal road bypass in Kangar , Perlis , Malaysia .
Powodów Pierwszy ( pɔˈvɔduf ˈpjɛrfʂɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wartkowice , within Poddębice County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Woerden ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈʋurdən ) ) is a city and a municipality in the central Netherlands .
Kürdəxanı ( also , Kurdakhani ) is a settlement and municipality in Sabunçu district of Baku , Azerbaijan .
The Bijbels Museum ( `` Biblical Museum '' ) is a museum on the Herengracht in Amsterdam housing a collection of Bibles and other religious objects from the Judeo - Christian tradition , including the oldest Bible printed in the Netherlands ( the 1477 Delftse Bijbel , ) and a first edition of the 1637 Dutch Authorised Version .
Adami Tullu ( also spelled Adami Tulu ; Oromo , `` Euphorbia hill '' ) is a town in central Ethiopia .
Mets Gilanlar ( also , Mets - Gilaylar , Bol’shoy Gilanlar , and Gilanlar ) is a hamlet in the Ararat Province of Armenia .
Ghinnir Airport ( IATA : GNN , ICAO : HAGH ) , also known as Ginir Airport , is an airport serving Ghinnir , Ethiopia .
Łańcut Castle is a complex of buildings located in Łańcut , Poland .
Jam kalyanpur is a village and administrative division in Jamnagar district , Gujarat , India .
Haneuljae , also known as Gyerimnyeong ( 계립령/鷄立嶺 ) is a mountain pass in the Sobaek Mountains of central South Korea .
Tálknafjörður is a fjord located in southern Westfjords between Patreksfjörður and Bildudalur in Iceland .
The medieval manor of Årsmarke , with its more than 300 years of history , was once Denmark 's largest private estate ; it is now part of Knuthenborg Safaripark .
The Tauber Valley Railway ( German : Taubertalbahn ) is a single - tracked , unelectrified , standard gauge railway between Wertheim and Crailsheim in the state of Baden - Württemberg in southern Germany .
Lagoon Cove , British Columbia , Canada , is located between East and West Cracroft Islands in the inside passage between Vancouver Island and the North American mainland .
Luvianos is a small town and municipality located in the southwest of the State of Mexico .
Tennyson Inlet , ( New Zealand ) is the western arm of Pelorus Sound in the Marlborough Sounds .
Navai ( Persian : نوايي‎ , also Romanized as Navā’ī ) is a village in Valdian Rural District , Ivughli District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
According to its name , the Cantonal School of Graubünden is a school for the whole canton , and it is the only school in the whole of Switzerland where three languages must be used ( German , Italian , Romansh ) .
Oberdollendorf is a municipal district of Königswinter , a city in the Rhein - Sieg district , in North Rhine - Westphalia , Germany .
Landshut ( Bavarian : Landsad ) is a town in Bavaria in the south - east of Germany , belonging to both Eastern and Southern Bavaria .
Be Quick 1887 is a football club from Groningen , the Netherlands .
The Liri Blues Festival , founded in 1988 , is one of the main blues music festivals in Italy .
Botulu ( Russian : Ботулу ; Yakut : Боотулу ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the administrative centre of and one of two settlements , in addition to Kyotyordyokh , in Botulunsky Rural Okrug of Verkhnevilyuysky District in the Sakha Republic , Russia .
Kesht Zaran ( Persian : كشت زاران‎ , also Romanized as Kesht Zārān ) is a village in Pishkuh - e Mugui Rural District , in the Central District of Fereydunshahr County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Mamountali ( Greek : Μαμούνταλη ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 3 km west of Pano Panagia .
Nicholas Tower , situated on Independence Square , Port of Spain , Trinidad and Tobago is the second tallest building in Trinidad and Tobago .
Gamtoos River or Gamptoos River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province , South Africa .
Chah Anjir - e Golowrubat ( Persian : چاه انجيرگلوروباط‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Anjīr - e Golowrūbāṭ ; also known as Chāh Anjīr ) is a village in Dar Agah Rural District , in the Central District of Hajjiabad County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Boghiston ( Persian : باغستان‎ ) is a town and jamoat in Tajikistan .
Krmačina ( pronounced ( kəɾˈmaːtʃina ) ) is a small settlement east of Drašiči in the Municipality of Metlika in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia , right on the border with Croatia .
Singtel Optus Pty Limited is the second largest telecommunications company in Australia .
The Vélodrome de Bordeaux is a velodrome in Bordeaux , France .
Rimbija Island is the northernmost island of the Wessel Islands group in the Northern Territory of Australia .
Dindayalpur is a village situated in Siwan district of Bihar state , India .
Piotrków - Kolonia ( ˈpjɔtrkuf kɔˈlɔɲa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jabłonna , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
There are a range of European institutions in Strasbourg ( France ) , the oldest of which dates back to 1815 .
Đồng Nai Bridge ( Vietnamese : Cầu Đồng Nai ) is an important road bridge towards the south of the city of Biên Hòa in Vietnam .
Poznań Town Hall or Ratusz is a historic building in the city of Poznań in western Poland , located at the Poznań Old Town in the centre of Old Market Square ( Stary Rynek ) .
Tokoroa Aerodrome ( IATA : TKZ , ICAO : NZTO ) is a public aerodrome owned by the South Waikato District Council and is located one nautical mile east - southeast of Tokoroa township in the Waikato Region of New Zealand
The Chue Chin Hua Company Ltd. is one of the leading aluminium cookware and metal producing group companies in Thailand .
Mojsiki ( mɔi̯ˈɕiki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Lake Syamozero ( Russian : Сямозеро , Finnish : Säämäjärvi , Karelian : Seämärvi ) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia , northwestern part of Russia .
The Alexandria Zoo is a zoo close to the Smouha neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
The Waldsteinburg , also called the Red Castle ( German : Rotes Schloss ) is a ruined castle on the summit of the Großer Waldstein in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany .
Montecatini Val di Cecina is a small hilltown and comune in the province of Pisa in Tuscany ( central Italy ) .
The Canton of Les Aix - d'Angillon is a former canton in the Cher département and in the Centre region of France .
Sree Maha Ganapathi Temple , Pazhavangadi is a famous Ganesha temple located at Pazhavangadi , Kerala , India .
Wiñaymarka Lake ( also : Huiñaymarca ) is the southern branch of Lake Titicaca in Bolivia and Peru .
Grzeboszowice ( ɡʐɛbɔʂɔˈvit͡sɛ ) ( German Greboschowitz ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ujazd , within Strzelce County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Pentewan ( Cornish : Bentewyn , meaning foot of the radiant stream ) is a coastal village and former port in south Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Sidi Bou Said ( Tunisian Arabic : سيدي بو سعيد‎ Sīdi Bū Sɛīd ) a town in northern Tunisia located about 20 km from the capital , Tunis .
Jowzdan ( Persian : جوزدان‎ , also Romanized as Jowzdān and Jūzdān ; also known as Jazūn ) is a city in the Central District of Najafabad County , Isfahan Province , Iran .
Riscos de Momostenango is an area of curiously shaped sandstone formations located in the municipality of Momostenango in Guatemala .
Tarvasjoki ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈtɑrʋɑsˌjoki ) ) is a former municipality in the region of Southwest Finland , in Finland .
Porto Carras ( Greek : Πόρτο Καρράς ) , known as Porto Carras Grand Resort , is one of northern Greece 's largest and most famous hotels and holiday resorts .
Rinchnach Priory ( Kloster Rinchnach ) was a Benedictine house at Rinchnach in Bavaria , Germany .
The Battle of Tondibi was the decisive confrontation in Morocco 's 16th - century invasion of the Songhai Empire .
Marne ( French pronunciation : ​(maʁn ) ) is a department in north - eastern France named after the river Marne ( Matrona in Roman times ) which flows through the department .
The Royal Institute of British Architects ( RIBA ) is a professional body for architects primarily in the United Kingdom , but also internationally , founded for the advancement of architecture under its charter granted in 1837 and Supplemental Charter granted in 1971 .
Central District ( Sirik County ) ( Persian : بخش مرکزی شهرستان سیریک‎ ; meaning `` Desert '' ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Sirik County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
The Nedonas ( Greek : Νέδωνας , older form : Nedon ) is a river Messenia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Ramu Cantonment ( Bengali : রামু সেনানিবাস ) is a cantonment located in Ramu of Cox 's Bazar , Bangladesh .
Husumer Mühlenau ( danish : Husum Mølleå ) is a river of Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
Valiabad Rural District ( Persian : دهستان ولي آباد‎ ) is a rural district ( dehestan ) in the Central District of Qarchak County , Tehran Province , Iran .
Sirri Island ( Persian : جزیره سیری‎ ) , is an island in the Persian Gulf belonging to Iran .
Morarano Chrome is a town and commune ( Malagasy : ' kaominina ' ) in Madagascar .
Stadio Ennio Tardini , commonly referred to as just Il Tardini , is a football stadium in Parma , Italy , located near the centre of Parma , between the town centre and the city walls .
Refuge des Barmettes is a refuge in the Alps in France .
Sosnowy ( sɔsˈnɔvɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbójna , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
According to its website `` Uniya seeks to focus attention and influence Government policy and public opinion on key justice and human rights issues in Australia and the Asia - Pacific region .
Sandnes Station ( Norwegian : Sandnes holdeplass ) is a railway station located in the southern part of downtown Sandnes in Rogaland , Norway .
Dragodol ( Serbian : Драгодол ) is a village located in Osečina Municipality , Kolubara District , Serbia .
Roihupellon teollisuusalue ( Finnish ) , Kasåkers industriområde ( Swedish ) is an eastern neighborhood of Helsinki , Finland .
Bukwałd ( ˈbukfau̯t ) ( German Gross Buchwalde ) is a village in northern Poland .
Casanay ( 10 ° 30′18``N 63 ° 24′46''W ) is a town in the State of Sucre , Venezuela .
Adichanallur is an archaeological site ( Tamil:ஆதிச்சநல்லூர் ) in Tirunelveli district in Tamil Nadu , India .
The lowest recorded temperature in the United Kingdom has twice been recorded in the Cairngorms , at Braemar , where a temperature of −27.2 ° C ( −17.0 ° F ) , was recorded on 11 February 1895 and 10 January 1982 .
Lugau is a town in the district Erzgebirgskreis , in the Free State of Saxony , Germany and twinned with Smithfield in Ireland .
The most remote airport in the world , Mataveri International Airport is 3,759 kilometres ( 2,336 mi ) from Santiago , Chile ( SCL ) which has scheduled flights to it on the Chilean carrier LAN Airlines .
Dołuje ( dɔˈwujɛ ) ( German : Neuenkirchen ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobra , within Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
The British Accounting & Finance Association , is a learned society in the United Kingdom dedicated to advancing knowledge and understanding of education and research in all areas of accounting and finance , and to encouraging closer relations among teachers , accounting practitioners and others who are interested in the development of accounting and finance .
The Protestant church of Gytsjerk or Saint Martin 's church is a religious building in Gytsjerk , Netherlands , one of the numerous medieval churches in Friesland .
Labadee ( French : Labadie ) is a port located on the northern coast of Haiti .
Strektovo ( Russian : Стректово ) is a village in Gdovsky District of Pskov Oblast , Russia .
Zlatoličje ( pronounced ( zlatɔˈliːtʃjɛ ) ) is a village on the right bank of the Drava River southeast of Maribor in northeastern Slovenia .
Defence Raya Golf and Country Club ( DRGCC ) is a Golf resort in DHA , Lahore , Pakistan .
Yepes is a villa ( town ) in the northern region of the province of Toledo , in the autonomous community of Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Kabbe South is the easternmost of the eight electoral constituencies of Zambezi Region of Namibia .
Lilantia ( Greek : Ληλάντια ) is a former municipality in Euboea , Greece .
Elemir ( Serbian Cyrillic : Елемир ) is a village located in the Zrenjanin municipality , in the Central Banat District of Serbia .
Punta Colorada is a small peninsula ( punta ) and a resort ( balneario ) in the Maldonado Department of Uruguay .
German submarine U-521 was a Type IXC U - boat of Nazi Germany 's Kriegsmarine during World War II . She was built by the Deutsche Werft yard at Finkenwerder , Hamburg with yard number 336 .
The Paternkofel ( Italian : Paterno ; German : Paternkofel ) is a mountain in the Dolomites on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Belluno , Italy .
Trewindle is a hamlet west of West Taphouse , Cornwall , England , United Kingdom .
Born auf dem Darß is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Rügen district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany .
Glatved Beach is a coastline 10 km south of the town Grenaa in Denmark .
The GR 36 is a long - distance walking route of the Grande Randonnée network in France .
Valerianos ( Greek : Βαλεριάνος ) is a village and a community in the island of Cephalonia , Greece .
Sven Vintappares Gränd ( Swedish : Sven Wine - Tapper 's Alley ) is a small alley in Gamla stan , the old town of Stockholm , Sweden .
Rusumo Bridge is an international bridge across the Kagera River linking Rwanda and Tanzania .
Kim Il - sung Military University ( also known as Kim Il - sung Military Academy ) is a university located in Mangyongdae - guyok , North Korea .
René - Lévesque is a provincial electoral district in the Côte - Nord region of Quebec , Canada , which elects members to the National Assembly of Quebec .
Malacatán is a municipality in the San Marcos department of Guatemala , located to the west of San Marcos town .
Stružná , until 1949 Kysibl ( German : Gießhübel ) is a village and municipality in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic .
Founded by Rabbi Meir Shapiro , the Chachmei Lublin Yeshiva , ( Polish : Jesziwat Chachmei Lublin ) , was an important centre for Torah study in Poland .
The Stierbergsteich in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a storage pond near Rothesütte on the boundary of the counties of Harz ( Saxony - Anhalt ) and Nordhausen ( Thuringia ) .
The Froschfelsen ( `` Frog Rocks '' , 545 m above NN ) , also called the Froschsteinklippe , is a natural monument near Ilsenburg in the northern Harz in central Germany .
The Tamaulipan matorral is an ecoregion in the deserts and xeric shrublands biome on the eastern slopes of the Sierra Madre Oriental range in northeastern Mexico .
Located approximately 80 km to the South - West of Munich ) in Nazi Germany , the camps were named `` Riederloh '' and `` Riederloh II '' respectively .
Akureyri Airport ( Icelandic : Akureyrarflugvöllur ) ( IATA : AEY , ICAO : BIAR ) is a single - runway international airport in Akureyri , Iceland located about 3 km south of the town center .
Rożniaty ( rɔʐˈɲatɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Padew Narodowa , within Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Sonvico ( Sonvìch in Lombard Language ) is a quarter of the city of Lugano and former municipality of the Lugano district in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland .
Chah Mahki ( Persian : چاه محكي‎ , also Romanized as Chāh Maḩkī and Chāh Mahkī ) is a village in Hana Rural District , Abadeh Tashk District , Neyriz County , Fars Province , Iran .
Kaffrine is the capital town of Kaffrine Region of Senegal .
Ampisikina or Ampisikinana is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in northern Madagascar .
Mardan Palace is a luxury hotel in Lara , Antalya , Turkey , built by Azerbaijani businessman Telman Ismailov .
Bulgan Airport ( IATA : UGA , ICAO : ZMBN ) is a public airport located in Bulgan , the capital of Bulgan Province in Mongolia .
Bhoyare Gangarda is a typical village in Parner tehsil of Ahmednagar district , Maharashtra , India .
Falaba is a former town in the Solima area , Koinadugu District of the Northern Province of Sierra Leone .
Velika Bukovica ( pronounced ( ˈʋeːlika ˈbuːkɔʋitsa ) ; Italian : Bucovizza Grande ) is a village southwest of Ilirska Bistrica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia .
Tatta Pani ( Urdu : ٹاٹا پانی ‎ ) ( also spelled Tattapani ) is a village in Poonch District , Pakistan .
The Palazzo Grimani di Santa Maria Formosa is a palace in Venice , northern Italy .
Dalla Hill ( also spelled Dala ) is a hill in Kano , Kano State , Nigeria .
The Lane Cove Tunnel is a A$ 1.1 billion , 3.6 km twin - tunnel tollway in Sydney , Australia , which connects the M2 Motorway at North Ryde with the Gore Hill Freeway at Artarmon .
Leányfalu is a riverside village in Pest county , Budapest metropolitan area , Hungary .
Collège Ahuntsic is a Francophone public college situated in the Ahuntsic - Cartierville borough of Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Avenida Presidente Masaryk , a thoroughfare in the affluent Polanco neighborhood of Mexico City , is the city 's most fashionable urban shopping street .
The Wynnum Wading Pool is a heritage - listed tidal pool , located on the foreshore of Moreton Bay in the suburb of Wynnum , Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Macleans College is a co - educational state secondary school located in Eastern Beach , Auckland , New Zealand .
The Waitakere Ranges are a chain of hills in the Auckland Region , generally running approximately 25 km ( 15.5 mi ) from north to south , 25 km west of central Auckland , New Zealand .
Wólka Dąbrowicka ( ˈvulka dɔmbrɔˈvit͡ska ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne , within Wołomin County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
The Argentine Industrial Union ( Spanish : Unión Industrial Argentina , or , UIA ) is the leading industrial employer federation and advocacy group in Argentina .
Junction Sheep Range Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada , located near the confluence of the Chilcotin and Fraser Rivers on the west bank of the latter river .
The Echo Klassik , often stylized as ECHO Klassik , is Germany 's major classical music award in 26 nominations .
Ytterøy Church ( Norwegian : Ytterøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Levanger in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Salim Ali National Park or City Forest National Park was a national park located in Srinagar , Jammu and Kashmir , India .
Lake Yojoa is the largest lake in Honduras with a surface area of 79 square kilometers ( 30.50 mi² ) and an average depth of 15 meters ( 50 ft ) .
Emali is a fast growing town located along the Mombasa - Nairobi highway in Kenya 's Makueni County .
Balclutha Aerodrome ( IATA : N / A , ICAO : NZBA ) is a small airport 0.5 Nautical Miles ( 1 km ) southeast of Balclutha township on the east coast of the South Island , New Zealand .
Kollines ( Greek : Κολλίνες ) is a village and a community in the municipal unit of Skyritida , Arcadia , Greece .
Mellieħa ( Maltese : il - Mellieħa ( ɪl mɛˈlːɪːħɐ ) ) is a large village or small town in the Northern Region of Malta .
Lod Railway Station is an Israel Railways station in Lod , Israel , served by most railway lines of Israel Railways .
The Manuela Beltrán University ( Spanish : Universidad Manuelta Beltrán ) , also called UMB , is a private , coeducational university based in the city of Bogotá , Colombia .
Sarahrud ( Persian : سرهرود‎ , also Romanized as Sarahrūd ; also known as Sārārūd ) is a village in Mazraeh Now Rural District , in the Central District of Ashtian County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Gierzwałd ( ˈɡʲɛʐvau̯t ) ( German Geyerswalde ) is a village in Ostróda County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Cumberland House Airport , ( TC LID : CJT4 ) , is located 0.7 nautical miles ( 1.3 km ) west of Cumberland House , Saskatchewan , Canada .
CKON - FM is a pirate radio station located in Akwesasne , a Mohawk nation territory that straddles the Canada - United States border ( and also , on the Canadian side , the interprovincial border between Quebec and Ontario ) .
Segheng ( Persian : سغنگ‎ ; also known as Saghīnak and Seghīng ) is a village in Soghan Rural District , Soghan District , Arzuiyeh County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Kamineni Institute of Medical Sciences ( KIMS ) is a private medical college associated with a 1050 bedded super - speciality teaching Hospital located in Narketpally village , Nalgonda District , Telangana state of India on NH9 about 80 kilometers ( 50 miles ) from the city of Hyderabad .
Toura is a town and arrondissement in the Alibori Department of northern Benin .
Fort Widley is one of the forts built on top of Portsdown Hill between 1860 and 1868 on the recommendation of the Royal Commission on the Defence of the United Kingdom .
Chilime Hydropower Plant is a run - of - the - river type plant situated in Chilime of Rasuwa district in Nepal , which is 133 km north of Kathmandu .
Twoubadou ( Haitian Creole : pronounced : ( twubadu ) , French : Troubadour ) music is a popular genre of guitar - based music from Haiti that has a long and important place in Haitian culture .
The Château de Meillant is a historic manor in Meillant , Cher , Centre - Val de Loire , France .
Donje Međuše ( Serbian : Доње Међуше ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Thian Hock Keng Temple ( Chinese : 天福宫 ; pinyin : Tiānfú Gōng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Thian - hok - kiong ; Temple of Heavenly Happiness ; also : Tianfu Gong Temple ) is the oldest and most important Fukien , or Hoklo ( Hokkien ) temple in Singapore .
The Bethlehem Chapel ( Betlémská kaple ) is a medieval religious building in the Old Town of Prague , Czech Republic , notable for its connection with the origins of the Bohemian Reformation , especially with the Czech reformer Jan Hus .
The village name of Sheldwich is unique within the United Kingdom .
The Atabapo Municipality is one of the seven municipalities ( municipios ) that makes up the southern Venezuelan state of Amazonas and , according to the 2011 census by the National Institute of Statistics of Venezuela , the municipality has a population of 9,169 .
Goladur ( Persian : گلدور‎ , also Romanized as Goladūr ) is a village in Sokmanabad Rural District , Safayyeh District , Khoy County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Svenskådalen Nature Reserve ( Swedish : Svenskådalens naturreservat ) is a nature reserve in Jämtland County in Sweden .
The Paris meridian is a meridian line running through the Paris Observatory in Paris , France -- now longitude 2 ° 20′14.03 `` east .
Siribala is a town and rural commune in the Cercle of Niona in the Ségou Region of southern - central Mali .
Radomyśl nad Sanem ( raˈdɔmɨɕl ˌnat ˈsanɛm ) is a village in Stalowa Wola County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Palazzo Corvaja ( sometimes spelt Palazzo Corvaia ) is a palace in Taormina , Sicily , Italy .
The Arrondissement of Rouen is one of 342 arrondissements of France in the Seine - Maritime department in the Normandy region .
Noravank ( Armenian : Նորավանք , literally `` new monastery '' ) is a 13th - century Armenian monastery , located 122 km from Yerevan in a narrow gorge made by the Amaghu River , near the city of Yeghegnadzor , Armenia .
The corbeta ( corvette ) ARA Uruguay , built in England , is the largest ship afloat of its age in the Armada de la República Argentina ( Argentine Navy ) , with more than 135 years passed since its commissioning in September 1874 .
Caichinque is a volcanic complex lying between Salar de Talar and Salar de Capur , in the high Andean plateau of the Antofagasta Region , in Chile .
Deokjeokdo or Deokjeok Island is the largest island of Deokjeok - myeon in Ongjin County , Incheon Metropolitan City , South Korea .
Ozoro is the headquarters of the Isoko North Local Government Area , one of the two administrative units in the Isoko region of Delta State , southern Nigeria .
Las Caletas is a beach near Puerto Vallarta , Jalisco , Mexico .
The Odrângușa River is a river a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania .
The Ocean Racing Club of Victoria Inc. ( ORCV ) conducts ocean / offshore and bay yacht races and events in Victoria , Australia .
Orchard Towers ( Chinese : 豪杰大厦 ) is an 18-story office building in Singapore located on the corner of Claymore Road and Orchard Road .
Jungwon - gu is a district ( gu ) , in Seongnam - si , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Arjestan ( Persian : ارجستان‎ , also Romanized as Arjestān and Arjastān ) is a village in the Sabalan District of Sareyn County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Lourdes Hill College is a Roman Catholic , secondary , day and was a boarding school until 2011 for girls , located in Hawthorne , an inner - eastern suburb of Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Beroun ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈbɛrou̯n ) ; German : Beraun ) is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic .
Kapiti College is situated at Raumati Beach on the Kapiti Coast in New Zealand , 40 minutes drive from central Wellington .
Ždaňa ( Hungarian : Hernádzsadány ) is a village and municipality in Košice - okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Barasso is a town and comune located in the province of Varese in the Lombardy region of northern Italy .
Bijela Rudina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бијела Рудина ) is a village in the municipality of Bileća , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Zadraga ( pronounced ( zaˈdɾaːɡa ) ) is a village in the Municipality of Naklo in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
Frydenlund is a historic house near Vedbæk north of Copenhagen , Denmark .
The Battle of Gemmano was fought between the German and Allied forces in World War II . It was part of the Allies ' Operation Olive , the offensive in August 1944 on the Gothic Line , the German line of defence in the Apennines in northern Italy .
Arnøy Church ( Norwegian : Arnøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Skjervøy in Troms county , Norway .
Country Road is a middle market clothing retailer located in Australia , New Zealand and South Africa with 68 free standing stores and 77 department store concessions .
Stamsund Church ( Norwegian : Stamsund kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Vestvågøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Dutenhofen is the eastmost borough of the city of Wetzlar , Germany .
Houghton Wines is an Australian winery based at Middle Swan , in the Swan Valley , the focal point of the Swan District wine region of Western Australia .
Van Kleef Aquarium was an oceanarium located in Fort Canning Park facing River Valley Road in Singapore .
Geo Wanjal ( Urdu : جیو ونجل‎ ) is a village in the district of Gujrat , Pakistan .
Pairi River is one of the important tributaries of Mahanadi and it joins the Mahanadi near Rajim , Gariaband district in Chhattisgarh , India .
Melk ( older spelling : Mölk ) is a city of Austria , in the federal state of Lower Austria , next to the Wachau valley along the Danube .
Tico ( feminine tica , plural ticos , ticas ) is a colloquial term for a native of Costa Rica .
Aunegrenda Chapel ( Norwegian : Aunegrenda kapell ) is a chapel in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Dębica County ( Polish : powiat dębicki ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
Veldkamps Meuln ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈvɛltkɑmps møːln ) ; English : Veldkamp 's Mill ) is a 19th - century tower mill in the village of Bellingwolde in the Netherlands .
Puncak Mandala ( until 1963 Julianatop or Juliana Peak ) is a mountain located in Papua , Indonesia .
The Steinhuder Meer or Lake Steinhude is a lake in Lower Saxony , Germany located 30 kilometres ( 19 mi ) northwest of Hanover .
Detrík ( Hungarian : Detre ) is a village and municipality in Vranov nad Topľou District in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia .
The Mekonge Integral Ecological Reserve is found in Cameroon , and covers 26.44 km² .
Neot Mordechai ( Hebrew : נְאוֹת מָרְדְּכַי ) is a kibbutz in the Upper Galilee in Israel .
Stadio Mariotti is an arena in Alghero , Sardinia ( Italy ) .
The Arboretum Jean Aubouin ( 10 hectares ) is an arboretum located in the Mothe - Clédou forest near Combiers , Charente , Poitou - Charentes , France .
Zuid - Holland Zuid ( literally South South Holland ) is an official region of the province of South Holland in the Netherlands .
NPO Mashinostroyeniya ( Cyrillic : `` НПО машиностроения '' ) is a rocket design bureau based in Reutov , Russia .
The Janos Trail was a trade route from the mountains of southern New Mexico to Janos , Chihuahua .
Lake Diatas ( Indonesian : Danau Diatas , means : Upper Lake ; Minangnese : Danau Diateh ) is a lake in West Sumatra , Indonesia .
Roaring River Park is a heritage and nature park near Petersfield , Westmoreland Parish , Jamaica .
Sar Baghcheh ( Persian : سرباغچه‎ , also Romanized as Sar Bāghcheh ) is a village in Il Teymur Rural District , in the Central District of Bukan County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Arba Minch Zuria ( Amharic `` Greater Arba Minch Area '' ) is one of the woredas in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
Gachibowli Indoor Stadium is an indoor arena located in Hyderabad , India .
Stara Wieś Pierwsza ( ˈstara ˈvjɛɕ ˈpjɛrfʂa ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bychawa , within Lublin County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
Alampalayam is a panchayat town in Udumalpet in the state of Tamil Nadu , India .
Boštanj ( pronounced ( bɔˈʃtaːn ) or ( ˈboːʃtan ) ; in older sources also Gorenji Boštanj , German : Obersavenstein , Savenstein , Sowenstein , or Sawenstein ) is a village in the Lower Sava Valley in southeastern Slovenia .
Lahore College of Pharmaceutical Sciences is the first institution of pharmacy education in Pakistan which is inspected , recognized and approved by the Pharmacy Council of Pakistan .
Nijefurd ( pronunciation ) is a former municipality in the northern Netherlands , in the province of Friesland .
Kharidar - e Sang ( Persian : خريدارسنگ‎ , also Romanized as Kharīdār - e Sang ) is a village in Zahray - ye Bala Rural District , in the Central District of Buin Zahra County , Qazvin Province , Iran .
New Cowper ( pronounced and occasionally written New Cooper ) is a small hamlet in the civil parish of Holme St. Cuthbert in Cumbria , United Kingdom .
La Matanza de Acentejo is a town near the north coast of Tenerife , Canary Islands , Spain .
Lago di Bomba , also called Lago di Sangro , is a lake in the Province of Chieti , Abruzzo , Italy .
Halsanaustan or just Halsa is a village in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Amantan is a small village in Algeria , in the wilaya of Batna .
Tituiyeh - ye Seh ( Persian : تيتوئيه3‎ , also Romanized as Tītūīyeh - ye Seh ; also known as Tītūīyeh ) is a village in Bezenjan Rural District , in the Central District of Baft County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Selangor River ( Malay : Sungai Selangor ) is a major river in Selangor , Malaysia .
Sealand of the Pacific was a public aquarium in South Oak Bay at The Oak Bay Marina , near the city of Victoria , in British Columbia , Canada .
Klauvaneset is a peninsula in the northern part of Åsane in Bergen , Norway .
Kobdilj ( pronounced ( ˈkoːbdil ) ; Italian : Cobidil San Gregorio ) is a village south of Štanjel in the Municipality of Komen in the Littoral region of Slovenia next to the border with Italy .
The Diemelsee or Diemel Reservoir ( German : Diemelstausee ) is a reservoir with a surface area of 1.65 km² and about capacity of 19.9 million m³ on the River Diemel in the counties of Waldeck - Frankenberg in North Hesse , and Hochsauerlandkreis , Westphalia , Germany .
The Tun Abdul Aziz Mosque or Masjid Tun Abdul Aziz or also known as Masjid Bulat ( Circle Mosque ) is a mosque in Petaling Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Marina Square is a shopping mall in Singapore which opened in the late 1980s .
Mantingan is a district ( kecamatan ) in Ngawi Regency , East Java Province , Indonesia .
Rovinari Coal Mine is an open - pit mining exploitation , the largest in Romania , located in Rovinari , Gorj County .
Argissa Magoula is a Neolithic settlement mound ( tell ) in Thessaly in Greece .
Geleen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ɣəˈleːn ) ; Limburgish : Gelaen ) is a city in the southern part of the province of Limburg in the Netherlands .
The Kondoa Irangi Rock Paintings are a series of caves carved into the side of a hill looking out over the steppe , approximately nine kilometres east of the main highway from Kondoa to Arusha , about 20 km north of Kondoa , in Tanzania .
Kosovskoye Lake ( Russian : Косовское озеро ) is a lake in Russia near Shimsk .
Seyang ( Persian : سينگ‎ , also Romanized as Sey Ang ) is a village in Qohab - e Rastaq Rural District , Amirabad District , Damghan County , Semnan Province , Iran .
Pyrgos Kallistis or simply Pyrgos ( Greek : Πύργος Καλλίστης , literally ' Tower ' ) is a picturesque village on the Aegean island of Santorini , Greece , in the Cyclades archipelago with a population of approx . 732 according to the 2001 census .
Jamkhar Gewog ( Dzongkha : འཇམ་མཁར་ ) is a gewog ( village block ) of Trashiyangtse District , Bhutan .
The Bavarian Forest National Park ( German : Nationalpark Bayerischer Wald ) is a national park in the Eastern Bavarian Forest immediately on Germany 's border with the Czech Republic .
Mehdi Rajeh ( Persian : مهديرجه‎ , also Romanized as Mehdī Rajeh ) is a village in Kolbad - e Gharbi Rural District , Kolbad District , Galugah County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Cadolive is a commune situated east of Marseille at the eastern extremity of the Massif de l'Étoile between Peypin and Saint - Savournin in the department of Bouches - du - Rhône in the Provence - Alpes - Côte d'Azur region in southern France .
Al Muraqqabat ( Arabic : المرقبات‎ ) , sometimes spelled Al Muraqabat , is a locality in Dubai , United Arab Emirates ( UAE ) .
Fåvang stave church ( Fåvang stavkirke ) is a stave church located in Fåvang in Ringebu municipality , Gudbrandsdal , Norway .
The Korle - Bu Teaching Hospital is the premier health care facility in Ghana .
Puštal ( pronounced ( ˈpuːʃtal ) ; German : Burgstall ) is a settlement on the right bank of the Sora River in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
La Pocatière railway station is located on Avenue de la Gare in the town of La Pocatière , Quebec , Canada .
The University of Mannheim Business School ( UMBS ) is among the oldest and most prestigious of the five schools comprising the University of Mannheim , located in Mannheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
Dudle ( Cyrillic : Дудле ) is a village in the municipality of Konjic , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Porta San Pellegrino is a gate in the outer wall of Vatican City .
The first High Commissioner , Prince George of Greece , disembarked at Souda Bay on December 9 , 1898 .
Camp Chezar ( Arabic : كامب شيزار‎ ; also spelled Camp Shezar ) is a neighborhood in Alexandria , Egypt .
The great Trogfurth Bridge ( German : Trogfurther Brücke ) was a historic cultural monument in the Harz Mountains of Germany that was blown up by the SS on 14 April 1945 .
Ringvassøy Church ( Norwegian : Ringvassøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Karlsøy in Troms county , Norway .
The Allal al Fassi Dam is an embankment dam located 18 kilometres ( 11 mi ) northeast of Sefrou on the Sebou River in the Fès - Boulemane region of Morocco .
Zweth or De Zweth is a hamlet in the western Netherlands .
Mazhgeh ( Persian : ماژگه‎ , also Romanized as Māzhgeh ) is a village in Kani Bazar Rural District , Khalifan District , Mahabad County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Buzău Pass ( Romanian : Pasul Buzău ) is a mountain pass that follows the Buzău River and connects Braşov with Buzău over the Buzău Mountains , in the Eastern Carpathians in Romania .
The Al - Rashid Mosque was the first mosque built in Canada .
The Eglinton River is located in the region of Southland in the southwest of New Zealand .
Alviksbron ( Swedish for The Alvik Bridge ) is a box girder bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Zatouna ( Greek : Ζάτουνα ) is a mountain village and a community in the municipal unit of Dimitsana , western Arcadia , Peloponnese , Greece .
Puloly is a village in Jaffna Peninsula , Northern Sri Lanka .
Znojile pri Studencu ( pronounced ( znɔˈjiːlɛ pɾi stuˈdɛːntsu ) ) is a small settlement in the hills west of Studenec in the Municipality of Sevnica in east - central Slovenia .
Plaza Río Tijuana is an open - air shopping center in the Zona Río ( new main business district ) of Tijuana , Baja California , Mexico .
The Museum of Cham Sculpture is a museum located in Hải Châu District , Đà Nẵng , central Vietnam , near the Han River .
Ubinas District is one of eleven districts of the province General Sánchez Cerro in the Moquegua Region in Peru .
The Ghushkhaneh garden is a historical garden in Isfahan , Iran .
Szczyrzyc Abbey ( Polish : Opactwo Cystersów w Szczyrzycu ) is a Cistercian abbey founded in 1234 in the village of Szczyrzyc , Poland .
The Zentralinstitut für Kunstgeschichte ( ZI ; engl . Central Institute for Art History ) , is an independent art - historical research institute in Germany .
The Chalkotheke ( Greek for `` bronze store '' ) was a structure on the Athenian Acropolis , Greece .
Pigeon Island National Park is one of the two marine national parks of Sri Lanka .
The River Philip is a river contained entirely within Cumberland County , Nova Scotia , Canada .
The Komatii Formation is a 3.475 billion year old rock formation , named after the nearby Komati River in South Africa .
In April 2000 Garstang declared itself `` the world 's first Fairtrade Town '' , influencing many other towns , cities and counties around the United Kingdom to work towards the same goal .
The House for Mozart ( formerly known as Kleines Festspielhaus ) is a theatre in Austria .
Country Heights Kajang is a popular township in Kajang , Selangor , Malaysia .
The Razim River or Razelm River is a tributary of the Black Sea , Lake Razelm in Romania
Seh Kani ( Persian : سه كاني‎ , also Romanized as Seh Kānī ; also known as Sakaneh , Sakānī , Sehgāneh ) is a village in Dasht - e Bil Rural District , in the Central District of Oshnavieh County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Tkalčićeva Street ( Croatian : Tkalčićeva ulica , formally : Ivan Tkalčić Street , Ulica Ivana Tkalčića ) is a street in the Zagreb , Croatia city center .
Soğucak ( former Belenkeşlik ) is a town in Mersin Province , Turkey .
Bibishki ( Russian : Бибишки ) is a rural locality ( a village ) in Safonovsky District of Smolensk Oblast , Russia , located 7 kilometers ( 4.3 mi ) southeast of Safonovo and 12 kilometers ( 7.5 mi ) south of the M1 `` Belarus '' Highway , on the right bank of the Vopets River .
Iormughanlo is a village in Sagarejo district in Kakheti province in eastern Georgia located 446 m ( 1,463 ft ) above sea level .
Kattinakere ( ಕಟ್ಟಿನಕೆರೆ ) also called B Sagadde is a hamlet in Soraba Tq , Karnataka state , India .
The Deira Twin Towers ( Arabic : ديرة البرجين التوأمين‎ ) , also known as the Dubai Twin Towers or Rolex Towers are located in eastern Dubai , United Arab Emirates , in Deira .
Rožno ( pronounced ( ˈɾoːʒnɔ ) ) is a dispersed settlement on the left bank of the Sava River west of Brestanica in the Municipality of Krško in eastern Slovenia .
Owiesno ( ɔˈvjɛsnɔ ) ( German : Habendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierżoniów , within Dzierżoniów County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The initial phase of Underpass Park cost approximately $ 6 million , paid for mostly by Government of Canada .
The Lord 's Resistance Army ( LRA ) , also known as the Lord 's Resistance Movement , is a rebel group and heterodox Christian cult which operates in northern Uganda , South Sudan , the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Bellevueplatz ( `` Bellevue Square '' , Bellevue is French for `` beautiful sight '' ) is a town square in Zürich , Switzerland .
Wan'an County ( simplified Chinese : 万安县 ; traditional Chinese : 萬安縣 ; pinyin : Wàn'ān Xiàn ) is a county of Jiangxi province , People 's Republic of China .
Mardinspor is a Turkish football club located in Mardin , Turkey .
The Aran Islands ( Irish : Oileáin Árann -- pronunciation : ( əlʲˈɑːnʲ ˈɑːrənʲ ) ) or The Arans ( na hÁrainneacha--(nə ˈhɑːrənʲəxə ) ) are a group of three islands located at the mouth of Galway Bay , on the west coast of Ireland .
University of Windsor Stadium a.k.a . Alumni Field a.k.a . South Campus Stadium a.k.a . St. Denis Centre Stadium is a 2,000-seat stadium located in Windsor , Ontario , Canada , the stadium is mainly used for soccer and Canadian football .
Barjou , France is a tiny hamlet that lies just off the main D660 road linking Beaumont - du - Périgord and Monpazier .
Ljekova ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љекова ) is a village in the municipality of Trebinje , Republika Srpska , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
10th - Anniversary Stadium ( Polish : Stadion Dziesięciolecia ) , opened in 1955 , was for decades the largest stadium in Warsaw , and one of the largest in Poland .
Foča ( Serbian Cyrillic : Фоча ) is a town and a municipality in Bosnia and Herzegovina on the Drina river , in the Republika Srpska entity .
Ehengah ( Persian : اهنگاه‎ , also Romanized as Ehengāh ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Sidhani is a village situated on the Haryana - Punjab border in the Fatehabad district of Haryana state , India .
Kapušianske Kľačany ( Hungarian : Nyarádkelecsény ) is a village and municipality in Michalovce District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia .
Kinnal Craft or Kinhal Craft ( Kannada : ಕಿನ್ನಾಳ ಕಲೆ ) , is a traditional wooden craft local to the town of Kinhal , or Kinnal , in Koppal District , North Karnataka , India .
Svirachi ( Bulgarian : Свирачи ) is a village in the Haskovo Province , southern Bulgaria .
The Steinerne Renne is a waterfall and natural monument near the town of Wernigerode in the Harz mountains of central Germany .
Timan Garh was built when Tisman ruled over a great area in Western India encompassing the present - day Rajasthan , Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat , Haryana and Western Uttar Pradesh .
Stara Gadka ( ˈstara ˈɡatka ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rzgów , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Chanchati is a village in the Lanchkhuti district of Guria , a western region in the Republic of Georgia .
Midtfyns Festival was a famous rock festival in Denmark .
However , these sectors are not enough to employ all the town 's people and Sommatino is experiencing emigration to northern Italy , France and Germany .
Hasan Hajji ( Persian : حسن حاجي‎ , also Romanized as Ḩasan Ḩājjī ) is a village in Allah - o Akbar Rural District , in the Central District of Dasht - e Azadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Rundāle Palace ( Latvian : Rundāles pils ; German : Schloss Ruhental , formerly also Ruhenthal and Ruhendahl ) is one of the two major baroque palaces built for the Dukes of Courland in what is now Latvia , the other being Jelgava Palace .
Chigirinka ( Russian : Чигиринка , Belarusian : Чыгірынка ) is an agricultural settlement in the vicinity of Mahilyow , Belarus .
Puerto San José is a city on Guatemala 's Pacific Ocean coast , in the department of Escuintla .
Xırdalan ( also , Khyrdalan , Khurdalan , and Xirdalan ) is a city and municipality in and the capital of the Absheron Rayon of Azerbaijan .
Gråkallen is a mountain in the Bymarka area in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Rovinari ( Romanian pronunciation : ( roviˈnarʲ ) ) is a town in Gorj County , southern Romania with a population of 12,603 as of 2002 .
CityCirkel was a one - way circular bus route operated by electrical buses in Copenhagen , Denmark from June 12 , 2009 to October 24 , 2010 .
Magnesia Prefecture ( Greek : Νομός Μαγνησίας ) was one of the prefectures of Greece .
Lozove ( Ukrainian : Лозове ) is an urban - type settlement in the Derazhnia Raion ( district ) of Khmelnytskyi Oblast in western Ukraine .
Oseam or Oseam Temple is a small Korean Buddhist temple located in the area of Mangyeongdae Pavilion , Mount Seorak , Gangwon Province , South Korea .
Koći ( Montenegrin and Serbian Cyrillic : Коћи , Albanian : Kojë ) is a settlement in Podgorica Municipality , Montenegro , near the border with Albania .
Nahr - e Mian ( Persian : نهرميان‎ , also Romanized as Nahr - e Mīān , Nahr Meyān , Nahr Mīān , and Nahrmiyān ; also known as Haran ) is a village in Nahr - e Mian Rural District , Zalian District , Shazand County , Markazi Province , Iran .
Morlaix ( French pronunciation : ​(mɔʁlɛ ) ; Breton : Montroulez ) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in northwestern France .
De Gordel ( Dutch , pronounced ( də ˈɣɔrdəl ) , meaning `` the belt '' ) is a family cycling and walking event in the Brussels Periphery of Belgium .
Leuze - en - Hainaut is a Walloon municipality of Belgium , in the province of Hainaut .
Byala Cherkva ( Bulgarian : Бяла черква ) is a town in Pavlikeni Municipality part of Veliko Turnovo Province , Central - North Bulgaria .
The 1997 Argentine Grand Prix was a Formula One race held at Autódromo Oscar Alfredo Gálvez in Buenos Aires , Argentina on April 13 , 1997 .
Veriora is a small borough ( alevik ) in Põlva County , southeastern Estonia .
The Twintech International University College of Technology , or Twintech for short , is a private publicly funded university college in Malaysia .
Coto 47 Airport ( IATA : OTR , ICAO : MRCC ) is an airport that serves Coto 47 , Costa Rica .
Agios Dimitrianos ( Greek : Άγιος Δημητριανός ) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus , located 12 km west of Pano Panagia .
The Müggelturm ( `` Müggel Tower '' ) is a popular day - trip destination in Köpenick , in southeastern Berlin , Germany .
Premuda ( Croatian pronunciation : ( ˈprɛmuːda ) ) is a small island in Croatia , off the northern Adriatic coast .
Kalateh - ye Jafarabad ( Persian : كلاته جعفراباد‎ , also Romanized as Kalāteh - ye Ja``farābād ) is a village in Titkanlu Rural District , Khabushan District , Faruj County , North Khorasan Province , Iran . At the 2006 census , its population was 337 , in 92 families .
Zapallar is a quaint and elegant seaside resort town , which has played a significant role as a playground for Chile 's economic and political elites .
Frattamaggiore ( locally also known as Fratta ) is a comune in the Metropolitan City of Naples , Campania , Italy .
Ravna planina ( Serbian Cyrillic : Равна планина ) is a mountain in central Serbia , near the town of Vrnjačka Banja .
Xudun District ( Somali : Degmada Xudun ) is a district in the northern Sool region of Somalia .
The Toronto Leader was a newspaper published in Toronto , Canada in the 19th century .
Brisas Hotels and Resorts is a Mexican hotel chain with properties on Acapulco , Mexico City , Querétaro , Ixtapa , Manzanillo , Huatulco and Veracruz .
The Weito River ( also known as the Weyt’o Wenz , Tullaya River ) is a river in the Southern Nations , Nationalities , and Peoples ' Region of Ethiopia .
As of 2011 of India census , Kannad had a population of 40,759 .
Argi ( Persian : ارگي‎ , also Romanized as Argī and Arkī ) is a village in Golmakan Rural District , Golbajar District , Chenaran County , Razavi Khorasan Province , Iran .
Albert Productions , a division of music publishing and recording company Albert Music , is one of Australia 's longest established independent record labels to specialise in rock and roll music .
Bolcie ( ˈbɔlt͡ɕe ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiżajny , within Suwałki County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland , close to the border with Lithuania and Russia .
The Blue Mountains Dams are a series of six dams in the Blue Mountains which supply water to the Blue Mountains and Sydney , Australia .
The National Protestant College is a Lebanese school that was established by the National Evangelical Union of Lebanon , the oldest indigenous Arabic - speaking Protestant congregation in the Middle East .
Blauort is one of Germany 's uninhabited North Sea sandy islets off the coast of Dithmarschen ( near Büsum ) , and measures about 1,200 m from north to south and 500 metres from east to west .
South Eastern Asmara Administration is an administration in Asmara , Eritrea .
Walsh Cove Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia , Canada comprising the northeast portion of West Redonda Island in the Discovery Islands archipelago .
The Los Estoraques Unique Natural Area ( Spanish : Área Natural Única Los Estoraques ) is one of the smaller national parks , covering only 6 km2 ( 2.3 sq mi ) , located in the Cordillera Oriental of Colombia in the Norte de Santander Department .
Vartdalsfjorden is a fjord ( more technically , a strait ) in Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Fisktorget or Fisktorg ( English : Fish market ) is a former public square in Malmö , Sweden .
PAVED Arts is a new media art Artist run centre located in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada that focuses on what it calls the ' PAVED Arts ' arts : photography , audio , video , electronic and digital .
Połczyn - Zdrój ( ˈpɔu̯t͡ʂɨn ˈzdrui̯ ) ( German : Bad Polzin ) is a town in Świdwin County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , Poland , with 11,153 inhabitants ( 2007 ) .
Fannrem concentration camp ( Norwegian : Fannrem fangeleir ) was a concentration camp in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør - Trøndelag county , Norway .
Adyghe Autonomous Oblast ( Russian : Адыге́йская автоно́мная о́бласть ) was an autonomous oblast within Krasnodar Krai , Soviet Union .
The Fridericianum is a museum in Kassel , Germany .
Stirpnik ( pronounced ( ˈstiːɾpnik ) ) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Škofja Loka in the Upper Carniola region of Slovenia .
The Maya Biosphere Reserve ( Reserva de la Biosfera Maya ) is a nature reserve in Guatemala managed by Guatemala 's National Council of Protected Areas ( CONAP ) .
Neuendorf - Sachsenbande is a municipality in Wilstermarsch , in the district of Steinburg , in Schleswig - Holstein , Germany .
The Waita River is in the West Coast Region of New Zealand 's South Island .
Real Fábrica del Buen Retiro ( popularly called La China ; translation , `` Buen Retiro Porcelain Factory '' ; alternate , Real Fabrica de Porcelana del Buen Retiro ) was a porcelain manufacturing factory in Spain .
The Flemish Ardennes is an informal name given to a hilly region in the south of the province of East Flanders , Belgium .
Bargi Dam is one of the first completed dams out of the chain of 30 major dams to be constructed on Narmada River in Madhya Pradesh , India .
The TripleOne Somerset ( Chinese : 新加坡能源大厦 ; pinyin : Xīnjiāpō néngyuán dàshà ) is a high - rise commercial building and shopping mall on Somerset Road in Orchard , Singapore .
Connexxion is a large public transport bus company in the Netherlands , operating in the west , middle , east and south - west part of the country .
Sokhek is a village in Kathmandu District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal .
Beceite ( Spanish : ( beˈθeite ) ) or Beseit ( Catalan : ( bəˈzɛjt ) , locally : ( beˈzejt ) ) is a municipality located in the Matarraña / Matarranya comarca , province of Teruel , Aragon , Spain .
Przyborowice Górne ( pʂɨbɔrɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Załuski , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Marikina River ( Tagalog : Ilog Marikina ) is a river in eastern Metro Manila , Philippines .
Dolgoprudny ( Russian : Долгопру́дный ) is a town in Moscow Oblast , Russia , located about 20 kilometers ( 12 mi ) north of Moscow city center .
Pol - e Siah , or the Black Bridge , in Ahvaz , Iran , is a national heritage site .
Mainé - Soroa ( Maine - Soroa , Maïné - Soroa ) is a town in southeastern Niger , the capital of the Mainé - Soroa Department , and is in turn part of Diffa Region .
Daaibooi is a beach on the Caribbean island of Curaçao , located close to the village of Sint Willibrordus , a 30 minutes drive to the north - west of Willemstad .
Krobusz ( ˈkrɔbuʂ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Biała , within Prudnik County , Opole Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Dholan Hithar is a big village of Kasur Tehsil in the Punjab province of Pakistan .
Kraszewo - Czubaki ( kraˈʂɛvɔ t͡ʂuˈbaki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raciąż , within Płońsk County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Łuby - Kurki ( ˈwubɨ ˈkurki ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miastkowo , within Łomża County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Bia East District is one of the districts and municipalities in Ghana created before the general parliamentary and presidential election in 2012 .
Camp Hovey is a United States Army military base in Dongducheon , Gyeonggi Province , South Korea .
The Shire of Baw Baw is a local government area in Victoria , Australia , in the eastern part of the state .
Agridaki ( Greek : Αγριδάκι ; Turkish : Alemdağ ) is a village in Cyprus , located 1 km east of Larnakas tis Lapithou .
National Cycle Route 57 is part of the United Kingdom 's National Cycle Network .
Jania Góra ( ˈjaɲa ˈɡura ) ( German : Johannisberg ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Świekatowo , within Świecie County , Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - central Poland .
The White Drin Canyon or White Drin Gorge ( Albanian : Gryka e Drinit të Bardhë ; Serbian : Kanjon Belog Drima , Кањон Белог Дрима ) is a small canyon located in the southwestern Kosovo .
Porječina ( Serbian : Порјечина ) is a village in the municipality of Gračanica , Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Audunborg or Hegrenes - borga was a castle and fortification built by Audun Hugleiksson on his inherited estate at Ålhus on the shores of the Jølstravatn in the municipality of Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Wittelbee Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia adjoining the headland of Wittelbee Point about 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) south east of the town of Ceduna .
Edøyfjorden is a fjord ( more technically , a strait ) in the Nordmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county , Norway .
Morawce ( mɔˈraft͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krośniewice , within Kutno County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Aghribs is a village and commune in the province of Tizi Ouzou in northern Algeria .
The Auditorio Siglo XXI ( or Auditorio Metropolitano ) is an venue located in Puebla , Mexico .
Tambao is a Manganese deposit and potential mine site in the Oudalan Province , located in the Sahel Region , which the far northeastern part of Burkina Faso .
The Macmillan Brown Library ( also known by its Māori name Te Puna Rakahau o Macmillan Brown ) is a research library , archive , and art gallery based in the New Zealand city of Christchurch .
Frafjord is a village and farming community in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland , Norway .
Vigevano Cathedral ( Italian : Duomo di Vigevano , Cattedrale di Sant'Ambrogio ) is a Roman Catholic cathedral dedicated to Saint Ambrose and located in the Piazza Ducale of Vigevano , Italy .
Southland Girls ' High School is a girls ' secondary school in Invercargill , New Zealand .
Wojcieszków ( vɔi̯ˈt͡ɕeʂkuf ) is a village in Łuków County , Lublin Voivodeship , in eastern Poland .
The Chocavento Tower ( Edificio Chocavento ) is a highrise office building located in the San Isidro district of Lima , Peru , built in 2001 .
Port of Oskarshamn is a seaport in Oskarshamn , Kalmar County , in southeastern Sweden .
Kamuli Mission Hospital , is a hospital in Kamuli , Kamuli District , in Eastern Uganda .
Mount Pan ( simplified Chinese : 盘山 ; traditional Chinese : 盤山 ; pinyin : Pán Shān ) is a mountain in Ji County , Tianjin Municipality , People 's Republic of China .
Ukuwela ( Sinhala:උකුවෙල , Tamil:உக்குவளை ) is a small town in Sri Lanka .
Pombalinho is a village and a civil parish in the municipality of Golegã , Portugal .
Kozołupy ( kɔzɔˈwupɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek , within Węgrów County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Zapata Peninsula ( Spanish : Península de Zapata ) is a large peninsula in Matanzas Province , southern Cuba , at 22.30 ° N 81.38 ° W. Ciénaga de Zapata National Park is located on the peninsula .
Lagameshwar is a village in the Belgaum district in the southwest state of Karnataka , India .
Przeworsk County ( Polish : powiat przeworski ) is a unit of territorial administration and local government ( powiat ) in Subcarpathian Voivodeship , south - eastern Poland .
The Marlin Mine is a gold mine in Guatemala owned by Montana Exploradora de Guatemala , S.A ( Montana ) , which is a subsidiary of Canadian company Goldcorp .
Dagomys railway station ( Russian : Станция Дагомыс ) is a railway station of the North Caucasus Railway , a subsidiary of Russian Railways , located in Dagomys Microdistrict , Lazarevsky City District of Sochi , Krasnodar Krai , Russia .
Yasynuvata ( Ukrainian : Ясинувата ; Russian : Ясиноватая -- Yasinovataya ) is a city in Donetsk Oblast ( province ) of south - eastern Ukraine .
Melaky is a region in northwestern Madagascar .
Kołbaskowo ( kɔu̯basˈkɔvɔ ) ( German : Kolbitzow ) is a village in Police County , West Pomeranian Voivodeship , in north - western Poland , close to the German border .
Risøyhamn is a village on the southern part of the island of Andøya in the municipality of Andøy in Nordland county , Norway .
Kijanice ( kijaˈnit͡sɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lututów , within Wieruszów County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
Czyczkowy Wybudowanie ( t͡ʂɨt͡ʂˈkɔvɨ vɨbudɔˈvaɲe ) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Brusy , within Chojnice County , Pomeranian Voivodeship , in northern Poland .
Tovdalselva or Topdalselva ( literally : the Tov valley river ) is 143 kilometres ( 89 mi ) long and is one of the longest rivers in Southern Norway .
Črmljenšak ( pronounced ( tʃəɾˈmleːnʃak ) ) is a settlement in the Slovene Hills ( Slovene : Slovenske gorice ) in the Municipality of Lenart in northeastern Slovenia .
Pacheia Ammos ( Greek : Παχειά Άμμος ) is a village in the municipality of Ierapetra on the island of Crete in Greece .
Feios Church ( Norwegian : Feios kyrkje ) is a parish church in Vik Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county , Norway .
Kalupe Parish ( Latvian : Kalupes pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Daugavpils Municipality , Latvia .
The Ecumenical Centre in Geneva , Switzerland is located in the vicinity of the International Labour Organization , International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement , and the World Health Organization and serves as the base for the following Church organizations :
The Ratak Chain ( Marshallese : Ratak , ( rˠɑɑ̯dˠɑk ) ) is a chain of islands within the island nation of the Marshall Islands .
Adralaid is a small islet belonging to Virtsu small borough in Hanila Parish , Lääne County , Estonia .
Bonaventure railway station was a staffed Via Rail station in the town of Bonaventure , Quebec , Canada .
Filitosa is a megalithic site in southern Corsica , France .
Gollis University ( GU ) is a privately - owned university in Hargeisa , the capital of the northwestern Somaliland region of Somalia .
Rezvan Kola ( Persian : رضوانكلا‎ , also Romanized as Reẕvān Kolā ) is a village in Talarpey Rural District , in the Central District of Simorgh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
Hatunk'uchu ( Quechua hatun big , k'uchu corner , `` big corner '' , hispanicized spelling Jatuncucho ) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,400 metres ( 17,717 ft ) high .
Akashi Park Stadium is a track and field stadium located in Akashi Park , in Akashi , Hyōgo Prefecture in Japan .
Alt - Wülflingen Castle ( German : Burgruine Alt - Wülflingen ) is a castle in the city of Winterthur of the canton of Zurich in Switzerland .
Kajai ( Persian : كجايي‎ , also Romanized as Kajā’ī ; also known as Bajmīn ) is a village in Bakesh - e Yek Rural District , in the Central District of Mamasani County , Fars Province , Iran .
Köhnə Gəgir ( also , Këgna Gegir and Konagager ) a village and the least populous municipality in the Lankaran Rayon of Azerbaijan .
The Ministry of Housing and Local Government was a United Kingdom government department formed after the Second World War , covering the areas of housing and local government .
Namnak ( Persian : نمنك‎ ) is a village in Emamzadeh Seyyed Mahmud Rural District , Sardasht District , Dezful County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Jangtud is a barangay in the municipality of Palapag , in the province of Northern Samar , Philippines .
Balbieriškis ( Polish : Balwierzyszki German : Bauwerischeck , Bauwersk Russian : Бальвержишки , Бальберишкис ) a small town in Kaunas County in central Lithuania .
Ahrenshoop is a municipality in the Vorpommern - Rügen district , in Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Germany on the Fischland - Darß - Zingst peninsula of the Baltic Sea .
The Shah - i - Kot Valley ( also Shahi - Kot , Shah - e - Kot and other variant spellings ) is a valley located in Afghanistan 's Paktia province , southeast of the town of Zormat .
Voskepar ( Armenian : Ոսկեպար ; formerly , Aksibara and Akhsibara ) is a village in the northeastern Tavush Province of Armenia , 163 kilometres ( 101 mi ) north of Yerevan .
Chervonosilske is a village in Ukraine , Amvrosievsky district of Donetsk region .
Ammersoyen Castle ( Dutch : Kasteel Ammersoyen ) is located in Ammerzoden in the Bommelerwaard region in the province of Gelderland , the Netherlands .
Rothesay Netherwood School is an Atlantic Canadian , independent day and boarding university - preparatory school for grades 6 - 12 located in Rothesay , New Brunswick , a suburb of Saint John , New Brunswick , Canada .
Marmande ( in Occitan , Marmanda ) is a commune in the Lot - et - Garonne département in south - western France .
To the east of the village are the Halvergate Marshes , an area of drainage marsh which was the site of the first Environmentally Sensitive Area in the United Kingdom in 1987 .
Tuba - Zangariyye or Tuba az - Zanghariyya ( Arabic : طوبه زنغرية‎ , Hebrew : טוּבָּא - זַנְגָרִיָה ) is a Bedouin town in the North District of Israel that achieved local council status in 1988 .
Lake Syväri ( Finnish : Syväri ) is a medium - sized lake in Finland .
Guichón is a small city in the Paysandú Department of western Uruguay .
Devil Ark is an animal preservation project based in New South Wales , Australia .
Ala - Too Square ( Kyrgyz : Ала-тоо аянты , ( ɑlɑtoː ɑjɑntɯ́ ) ; Russian : Площадь Ала-Тоо , ( ˈploɕːədʲ ɐlɐˈto ) ) is the central square in Bishkek , Kyrgyzstan .
Surp Agop Hospital ( Turkish : Surp Agop Hastanesi ) or Saint Jacob Armenian Hospital is a hospital in the Elmadağ neighborhood of Şişli district of Istanbul which was established in 1837 and continues to be operated by the Armenian Catholic community of Turkey .
Kolodong , New South Wales ( 31 ° 54′S 152 ° 26′E ) is a locality between Taree and Wingham in the Manning Valley on the Mid North Coast of New South Wales , Australia in the City of Greater Taree .
The 1935 SABENA Savoia - Marchetti S.73 crash occurred on 10 December 1935 when Savoia - Marchetti S.73 OO - AGN of Belgian airline SABENA crashed at Tatsfield , Surrey , England , whilst on an international scheduled flight from Brussels Airport , Belgium to Croydon Airport , United Kingdom .
Ganye is a town and Local Government Area of Adamawa State , Nigeria .
Belkachi ( Russian : Белькачи ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) , the only inhabited locality , and the administrative center of Belkachi Village in Ust - Maysky District of the Sakha Republic , Russia , located 131 kilometers ( 81 mi ) from Ust - Maya , the administrative center of the district .
K'allapayuq ( Quechua k'allapa stretcher , -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership , `` the one with a stretcher '' , hispanicized spelling Callapayoc ) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru , about 5,000 metres ( 16,404 ft ) high .
Grotowo ( ɡrɔˈtɔvɔ ) ( German Hoppendorf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie , within Bartoszyce County , Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship , in northern Poland , close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia .
Wilczonek ( vilˈt͡ʂɔnɛk ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kotuń , within Siedlce County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Kików ( ˈkikuf ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Solec - Zdrój , within Busko County , Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship , in south - central Poland .
Rebbenesøya ( Northern Sami : Ruobbá ) is an island in Troms county , Norway .
Francisco Sá Carneiro Airport ( IATA : OPO , ICAO : LPPR ) or simply Porto Airport is an international airport near Porto ( Oporto ) , Portugal .
The Anhangabaú River ( in Portuguese : Rio Anhangabaú ) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil .
De Kromme Watergang is a restaurant located in Slijkplaat , Hoofdplaat in the Netherlands .
Miechocin ( Latin : Miechovia ) is the oldest part of today 's town of Tarnobrzeg , Poland .
Nemanjina Street ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немањина улица ; English : Nemanja Street ) is a very important thoroughfare in downtown Belgrade , Serbia , in the Savski Venac municipality .
Tirohanga is a suburb of Lower Hutt City situated at the bottom of the North Island of New Zealand .
Selcë e Poshtme ( `` Lower Selcë '' ) is a village located in the Mokra area , Korçë County , Albania .
Skrzyńsko ( ˈskʂɨɲskɔ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przysucha , within Przysucha County , Masovian Voivodeship , in east - central Poland .
Wadowice Górne ( vadɔˈvit͡sɛ ˈɡurnɛ ) is a village in Mielec County , Subcarpathian Voivodeship , in south - eastern Poland .
Selska Polyana is a village in the municipality of Madzharovo , in Haskovo Province , in southern Bulgaria .
Șăulia ( Hungarian : Mezősályi , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmɛzøːʃaːji ) ) is a commune in Mureș County , Romania that is composed of four villages :
Mevo Modi'im ( Hebrew : מְבוֹא מוֹדִיעִים , lit . Modi'im Gateway ) , officially Me'or Modi'im ( Hebrew : מְאוֹר מוֹדִיעִים ) , is a religious communal settlement in central Israel .
Lund ( Swedish pronunciation : ( lɵnd ) ) is a city in the province of Scania ( Skåne ) , southern Sweden .
Sweetwaters Music Festival was a series of events held between 1980 and 1999 , at venues such as a farm in Ngaruawahia , then further north on a farm near Pukekawa , and finally at South Auckland , New Zealand .
Al Satwa ( Arabic : السطوة‎ ) is a community in Dubai , United Arab Emirates comprising high - density retail outlets and private residential dwellings .
Oriental Institute of Technology ( OIT ; Chinese : 亞東技術學院 ) is a private university in Banqiao District , New Taipei , Taiwan .
Cape São Roque ( Port . Cabo de São Roque ) or Cape of Saint Roch , is a cape in northeastern tip of Brazil .
Bulguksa is located on the slopes of mount Toham ( Jinheon - dong , Gyeongju city , North Gyeongsang province , South Korea ) .
Punta de Chimino is a Maya archaeological site in the Petexbatún region of the department of Petén in Guatemala .
Al - Zaazu ' ( Arabic : الزعزوع‎ ) is a village in northern Syria , administratively part of al - Raqqah Governorate , located north of al - Raqqah .
Burj al - Qasab ( Arabic : برج القصب‎ ) is a town in northwestern Syria , administratively part of the Latakia Governorate , located north of Latakia close to Ras Ibn Hani .
Murski Črnci ( Hungarian : Muracsermely , Prekmurje dialect : Črnec , German : Deutschendorf ) is a village in the Municipality of Tišina in the Prekmurje region of northeastern Slovenia .
Hatzeva ( Hebrew : חֲצֵבָה ) is a moshav in southern Israel .
Songsan Station ( Hangul : 송산역 ; hanja : 松山驛 ) is a station of the U Line in Yonghyeon - dong , Uijeongbu , Gyeonggi - do , South Korea .
Budian ( Persian : بوديان‎ , also Romanized as Būdīān ) is a village in Tulem Rural District , Tulem District , Sowme'eh Sara County , Gilan Province , Iran .
Ouyoun ( Arabic : العيون‎ translit . al-ʿouyoun ) is a village in Mount Lebanon , Lebanon .
Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Hospital , formerly known as Hospital Temerloh , is a 498-bed government - funded multi - specialty hospital located in the district of Temerloh in the state of Pahang , Malaysia .
The Arrondissement of Oudenaarde ( Dutch : Arrondissement Oudenaarde ; French : Arrondissement d'Audenarde ) is one of the six administrative arrondissements in the Province of East Flanders , Belgium .
The Moose Jaw Canadian Pacific Railway Station ( located in Moose Jaw , Saskatchewan , Canada ) is a disused station that was designed by Hugh G. Jones and built by the Canadian Pacific Railway from 1920 - -1922 .
Poliske ( Ukrainian : Поліське ) or Polesskoye ( Russian : Полесское ) is an abandoned settlement and former town in the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone , part of Kiev Oblast , Ukraine .
Do Ab Mardakh ( Persian : دواب مردخ‎ , also Romanized as Do Āb Mardakh ; also known as Deh - e Ābmardakh and Mardakh ) is a village in Howmeh Rural District , in the Central District of Rasht County , Gilan Province , Iran .
The Taj Mahal was designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983 for being `` the jewel of Muslim art in India and one of the universally admired masterpieces of the world 's heritage '' .
Gamus ( Persian : گاموس‎ , also Romanized as Gāmūs ; also known as Jāmūs ) is a village in Chaybasar - e Jonubi Rural District , in the Central District of Maku County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Belver de Cinca ( Spanish : ( belˈβer ðe ˈθiŋka ) ) or Bellver de Cinca ( Catalan : ( ˌbeʎˈβɛ ðə siŋkə ) , locally : ( ˌbelˈβeɾ ðe ˈsiŋka ) ) is a municipality located in the province of Huesca , Aragon , Spain .
Aix - en - Othe is a former commune in the Aube department in the Champagne - Ardennes region of north - central France .
Mohammadabad - e Mirza ( Persian : محمدابادميرزا‎ , also Romanized as Moḩammadābād - e Mīrzā ; also known as Tolombeh - ye Moḩammadābād - e Mīrzā’ī ) is a village in Mahmudabad - e Seyyed Rural District , in the Central District of Sirjan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Elba ( Italian : isola d'Elba , pronounced ( ˈiːzola ˈdelba ) ; Latin : Ilva ; Ancient Greek : Αἰθαλία , Aithalia ) is a Mediterranean island in Tuscany , Italy , 10 kilometres ( 6.2 mi ) from the coastal town of Piombino .
Langhus is a village in the municipality of Ski in Norway with a population of about 13,000 .
Choqa Bala - ye Sofla ( Persian : چقابالاسفلي‎ , also Romanized as Choqā Bālā - ye Soflá ) is a village in Parsinah Rural District , in the Central District of Sonqor County , Kermanshah Province , Iran .
Savegre River ( Spanish pronunciation : ( saˈβeɣɾe ) ) is a river of Costa Rica .
The Port of Le Havre , Grand Port Maritime du Havre , is the Port and port authority of the Normandy city of Le Havre , France .
Behtarabad ( Persian : بهتراباد‎ , also Romanized as Behtarābād ) is a village in Gonbaki Rural District , Gonbaki District , Rigan County , Kerman Province , Iran .
Mount Rosary Church ( Portuguese : De Nossa Senhora do Rosario de Calliampoor ) is a Roman Catholic church situated in Kallianpur in the Udupi district of India .
Suiling County ( simplified Chinese : 绥棱县 ; traditional Chinese : 綏棱縣 ; pinyin : Suílíng Xiàn ) is a county of west - central Heilongjiang province , People 's Republic of China .
The Virginia Parker Prize ( originally known as the Virginia P. Moore Prize ) is an annual award given to outstanding young classical musicians ( singers , instrumentalists , or conductors ) who have previously been recipients of Canada Council grants .
Antsiafabositra is a town and commune ( Malagasy : kaominina ) in central Madagascar approximately 170 kilometres north - west of the capital Antananarivo .
The Sterckshof silver museum of the province of Antwerp ( Dutch : Zilvermuseum Sterckshof Provincie Antwerpen , French : Musée de l'Argenterie de Sterckshof ) is located in Sterckshof castle in Deurne , Province of Antwerp , Belgium .
The Gestapo ( German pronunciation : ( ɡeˈstaːpo , ɡəˈʃtaːpo ) ) , abbreviation of Geheime Staatspolizei , or the Secret State Police was the official secret police of Nazi Germany and German - occupied Europe .
Bloor GO Station is a railway station on GO Transit 's Kitchener line and the Union Pearson Express rail service , located in Toronto , Canada , at 1456 Bloor Street West , between Lansdowne Avenue and Dundas Street West .
Spálené Poříčí ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈspaːlɛnɛː ˈpor̝iːtʃiː ) ; German : Brennporitschen ) is a town in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic .
Mdhila ( Arabic : المضيلة‎ Al Maḏīla ) is a town and commune in the Gafsa Governorate , Tunisia .
Bohumín ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈboɦumiːn ) ; Polish : Bogumin , German : Oderberg ) is a town in Karviná District , Moravian - Silesian Region , Czech Republic on the border with Poland .
Roslavl ( Russian : Ро́славль , Polish : Rosław ) is a town and the administrative center of Roslavlsky District in Smolensk Oblast , Russia .
Robinsons Summit Center , formerly known as the JG Summit Center , is an office skyscraper located in Makati , Philippines .
Daszów ( ˈdaʂuf ) ( German : Dahsau ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jemielno , within Góra County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
Zapudje ( pronounced ( zaˈpuːdjɛ ) ) is a village in the hills south of Dragatuš in the Municipality of Črnomelj in the White Carniola area of southeastern Slovenia .
Hugo Cantergiani Regional Airport ( IATA : CXJ , ICAO : SBCX ) , formerly called Campo dos Bugres Airport , is the airport serving Caxias do Sul , Brazil .
Ciudad Guayana ( Spanish pronunciation : ( sjuˈðað ɣwaˈʝana ) ) is a city in Bolívar State , Venezuela .
The Abendsonne was a motorcycle manufactured in Germany in 1933 - 1934 by Georg Wessbinder .
Arachova ( Greek : Αράχωβα , also Αράχοβα ) is a mountain town and a former municipality in the western part of Boeotia , Greece .
The Solarpark Alt Daber is a photovoltaic facility in Germany with 67.8 megawatts ( MW , 90,900 hp ) .
Kamieniec Ząbkowicki ( kaˈmjɛɲɛt͡s zɔmpkɔˈvit͡ski ) ( German : Kamenz N.S. ) is a village in Ząbkowice Śląskie County , Lower Silesian Voivodeship , in south - western Poland .
The Central Land Council is an Indigenous Land Council that represents the indigenous people of the southern half of the Northern Territory of Australia , predominantly in land issues .
Do Ab Training Camp ( Persian : پادگان اموزش دواب‎ -- Pādegān - e Amūzesh Do Āb ; also known as Padegān - e Do Āb ) is a village and military installation in Rastupey Rural District , in the Central District of Savadkuh County , Mazandaran Province , Iran .
With its mild summer temperature , Slinfah is one of the most popular tourist destinations in Syria , both among locals and foreigners .
Rurala Road ( Urdu : روڑالہ روڈ‎ ) is a small town in the tehsil of Jaranwala , district of Faisalabad , Punjab , Pakistan .
The Ouatchi Plateau is a tableland in southern central Togo , West Africa .
Pattoki railway station ( Urdu : پتوکی ریلوے اسٹیشن ‎ ) ) is located in Pattoki city , Kasur district of Punjab province of the Pakistan .
The Liverpool School of Tropical Medicine ( LSTM ) is a higher education institution and registered charity located in Liverpool , United Kingdom .
Riverdale South is an electoral district which elects a Member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) to the Legislative Assembly of the Yukon Territory in Canada .
Zaporizhstal , is Ukraine 's fourth largest steel maker with an annual capacity of 4.5 mil . tonnes of steel , 3.3 mil . tonnes of pig iron , 4.1 mil . of finished steel products , and ranks 54th in the world .
Koce - Schaby ( ˈkɔt͡sɛ ˈsxabɨ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ciechanowiec , within Wysokie Mazowieckie County , Podlaskie Voivodeship , in north - eastern Poland .
Verin Bazmaberd ( Armenian : Վերին Բազմաբերդ ; formerly , Verin Agdzhakala , Aghjaghala Ulia , and Verkhnyaya Agdzhakala ) is a town in the Aragatsotn Province of Armenia .
Les Rosiers - sur - Loire is a commune in the Maine - et - Loire department in the Pays de la Loire Region in western France .
Department of Agriculture , Bampur ( Persian : اداره كشاورزي‎ -- Ādāreh Keshāvarzī ) is a village and government facility in Bampur - e Sharqi Rural District , in the Central District of Bampur County , Sistan and Baluchestan Province , Iran .
Le Gouray ( Breton : Gorre ) is a former commune in the Côtes - d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France .
Līgo parish ( Latvian : Līgo pagasts ) is an administrative unit of the Gulbene District , Latvia .
Guayabal de Síquima also known as `` The Golden Gate of the Central Magdalena '' is a municipality and town of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca located in the Central Magdalena Province 69 km from Bogotá .
Bagh - e Dehak ( Persian : باغ دهك‎ , also Romanized as Bāgh - e Dehak ) is a village in Raqqeh Rural District , Eresk District , Boshruyeh County , South Khorasan Province , Iran .
Qeshlaq - e Moqaddam Shabandeh ( Persian : قشلاق مقدم شابنده ‎ , also Romanized as Qeshlāq - e Moqaddam Shābandeh ; also known as Qeshlāq - e Shāhbandeh and Qeshlāq - e Moqaddam ) is a village in Garamduz Rural District , Garamduz District , Khoda Afarin County , East Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Siriu is a commune in Buzău County , Romania , on the valley of Buzău River .
Lipin Bor ( Russian : Липин Бор ) is a rural locality ( a selo ) and the administrative center of Vashkinsky District , Vologda Oblast , Russia , located on the northern shore of Lake Beloye .
Windmill Theatre ( previously known as Windmill Performing Arts ) established in 2002 as a South Australian Government initiative is Australia 's flagship professional theatre company for child and young adult audiences .
Quyquyhó ( Guaraní : Kuykuyho ) is a town in the Paraguarí department of Paraguay .
Ponta do Seixas ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈpõtɐ du ˈsejʃɐs ) ) , also known as Cape Branco , is a cape on the Atlantic coast of Paraíba state , eastern Brazil , that forms the easternmost point of the American continents , roughly 8 km ( 5 mi ) southeast of João Pessoa , the state capital .
Västerbron ( Swedish : The Western Bridge ) is an arch bridge in central Stockholm , Sweden .
The ARY Digital Tower was a 45-floor tower in the Dubai Media City in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
The Agadão River ( Portuguese : Rio Agadão ) is a river in Portugal .
Finska Kyrkogränd ( Swedish : `` Finnish Church Alley '' ) is a blind alley in Gamla stan , the old town in central Stockholm , Sweden .
Lavar - e Sofla ( Persian : لاورسفلي‎‎ , also Romanized as Lāvar - e Soflá ; also known as Lāvar ) is a village in Deh Tall Rural District , in the Central District of Bastak County , Hormozgan Province , Iran .
Ain Shams University ( Arabic : جامعة عين شمس‎ ) is an institute of higher education located in Cairo , Egypt .
Khanafereh District ( Persian : بخش خنافره‎ ) is a district ( bakhsh ) in Shadegan County , Khuzestan Province , Iran .
Krplivnik ( pronounced ( kəɾˈpliːu̯nik ) ; Hungarian : Kapronak ) is a village on the right bank of the Big Krka River ( Slovene : Velika Krka ) in the Municipality of Hodoš in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia .
The Gundaroo Catholic Pioneer Cemetery is on the Sutton Road opposite the beginning of Back Creek Road a few kilometres south of Gundaroo , New South Wales , Australia .
The 1968 Winter Olympics , officially known as the X Olympic Winter Games , was a winter multi - sport event held in Grenoble , France , from 6 to 18 February 1968 .
Warri Township Stadium is a multi - purpose stadium in Warri , Nigeria on Cemetery Road .
Rivière Bonnard Airport , ( TC LID : CRB4 ) , is located near the Rivière Bonnard ( Bonnard river ) in Mont - Valin , Quebec , Canada .
Comillas is a small township and municipality in the northern reaches of Spain , in the autonomous community of Cantabria .
Bur Salah ( Somali : Bur Saalax ) is a town in the north - central Mudug region of Somalia .
The Cannobino is a little river or stream located in the province of Verbano Cusio Ossola in the region of Piedmont in the north of Italy , which by the local population often is simply called ' Il Fiume ' ( the river ) .
Located 1,300 km southeast of the Indian subcontinent , across the Bay of Bengal , they form part of the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands , India .
Otterøy Church ( Norwegian : Otterøy kirke ) is a parish church in the municipality of Namsos in Nord - Trøndelag county , Norway .
The Rabaul ( Bita Paka ) War Cemetery , established in 1945 , is located near the site of the former Bita Paka wireless station south of the city of Rabaul , New Britain , in Papua New Guinea .
Budy Wandalińskie ( ˈbudɨ vandaˈliɲskʲɛ ) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Brójce , within Łódź East County , Łódź Voivodeship , in central Poland .
According to the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Sheriff Hill has a population of 5,051 -- 53 % of whom are female , slightly above the national average , and 47 % are male .
Kerava ( Finnish pronunciation : ( ˈkerɑʋɑ ) ; Swedish : Kervo ) is a town and municipality in Finland .
Kerkrade ( ( ˈkɛrkraːdə ) , Kerkrade dialect : Kirchroa ( ˈkeʁçʁoə̯ ) ) is a town and a municipality in the southeast of Limburg , the southernmost province of the Netherlands .
The Tasmanian Certificate of Education or TCE , is the main credential awarded to secondary school students who successfully complete senior high school level studies ( years 11 and 12 or equivalent , referred to generally as College within Tasmania ) in Tasmania , Australia .
The Circuito Internacional de Vila Real is a 4.600 kilometres ( 2.86 mi ) temporary street circuit in Vila Real , Portugal .
The Ateneo de Tuguegarao was a Catholic college in Tuguegarao , Cagayan , Philippines run by the Society of Jesus .
The Donald K. Johnson Eye Centre is Canada 's largest clinical and research institute for vision .
Loma Negra Companía Industrial Argentina S.A. is an Argentine manufacturer and the country 's leading maker of cement , concrete , and lime .
Kryonerida ( Greek : Κρυονερίδα ) is a former municipality in the Chania regional unit , Crete , Greece .
Słupca ( ˈswupt͡sa ) is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship , Poland , and the seat of Słupca County .
Anagni is an ancient town and comune in Latium , central Italy , in the hills east - southeast of Rome .
The Zafimaniry are a sub - group of the Betsileo ethnic group of Madagascar .
Sea Life Bangkok Ocean World ( formerly , Siam Ocean World ) is an aquarium in Bangkok , Thailand , the largest in South East Asia .
Haji Mohd Lazim Bridge or Tanjung Sedili Bridge ( Malay : Jambatan Haji Mohd Lazim Jawi : جمبتن حاج محمد لازيم ) is a river bridge in Sedili , Johor , Malaysia .
The Melaten - Friedhof ( Melaten Cemetery ) is the central cemetery of Cologne , Germany .
Santa Maria della Verità ( once called Sant'Agostino degli Scalzi or Santa Maria dell'Oliva ) is a church in rione Materdei , in the quartiere of Stella of Naples , Italy .
Aparri is a first class municipality in the province of Cagayan , Luzon , Philippines .
La Vallon Airfield is an abandoned World War II military airfield in France , which is located approximately 6 km north - northeast of Montbrison ( Departement de la Loire , Rhone - Alpes ) ; about 385 km south - southeast of Paria .
The Palawan State University ( PSU ) is a government - funded university in Puerto Princesa , Palawan , Philippines .
The Chambre de commerce et d'industrie de Lyon ( Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Lyon ) is one of the Chambers of Commerce and Industry of the Rhône department in France .
Mu Ko Siboya , also known as Ko Siboya Tambon , is a group of islands which is part of Nuea Khlong District in Krabi Province , Thailand .
Studenkovići ( Serbian : Студенковићи ) is a village in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
The Wörpe is a small river in the northern part of the state of Lower Saxony in Germany .
Videž ( pronounced ( ˈʋiːdɛʃ ) ) is a village south of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia .
Höör ( Swedish pronunciation : ( hœːr ) ) is a locality and the seat of Höör Municipality , Skåne County , Sweden with 7,865 inhabitants in 2010 .
Krauncha Giri is believed to be the first abode of Subramanya in south India .
Waterloo Street ( Chinese : 滑铁卢街 ) is a two - way street in downtown Singapore stretching from Rochor Road to Bras Basah Road .
Hesar - e Tarmani ( Persian : حصارترمني‎ , also Romanized as Ḩeşār - e Tarmanī ; also known as Ḩeşār - e Qareh Ḩasanlū ) is a village in Bakeshluchay Rural District , in the Central District of Urmia County , West Azerbaijan Province , Iran .
Beit Oved ( Hebrew : בֵּית עוֹבֵד , lit . House of Worker or House of Obed ) is a moshav in central Israel .
INCAE Business School is an international business school located at the Francisco de Sola campus in Nicaragua and the Walter Kissling Gam campus in Costa Rica .
Bassir ( Arabic : بصير‎ ) is a village in Hauran , located 630 meters ( 0.4 miles ) above sea level and 51 kilometers ( 32 mi ) southern of Damascus in Syria .
At Tutan ( Persian : ات توتان‎ , also Romanized as Āt Tūtān ) is a village in Arshaq - e Markazi Rural District , Arshaq District , Meshgin Shahr County , Ardabil Province , Iran .
Hyman Wright ( also known as Papa Life ) is a record producer and audio engineer from Kingston , Jamaica , who has produced more than 150 reggae singles , mostly through his Brooklyn - based record label , Jah Life , which he founded in the late 1970s .
After the war , Rosy Wertheim taught at the Music School in Laren , but contracted a serious illness and died May 27 , 1949 , in Laren , the Netherlands .
Than Paing ( Burmese : သန်းပိုင် ; born 6 December 1996 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a Striker for the Myanmar U-19 football team .
Astrith Baltsan ( Hebrew : אסתרית בלצן‎ ) is an Israeli concert pianist , known for her interpretation of Beethoven , creator of a new concept of classical music concert , famous for her research of Israel 's national anthem , Hatikvah .
Valmar Castelo Sotto ( also known as Val Sotto ) is grandnephew of former Senator Filemon Sotto and grandson of former Senator Vicente Sotto in the Philippines .
He has recorded a full version of Armenian Holy Mass in Syria In 2006 , by the decree of the President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan , Maestro Karen Sargsyan was awarded the title of Honored artist of Republic of Armenia .
Raja Muhammad Fayyaz Ahmad ( Urdu : راجا محمد فیاض احمد‎ , born 1 June 1946 ) is a judge in Supreme Court of Pakistan and is a former Chief Justice of High Court of Balochistan .
Mustafa III ( Ottoman Turkish : مصطفى ثالث Muṣṭafā - yi sālis ) ( January 28/18 , 1717 -- January 21 , 1774 ) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1757 to 1774 .
Susanne Wiest ( born January 16 , 1967 ) is an activist for the unconditional basic income who lives in Greifswald , Germany .
Klaus Henrikinpoika , lord of Joensuu and Kankainen ( c. 1445 -- 1520 ) was in his time one of most influential magnates in Finland ( then a part of Sweden ) .
Emilio Ribeiro Neves da Silva , known simply as Emílio da Silva ; born 5 April 1982 in Dili , Timor Timur , Indonesia , is a footballer from East Timor who has represented AD Esperança since 2004 .
Catherine Chidgey ( born 1970 , in New Zealand ) grew up in the Hutt Valley .
Jan Boven ( born February 20 , 1972 in Delfzijl , Groningen ) is a road bicycle racer from the Netherlands , who turned professional in 1996 , and remained with the same team , Rabobank , until 2008 .
Nguyễn Bá Cẩn ( c. 1930 -- 20 May 2009 ) was Prime Minister of South Vietnam from 4 April 1975 until 24 April 1975 ; serving under Presidents Nguyễn Văn Thiệu ( 4 April to 21 April ) and Trần Văn Hương ( 21 April to 24 April ) .
Saif bin Sultan II ( c. 1706 -- 1743 ) was the sixth of the Yaruba dynasty of Imams of Oman , a member of the Ibadi sect .
Chalermpong Kerdkaew ( Thai : เฉลิมพงษ์ เกิดแก้ว , born November 7 , 1986 ) , simply known as Chalerm ( Thai : เฉลิม ) , is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Charles Alexander Young ( December 29 , 1856 -- September 28 , 1928 ) was a grain dealer and political figure in Manitoba , Canada .
Faruk Buljubašić ( born in Bijeljina , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian songwriter .
Noel Mannion ( born 12 January 1963 in Ballinasloe , Ireland ) is a former Irish rugby union international player who played for the Irish national rugby union team .
Kristopher Moitland Cabezas ( born September 2 , 1983 ) is a two - time Olympic taekwondo practitioner , and a multiple - time Pan American Championship medalist from Costa Rica .
Marjanu Vella ( 1927 - -1988 ) was a poet born in Tas - Sliema , Malta on the 14 December 1927 .
Vivien Brisse ( born 8 April 1988 ) is a track cyclist from France who also competed on the road .
Thomas William Walker , ONZM ( 2 July 1916 -- 8 November 2010 ) was an Anglo - New Zealand soil scientist .
Christin Petelski ( born December 29 , 1977 ) is a former competition swimmer and breaststroke specialist who represented Canada at two consecutive Summer Olympics in 1996 and 2000 .
`` Notice nécrologique sur Edmond Saglio , membre de l'Institut , membre honoraire de la Société nationale des antiquaires de France ( 1828 - 1911 ) '' by Maurice Roy , Impr .
Pilar Shimizu ( born 27 May 1996 in Tamuning , Guam ) is a Guamanian breaststroke swimmer .
Lukas Rotpuller ( born 31 March 1991 ) is an Austrian footballer of Croatian descent who plays for Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Solomon Nikritin was born in Chernihiv , Ukraine ( then part of the Russian Empire ) .
Eyvind Hellstrøm ( born 2 December 1948 in Moss , Norway ) is a chef and formerly the part owner of Bagatelle restaurant , a two - Michelin - starred restaurant in the city of Oslo .
Frederick Thomas Seelye ( 1879 - -1962 ) was a notable New Zealand analytical chemist and lecturer .
Faiza Seth ( born c. 1977 in Hyderabad , India ) is an American entrepreneur based in London .
Peter Baltes ( born 4 April 1958 in Solingen , Germany ) is a German hard rock and heavy metal musician .
James Walter Chapman - Taylor ( 24 June 1878 -- 25 October 1958 ) was one of New Zealandʼs most important domestic architects of his time , bringing the Arts and Crafts Movement to New Zealand houses he designed .
Markus Reuter ( born Lippstadt , Germany , 1972 ) is a German multi - disciplinary musician , composer , record producer and instrument designer .
Geri Winkler ( born 13 April 1956 in Vienna , Austria ) is an Austrian mountaineer , who was the first insulin - dependent diabetic to reach the summit of Mount Everest .
Christophe Clement ( born November 1 , 1965 in Paris , France ) is a Thoroughbred horse trainer in the United States , who won the 2014 Belmont Stakes with Tonalist .
Arghus holds a dual citizenship of Brazil and Italy .
Percival Hill ( born 4 July 1868 , Kent Town , Adelaide , South Australia , died 24 July 1950 , Adelaide ) was a cricketer .
Abu Azmi ( full name Abu Asim Azmi ) ( born 8 August 1955 , Manjir Patti , Azamgarh district , Uttar Pradesh , India ) is the president of the Maharashtra state branch of the Samajwadi Party ( SP ) .
Krzysztof Matyjaszczyk ( born 1974 ) is the mayor of Częstochowa , Poland .
Rosario Manalo ( née González ) is a career diplomat , political scientist , and educator in the Philippines .
Bruno Marie - Rose ( born 20 May 1965 , in Bordeaux ) is a retired sprinter from France .
Eshetu Tura ( Amharic : አሸቱ ቱራ ? ) ( born January 19 , 1950 ) is a retired long - distance runner from Ethiopia .
Burhanullah Shinwari was the deputy chairman of the upper house of Afghanistan 's legislature .
Marian Munteanu ( born 19 June 1962 ) is a former leader of the anti - government protests that took place in 1990 in Romania and were ended violently by the intervention of the miners ( the Mineriad ) .
Kylie Bax ( /ˈkaɪliː/ ; born 5 January 1975 ) is a New Zealand - born model and actress .
Hjalti Skeggiason was an Icelandic chieftain who supported Gizurr the White for the introduction of Christianity in Iceland , on the Althing in 1000 .
Joseph Bosisto CMG , MLA JP ( 21 March 1827 -- 8 November 1898 ) , was a chemist and politician in colonial Victoria , Australia .
Jan Stolker ( July 1 , 1724 -- June 10 , 1785 ) was a Netherlands printmaker , painter , painting dealer , and art collector .
Sok Rithy ( born December 30 , 1990 in Cambodia ) is a footballer for Nagaworld in the Cambodian League
Owen Luder , CBE ( born 7 August 1928 ) is an English architect who designed a number of notable and sometimes controversial buildings in the United Kingdom in the 1960s and 1970s , many now demolished .
Benoît Violier ( French pronunciation : ​(bənwa vjɔlje ) ; 22 August 1971 -- 31 January 2016 ) was a French - Swiss chef who had owned the three Michelin star Restaurant de l'Hôtel de Ville in a suburb of Lausanne , Switzerland from 2012 to his death .
Eruera Te Whiti o Rongomai Love ( 18 May 1905 - -1942 ) was a New Zealand rugby player , interpreter and military leader .
Dmitri Marine ( Russian : Дмитрий Александрович Марин ; born May 21 , 1984 , in Moscow , Russia ) is a Russian - born composer currently based in Montreal .
Ntare I Kivimira Savuyimba Semunganzashamba Rushatsi Cambarantama was the king of Burundi from 1680 to 1709 .
Hakim Ben Hammouda ( born 7 August 1961 ) is a Tunisian economist and was recently appointed the interim Finance Minister of Tunisia by the Prime Minister Mehdi Jomaa .
Winfried Vahland ( born 1 April 1957 in Beckum , Germany ) was the Chairman of the Board and CEO at Škoda Auto , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group .
Jessica Grant is a Canadian writer , whose debut novel Come , Thou Tortoise won the 2009 Winterset Award and the 2009 Books in Canada First Novel Award .
Allan Alemán Avila ( born 29 July 1983 in San José , Costa Rica ) is a Costa Rican professional football player who plays for Xinjiang Tianshan Leopard in the China League One .
Beker Fabian or the Waufarer Poet ( namesake of the famous poet Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer ) , in Peru Beker Simón Fabián De Lao , is a Peruvian poet and writer and naturalized Italian .
Stanislav Gorkovenko ( born 1938 ) is an Azerbaijani conductor from Baku who used to take conducting lessons at both the Azerbaijan and Saint Petersburg Conservatories where he was under guidance from Nikolai Rabinovich .
Helen Va'aga ( born 11 August 1977 ) is a former New Zealand rugby player who now coaches the Iranian women 's team .
Dawn Sanders is a New Zealand theatre scholar and the founder and current CEO of the Shakespeare 's Globe Centre New Zealand .
Commandant Virginie Guyot ( born 30 December 1976 in Angers ) is a fighter pilot of the Armée de l'Air who achieved an historical first when she was appointed leader of the Patrouille de France , becoming the first woman in the world to command a precision aerobatic demonstration team .
Elvia Ardalani or Elvia García Ardalani ( born June 4 , 1963 in Heroica Matamoros Tamaulipas , Mexico ) , is a Mexican writer , poet , and storyteller .
Dunja Vejzović ( pronounced ( dûɲa v̞ɛ̂jzɔv̞it͡ɕ ) ; born October 20 , 1943 ) is an acclaimed operatic soprano from Croatia .
José María García - Aranda Encinar ( born 3 March 1956 in Madrid ) is a retired football ( soccer ) referee from Spain , best known for supervising three matches during the 1998 FIFA World Cup in France .
Nathan Sherlock ( born 2 February 1990 ) in Orange , New South Wales , Australia is an Australian footballer who plays for Sydney United .
Professor Gerardo Ribeiro ( born 1950 , Oporto , Portugal ) , a world - renowned concert violinist , had taught at numerous Universities after studies at the Juilliard School of Music with Ivan Galamian in New York City .
Sonia Ruseler ( born 1963 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) , studied Social and Political Sciences at Cambridge University .
T. Gopinath Naidu ( born 25 October ) , also known as the `` Wonder Boy '' , is a former Malaysia footballer who was a striker for Kuala Lumpur FA , Perak FA and the Malaysia national football team .
Perla Liberatori ( born November 10 , 1981 in Rome , Italy ) is an Italian voice actress .
Ruby Thoma , born Ruby Dediya in 1949 in Nauru , is a Nauruan politician .
Jelko Kacin ( born 26 November 1955 in Celje , Lower Styria , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian politician and a former Member of the European Parliament .
Countess Anna Maria Komorowska was born in Białogard , Poland .
Joshua Matza ( Hebrew : יהושע מצא‎ , born 8 August 1931 ) is a former Israeli political figure and former president and CEO of State of Israel Bonds , a global enterprise that generates more than $ 1 billion in annual sales .
Le - Aufa'amulia Asenati Lole - Taylor , known as Asenati Taylor , is a former New Zealand politician and a member of the House of Representatives .
Austin Stevens was born in Pretoria , South Africa and became interested in snakes at the age of 12 .
Artur Davtyan ( Armenian : Արթուր Դավթյան , born August 8 , 1992 in Yerevan , Armenia ) is an Armenian gymnast .
Halema Boland ( Arabic : حليمة بولند ) ( born December 10 , 1980 , Kuwait ) is one of the most prominent entertainers in the Arab World .
Dick Jol ( born 29 March 1956 in Scheveningen , Zuid - Holland ) is a Dutch football referee , best known for supervising three matches during the 2000 UEFA European Football Championship held in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Tan Crone ( born ' s - Hertogenbosch , Netherlands , March 2 , 1930 ; died Wassenaar , Netherlands , January 17 , 2009 ) was a noted Dutch classical pianist .
Stella Roman ( née Florica Viorica Alma Stela Blasu ) was born in 1904 in Kolozsvár , Austria - Hungary ( now Cluj - Napoca , Romania ) .
Michal Bat - Adam ( originally named Michal Breslavy ) , was born in Afula , Israel to parents Yemima and Adam Rubin , who had immigrated from Warsaw in 1939 .
Dr. Chukwuemeka Ezeife was elected governor of Anambra State in Nigeria from January 1992 to November 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic .
Tadeusz Puszczyński was born on February 2 , 1895 , in the village of Józinki near Piotrków Trybunalski in Congress Poland .
Ryszard Rogala ( born 11 March 1975 ) is a Paralympic powerlifter of Poland .
Téodor de Wyzewa , born as Teodor Wyżewski ( 12 September 1863 -- 7 April 1917 ) , was a writer , critic , and translator of Polish descent , born in Russia , who emigrated to France in 1869 .
Carolin Golubytskyi ( née Wutz , born 19 December 1985 in Bad Mergentheim , Germany ) is a German foil fencer .
Andrés Segovia Torres , 1st Marquis of Salobreña ( Spanish : ( anˈdɾes seˈɣoβja ˈtores ) ) ( 21 February 1893 -- 2 June 1987 ) , known as Andrés Segovia , was a virtuoso Spanish classical guitarist from Linares , Spain .
Jarno Lippojoki is a Finnish ice hockey defenceman who currently plays professionally in Finland for KooKoo of the Mestis .
Ljubomir Mihajlovski ( Macedonian : Љубомир Михајловски ) ( born 1954 in Skopje ) , is the minister of internal affairs of the Republic of Macedonia since December 2004 .
Daniel Meja was born in Nice , France , educated at the École supérieure de danse de Cannes Rosella Hightower in Cannes and in Paris .
Myrtle May Simpson ( 1905 - -1981 ) was a notable New Zealand teacher , school inspector and educationalist .
Rafael Montero ( born 9 October 1953 in Mexico City ) is a film director and script writer known as one of the leaders of New Mexican Cinema .
Ricardo Miró ( Panama City , Panama , November 5 , 1883 - March 2 , 1940 ) , was a Panamanian writer and is considered to be the most noteworthy poet of this country .
Åke Strömmer joined the national Swedish Radio - TV company Sveriges Radio and became a popular figure to viewer and listeners as one of the greatest Sports journalist in Sweden .
Valayil Korath Mathews is an entrepreneur and the Founder Chairman of IBS Software Services , a software product company based out of India .
Faith Macharia ( born 9 February 1976 , Nyeri , Kenya ) is a Kenyan middle distance runner who specializes in the 800 metres .
Haribhai Parthibhai Chaudhary is an Indian Politician and is the current Minister of State for Home Affairs in Government of India .
A right - handed batsman , Hasnain Qayyum played one Under-19 Test for Pakistan in 1993 - 94 .
Abid Nabi ( born 26 December 1985 in Srinagar , Jammu & Kashmir , India ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jammu and Kashmir .
Tony Aboyantz ( 21 January 1928 in Krasnodar , Russia - 10 November 1992 in Paris , France ) was an Armenian director who resided mostly in France .
Michalis Chrisochoidis was born on 31 October 1955 , in Nisi near Alexandreia , in Imathia , Greece .
Félix Andrés Micolta or Félix Micolta for short ( born 30 November 1989 in El Charco , Colombia ) is a Colombiaian professional footballer , who plays as a midfielder for Mexican club Juárez .
Greg Francis ( born April 4 , 1974 in Toronto , Ontario ) is the Manager of Men 's High Performance at Canada Basketball .
Janet Arceo ( born Janett Arceo Menéndez on September 30 , 1955 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , TV presenter , announcer , director and businesswoman .
Friedrich Gogarten ( January 13 , 1887 -- October 16 , 1967 ) was a Lutheran theologian , co - founder of dialectical theology in Germany in the early 20th century .
Herodotos Giorgallas ( born December 14 , 1977 ) is a Gymnast from Cyprus who took gold at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester .
Jean - Joseph Rabearivelo ( 4 March 1901 or 1903 -- 22 June 1937 ) , born Joseph - Casimir Rabearivelo , is widely considered to be Africa 's first modern poet and the greatest literary artist of Madagascar .
Eric van der Linden ( born 17 April 1974 in Schagen , North Holland ) is an athlete from the Netherlands .
Ellen Key was born at Sundsholm mansion in Småland , Sweden , on 11 December 1849 .
Oday Rasheed ( Born : June 17 , 1973 in Baghdad , Iraq ) is an Iraqi film director and writer .
Princess Bee ( real name Benedetta Paravia ) , is a POP and R&B singer / songwriter , soprano , philanthropist and producer , born in Italy but well known also in Middle East countries for her humanitarian effort .
Kenzō Kōno ( Japanese : 河野謙三 ) ( May 14 , 1901 - October 16 , 1983 ) was President of the Japan Association of Athletics Federations ( 1965 - 1975 ) .
Jamie Cox ( born 15 October 1969 in Burnie , Tasmania , Australia ) is a former opening batsman cricketer , who played for the Tasmanian Tigers in Australia 's domestic competitions .
Susanne Baer ( born February 16 , 1964 ) is a German legal scholar and one of the 16 judges of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany .
Emily Hulbert ( born 20 December 1995 ) is an Australian football ( soccer ) player , who last played in Australia for Melbourne Victory in the Australian W - League .
William John Geddis ( 1860 -- 1 May 1926 ) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 7 May 1918 to 6 May 1925 ; then 7 May 1925 to 1 May 1926 when he died .
Walter Lassally was born in Berlin , Germany , and moved to England in 1939 .
Makhdoom Shahabuddin ( Urdu , Saraiki : مخدوم شہاب الدین ; born 7 April 1947 ) is a Pakistani politician and a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan ( February 2008 - -present ) who has held federal ministerial portfolios for finance , health and textiles .
Ahmad Nesar ( born 7 December 1958 ) is a former Afghanistan boxer , who competed at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in the bantamweight event .
Mario Pino Quivira is a Chilean geologist specialized in geoarchaeology and sedimentology that has been involved in several studies of early human settlements in Southern Chile .
Maurice Seynaeve ( Heule ( near Kortrijk ) Belgium , 31 January 1907 -- Florencio Varela , Buenos Aires Argentina , 28 November 1998 ) was a Belgian Cyclo - cross rider in the years 1928 - -1940 .
Luthfi Assyaukanie ( August 27 , 1967 ) , is a cofounder of the Liberal Islam Network ( Jaringan Islam Liberal , JIL ) in Indonesia , a lecturer at Paramadina University , and a research associate at the Freedom Institute .
K. Appukuttan Nair ( 1925 - -2007 ) , better known as Kozhikodan , was a film critic and writer from Kerala state , India .
Ramazan Rragami ( born 3 April 1944 in Shkoder , Albania ) is a former national football player and coach for Albania .
Cornelius Forman Hatfield ( December 27 , 1828 -- June 13 , 1910 ) was a merchant , shipbuilder , ship owner and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Taha Mortazavi SorkhKolaei ( Persian : طاها مرتضوی سرخکلائی‎ , born 27 May 1988 in Sari , Iran ) is an Iranian futsal player .
Minouche Smit ( born 6 March 1975 ) is a former freestyle and medley swimmer from the Netherlands .
Sasha Montenegro ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsaʃa monteˈneɣɾo ) ; born Aleksandra Aćimović Popović ( Cyrillic : Александра Аћимовић Поповић ) 20 January 1945 ) is an actress from Mexico .
Jean - David Malat ( born in Paris , France in 1975 ) is an art dealer and curator , and current director of the London branch of Opera Gallery .
Kevin Kowalyk ( born 27 September 1980 in Winnipeg , Manitoba , Canada ) is a Canadian rower .
Marcel Mule was born in a village in Aube , France , to a father who learned the saxophone while doing his military service and became director of the brass band of Beaumont - le - Roger .
Paolo Matthew Serrano ( born August 17 , 1987 ) , more widely known as Paolo Serrano is a television and film actor in the Philippines .
Michael McGarry ( born 17 May 1965 ) was a successful association footballer who frequently represented New Zealand in the 1980s and 90s .
Monika Jalili ( Persian : مونیکا جلیلی ‎‎ ) is a vocalist singing songs of Iran , mostly in Persian .
Hellen Toncio ( born April 17 , 1994 ) is a Chilean volleyball player and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universo Chile 2014 and represented Chile at the Miss Universe 2014 .
Jozef Golonka ( born January 6 , 1938 ) is a former ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga and was a member of the Czechoslovakia national ice hockey team .
Teodora Albon ( born 2 December 1977 in Cisnădie , Romania ) is a Romanian football referee .
Verckys Kiamuangana Mateta , is a soukous recording artist , composer , saxophonist and band leader , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Khalid bin Abdullah Al Khalifa is a Bahraini royal and deputy prime minister of Bahrain .
Sein Lwin ( Burmese : စိန်လွင် , pronounced : ( sèiɴ lwɪ̀ɴ ) ; 1923 -- 11 April 2004 ) was a President of Myanmar for 17 days in 1988 .
Dr. Habibollah Peyman ( born 1935 in Shiraz , Iran ) is an Iranian politician .
Lisa Dillan ( born 12 May 1969 in Bodø , Norway ) is a Norwegian jazz vocalist and improvisational artist .
Yalçın Topçu was born in 1957 in Ardahan in eastern Turkey .
Serafin R. Cuevas ( 25 June 1928 -- 9 February 2014 ) was a Filipino lawyer and an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the Philippines appointed during the government of Ferdinand Marcos .
Mojtaba Taghavi ( Persian : مجتبی تقوی‎‎ , born February 2 , 1968 in Karaj , Iran ) is a retired Iranian football player and a current coach .
Salah Zulfikar , one of Egypt 's and the Arab World 's great movie stars started his career as a police officer and a professor at the Police Academy .
María Lourdes Caldera Méndez is a pageant titleholder , was born in Maracaibo , Venezuela on January 24 , 1983 , and grew up in Caracas , Venezuela .
Jan Hambourg was born in Voronezh , Russia , the middle brother between the famous pianist Mark Hambourg ( b. 1879 ) and the distinguished cellist Boris Hambourg ( b. 1884 ) , the sons of Michael Hambourg ( pianist ) .
Upendra Mahato ( Nepali : उपेन्द्र महतो ) is a businessman of Nepalese origin living in Russia , where he is the president of the Russia - Nepal Chamber of Commerce and Industry .
Jung Dong - ho ( born January 11 , 1975 ) is a Paralympian athlete from South Korea competing mainly in category T53 Sprint events .
Patrick Suffo Kengné ( born 17 January 1978 in Ebolowa , Cameroon ) is a footballer currently playing for Coventry United .
Hannele Klemettilä ( Hannele Klemettilä - McHale , b. 1966 , Helsinki , Finland ) is a Finnish historian and author living in the medieval village of Sonning - on - Thames in the county of Berkshire .
William James Butler ( 18 March 1858 -- 10 December 1932 ) was a New Zealand sawmiller and timber merchant .
Den Hegarty ( born Denis Hegarty , 13 September 1954 , Dublin , Ireland ) is a rock and roll , doo - wop and a cappella singer .
Roberto Cláudio Rodrigues Bezerra is a Brazilian politician , currently the mayor of Fortaleza , the fifth largest city in Brazil .
Abdur Rehman Hashim Syed , also known as Pasha , is a retired Major in the Pakistan army , accused of involvement with terrorism .
Boris Podrecca ( born 30 January 1940 ) is a Slovene - Italian architect and urban designer living in Vienna , Austria .
Francisco Adriano Caro Rodríguez ( born 1870 ) was the eighth mayor of the commune of Pichilemu , Chile , an office which he held between December 1925 and May 1927 .
Not to be confused with another Nepalese footballer also named Lalit Thapa , who is a midfielder that plays for Nepal national under-17 football team .
Simphiwe Nongqayi ( born 18 February 1972 ) is a retired professional boxer from South Africa .
Nathaniel Young Armstrong Wales ( 1832 -- 3 November 1903 ) was a 19th - century architect , Member of Parliament , and Mayor in Dunedin , Otago , New Zealand .
William Rickarby Campbell ( 6 February 1840 - -20 August 1918 ) was a New Zealand presbyterian minister .
Mikhail Puntov ( born 23 December 1995 , also known as Misha ) from Voronezh competed in the 2008-edition of Junior Eurovision Song Contest representing Russia .
Jovianney Emmanuel Cruz is a classical pianist from the Philippines .
Yeang 's operating headquarters for his company Hamzah and Yeang is in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , with other offices in London as Ken Yeang Design International and Beijing ( China ) as North Hamzah Yeang Architectural and Engineering Company .
Desmond Kelly is a Ceylonese musician who has entertained in Sri Lanka and in Australia .
Mykolas Burokevičius ( October 7 , 1927 -- January 20 , 2016 ) was a communist political leader in Lithuania .
Vince Farrar won a cap for England while at Featherstone Rovers in 1977 against France , and won a cap for Great Britain while at Hull in 1978 against Australia .
Wilfried Hilker ( born 13 August 1930 in Ahlen ) is a former football referee from Germany .
At 16 , he gave his first concert , as Dickie Pride at the Kilburn Gaumont State Cinema , which was then the biggest cinema in the United Kingdom .
Tarundeep Rai ( Nepali / Hindi : तरूणदीप राई ; born 22 February 1984 , in Namchi , Sikkim , India ) is an Indian archer .
Mish'al Muhammad Rashid Al - Shedocky was a citizen of Saudi Arabia who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States 's Guantanamo Bay detention camps , in Cuba .
Makhdoom Ali Khan is a former Attorney General of Pakistan , former chairman Pakistan Bar Council , former member of the Law and Justice Commission of Pakistan , former board member of the Federal Judicial Academy of Pakistan and a former board member of the Sindh Judicial Academy .
Noora Hautakangas ( born 1984 in Soini ) is Miss Finland ( Miss Suomi ) 2007 and was Finland 's representative in Miss Universe 2007 .
Álvaro Longoria ( born 1968 in Santander , Cantabria , Spain ) is a film director , executive producer , and actor .
Arne Bergsgård was born in Vestre Slidre in Oppland and grew up in Vang , Norway .
Benjamín Gutiérrez ( born January 3 , 1937 in Guadalupe , Costa Rica ) is a celebrated composer in Costa Rica .
Lateef Adegbite ( 20 March 1933 -- 28 September 2012 ) was a lawyer who became Attorney General of the Western Region of Nigeria , and who later became Secretary - General of the Nigerian Supreme Council for Islamic Affairs .
Mekhak Ghazaryan ( Armenian : Մեխակ Ղազարյան ; born December 13 , 1966 in Gyumri , Shirak ) , also known as Mikhail Kazaryan , is a retired amateur boxer from Armenia .
Javier Retamozo is a keyboardist of Heavy metal and Hard rock in Argentina
Diána Kőszegi ( born 1983 , in Hungary ) is the first Hungarian professional Go player .
Felix English ( born 11 October 1992 ) is a professional cyclist from Brighton who rides for Ireland .
Elsa Bruckmann ( 23 February 1865 -- 7 June 1946 ) , born Princess Cantacuzene of Romania , was the wife of Hugo Bruckmann , publisher of the writings of Houston Stewart Chamberlain .
In 1986 Mykola Babak came back to Ukraine .
Markus Hallgrimson ( born May 31 , 1975 in Germany ) is a German professional basketball player , most notable for his NCAA record for 16-three - point field goals in a single game .
Ian Peters ( born 1941 ) is a former New Zealand politician of the National and New Zealand First parties .
Princess Mabel of Orange - Nassau ( formerly Mabel Martine Wisse Smit , born Mabel Martine Los , 11 August 1968 ) is the widow of Prince Friso , brother of King Willem - Alexander of the Netherlands .
Italian pianist and composer Giuseppe Devastato was born in Napoli , Italy .
George Naoupu ( born 4 September 1983 ) is a professional rugby union player from New Zealand .
Chandikadas Amritrao Deshmukh also known as Nanaji Deshmukh ( 11 October 1916 -- 27 February 2010 ) was a social activist from India .
Francisco Xavier de Luna Pizarro ( November 3 , 1780 -- February 2 , 1855 ) , a Peruvian priest and politician , was briefly Interim President of Peru twice in 1822 and 1833 .
Larissa Netšeporuk ( née Larisa Teteryuk ; born 24 December 1970 in Romny , Ukraine ) is a retired heptathlete who represented Ukraine and Estonia .
Sepala Ekanayake ( Sepala Ekanayaka ) ( born June 3 , 1949 , in Karatota , Matara , Sri Lanka ) is a Sri Lankan hijacker who gained international notoriety after hijacking an Alitalia Boeing 747 with 340 passengers on June 30 , 1982 .
Luke Kennedy is an Australian performer best known for placing second on the second season of The Voice ( Australia ) .
Theresa Fu ( born 22 September 1984 ) is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer , film and television actress , and model .
Rabbi Yisrael Ariel ( born 1939 ) was the chief rabbi of the evacuated Israeli settlement of Yamit in the Sinai Peninsula during the years when the Sinai was controlled by Israel , and the founder of the Temple Institute ( Machon HaMikdash ) .
Ste van Holm ( born Stefan Holm , 1977 , Frederiksberg , Copenhagen , Denmark ) is a Danish musician and video artist of Faroese descent living in North Zealand , Denmark .
Jean Origer was born in Esch - Alzette and later became a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Luxembourg .
Mikhail Borovitinov ( Russian : Михаил Михайлович Боровитинов , 2 August 1874 in Saint Petersburg , Russia - died unknown ) was a Russian lawyer and leader of the Russian Imperial Finnish Senate ( Prime Minister of Finland ) in the years 1913 - 1917 , heading its Home Office .
Benjamin Varonian ( born June 15 , 1980 in Nice , France ) is a French - Armenian Olympic gymnast .
Scott Wills ( born 1971 ) is a New Zealand actor who has starred in several films and has also appeared on television and theatre .
Roy Strandem ( born April 5 , 1932 ) is a Norwegian ice hockey player , born in Oslo , Norway .
BP Fallon commented in 2008 : `` Without Dave Fanning on the radio , music in Ireland would have had a poorer face .
Curt Echtermeyer was born in Valparaíso , Chile , in 1896 as the son of an immigrant who soon returned to Germany , and his Chilean wife .
Fahrudin Jusufi ( Serbian Cyrillic : Фахрудин Јусуфи ; born 8 December 1939 ) is a former international footballer who played for Yugoslavia .
Kunal Basu was born in Kolkata to Sunil Kumar Basu ( a litterateur and publisher and one of the early members of the Communist Party of India ) and Chabi Basu ( an author and actress ) .
Domenico De Lillo ( born 30 August 1937 ) is a retired cyclist from Italy who specialized in motor - paced racing .
Laura Daniela Lloreda ( born April 30 , 1981 , in Hato Rey , San Juan , Puerto Rico ) holds dual citizenship as a Puerto Rican - born naturalized Mexican citizen and volleyball player in Mexico .
Fanny de Sivers studied humanities and arts at the University of Tartu from ( 1938 to 1941 ) , left Estonia and moved to Germany in 1941 , marrying von Sivers .
John Bach ( born 5 June 1946 ) is a New Zealand actor who has acted on stage , television and film over a period of more than three decades .
Natasha Alam was born and raised in Uzbekistan and attended school with the aim of becoming a clothing designer .
Wasantha Aluwihare ( born 16 July 1962 ) is a Sri Lankan politician from Matale and a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka belonging to the United National Party .
Vibeke Videm ( born 1957 ) is a Professor of immunology at the Medical Faculty of the Norwegian University of Science and Technology ( NTNU ) in Trondheim , Norway , and a consulting physician at the Department of Immunology and Transfusion Medicine , St Olav 's University Hospital .
Tim Brunero ( born 1976 ) is known to the Australian television - viewing public as the runner - up of Big Brother Australia 2005 .
Pjetër Zakaria was born in the mid 14th century in northern Albania .
Inger Kathrine Jacobsen ( 5 September 1867 - -22 October 1939 ) was a New Zealand midwife .
Thomas Heberer , Ph.D. ( born 13 November 1947 in Offenbach / Main ) is a Senior professor of Chinese Politics & Society at the University Duisburg - Essen , Germany .
Heather Taylor ( born 9 September 1977 in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada ) is a Canadian poet , writer , filmmaker , and social media and community specialist .
Modest Morariu ( August 11 , 1929 -- April 15 , 1988 ) was a poet , essayist , prose writer and translator from Romania .
Carlos Saladrigas Zayas ( Carlos Eduardo Ramón Saladrigas y Zayas ; October 13 , 1900 in Havana , Cuba -- 15 April 1956 in Miramar , Havana , Cuba ) was a Cuban politician and diplomat .
Histiaeus ( Ancient Greek : Ἱστιαῖος , died 493 BC ) , the son of Lysagoras , was the tyrant of Miletus in the late 6th century BC . Histiaeus owed his status as tyrant of Miletus to Darius I , king of Persia , who had subjugated Miletus and the other Ionian states in Asia Minor .
Lt Col Islam ul Haque , PhD is a retired Pakistan Army Officer from Corps of Engineers .
Charles Wesley Colter ( February 26 , 1846 -- July 25 , 1929 ) was a lawyer , publisher and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
In 2007 , Slimmy returned to Portugal , embarking on an extensive national tour in preparation for the release of his debut album `` Beatsound Loverboy '' , on the Som Livre label .
Roberto Gerhard was born in Valls , near Tarragona , Spain , the son of a German - Swiss father and an Alsatian mother .
James White Crooks ( February 3 , 1866 -- September 4 , 1944 ) was a pharmacist , business owner and politician in Ontario , Canada .
Suleiman Mahmoud al - Obeidi ( Arabic : سليمان محمود العبيدي ) is a senior military officer in Libya .
Manasse ǃNoreseb Gamab ( also Manasse of Hoachanas , circa 1840 - -1 December 1905 ) was the thirteenth Kaptein of the Khaiǁkhaun ( Red Nation ) , a subtribe of the Nama people in Namibia , between 1880 and 1905 .
Hiroki Nakajima ( born July 5 , 1988 ) in Tokyo , Japan is a Japanese welterweight kickboxer fighting out of Tokyo , Japan for the Bungeling Bay gym .
Derek Handley ( born 1978 in Hong Kong ) is a New Zealand entrepreneur , speaker and author .
Nirmal Ulhas Kulkarni ( born 27 December 1978 in Mumbai , India ) is a herpetologist , field ecologist , conservationist , and wildlife photographer .
The first artist signed to the label Motown France , Vitaa released her debut solo album A fleur de toi on 5 February 2007 , which peaked at number one in France .
Daniel Birgmark ( born in Gothenburg on March 5 , 1973 ) is a sailor representing Sweden at Sailing at the 2008 Summer Olympics --
Noemí Rial ( Spanish pronunciation : ( noemi rial ) ; born in Buenos Aires , 28 April 1947 ) is a lawyer and politician from Argentina serving at present as her country 's Secretary of Labor .
Noritsugu Oda ( 織田憲嗣 , born 1946 ) is an author and illustrator from Kochi Prefecture , Japan .
Wojciech Gerson ( July 1 , 1831 -- February 25 , 1901 ) was a leading Polish painter of the mid-19th century , and one of the foremost representatives of the Polish school of Realism during the foreign Partitions of Poland .
Major General Ameer Faisal Alavi ( 28 March 1954 -- 19 November 2008 ) was a Pakistan Army two - star general and special operations expert who was the first General Officer Commanding ( GOC ) of the elite Special Service Group of Pakistan Army .
Raj Singh Arora ( born September 26 , 1984 , Jammu , Jammu and Kashmir , India ) is an Indian television actor , best known for his role as Yuvraj in the STAR One series Remix .
Petronel Malan ( born 23 February 1976 in Pretoria , South Africa ) is a South African concert pianist .
Kanwal Naz ( born : 25 December 1989 is an international cricketer from Pakistan . She is a Left - handed batswoman and Slow left - arm orthodox bowler .
Carole Rouillard ( born March 15 , 1960 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired long - distance runner from Canada , who represented her country twice in the women 's 10,000 metres at the Summer Olympics , starting in 1988 ( Seoul , South Korea ) .
Gianluca Faliva was born in Camposampiero , Padua , Italy , and did not start playing rugby until he was 20 , when he joined CUS Padova Rugby under pressure from some of his colleagues in the Italian Police who also played for the club .
Richard Phillips Hotham ( died October 10 , 1840 ) was an English - born lawyer and political figure in Upper Canada .
Ibeth Mónica Heredia Fárez ( born May 10 , 1991 in Morona Santiago ) is a judoka from Ecuador .
Massimo Fenati ( born : Genoa , Italy , 1969 ) , is an Italian comic book artist , illustrator and animator .
Nicolae Mișu ( 1858 - -1924 ) was a Romanian politician and diplomat who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Romania .
Hamed Shiri ( Persian : حامد شیری‎ ) ; is an Iranian Football Defender , who as of 2011 plays for the Iranian football club Saipa in the Iran Pro League .
Sharis Cid ( born 5 September 1970 in Chihuahua , Chih . , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress who has participated in several telenovelas , like DKDA , Salud , Dinero y Amor and La Intrusa .
Igor Sergei Klinki ( born 10 October 1959 , in Kiev , Ukraine ) is a `` virtual '' poet created by the Argentine writer , artist , photographer and illustrator Rafael San Martín .
Sampsa Timoska ( born 12 February 1979 in Kokemäki , Finland ) is a Finnish footballer who plays in defence .
Erik Engstrom is the son of Alice Engstrom and Dr Kjell Engstrom of Täby , Sweden , who was managing director of the Swedish Museum of Natural History , Stockholm .
In 2012 , Ayesha Sana exposed her second marriage with MD PTV Yousuf Baig Mirza a media tycon and friend of Asif Ali Zardari who was the President of Pakistan at that time .
Romeo Rivera is a veteran actor in the Philippines .
Joanna de Albuquerque Maranhão Bezerra de Melo , or Joanna Maranhão ( born April 29 , 1987 in Recife , Pernambuco ) is a swimmer from Brazil , who competed at three consecutive Summer Olympics for her native country , starting in 2004 .
Christina Stresemann ( born 1957 ) is a Judge at the Federal Court of Justice of Germany .
François Marandet , `` Louis Galloche et Fançois Lemoyne : caractères distinctifs et œuvres inédites '' , La Revue des Musée de France .
Tony Vinson AM ( born 11 November 1935 ) is `` one of Australia 's leading social scientists and outspoken public intellectuals '' .
Constantin Constantinescu - Claps ( February 20 , 1884 -- 1961 ) was a Romanian military commander during World War II , condemned as a military criminal in the Communist Romania after the war ( later exonerated ) .
Joel Alme ( born 1980 ) is a pop singer from Gothenburg , Sweden .
Manuel Romo Rodríguez was a painter from Estación Torres , Sonora , Mexico , who was born in 1920 .
Simone Del Duca 's philanthropic work was recognized by the government of France who made her a commander of the Legion of Honor .
Karim Khalili ( Persian : کریم خلیلی‎ ) is the former Vice President of Afghanistan in the administration of President Hamid Karzai .
Umayalpuram K. Narayanaswamy ( 1929 - -1997 , India ) , was a Carnatic classical percussionist .
Dele Jegede was born in 1945 in Ikere - Ekiti , Ekiti State , Nigeria and earned his first degree in Fine Arts from the Ahmadu Bello University , Zaria , Nigeria , in 1973 .
Thoma Deliana ( 1925 - -2014 ) was an Albanian politician of the Communist Albania period , being the longest serving Minister of Education ( 1963 - 1976 ) in overall .
Nicolas Rostoucher ( born February 15 , 1981 in Colmar , Haut - Rhin ) is a freestyle and medley swimmer from France , who is on the French National Swimming Team since 2000 .
Line Horntveth ( born 26 November 1974 in Tønsberg , Norway ) is a Norwegian musician ( tuba , flute and vocals ) , the sister of the musicians Martin and Lars Horntveth , married to the upright bassist Bjørn Holm , and known from a series of recordings within Jaga Jazzist .
Sir Ponnambalam Ramanathan , KCMG , KC ( 15 April 1851 -- 30 November 1930 ) was a Solicitor - General and Tamil political leader in Sri Lanka .
Cay Lembcke ( 15 December 1885 - 31 January 1965 ) was a co - founder of the Danish Boy Scouts Organization in 1910 and the National Socialist Workers ' Party of Denmark in 1930 .
Bogusław Bagsik ( born April 8 , 1963 in Bytom , Poland ) is a Polish businessman , politician and patron of arts .
Joan Soriano is a bachata singer and guitarist from the Dominican Republic .
Helmer Andersen Gjedeboe was born on the farm Geitbuan at Orkdal in Sør - Trøndelag , Norway .
Simone Vanni ( born 16 February 16 , 1979 , in Pisa , Italy ) is an Italian foil fencer and Olympian .
Pierre de Ronsard ( 11 September 1524 -- 27 December 1585 ) was a French poet and `` prince of poets '' ( as his own generation in France called him ) .
Mehrdad Bayrami ( Persian : مهرداد بایرامی‎‎ , September 21 , 1990 in Ardabil , Iran ) is an Iranian footballer who plays for Foolad in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Hans Chrunak ( born 1950 in Landskrona , Sweden ) is the former head coach of the Swedish national swim team between 1991 and 2000 .
Jaja of Opobo ( full name : Jubo Jubogha ; 1821 - -1891 ) was a merchant prince and the founder of Opobo city - state in an area that is now part of Nigeria .
Chernyaha Petro Hervaziyovych ( 24 October 1946 -- 12 May 2014 ) was a Ukrainian scientist and public figure , professor , PhD ( Technical Sciences ) , a member of the Construction Academy of Ukraine and the Academy of Higher Education Sciences of Ukraine , the Honoured Educator of Ukraine and the Honoured Land Surveyor of Ukraine .
José Luís played four times for Portugal during two years , his debut being on 21 September 1983 against Finland for the UEFA Euro 1984 qualifiers , scoring the fourth goal in a 5 - -0 home win .
Frédéric Lepage is a best - selling author of novels such as La Fin du septième jour or La Mémoire interdite , published in numerous countries including France , Germany , Japan and Greece .
Georges Schwizgebel , born on 28 September 1944 in Reconvilier , Switzerland , is a Swiss animation film director whose paint - on - glass - animated 2004 film L'Homme sans ombre ( The Man With No Shadow ) won various awards .
Hāmiora Mangakāhia ( 1838 -- 4 June 1918 ) was a prominent Māori chief and the first Premier of Te Kotahitanga , the movement for an independent Māori parliament in New Zealand in the 1890s .
Bogusław Mamiński ( born December 18 , 1955 in Kamień Pomorski ) is a retired long - distance runner from Poland , known for winning the silver medal in the men 's 3,000 m Steeplechase event at the 1982 European Championships in Athens , Greece .
Dian Wei ( died 197 ) was a military officer serving under the warlord Cao Cao in the late Eastern Han dynasty .
Vipin Vijay(Born 25 March 1977 ) is an award winning contemporary film director and screenwriter from India .
Tim Prendergast is a Paralympian athlete from New Zealand competing mainly in category T13 middle distance events .
Erró ( born Guðmundur Guðmundsson in 1932 in Ólafsvík , Iceland ) is a postmodern artist .
Nguyễn Đình Thuận was the Secretary of State under President Ngo Dinh Diem of South Vietnam .
Christopher Shanahan ( born 18 September 1960 ) is a Senior Counsel barrister in the state of Western Australia .
Aldo Maria Lazzarín Stella ( 1926 - -2010 ) was the Italian - born in Selva di Volpago del Montello , Italy .
Ronald M. Hahn ( born December 20 , 1948 in Wuppertal , Germany ) is a German science - fiction writer , translator and author of reference books pertaining to speculative literature and film .
Tamer Şahin ( born August 10 , 1981 in İzmir , Turkey ) is a Turkish hacker .
Myriam J. A. Chancy ( born 1970 ) is a Haitian - Canadian writer who was born in Port - au - Prince , Haiti and raised in Quebec City , Canada .
Saeed Bin Nasir ( born 19 December 1979 in Karachi , Sindh ) is a Pakistani first - class cricketer who plays for Karachi and Pakistan A. A right - handed middle order batsman , he was included in the squad for a Test series against Bangladesh in 2003 - 04 but did not play a Test .
Hideo Sawada ( Japanese : 澤田秀雄 , born February 4 , 1951 ) is the founder of H.I.S. , one of the largest travel companies in Japan .
Ercan Şahin ( born 1971 in Turkey ) is a Turkish folk musician .
Justice Peter Jamadar is a Justice of Appeal in the Court of Appeal of the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago .
Joseph Epstein ( October 16 , 1911 -- April 11 , 1944 in Fort Mont - Valérien , France ) , also known as Colonel Gilles and as Joseph Andrej , was a Polish - born Jewish communist activist and a French Resistance leader during World War II . He was executed by the Germans .
Larisa Iordache was born in Bucharest , Romania , where she still lives today .
Armand Vaquerin ( 21 February 1951 -- 12 July 1993 ) was a French Rugby union footballer that represented France .
From 2002 to 2004 he was a member of the Press Council of India but it was in the field , as a practising photojournalist , and later as photo - editor , that N. Thiagarajan made his name .
The Dolmetsch family was originally of Bohemian origin , but ( Eugène ) Arnold Dolmetsch , the son of Rudolph Arnold Dolmetsch and his wife Marie Zélie ( née Guillouard ) was born at Le Mans , France , where the family had established a piano - making business .
Beat Solèr , better known by his stage name Seelenluft , is a producer of electronic music from Switzerland .
Natalie La Rose was born on 12 July 1988 , in Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
Thomas Wilfred ( June 18 , 1889 in Naestved , Denmark - June 10 , 1968 in Nyack , New York ) born Richard Edgar Løvstrøm , was a musician and inventor .
Huang Feng ( 黃楓 ) ( born 1919 ) is a Hong Kong based film director , screenwriter , and actor .
Anna Puu ( born Anna Puustjärvi ; February 3 , 1982 in Outokumpu , Finland ) is a Finnish pop singer .
Asmeret Yosef is a former asylum - seeking immigrant from Eritrea who was deported from the United States in 2006 , after incorrect advice from a lawyer caused her to make mistakes in her immigration process .
Amarsinh Chaudhary ( 31 July 1941 , Surat , Gujarat , India -- 15 August 2004 , Ahmedabad , Gujarat ) was an Indian politician .
Ye Fei ( Chinese : 叶飞 ; 7 May 1914 -- 18 April 1999 ) was a Filipino - Chinese military general and politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Sergey Gridin ( Kazakh : Сергей Гридин ; born 20 May 1987 ) is a Kazakh football player , who plays for FC Okzhetpes in the Kazakhstan Premier League and internationally for Kazakhstan .
Zakaria Bakkali ( born 26 January 1996 ) is a Belgian professional footballer of Moroccan descent who plays for Spanish club Valencia CF and the Belgium national football team as a winger .
Brigadier Jerry ( born Robert Russell , 28 September 1957 , Kingston , Jamaica ) is a Jamaican dancehall reggae deejay known for his `` cultural '' lyrics .
Gleb Travin was a Russian bicyclist , known for circumnavigating Soviet Union on bicycle between 1928 and 1931 .
Héctor Zumbado was born in the zone of Vedado , at Havana , Cuba , in 1932 .
Dame Rose Heilbron DBE QC ( 19 August 1914 -- 8 December 2005 ) was an outstanding English barrister of the post - war period in the United Kingdom .
Konrad Zdarsa held Austrian citizenship based on his father 's nationality and was able to travel abroad without restrictions even from communist East Germany .
Eleni Avlonitou began her swimming career at the relatively late age of 10 at Ethnikos Gymnastikos Syllogos of Athens , one of the oldest sports clubs in Greece .
Marit Bjørgen ( born 21 March 1980 ) is a Norwegian cross - country skier and six times Olympic champion from Midtre Gauldal , Norway .
Yñigo Ortiz de Retez was born in Retes de Llanteno ( Alava , Spain ) in a non - titled nobility family ( hidalgos ) in the first decade of the 16th - century .
Leopoldina Fortunati teaches Sociology of Communication and Sociology of Cultural Processes at the Faculty of Education of the University of Udine , Italy .
Joseph - William Gagnon ( February 15 , 1879 -- December 17 , 1929 ) was a politician in the Quebec , Canada .
Stéphane Delaprée , born in Paris , France , in 1956 , is a French - Canadian artist resident in Cambodia and is known for his `` Happy Painting '' , naive paintings combining humor & realism .
Augustin Botescu is a Romanian football manager who coached Romania in the 1960 European Nations ' Cup .
Giulio Superti - Furga was educated at the German School of Milan ( DSM ) in Milan , Italy .
The Blessed starets Saint Paul of Taganrog ( Russian : Павел Таганрогский - Pavel Taganrogskiy , born Pavel Pavlovich Stoykov ) dramatically influenced the belief in God and spiritual outlook of inhabitants of Taganrog , Don Land , South of Russia and Ukraine .
Tércio Pacitti ( born September 9 , 1928 in Atibaia ) , São Paulo , Brazil is an electronic engineer and computer scientist in Brazil .
Ebrahim Mirzapour 's introduction to the Iranian football squad certainly raised a few eyebrows in Iran when the ex - national team coach , the Croat Miroslav Blazevic preferred him to some more experienced goal keepers .
Wladimir von Pawlowski ( 29 August 1891 -- 1961 ) was an Austrian lawyer and Nazi politician , who served as Gauleiter ( Party Leader ) and Reichsstatthalter ( Reich Governor ) of Carinthia after Austria was annexed by the Nazi Germany .
Erwin Leonard Guy Abel ( 23 October 1911 -- 1 May 1995 ) was a New Zealand grocer , businessman , athlete and racehorse owner .
Djaili Amadou Amal is a Fula , native to the Diamare in the Far North region of Cameroon , and grew up in the region 's principal city , Maroua .
Engebret Olsen Moe was born at Vaker in Norderhov , now Ringerike , Norway .
Michael de Grussa ( born 27 May 1982 , in Adelaide , South Australia ) is an Australian singer / songwriter .
Isaac Musekiwa is a soukous recording artist and saxophonist , in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Dattatraya Bhikaji Kulkarni is a Marathi writer , critic , retired university professor and freelance writer belonging to Maharashtra , India .
Pia Pakarinen ( born October 5 , 1990 ) is a Finnish actress , model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Suomi 2011 , the official representative of Finland to the 2011 Miss Universe pageant .
Jean - Marie Runiga Lugerero is an evangelical bishop and the former President of the March 23 Movement ( M23 ) , a rebel military faction in the Democratic Republic of the Congo , which took control of the eastern city of Goma in November , 2012 .
Riad Sattouf was born in Paris to a Syrian father and French mother and spent his childhood in Libya and Syria , then returned to France to spend his teenage years in Brittany , studying in Rennes .
Tales Schütz ( born 22 August 1981 in Porto Alegre , Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer who is currently playing for Esporte Clube São José .
Kendall Brown ( born in Dunedin , New Zealand , 15 August 1989 ) , is a halfpipe snowboarder based in Wanaka , New Zealand .
Sverre Bergh was born in Asker outside Oslo , Norway .
Carlo Lacana ( born November 11 , 1998 ) in Laoag City , Philippines ) is a Filipino child actor .
Jules Angst ( born 1926 ) is Emeritus Professor of Psychiatry at Zurich University in Zurich , Switzerland , and Honorary Doctor of Heidelberg University in Heidelberg , Germany .
S. Chand Group New Delhi ( India ) , 1974 His Majesty 's Paying Guest by Lal Bahadur Basnet .
Arthur Higelin ( born Paris , France , 27 March 1966 ) , better known under his stage name Arthur H ( aʁtyʁ ɑːʃ ) , is a pianist , songwriter and singer .
Babak Amin Tafreshi ( born in 1978 in Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian amateur astronomer , photographer , and science journalist .
Steve Askew collaborated with Lu Cozma on the album ' Red ' Following the release of RED , Cozma and Askew extensively toured the United Kingdom and with Askew supported `` Breaking Glass '' singer Hazel O '' Connor on the UK leg of her `` Hidden Heart '' tour .
Behzad Behzadi ( 1927 in Astara , Iran -- February 27 , 2008 in United States ) was an Iranian lawyer , Azerbaijani language author , and owner and manager - in - charge of the Azari quarterly magazine .
Jonas Bretkūnas , Johann(es ) Bretke was born in Prussia in 1536 .
Edward Leedskalnin was born January 12 , 1887 , according to World War I draft registration records , in Stāmeriena parish , Latvia .
Alex Hermans is a Paralympian athlete from Belgium competing mainly in category F36 shot put events .
Solomon Lew ( born 22 March 1945 ) is an Australian businessman , and one of Australia 's richest men .
Thomas Hickersberger ( born August 21 , 1973 ) is a retired Austria international football player and a coach who is currently an assistant manager with Rapid Vienna .
Abdulla Yusuf Helal ( born 12 June 1993 ) is a Bahraini professional footballer who plays as a defender who currently plays for East Riffa and Bahrain .
Frederick Joseph Kühtze ( 8 April 1833 - -21 November 1901 ) was a New Zealand brewer .
Born in Lagos , Nigeria , Frank Temile began his football career in his native Nigeria where he began with Covenant Lagos .
Eugène Moke Motsüri ( March 25 , 1916 -- April 6 , 2015 ) was a Democratic Republic of the Congo prelate of the Roman Catholic Church .
Guillermo Vargas Jiménez , also known as Habacuc , ( born September 18 , 1975 , in San José , Costa Rica ) is an artist best known for the controversy caused when he exhibited an emaciated dog in a gallery in Nicaragua in 2007 .
David Matthew Molony was a New Zealand cricketer active from 1985 to 1988 who played for Wellington cricket team , Wellington Second XI ( 1985/86 - -1993/94 ) .
Hywel ab Edwin ( died 1044 ) was king of Deheubarth in south Wales from 1033 to 1043 .
František Pitra ( born 13 November 1932 ) was the Prime Minister of the Czech Socialist Republic ( then part of Czechoslovakia ) from October 11 , 1988 through February 6 , 1990 .
Nguyễn Hồng Sơn ( born on October 9 , 1970 ) is a former Vietnamese football player , who played for the Thể Công football club and the Vietnam national football team ( one of the best players in the national team ) .
Eloi Charlemagne Taupin ( 17 August 1767 - -10 April 1814 ) became a French soldier before the French Revolution and was killed in 1814 leading his division in battle against the British and the Spanish in southern France .
Tamati Ngakaho ( ? --1904 ) was a New Zealand Ngāti Porou carver .
Line Haddad ( born 13 February 1978 in L'Union , France ) is a French pair skater who has also competed for Israel .
Marlies Amann - Marxer ( born July 31 , 1952 ) is a politician from Liechtenstein who serves as the current Minister of Infrastructure , Environment and Sport in the Government of the Principality of Liechtenstein .
Rewarded by the International Prize ProArte ( Russia ) , Olga Kisseleva works in collaboration with The Academy of Sciences `` Hybrid Space '' , a body of twelve interactive installations , a perilous game , that explores the capacity of the spectator to reveal the presence of a border , that separates reality and the imagination .
Martin Hirsch ( born 6 December 1963 in Suresnes ) is the former head of Emmaüs France , the former High Commissioner for Active Solidarity against Poverty , and the High Commissioner for Youth in the government of François Fillon .
Leutenegger also founded his own construction firm in Switzerland in 1965 , Hans Leutenegger AG , a business that continues as of 2012 .
James David Morton Foreman ( 24 April 1902 - -4 June 1992 ) was a New Zealand engineer , car salesman , businessman , plastics manufacturer and dollmaker .
Anandavally born into an Agricultural family at Veliyam , Quilon District , Kerala , India .
Lindsay Yeo is a New Zealand broadcaster who for some time had his own radio programme on Newstalk ZB , and continues to make regular relief appearances on the network .
Gilles Proulx ( born April 5 , 1940 ) is a historian , radio and television host in the province of Quebec , Canada .
Abraham Isaac Steytler ( 5 February 1840 - 17 December 1922 ) was a minister of the Nederduitse Gereformeerde Kerk in South Africa .
Edward Lofley ( c.1840 - -1889 ) was a New Zealand soldier , spa proprietor , tourist guide , journalist and character .
Pierre de Saintignon is born May 22 , 1948 in Angers , a city in western France , about 300 km southwest of Paris .
Kamran Ashraf Urdu:کامران اشرف ( born September 30 , 1973 ) is a former field hockey player from Pakistan , who was born in Sialkot .
Oleh Dubyna ( Ukrainian : Олег Дубина ; born 20 March 1959 ) is a former chairman of the board of the Ukraine 's national oil and gas company Naftogaz Ukrainy .
George Albert Tuck ( 1884 - -1981 ) was a notable New Zealand builder , soldier and diarist .
Christopher Senyonjo ( also Ssenyonjo ; born 1932 ) is a clergyman and campaigner for LGBT rights in Uganda .
Nandikeshvara ( 2nd century AD ) was the great theorist on stage - craft of ancient India , redoubtable rival of Bharata Muni .
Leopold Lummerstorfer ( born 1968 in Gramastetten , Austria ) is an Austrian film director , author and producer .
Nickey Iyambo ( born 20 May 1936 ) is a Namibian politician and physician who is the first and current Vice President of Namibia since 2015 .
Bart Veldkamp ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈbɑrt ˈfɛltkɑmp ) ; born 22 November 1967 ) is a retired speed skater , who represented both the Netherlands and Belgium in international competitions , including the Winter Olympics .
Velaiyar was born in a town called Kanchipuram ( Kanchipuram ) Thondai mandalam in Tamil Nadu , South India into an orthodox Saiva Tamil ( Desikar ) family around the middle of ( 17th century ) .
Kim Kwan - jin ( Hangul : 김관진 ; hanja : 金寬鎭 ; born August 27 , 1949 ) is Chief of The National Security Office in South Korea , following his appointment in the year of 2014 .
Kristian Kjøndal ( born 1985 in Larvik , Norway ) is a Norwegian poker player , who came in fourth in the season 3 EPT grand final .
Gemma Sanderson ( born 10 July 1983 ) is an Australian model , best known for winning the first cycle of the reality television show Australia 's Next Top Model .
Jean Arnault ( born in 1951 in France ) is the UN Secretary - General 's Delegate to the Sub - Commission on End of Conflict issues in the Colombia Peace Talks .
Abdoulatifou Aly ( born April 12 , 1960 ) is a member of the National Assembly of France and represents the island of Mayotte .
Rick Ardon ( born 4 March 1959 in Perth , Western Australia ) , is a news presenter on Seven News in Perth , Western Australia .
Tahmina Niyazova ( Tajik : Таҳмина Ниёзова , Persian : تهمینه نیازوا‎‎ ; born 14 February 1989 , in Dushanbe , Tajikistan ) is a Tajiki singer .
Dorothea of Saxe - Lauenburg ( 9 July 1511 -- 7 October 1571 ) , consort of Christian III from 1525 and Queen consort of Denmark and Norway .
Michael Robin Bynoe ( born February 23 , 1941 , Black Rock , Saint Michael , Barbados ) is a former West Indian cricketer who played in four Tests from 1959 to 1967 .
Since his earlier age , René de Cárdenas has been cradled by music and art : his mother was a professor at Cuba 's National Art Academy .
Uta Barth ( born 1958 in Berlin , Germany ) is a contemporary photographer who lives and works in Los Angeles , California .
Orlando Amêndola is a former Olympic freestyle swimmer , Water polo player and rower from Brazil , who participated at one Summer Olympics for his native country .
Zena Tooze ( born 3 May 1955 ) is a Canadian biologist and conservationist who has worked in Nigeria in the area of primate conservation since 1991 .
Ianina Zanazzi ( born January 7 , 1982 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is a professional racecar driver .
Diamantino Leong , also known as Ady or Adi ( born 8 October 1986 , in Dili , East Timor ) is a football player .
André Soares Ribeiro da Silva , more commonly known as André Soares ( 30 November 1720 -- 26 November 1769 ) was a leading Portuguese sculptor and architect active in Northern Portugal during the 18th century .
Sabine Meyer , born 30 March 1959 , in Crailsheim ( Baden - Württemberg - Germany ) , is a German classical clarinetist .
S. D. Subramania Yogi , popularly known as S. D. S. Yogi ( Tamil : ச. து. சு. யோகி ) was a Tamil director , playwright , screenplay writer and poet from Tamil Nadu , India .
Jerzy Kossak was a prolific painter of mostly historic scenes featuring the famed Polish Uhlans on horses , usually sold on the spot , but also used for barter at times of the postwar economic slump , until his death before the end of Stalinism in Poland .
Cilou Annys ( born 20 March 1991 ) is a Belgian model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Belgium 2010 on 10 January 2010 .
Nurkurniati Aisyah Dewi ( born 4 March 1970 in Jakarta , Indonesia ) , better known as Nia Dinata , is an award - winning Indonesian film director .
Bernadette Hall ( born 1945 in Alexandra , New Zealand ) is a New Zealand writer and poet .
Bruno Stagno Ugarte ( born 1970 in Paris , France ) was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Costa Rica from 2006 to 2010 and was the president of the Assembly of States Parties of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) from 2005 to 2008 .
Klaus Ebner was born on August 8 , 1964 in Vienna , Austria , where he grew up .
Alok Bhargava ( born 13 July 1954 , Alwar , India ) is an Indian - American econometrician .
Jerzy Szczakiel ( born 29 January 1949 , in Grudzice , Poland ) is a retired Speedway rider .
Khaled Mobayed ( Arabic : خالد المبيض ‎ ) ( born May 6 , 1993 in Syria ) is a Syrian football player who is currently playing for Al - Taliya in the Syrian Premier League .
Sajjad Ali ( born 24 August 1966 ) is a Pakistani semi - classical , pop and rock singer , poet , actor , director and producer from Lahore , Pakistan .
Hugh Gourley ( 1825 -- 16 December 1906 ) was a New Zealand politician born in Ireland .
Éric Legnini ( born in Huy , near Liège , Belgium on 20 February 1970 ) is a Belgian jazz pianist and leader of the Éric Legnini Trio .
Catherine Plewinski ( born 12 July 1968 in Courrières , Pas - de - Calais ) is a former freestyle and butterfly swimmer from France , who won two bronze medals at the Summer Olympics .
Iva Kramperová studied at the Music Faculty of Academy of Performing Arts in Prague ( Prof . Ivan Straus , Leos Cepicky ) , she has participated in several master classes in the Czech Republic ( Václav Hudeček ) and abroad ( France - Régis Pasquier ) .
Yuri Lotman was born in the Jewish intellectual family of lawyer Mikhail Lotman and Sorbonne - educated dentist Aleksandra Lotman in Petrograd , Russia .
Therese Grankvist spent her childhood in Nässjö , Sweden .
Sigurd I Magnusson ( c. 1090 -- 26 March 1130 ) , also known as Sigurd the Crusader ( Old Norse : Sigurðr Jórsalafari , Norwegian : Sigurd Jorsalfar ) , was King of Norway from 1103 to 1130 .
Tilly Key started singing at age six and gained recognition in France .
Sir Mike Mbama Okiro was the Inspector General of the Nigeria Police Force from 2007 to 2009 .
Nicholas Loney ( 1826 in Plymouth , United Kingdom -- 23 April 1869 Mount Kanlaon in Negros Island , Philippines ) was a British businessman and Vice Consul in the Philippines .
Born in Kabylie , French Algeria , Sail Mohamed served in the French Colonial Forces .
Charles Richard Ogden ( February 6 , 1791 -- February 19 , 1866 ) was a Joint Premier of the Province of Canada for Canada East from 1842 with William Henry Draper PM for Canada West .
Jean - Marie Bottequin is the son of Wallonian ( French speaking southern part of Belgium ) Prof . Dr. Armand Bottequin ( professor for philosophy , theatrical science und Romanic languages ) and his Flemish wife , nurse and social worker , Odile Maenhout .
Jacques Foccart ( 31 August 1913 -- 19 March 1997 ) was a chief adviser for the government of France on African policy as well as the co - founder of the Gaullist Service d'Action Civique ( SAC ) in 1959 with Charles Pasqua , which specialized in covert operations in Africa .
Anna Falchi ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈanna ˈfalki ) ; born Anna Kristiina Palomäki on 22 April 1972 in Tampere , Finland ) is an Italian - Finnish model and film actress .
Paul Nettleton is a lawyer and politician from British Columbia , Canada .
Achille Urbain : `` Le kou - prey ou bœuf gris cambodgien '' , Bulletin de la Société Zoologique de France 62(5 ) , 1937 , pp . 305 - -307 .
Jana Bach ( born 10 April 1979 , in Eisleben , Germany ) is a German pornographic actress , model , and television host .
Marlon Evans ( born 3 August 1997 ) is a Guamanian international footballer who plays for Wings in the Guam Men 's Soccer League
Louis Edgard de Trentinian was born in Brest , France on 25 August 1851 , His family was hereditary nobility of Breton origin , with a military tradition .
Ewen Solon ( 7 September 1917 -- 7 July 1985 ) was a New Zealand - born actor , who worked extensively in both the United Kingdom and Australia .
Amit Bagaria is Founder Chairman of Asipac Group in Bangalore , India .
After having had minor roles in different films , David Dencik became an established actor in Sweden for his role as the killer John Ausonius in the three - part TV mini - series Lasermannen in 2005 .
Luit Bieringa ( born 1942 ) is a New Zealand art historian , museum consultant and documentary maker .
Colonel Muktar Hussein Afrah ( Somali : Mukhtaar Xuseen Afrax ) is an officer in the army of the Transitional Federal Government of Somalia .
Gonzalo Tancredi ( born 3 August 1963 ) is an Uruguayan astronomer and associated professor in the Department of Astronomy at the University of the Republic in Montevideo , Uruguay .
Anand Narain Mulla ( October 1901 - -12 June 1997 ) was a prominent Urdu poet of India .
Wilberforce Talel ( born January 10 , 1980 in Marakwet District ) is runner from Kenya .
Viktor Prokopenko ( Ukrainian : Віктор Прокопенко ) ( 24 October 1944 -- 18 August 2007 ) was a football ( soccer ) player and coach who played in GDR and Ukrainian SSR and later worked as a coach in Russia and Ukraine .
Father Cyril Axelrod ( born Sheftil ben Avram Abba on 24 February 1942 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a deafblind Catholic priest of the Redemptorist Order known for his work for the deaf and deafblind people around the world , especially in South Africa , China and the United Kingdom .
In January 2015 , after featuring regularly with the under-17s , Thiago Maia was called up to the Brazil under-20 side , alongside Santos teammates Gabriel and Caju , for the 2015 South American Youth Football Championship .
Amy Atkinson ( born August 5 , 1989 in Ostfildern , Baden - Württemberg , Germany ) is a sprinter and middle distance runner from Guam .
Abdullah Naker ( also al - Zintani ) ( born 1971 or 1972 in Zintan , Libya ) is the head of the Tripoli Revolutionist Council ( TRC ) .
Born in 1888 in Kraków , Poland , Jean Lambert - Rucki was the youngest of a large family .
Walter Dieminger , ( July 7 , 1907 -- September 29 , 2000 ) was a German space scientist and director of Germany 's Max Planck Institute for Aeronomy from 1955 to 1975 .
Arif Abdullayev ( Azerbaijani : Arif Abdullayev ; born 28 August 1968 , Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an Azerbaijanian wrestler .
Rick Hoogendorp ( born 12 January 1975 in Blerick , Limburg ) is a former football striker from the Netherlands .
Jorge Rivera Galindo ( born October 28 , 1978 in Puerto Tejada , Cauca , Colombia ) is a Colombian footballer currently playing for León de Huánuco of the Primera División in Peru .
Stanisław Gądecki ( born 1949 ) is the Current Bishop of Poznan , Poland .
Georgette Koko ( born 16 March 1953 ) is a Gabonese politician who served in the government of Gabon as Deputy Prime Minister for the Environment from January 2006 to October 2009 .
Jaime Matossian ( born September 26 , 1955 in Madrid , Spain ) is a retired Armenian - Spanish equestrian .
Gains Whiting ( 1865 - -1946 ) was a New Zealand trade unionist and political activist .
A Native of Lucerne from the valley of the lakes Seetal Switzerland , Robert Trunz 's love for music and sounds was triggered at an early age .
Jacques Santini ( born 25 April 1952 in Delle , France ) is a former football player and manager .
John Thomas Bell ( 1878 - -1965 ) was , together with his two sons , the founder of Bellway , one of the United Kingdom 's largest housebuilding businesses .
Thomas Broun ( 15 July 1838 - -24 August 1919 ) was a New Zealand soldier , farmer , teacher and entomologist .
Martim Lourenço da Cunha ( 1300- ) was a Portuguese nobleman , 1st Lord of Pombeiro , during The Kingdom of Portugal .
Carl Cachopa ( born 17 May 1986 ) is a New Zealand cricketer who plays domestically for Auckland ( and previously also for Central Districts ) .
Churchill Julius ( 15 October 1847 -- 1 September 1938 ) was an Anglican cleric in England , then in Australia and New Zealand , becoming the first Archbishop of New Zealand .
Kamlesh Makvana ( born 31 August 1983 in Rajkot , Gujarat , India ) is a cricketer who plays domestic cricket for Saurashtra .
Alexander Nikolaevich Gorban ( Russian : Александр Николаевич Горба́нь ) is a scientist of Russian origin , working in the United Kingdom , professor of the University of Leicester , director of the Mathematical Modeling Centre .
Kim Newcombe ( 2 January 1944 -- 14 August 1973 ) , was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from New Zealand .
Juan Manuel Falcón Jiménez ( born 24 February 1989 ) is a Venezuelan professional footballer who plays for French Ligue 2 club FC Metz and the Venezuela national football team as a striker .
Henry Anglade ( born Thionville , France , 6 July 1933 ) is a former French cyclist .
Born in Aachen , Germany , the son of the doctor Carl Georg Hasenclever ( 1855 - -1934 ) and his wife Mathilde Anna ( 1869 - -1953 ) , Walter Hasenclever began studying law at Oxford University in 1908 before changing to the University of Lausanne .
Ettore Mendicino ( born February 11 , 1990 in Milan , Italy ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker for Lega Pro Prima Divisione club Salernitana , on loan from Lazio .
Henning Borch is a former world class badminton player from Denmark who won major tournaments from the early 1960s to the early 1970s .
Following the positive reception of Ex - Futur Album , Marc Hollander and Véronique Vincent formed a new i ve line - up of Aksak Maboul and performed around twenty concerts in Belgium , France , Germany , Switzerland and the Netherlands .
Jean Marie Rebischung is a French composer born 30 March 1962 , in Marseilles , France
Ichiro Nakamura ( died 1999 ) , was the late director of the Society of Johrei , Kyoto , Japan .
Marcelo Quiroga Santa Cruz ( 13 March 1931 -- 17 July 1980 ) was a noted writer , dramatist , journalist , social commentator , university professor , and socialist political leader from Bolivia .
Lluís Martínez Sistach ( born 29 April 1937 , Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain ) is a Cardinal and Archbishop emeritus of Barcelona .
Andrew Kooman is an author and playwright from Red Deer , Alberta , Canada .
Marc Arnold ( born 19 September 1970 in Johannesburg ) is a retired German - South African footballer who spent his entire professional career in Germany .
Laureano Fuentes Matons ( Santiago de Cuba , 3 July 1825 -- 30 September 1898 ) came from a family of musicians and wrote the first opera to be composed on the island , La hija de Jefe ( The Chief 's daughter ) .
Claes Björklund ( born 1971 in Motala , Sweden ) is a Swedish multi instrumentalist musician , producer and songwriter currently residing in Stockholm .
Jacek Proć ( born 9 September 1981 in Legnica ) is an archer from Poland .
Prince Norodom Chantaraingsey , a grandson of Norodom of Cambodia and cousin of King Norodom Suramarit , was born in 1926 in Phnom Penh .
Juliusz Kossak grew up in Lwów during the military partitions of Poland .
Valeria Bilello ( born 2 May 1982 , Sciacca , Sicily , Italy ) is an Italian actress and model .
Napat Tapketkaew ( Thai : ณภัทร ทับเกตุแก้ว , born June 29 , 1982 ) is a professional footballer from Thailand .
Víctor Neumann - Lara ( 1933 - -2004 ) was a Mexican mathematician , pioneer in the field of graph theory in Mexico .
Matthias Rath ( born 1955 in Stuttgart , Germany ) is a controversial doctor , businessman , and vitamin salesman .
Iiro Viinanen ( born September 27 , 1944 , Kuopio , Finland ) is a Finnish politician .
Thokozani Langa ( born 9 February 1972 ) is a Maskanda musician from Mahlabathini , Kwa - Zulu Natal , South Africa .
Louis - Marie - Raphaël Barbier ( 11 March 1792 -- 29 April 1852 ) was a physician and surgeon from Berthier - en - Haut in Lower Canada .
Kamorudeen Adekunle Adedibu was elected Senator for the Oyo South constituency of Oyo State , Nigeria , taking office on 29 May 2007 .
Fiona Farrell , ONZM ( born 1947 ) is a New Zealand poet , fiction writer and playwright .
Dr. Ansar Pervaiz , also spelled as ( Dr. Ansar Parvez ) , PhD HI , is a Pakistani scientist and a nuclear engineer who was the former chairman of the Pakistan Atomic Energy Commission ( PAEC ) , and current chairman of the Board of Governors of International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) .
Jay Abbass ( born 1957 ) is a lawyer , businessman , former stockbroker and former political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Otto Fabricius was born in Rudkøbing on the island of Langeland , Denmark where his father was a rector .
Harry Thuku ( 1895 - -1970 ) , was a Kenyan politician , who was one of the pioneers in the development of modern African nationalism in Kenya .
Reinhild Hoffmann moved to southern Germany as a child and studied ballet at a school in Karlsruhe .
Yaşar Halit Çevik , ( born 1955 in Gölcük , Kocaeli , Turkey ) is a Turkish ambassador .
Jake Cody ( born 4 July 1988 ) is a professional poker player from Rochdale , England , United Kingdom .
Eduardo Julián Elfenbein Kaufmann better known as Julián Elfenbein ( born in Santiago , Chile in July 24 , 1972 ) is a Chilean journalist , radio broadcaster and television presenter .
Klaus Schlappner ( born May 22 , 1940 in Lampertheim , Hesse , Germany ) is a football manager .
Álvaro Araújo Castro ( born 7 November 1967 ) is a Colombian economist and former actor and Senator of Colombia .
Cees van Dongen ( 1932 -- 23 December 2011 ) was a Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from the Netherlands .
Uduwatuwage Janath Priya Thilanga Sumathipala MP ( born 3 May 1964 ) ( known as Thilanga Sumathipala ) is a Sri Lankan politician who is currently the Deputy Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka since 2015 .
Chika Okeke - Agulu was born in Umuahia in Nigeria in 1966 .
Elizabeth Best Taylor ( 21 September 1868 -- 27 April 1941 ) was a New Zealand temperance worker , community leader and social reformer .
A native of Vienna , Leo Moser immigrated with his parents to Canada at the age of three .
Gustaf Banér ( May 19 , 1547 -- March 20 , 1600 ) was a Swedish nobleman and member of the Privy Council of Sweden .
Aniceti Kitereza ( 1896 - -1981 ) was a Tanzanian novelist , was born in 1896 to Muchuma and her husband Malindima in Ukerewe , Tanzania .
Georgia Spiropoulos ( Greek : Γεωργία Σπυροπούλου ) ( born in Greece , 1965 ) is a composer , who studied piano , harmony , counterpoint and fugue in Athens .
Anoor Anantha Krishna Sharma ( Kannada : ಆನೂರು ಅನಂತ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ಶರ್ಮ , born 1965 ) is a mridangist from India .
After the Communist Party of China won the Chinese Civil War and founded the People 's Republic of China in 1949 , Hong Shen was appointed Director of the Bureau of External Cultural Relations under the Ministry of Culture , and Vice - President of the Chinese Dramatists Association .
Yunfa ( reigned 1801 - -1808 ) was a king of the Hausa city - state of Gobir in what is now Nigeria .
Carolyn Smart ( born in England , 1952 ) is an author , mostly of poetry , who lives rurally north of Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Viktor Musiyaka ( born 1946 ) is Ukrainian politician , leader of the party `` Forward , Ukraine ! '' , and former deputy chairman of the Ukrainian parliament .
Bachir Attar ( born 1964 in Jajouka , Morocco ) is the leader of The Master Musicians of Jajouka led by Bachir Attar .
Bognessan Arsène Yé ( born 10 October 1957 ) is a Burkinabé politician who was President of the Assembly of People 's Deputies of Burkina Faso from 1992 to 1997 , President of the Congress for Democracy and Progress ( CDP ) from 1996 to 1999 , and a Minister of State from 1997 to 2000 .
Mohammad Mohaqiq ( Persian : محمد محقق‎‎/Pashto : محمد محقق‎ ) is a politician in Afghanistan , serving as a member of the Afghan Parliament .
Campira has become one of the regular players in the right side of the defence of the Mozambique national football team over the years , gaining a total of 13 caps by December 2009 .
Peter Grehn ( born 1971 in Bollnäs , Sweden ) is a Swedish guitarplayer who currently performs with the metalband Lady Die , Morgana Lefay .
Mr Haroun Suleiman is a former Minister of Education in Tanzania ( Zanzibar ) from 2001 up to 2010 .
Hsieh Chia - hsien ( traditional Chinese : 謝佳賢 ; simplified Chinese : 谢佳贤 ; pinyin : Xiè Jiaxián ; Wade -- Giles : Hsieh4 Chia5 Hsien2 ; born April 8 , 1976 in Hualien , Taiwan , Republic of China ) is a Taiwanese professional baseball player .
Albert Kawana ( born 26 March 1956 ) is a Namibian politician who has served in the Cabinet of Namibia as Minister of Justice since 2015 .
Mauno Olavi Laiho ( 1907 - 2 September 1944 ) was the last Finn to be executed in Finland .
Kastner was born Richard Otto Bruno Kastner in Forst ( Lausitz ) , Brandenburg , Germany in 1890 .
Michael Bevin ( born 25 May 1977 in Hastings , New Zealand ) is a field hockey goalkeeper from New Zealand .
Pravinchandra Varjivan Gandhi ( ? --2010 ) was chairman of Dena Bank and a leading newspaper publisher from India .
John Paul Jenkins ( born 20 January 1981 ) is a local politician in Wales , in the United Kingdom .
Christian Christiansen ( 9 October 1843 in Lønborg , Denmark -- 28 November 1917 Frederiksberg ) was a Danish physicist .
Markus Leoson , born 1970 in Linköping , Sweden , is a percussionist , cimbalom player and pedagogue .
Sheikh Aftab Ahmed is a Pakistani Politician and a Member of National Assembly of Pakistan currently serving as Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs in Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's Cabinet .
Yuji Tachikawa ( 立川 祐路 , Tachikawa Yūji , born July 5 , 1975 in Kanagawa , Japan ) , is a Japanese racing driver .
Günter Rittner ( born 11 March 1927 , in Breslau , Silesia , Germany ) is a German painter and illustrator .
Liz Lieu ( born August 2 , 1974 in Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese professional poker player .
Dato ' Jacob Dungau Sagan ( born 26 September 1946 ) was the Member of the Parliament of Malaysia for Baram , Sarawak , from 1995 to 2013 .
William Allan Rodda ( 1917 - 27 May 2010 ) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Victoria for the Liberal and Country League and Liberal Party of Australia from 1965 to 1985 .
Following his election to the State Parliament , in the lower - house seat of Niddrie , Rob Hulls ' replacement as Brumby 's Chief of Staff was Julia Gillard , who later in her own career became Australia 's first female Prime Minister ( 2010 - 13 ) .
Satu Tuomisto is a Finnish contemporary dance choreographer whose pieces since the turn of the century have been performed in Britain , Finland and internationally .
Krzysztof Radzikowski ( born August 18 , 1981 ) is a professional strongman competitor from Głowno , Poland .
Okay Temiz ( born 1939 , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a leading Turkish fusion jazz percussionist and drummer .
Adam Zampa ( born 31 March 1992 ) is an Australian cricketer who represents South Australia , Melbourne Stars and Rising Pune Supergiants .
Jonas Woodward ( 1810 ? -- 13 June 1881 ) was a New Zealand businessman , educationalist , politician , congregational leader and public trustee .
Zhao Ti ( Chinese : 赵倜 ) ( 1871 -- 1933 ) was a Chinese general of the late Qing and early Republican period of China .
Ian Fang ( born December 13 , 1989 ) is a Chinese actor and MediaCorp artiste based in Singapore .
Feim Ibrahimi ( 1935 - -1997 ) was born on 20 October 1935 in Gjirokastër , southern Albania .
Alec O'Leary ( M.Mus . , B.Mus . , Dip . Inst . Teaching ) is the director and founder of the Guitar Festival of Ireland and is widely regarded as one of the foremost guitarists of his generation .
Jarl - Thure Eriksson ( born 5 November 1944 in Hammarland in Åland , Finland ) is Doctor of Science in Technology , Professor of Electrical Engineering and Rector of Tampere University of Technology ( TUT ) in Finland between the years 1997 - -2008 .
Andreas Christou is a political and social figure in the Republic of Cyprus .
Sushmita Banerjee , also known as Sushmita Bandhopadhyay and Sayeda Kamala ( 1963/1964 -- 4/5 September 2013 ) , was a writer and activist from India .
Emmanuel Oreste Zamor ( 1861 - -1915 ) served as president of Haiti in 1914 .
Parviz Hadi Basmenj ( Persian : پرویز هادی باسمنج‎‎ , born in Basmenj , East Azerbaijan , Iran ) is an Iranian wrestler .
Dušan Tadić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Тадић ; born 20 November 1988 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays for English club Southampton and the Serbia national team .
Wilson A. Head ( September 30 , 1914 -- October 7 , 1993 ) was an American / Canadian sociologist and community planner known for his work in race relations , human rights and peace in the United States , Canada and other parts of the world .
Pieter Zeeman was born in Zonnemaire , a small town on the island of Schouwen - Duiveland , Netherlands , to Catharinus Forandinus Zeeman , a minister of the Dutch Reformed Church , and Willemina Worst .
Anirudh Kala is a psychiatrist based in Ludhiana , India .
Claudio Maccone ( born 6 February 1948 , Torino , Italy ) is an Italian SETI astronomer , space scientist and mathematician .
Kristín Steinsdóttir is a well - known children 's author and translator in Iceland .
Lazar Popovski ( born 19 May 1975 in Skopje , SR Macedonia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Macedonian whitewater kayaker , and a four - time Olympian .
Waratthaya Wongchayaporn ( Thai : วรัทยา ว่องชยาภรณ์ ) , nicknamed Mind ( Thai : มายด์ ) ( born December 30 , 1992 in Hat Yai , Songkhla Province Thailand ) is a Thai beauty queen and the official representative of Thailand to the 2012 Miss Earth pageant .
In 1939 , when the name of the country was changed from Siam to Thailand , a competition was launched to create new lyrics , with those by Luang Saranupraphan winning .
María Ángeles Rodríguez González ( Ángela Rodicio ) was born in San Cristóbal of Regodeigón ( Galicia , Spain ) in 1963 .
Ch Ansir Iqbal Baryar ( born May 10 , 1972 ) was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab ( Pakistan ) ( 2002 - -2007 ) and Chairman of the Standing Committee on Literacy and Non - Formal Basic Education .
Ahmed Abdallah Mohamed Sambi ( Arabic : أحمد عبدالله محمد سامبي‎ , born 5 June 1958 ) is a Comorian Islamic leader and politician , and former President of Comoros .
Dr. Azizullah Lodin ( Pashto : داکترعزیزالله لودین ) was the head of the Independent Election Commission of Afghanistan .
Trauma II ( born December 12 , 1982 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican luchador enmascarado , or masked professional wrestler working on the Mexican independent circuit and as a freelance wrestler for promotions such as International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) , portraying a tecnico ( `` Good guy '' ) wrestling character .
Fin Donnelly ( born May 27 , 1966 ) is a Canadian politician , who was elected to the House of Commons of Canada in a by - election on November 9 , 2009 , representing the electoral district of New Westminster--
He is commemorated by the Kent Arts and Libraries `` Marcus Crouch Collection '' of approximately 1,500 children 's books that were published in the United Kingdom between 1830 and 1930 .
Turhan Përmeti ( 1839 ? in Përmet -- 1927 ) was an Albanian politician in the Ottoman Empire and later prime minister of Albania .
Hanefi Avcı ( born 1956 , Kahramanmaraş Province ) is a former chief of police in Turkey , and author of the best - selling book Haliç’te Yaşayan Simonlar , in which Avcı claimed that the Gülen movement had infiltrated the police and manipulated key trials such as the Ergenekon trials through judges and prosecutors close to the movement .
Mem Rodrigues de Briteiros ( 1225- ? ) was a Portuguese noblemen , member of the Court of Afonso III of Portugal .
Māris Riekstiņš ( born 8 April 1963 , Riga , Latvia ) is a Latvian politician and diplomat and a former Foreign Minister of Latvia ( November 2007 -- April 2010 ) .
Major - General Léonard Mulamba ( 1928 - 12 August 1986 ) was a military and political leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Frédéric Talgorn ( born 2 July 1961 in Toulouse , France ) is a French composer for film and television .
Burak Aksak ( born September 12 , 1985 in Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Turkish screenwriter , director and actor .
Bettina Hoy ( born Bettina Overesch : November 7 , 1962 ) is an Olympic - level equestrian rider , who competes for Germany in Eventing competitions .
Juan Jesús Vivas Lara ( Ceuta , 27 February 1953 ) is the Mayor - President of the autonomous city of Ceuta in Spain , since 8 February 2001 .
In 1964 , Orlando Corradi and Kenichi Tominaga found DEA S.n.c . , a company active in the audiovisual animation sector , with the aim of acquiring the rights to Japanese animated cartoons for distribution in Italy and Europe .
The President of the United States of America , in the name of Congress , takes pleasure in presenting the Medal of Honor to Quartermaster Edward R. Bowman , United States Navy , for extraordinary heroism in action while serving on board the U.S.S. TICONDEROGA during attacks on Fort Fisher , North Carolina , 13 to 15 January 1865 .
Lady Kehinde Kamson , KJW , ( born 14 August 1961 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian entrepreneur , business leader and philanthropist .
Cornelia Mooswalder ( born 2 August 1993 in Leoben , Austria ) is a singer and winner of the ORF talent show Heroes of Tomorrow .
Bruce Atherton Smith ( 1937 -- November 27 , 2006 ) was a journalist and politician in the province of New Brunswick , Canada .
Ihor Yukhnovskyi ( Ukrainian : Iгор Рафаïлович Юхновський ; also Yukhnovsky ; born 1925 ) is a Ukrainian scientist , politician , and statesman , a member of the Presidium of Academy of Sciences of Ukraine , Hero of Ukraine .
Erhard Busek ( born 25 March 1941 in Vienna , Austria ) is a politician from the Christian - conservative People 's Party ( ÖVP ) .
Linda de Suza ( born Teolinda Joaquina de Sousa Lança , 22 February 1948 in Beja , Portugal ) is a Lusophone and Francophone singer , actress and author .
Rudolf Kotormány ( born 23 January 1911 in Austria - Hungary ( now in Romania ) - deceased 2 August 1983 ) was a Romanian international footballer who played as a defender .
Jimmy Faulkner ( 31 January 1950 -- 4 March 2008 ) was one of Ireland 's top guitarists , who in a four - decade career played with many of Ireland 's leading rock and roll , blues , folk and jazz musicians .
Tim Hawkinson ( born 1960 ) is an artist from the United States of America who mostly works as a sculptor .
Maman Abdurrahman ( born in Jakarta , Indonesia , 12 May 1982 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer .
Nasrollah Jahangard ( born 1958 in Tehran ) is an Iranian politician and expert manager appointed as the deputy minister of ICT and the head of Information Technology organization of Iran .
Suparno Satpathy is a noted and highly respected socio - political leader from the state of Odisha in India .
Luke Munana ( born January 10 , 1979 ) is an American former competitive ice dancer who represented Mexico in international competition with his sister Laura Munana .
Ulf Leonhardt , FRSE ( born October 9 , 1965 ) is a German scientist , born in Schlema , Germany ( formerly East Germany ) .
Eleazar Soria Ibarra ( born January 11 , 1948 in Lima ) is a lawyer and retired football midfielder from Peru .
Roberto Duailibi , born October 8 , 1935 in Campo Grande , Brazil is a Brazilian advertising executive .
Francisco Ceinos ( also spelled Francisco Ceynos ) was one of five oidores ( members ) of the second Audiencia of New Spain .
Federigo Fiorillo ( baptized 1 June 1755 Brunswick , Germany , died after 1823 ) was a mandolinist and composer , who wrote thirty - six caprices for violin , also called études .
Alan Gregg is a New Zealand musician , originally from Palmerston North , now based in London .
Gabriel Toubia ( born on 15 August 1930 in Darbechtar , Lebanon -- died on 6 April 1997 ) was a Maronite Archbishop of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli in Lebanon .
José Isidro Rico Rangel ( born May 15 , 1961 ) is a former marathon runner from Mexico , whose personal best in the classic distance was 2:09:14 ( 1994 ) .
S. K. Majumdar was one of Patna High Court 's leading lawyers , who primarily practiced at the Supreme Court of India and the Patna High Court .
David Moritz Michael was born in Kühmhausen in 1751 and was educated in Germany .
Ashraf W. Tabani ( 17 December 1930 -- 16 July 2009 ) was elected the Governor of Sindh and the Provincial Minister of Finance , Industries , Excise and Taxation between 1981 and 1984 during Muhammad Zia - ul - Haq 's term of office as the President of Pakistan .
Thomas Frederick Anderson ( 30 December 1888 -- 22 September 1964 ) was a New Zealand seaman and trade unionist .
Nicole Moudaber is a Lebanese - Nigerian music producer and DJ born in Nigeria .
Julius Ucha ( born 19 October 1958 ) was elected Senator for the Ebonyi Central constituency of Ebonyi State , Nigeria , taking office on 29 May 2003 , and was reelected in 2007 .
Francisco Javier Cuesta Ramos ( León , Spain , 16 October 1971 ) , better known as Frank Cuesta , is a Spanish adventurer , television presenter and tennis coach , who currently lives in Bangkok , Thailand .
Mumtaz Mufti ( Urdu : ممتاز مفتی ) ( September 11 , 1905 -- October 27 , 1995 ) , was a writer from Pakistan .
Ruby Frost ( born 1987 ) ( born Jane de Jong ) is a New Zealand singer and songwriter from Auckland .
Jorge Fernández Madinabeitia ( born August 8 , 1972 in Alicante , Spain ) is a Spanish actor , TV Host , model and basketball player from the Basque Country .
Samsong is a Nigerian gospel artist , based in Abuja , Nigeria .
Mattias Wennerberg ( born August 6 , 1981 in Vilhelmina , Sweden ) is a forward for the Sundsvall hockey team in the Swedish division-1 league .
Stefan Nimke ( born March 1 , 1978 in Hagenow , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern ) is an Olympic and world champion track cyclist from Germany .
Christiaan Van Vuuren is an actor and video blogger from Sydney , Australia .
In 2011 Austria has decided to nominate Dr. Franz Fischler as a candidate for the position of director general of FAO .
Patrik Flodin ( born August 16 , 1984 in Ilsbo , Sweden ) is a rally driver from Sweden .
Javed Naseer Rind , also transliterated as Javed Nasir Rind , Javid Naseer Rind or Jawaid Naseer Rind , ( died 5 November 2011 ) was abducted 10 September 2011 and his corpse was discovered 5 November 2011 in Balochistan , Pakistan .
Jean - Marc Moret ( born 6 June 1942 , in Geneva , Switzerland ) is a Swiss archaeologist and art historian .
George Pitt Morison ( 31 August 1861 -- 4 September 1946 ) was an Australian painter and engraver noted particularly for his painting The Foundation of Perth 1829 which was commissioned as part of Western Australia 's centenary celebrations , and presented to the Art Gallery of Western Australia in February 1929 .
Matthew Tuisamoa is a New Zealand former rugby league player who represented Western Samoa .
Anastasiya Markovich lives and works in Chernivtsi in the south - west of Ukraine where she grew up after her birth .
Wolfgang Harich ( 3 December 1923 -- 15 March 1995 ) was a philosopher and journalist in East Germany .
Alexander Raphael ( died 1850 ) was the first British - Armenian to serve in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom .
Duse Nacaratti died of respiratory failure on July 23 , 2009 , around 9 A.M. at the Hospital Ipanema Plus in southern Rio de Janaeiro , Brazil , at the age of 67 .
César Azpilicueta Tanco ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈθesaɾ aθpiliˈkweta ˈtaŋko ) ; born 28 August 1989 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a full back for English club Chelsea and the Spain national team .
Heikki Häiväoja ( born May 25 , 1929 in Jämsä , Finland ) , is a Finnish sculptor and designer of the Finnish euro coins design for the minor and middle series of coins .
Di Morrissey ( born 18 March 1948 in Wingham , New South Wales ) is one of the most successful novelists of Australia with 24 best - selling novels and two children 's books published .
Rafael Morera López ( born in Lanzarote , Spain ) was a Spanish professional association football player .
René Ariza ( 1940 - -1994 ) was a Cuban actor , director , and writer born in Havana , Cuba .
Karin Wahlberg ( born 1950 in Kalmar , Sweden ) is a Swedish obstetrician and author .
Madeleine Dupont ( born May 26 , 1987 in Glostrup , Denmark ) is a Danish curler from Hvidovre .
Marian Sandu ( born 5 May 1972 in Ploieşti , Prahova , Romania ) is a retired Romanian wrestler and Olympic champion in Greco - Roman wrestling .
Henry Joseph Clarke ( July 7 , 1833 -- September 13 , 1889 ) , who sometimes used the middle names Hynes and O'Connell , was a lawyer and politician in Manitoba , Canada .
David Luiz Moreira Marinho ( born 22 April 1987 ) , known as David Luiz , is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for French club Paris Saint - Germain and serves as vice - captain for the Brazil national team .
Kallie Knoetze ( born as Nikolaas Jacobus Knoetze on 24 April 1953 in Pretoria , South Africa ) is a retired South African heavyweight boxer .
Tan Sri Abdul Rahman Hashim ( 7 July 1925 -- 7 June 1974 ) was Malaysia 's Inspector - General of Police from 1 February 1973 to 7 June 1974 .
Renato or René Petit lived his life traveling between Spain and France .
Lagle Parek was born on 17 April 1941 in Pärnu ( at that time the Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic ) and was the daughter of the former captain of the Military of Estonia Charles Parek ( 1903 - 1941 ) and his wife Elsbeth Parek , a museum director ( born in 1902 ) .
Carl Maria Splett ( 17 January 1898 -- 5 March 1964 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Danzig , after World War II he was imprisoned in Poland and exiled in West Germany .
Abeba Aregawi Gebretsadik ( Amharic:አበባ አረጋዊ ; born 5 July 1990 ) is an Ethiopian - born middle - distance runner , currently representing Sweden internationally , who specialises in the 1500 metres .
Anthony Ukpabi Asika ( 28 June 1936 -- 14 September 2004 ) was Administrator of East Central State , Nigeria during the military regime of General Yakubu Gowon , appointed when his predecessor , the Eastern Region governor Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu , led the Biafran state into secession .
Alexander Bozhkov ( Bulgarian : Александър Божков ) ( August 9 , 1951 -- August 23 , 2009 ) was Deputy Prime Minister and Industry Minister of Bulgaria from 1997 to 1999 .
Giorgia Surina ( born 8 March 1975 in Milan ) is an Italian television personality known for presenting TRL Italy , the Italian version of Total Request Live broadcast by MTV Italia .
Ellen Hutchins was from Ballylickey , where her family had a small estate at the head of Bantry Bay , County Cork , Ireland .
Ross Peraudo ( born 7 November 1992 in Venaria Reale , Italy ) is an alpine skier who competes for Australia .
Arenda Haasnoot ( born 28 March 1973 ) is a Dutch theologian and preacher in the Protestant Church in the Netherlands ( PKN ) .
Nji Oumarou Nchare ( born December 25 , 1964 in Foumban , Cameroon ) is Co - Director of the Bamum Scripts and Archives Project in Foumban , Cameroon and Director of Cultural Affairs and Archivist at the Bamum Palace .
The son of a lawyer , Karl Böhm studied law and earned a doctorate in this subject before entering the music conservatory in his home town of Graz , Austria .
Danielle McGrath ( née Carr ) ( born 6 November 1969 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian retired pair skater who currently works as a coach .
Eva Maria Pracht lives in Cedar Valley , Ontario , Canada .
Michael Slipchuk ( born March 19 , 1966 ) is a Canadian former competitive figure skater who currently serves as the High Performance Director of Skate Canada .
Yonathan Cabral ( Isidro Casanova , Buenos Aires , Argentina , May 10 , 1992 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as defender in the Racing Club of Primera Division Argentina .
Noureddine Ould Ménira ( born 6 May 1968 ) , is a Mauritania Olympic sprinter .
Lina Andrijauskaitė ( born 29 May 1987 ) is a track and field various events athlete who competes internationally for Lithuania .
Diego Jara ( born Concordia , Province of Entre Rios , Argentina , October 4 , 1983 ) is a football Argentine .
Nguyễn Xuân Oánh ( Phủ Lạng Thương , today Bắc Giang , 1921 -- Hồ Chí Minh City , 29 August 2003 ) was a Vietnamese economist , who was appointed as Prime Minister of South Vietnam in 1964 and 1965 .
Duk Sung Son , was born in Seoul , in what is now known as South Korea , on June 17 , 1922 .
Felino Dolloso ( born Manila , 1980 ) is a Filipino - Australian actor currently based in Sydney , Australia .
Muhammadu Kudu Abubakar Ubandoma III ( died 30 March 2014 ) was appointed Etsu ( Ruler ) of the Agaie Emirate , a traditional state based in Agaie in Niger State , Nigeria on 30 April 2004 .
During CMLL 's 75th Anniversary celebration in 2008 Estrella Blanca was invited to make an appearance during a show in Mexico City and was one of the legends honored during the show along with Leon Negro , Tony Lopez , Saeta Azteca , and Manuel Robles .
Giuseppe Sirtori ( 17 April 1813 -- 18 September 1874 ) was an Italian soldier , patriot and politician who fought in the unification of Italy .
Nikola Kastner ( born 1983 in Hamburg , West Germany ) is an actress who has appeared in numerous German films and television productions .
Vandy Rattana ( born 1980 in Phnom Penh , Cambodia ) is a photographer and artist , now resident in Taiwan , whose work is concerned with Cambodian society .
Alonso López ( born May 28 , 1986 in Mexico City ) is an undefeated Mexican professional boxer in the Flyweight division .
Cecilie Ore was born in Oslo , Norway , and studied piano at the Norwegian Academy of Music in Oslo .
Manuel Carlos Mouriño Atanes ( born March 4 , 1943 in Vigo , Spain ) is a Spanish - Mexican businessman and President of Spanish football club Celta de Vigo .
Henrik Kreüger ( 1882 - -1953 ) was born in Kalmar , Sweden and obtained his M.Sc .
Bahram Bagirzade ( Azerbaijani : Bəhram Bağırzadə ) ( born September 4 , 1972 in Baku , Azerbaijan ) is an entertainer , TV host , actor , comedian and film director .
Yaakov Ariel ( Hebrew : יעקב אריאל‎ ) is the chief rabbi of the city of Ramat Gan , Israel and one of the leading rabbis of the religious Zionist movement .
Called the `` Apostle of appreciation '' by the Globe and Mail , Canada 's largest newspaper , and `` creative and refreshing ‚ '' by the New York Times , Chester Elton is co - author of several successful leadership books .
Abdel Karim Obeid ( i/ˈæbdʊl ˈkɑːriːm oʊˈbeɪd/ ; Arabic : الشيخ عبد الكريم عبيد‎ ) is a Sheikh and Imam of the village of Jibchit in south Lebanon , high - place of Lebanese Shiism .
Aniporn Chalermburanawong ( Thai : อนิพรณ์ เฉลิมบูรณะวงศ์ ; rtgs : Aniphon Chaloemburanawong ; born March 17 , 1994 ) is a Thai professional model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss Universe Thailand 2015 .
Jhala Nath Khanal ( Nepali : झलनाथ खनाल Listen ; born 20 May 1950 , Darjeeling , West Bengal , India ) is a Nepalese politician who was the 35th Prime Minister of Nepal from February 2011 to August 2011 .
Elmes Yelverton Steele ( February 6 , 1781 -- August 6 , 1865 ) was a naval officer , farmer and political figure in Canada West .
Neil Pigot ( born 28 December 1961 ) is an Australian actor who is perhaps best known in Australia for his role as Inspector Falcon Price in the highly successful television series Blue Heelers .
Carlos Eugênio Simon ( born 3 September 1965 ) is an ex - FIFA football referee from Brazil .
Rolando Meriño Betancourt is a baseball player for Cuba .
Ricardo Cortés ( born January 24 , 1980 in Michoacán de Ocampo , Mexico ) is a Mexican boxer in the Super Middleweight division and the former IBA Americas Super Middleweight Champion .
Ashok Row Kavi is an Indian journalist and one of India 's most prominent LGBT rights activists .
Mary Elizabeth Tripe ( née Richardson , 14 September 1870 -- 21 September 1939 ) was a notable New Zealand artist and art teacher .
Domingos Simões Pereira ( born 1963 ) was Prime Minister of Guinea - Bissau from 2014 to August 2015 , when the President dismissed the government .
Ahmed al - Haznawi was the son of a Saudi imam from the Al - Bahah province , a province in the south west of Saudi Arabia .
Alex Machacek ( born 1 July 1972 in Tulln an der Donau , Austria ) is an Austrian jazz fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut album Featuring Ourselves and the acclaimed follow - up Delete and Roll with the band BPM .
Roberto Torretti ( born February 15 , 1930 in Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean philosopher , author and academic who is internationally renowned for his contributions to the history of philosophy , physics and mathematics .
Nisar Bazmi ( Urdu : نثار بزمی ; December 1 , 1924 -- March 22 , 2007 ) was a composer and music director of Indian and Pakistan film industry .
Theo van Doesburg was born Christian Emil Marie Küpper on August 30 , 1883 , in Utrecht , the Netherlands , as the son of the photographer Wilhelm Küpper and Henrietta Catherina Margadant .
Ernst Oddvar Baasland ( born April 3 , 1945 in Kristiansand ) was the Bishop of the Diocese of Stavanger in the Church of Norway from 1998 to 2009 .
Neelamperoor Madhusoodanan Nair ( born March 25 , 1936 ) is a Malayalam -- language poet and writer from Kerala state , South India .
Many of the work Andeel was exposed to prior to Jaheen was foreign , so seeing Jaheen 's work about Egypt was a motivating factor to his getting involved in cartooning .
Vik Muniz ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvik muˈnis ) ; born in 1961 , São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian artist and photographer .
Jean Guyon du Buisson ( September 18 , 1592 -- May 30 , 1663 ) was the patriarch of `` one of the earliest French families to settle in ( Nouvelle France ) , one of the most numerous in the beginning , one of the most respected and best known . ''
Deva Premal ( born 2 April 1970 in Nürnberg , Germany ) is a musician known for her meditative spiritual new - age music , which puts ancient Buddhist and Sanskrit mantras -- as well as chants in other languages -- into atmospheric contemporary settings .
Kenneth Colin Bland ( born 5 April 1938 in Bulawayo , Southern Rhodesia ) is a former Rhodesian cricketer who played in 21 Tests for South Africa in the 1960s .
Bruno Faidutti ( 23 October 1961 ) is a historian and sociologist , living in France , who is best known as an author of board games .
Artur Taymazov ( Ossetian : Таймазты Барисы фырт Артур ( born July 20 , 1979 in Nogir , North Ossetian ASSR ) ) is an Ossetian - Uzbek wrestler and Uzbekistan 's most decorated Olympian .
Kamal Habibollahi ( Persian : کمال‌الدین میرحبیب‌اللهی‎‎ , born february 1930 in Astara , Iran ) was Commander of the Imperial Iranian Navy until the Islamic Revolution .
Panomkorn Saisorn ( Thai พนมกรณ์ สายสอน ) , is a Thai futsal Midfielder , and is a member of Thailand national futsal team .
Maarja - Liis Ilus , sometimes better known by her performing name Maarja ( born 24 December 1980 in Tallinn , Estonia ) is a pop musician .
Stefan Pfeiffer ( born November 15 , 1965 in Hamburg ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Germany .
Frederick Earp ( 27 October 1841 -- 8 August 1928 ) was a New Zealand goldminer , farmer , surveyor and market gardener .
Fatiu Ademola Akesode ( 1940 - 2001 ) was a Nigerian professor of paediatrics , educational administrator , and former vice chancellor of Lagos State University Lagos State , Nigeria .
Antoine Abed ( born October 26 , 1896 in Tripoli , Lebanon - died on September 15 , 1975 ) was a Maronite Archeparch of the Maronite Catholic Archeparchy of Tripoli in Lebanon .
Vladimir Koh has been a prominent orchestral violinist in Serbia and abroad .
Diane Gerencser ( born 27 January 1972 ) is a former ice dancer who competed internationally for both Switzerland and Italy .
Camille Dias ( born August 28 , 1996 in Leysin , Switzerland ) is an alpine skier competing for Portugal .
Nils Slaatto ( June 22 , 1922 -- March 16 , 2001 ) was for more than two decades one of Norway 's most prominent and influential architects , having a strong and distinctive impression on Norwegian architecture .
Emmanuel Michon ( born May 9 , 1955 ) is a former ice speed skater from France , who represented his native country at two consecutive Winter Olympics , starting in 1976 in Innsbruck , Austria .
Sylvie Courvoisier ( born November 30 , 1968 in Lausanne , Switzerland ) is a composer , pianist and improviser .
Kanda Bongo Man ( born Bongo Kanda ; 1955 in Inongo , Democratic Republic of the Congo ) is a Congolese soukous musician .
John William Barrie Devenport ( 7 October 1935 -- 25 July 2010 , often mistakenly reported as `` Barrie Davenport '' ) was a New Zealand swimmer and lifesaver who was the first person in modern history to swim Cook Strait .
Mikko Härkin ( born May 25 , 1979 in Keitele , Finland ) is a Finnish power metal keyboardist , who has performed with Sonata Arctica and Kenziner .
Anthony Napunyi ( born October 3 , 1982 in Kenya ) is a Kenyan professional boxer in the Featherweight division .
Michael Huth ( born 2 September 1969 ) is a German figure skating and former competitor for East Germany .
Jawahar Wattal ( Kashmiri : जवाहर वट्टल ( Devanagari ) , جواہر وٹل ( Nastaleeq ) ) , one of India 's top cultural entrepreneurs , music director and producer , is best known for being a pioneer in the Indian non - filmi music field and for shifting the focus of the industry to Delhi .
Florian Uhlig has held masterclasses in Germany , Great Britain , Canada , Hong Kong , South Korea , China and Switzerland .
Joseph Emmanuel Carter ( 18 December 1929 -- 21 January 2015 ) was a Trinidad and Tobago civil servant and politician .
Maruša Ferk ( born 27 September 1988 in Blejska Dobrava , SR Slovenia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Slovenian alpine skier .
Osmond Ezinwa ( born 22 November 1971 ) is a former sprinter from Nigeria .
Hamza Tariq ( born July 21 , 1990 in Karachi , Sindh , Pakistan ) is a Pakistan - born Canadian cricketer who plays for the Canada national cricket team and who has also played for the Canada Under-19s team .
Bankie Banx ( born Clement Ashley Banks , 1953 , Anguilla ) is a reggae singer , known as the `` Anguillan Bob Dylan '' .
Atsiri Thammachot , winner of the Southeast Asian Writers Award in 1981 for the short story Khun - Thong you will return at dawn , was born on 10 July 1947 in the Hua Hin district of Prachuap Khiri Khan to a family that fished the waters of the Gulf of Thailand for a living .
Alison Maclean was born in Ottawa , Canada , in 1958 , to New Zealand - born parents , and emigrated to New Zealand with her parents as a teenager , later graduating from the Elam School of Fine Arts , Auckland , in film and sculpture .
Christian Lell represented Germany on the Under-20 team at the 2003 FIFA World Youth Championship .
Bappu helped establish several astronomical institutions in India----including the Vainu Bappu Observatory named after him -- and also contributed to the establishment of the modern Indian Institute of Astrophysics .
Goniamalimage John Anthony Flavian Aponso ( born 28 October 1952 in Colombo , Sri Lanka ) was a Sri Lankan and Dutch cricketer , who played five One - day Internationals for The Netherlands during the 1996 World Cup .
Lee Ho - sung ( Hangul : 이호성 , born September 12 , 1974 ) is a football player from South Korea .
Antoine de Créqui Canaples was born in the Kingdom of France on July 17 , 1531 , the son of Jean de Créqui , seigneur of Canaples , and his wife Marie d'Acigné .
Edward Bartley ( 1839 -- 28 May 1919 ) was an architect in New Zealand .
Oliver Shanti ( born Ulrich Schulz 16 November 1948 in Hamburg , Germany ) , also known as Oliver Serano - Alve , is a New Age musician , best known for his work with the bands `` Inkarnation '' and `` Oliver Shanti & Friends '' .
Sabine Heinrich ( born 27 December 1976 in Unna , North Rhine - Westphalia , West Germany ) is a German radio and television presenter .
George Mansour ( born in Kirkuk , Iraq on December 25 , 1952 ) is an Iraqi journalist , broadcaster and politician , a Minister of Region for Civil Society Affairs and founder and first General Manager for Ishtar Broadcasting Corporation ( Ishtar TV ) till June 2006 .
Georg Matthäus Vischer ( 22 April 1628 -- 13 December 1696 ) was an Austrian topographer , cartographer , engraver and parish priest in Leonstein ( Upper Austria ) and Vienna .
Andrew Kishino ( born March 20 , 1973 in Toronto , Ontario , Canada ) is a Japanese - Canadian rapper , and voice actor in video games , animation and voice - over narration .
Maneco Galeano ( Puerto Pinasco , May 13 , 1945 - Paraguay ) , was a Paraguayan musician , songwriter and journalist .
On the other hand , although written in Turkish , Vartan Pasha 's `` Akabi 's Story '' , because of its fully Armenian context , can also be considered as the first Armenian novel that saw print ( Khachatur Abovian 's Wounds of Armenia having been published in 1858 ) .
Myriam Spiteri Debono or Miriam Spiteri Debono ( born 1952 ) is a former Speaker of the House of Representatives of Malta and first woman in the position .
Emre Taner ( born 1942 ) is a Turkish civil servant born in Lice , Diyarbakır Province and was until May 2010 the undersecretary ( i.e. chief ) of the governmental intelligence agency of Turkey , the National Intelligence Organization ( Turkish : Milli İstihbarat Teşkilatı , MİT ) .
Mikołaj Budzanowski is a Polish manager and civil servant , from 2009 until 2011 , Undersecretary of State in the Ministry of the Treasury , and from 2011 to 2013 the Minister of the Treasury of the Republic of Poland .
Maurice Machenbaum of Switzerland ( born August 7 , 1970 ) was the appointed treasurer of the World Scout Committee , the main executive body of the World Organization of the Scout Movement , from 2007 to 2013 .
Reynaldo Valera Guardiano ( better known as Rey Valera ) ( born May 4 , 1954 in Meycauayan , Bulacan , Philippines ) is a well - known singer , songwriter , music director , film scorer and television host from the Philippines .
Marilita Lambropoulou ( Greek : Μαριλίτα Λαμπροπούλου , Marilíta Lampropoúlou ) , born July 15 , 1974 in Athens , Greece is a Greek actress .
Max Jean ( 27 July 1943 , Marseille ) is a French former racing driver who won the Formule France championship in 1968 .
Michael von Graffenried ( born 1957 ) is a Swiss photographer living and working between Paris , Brooklyn and Switzerland .
Shawn Boney is a Trinidadian football ( soccer ) midfielder who was a member of the Trinidad and Tobago U-20 national team at the 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship .
Jan Niklas was born on 15 October 1947 in Pottenstein , near Nuremberg , Germany .
Jorge Gabriel Vázquez ( born 28 November 1969 ) is an Argentine former footballer and manager who played for clubs in Argentina , Chile , Mexico , Bolivia , Ecuador and United States .
Pattu Rajagopalan is a former vocal artist of Carnatic music in All India Radio ( AIR ) , Hyderabad and the Annamacharya Project of Tirumala - Tirupati Devasthanams ( TTD ) in Tirupati , Andhra Pradesh , India .
John Dowgray ( 6 June 1873 - -28 January 1950 ) was a New Zealand coalminer , trade unionist and bank director .
Natalia Podolskaya ( Natalla Padolskaja , Belarusian : Натальля Падольская , Russian : Наталья Подольская , born May 20 , 1982 ) is a Belarusian singer who performed for Russia at the Eurovision Song Contest on May 21 , 2005 and was ranked No . 15 .
Samuel Revans ( ca . 1807 -- 14 July 1888 ) was a notable New Zealand newspaper owner , entrepreneur and politician .
Um Sereyroth ( Khmer : អ៊ុំ សេរីរត្ន័ born 25 September 1997 ) is a Cambodian footballer who plays for the National Defense Ministry in the Cambodian League and also Cambodia national football team .
Maia Azarashvili ( Georgian : მაია აზარაშვილი ; born 6 April 1964 in Tblisi ) is a retired Georgian sprinter who specialized in the 200 metres , representing the USSR and Georgia ( since 1992 ) .
Gaston Lachaise was taught the refinement of European sculpture while living in France .
James Gobbo was born in Melbourne , Victoria , in 1931 , to Italian parents who returned to Italy briefly before returning to live permanently in Australia in 1938 .
Todor Petrov , ( born March 19 , 1960 in Gevgelija , Republic of Macedonia ) is a Macedonian nationalist political activist .
Senahid Halilović ( born 22 March 1958 in Tuholj , Bosnia and Herzegovina ) is a Bosnian linguist .
Kelly Shelford ( born 4 May 1966 ) is a New Zealand rugby league player who represented his country , including in Test matches that counted towards the 1992 World Cup .
Bahia Hariri was born in Sidon , Lebanon In 1952.Hariri was born to a modest Sunni Muslim family , along with her two siblings Shafic and Rafik Hariri .
Franziska Huhn ( born 1977 in Berlin , Germany ) is a German harpist .
Wahid Saberi ( Persian : وحید صابري‎ ) is a popular singer from Afghanistan .
Nauman Karim is a boxer from Pakistan .
Kjetil - Vidar Haraldstad ( stage name Frost ) , was born on June 28 , 1973 in Øyer , Oppland , Norway , and is the drummer in the black metal bands Satyricon and 1349 .
Michael Ponikvar ( born December 26 ) is a former world - class track and field athlete from Canada , who is known for competing in the high jump .
Mohammad Sameer Dad ( born 25 November 1978 in Bhopal , Madhya Pradesh ) is a field hockey forward from India , who made his international senior debut for the Men 's National Team in January 1998 during the test series against Germany .
Sultan Abdulkadir Isse Ahmed Salah ( Somali : Suldaan Cabdulqaadir Ciise Axmad Saalax , Arabic : سلطان عبد القادر عيسى أحمد صلاح قا بيله او غار سليمان‎ ) is the current Sultan of the Ugar Saleban sub - clan of the Majeerteen itself a sub - clan of Darood in Somalia .
Yishan Yining ( 一山 一寧 , in Japanese : Issan Ichinei ) ( 1247 - 28 November 1317 ) was a Chinese Buddhist monk who traveled to Japan .
Abdullah Ibn Humaid , also known as Abdullah bin Muhammad bin Humaid was the Chief Justice of Saudi Arabia and Imam of the Grand Mosque of Mecca .
Olinta Ariosa Morales ( 1921 - -1999 ) was a librarian from Cuba .
Merneith ( also written Meritneith and Meryt - Neith ) was a consort and a regent of Ancient Egypt during the first dynasty .
Luke Covell ( born 9 November 1981 in Goondiwindi , Queensland ) is a New Zealand former professional rugby league footballer for the Cronulla - Sutherland Sharks and Wests Tigers of the National Rugby League .
Patrice Kwedi ( born 30 September 1983 , in Yaoundé ) is a football player from Cameroon .
At the age of five , Emelie Ölander started to play football in the youth team of Malmö FF . Some years later she became a national youth player for Sweden .
Sombat Metanee ( Thai : สมบัติ เมทะนี , born June 26 , 1937 in Ubon Ratchathani Province , Thailand ) is a Thai actor and film director .
Tlgadintsi or Tlkatintsi ( Armenian : Թլկատինցի ) , Hovhannes Harutiunian ( Armenian : Հովհաննես Հարությունյան , 1860 , Tlkatin village , Kharpert , Western Armenia -1915 ) was an Armenian writer and teacher noted for his leading role in rural literature .
John Henry Davis Burnand ( 2 December 1850 -- 25 March 1919 ) , known as Harry Burnand , was a New Zealand engineer and sawmiller .
Shane Cross ( 22 August 1986 -- 7 March 2007 ) was an Australian street skateboarder from the Gold Coast , Queensland , Australia .
Samuel Feijóo ( November 27 , 1914 in San Juan de los Yeras , Las Villas , Cuba - July 14 , 1992 in Villa Clara , Cuba ) was a Cuban writer and artist specializing in painting and illustration .
James Krüss was the best known and most prolific children 's author in what was for nearly all his writing life the Federal Republic of Germany .
Uraz Turakulov ( born January 28 , 1963 , Tajikistan ) is Tajikistani football coach .
Tiina Ala - aho is a paralympic athlete from Finland competing mainly in category F33 shot put and javelin events .
Edward Kamau Brathwaite ( born 11 May 1930 , Bridgetown , Barbados ) is widely considered one of the major voices in the Caribbean literary canon .
Vittorio Zoboli ( born June 24 , 1968 in Bologna , Italy ) is an Italian racing driver .
Slomó Köves ( born Máté Köves Budapest , 1979 ) is the current Executive Rabbi of EMIH Unified Hungarian Jewish Congregation ( in Hungarian : EMIH Egységes Magyarországi Izraelita Hitközség ) an affiliate of Chabad Lubavitch in Hungary .
Ivan Kerzelli or Cherzelli ( also known as I. I. Kerzelli , or Iosif Kertsel , Russian : Иван Керцелли , И. И. Керцелли , or Иосиф Керцель ) was an opera composer and conductor in Imperial Russia of 18th century .
Jory Nash is based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada and tours regularly .
William Wymond Walkem ( June 25 , 1850 -- September 23 , 1919 ) was a physician , author and political figure in British Columbia , Canada .
Vitaly Pushnitsky ( Russian : Вита́лий Ю́рьевич Пушни́цкий ; born 7 July 1967 , Leningrad , USSR ) is a Russian artist based in Saint - Petersburg , Russia .
La Hire joined Charles VII in 1418 , when the English army invaded France .
Peter Kaiser ( October 1 , 1793 - February 23 , 1864 ) was a historian and statesman from Liechtenstein .
Sergey Chemezov graduated with honors from Irkutsk Institute of National Economy ( presently Baikal State University of Economics and Law ) in 1975 and then completed his postgraduate education at the Military Academy of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Russia .
Mathieu Bois ( born July 6 , 1988 ) is a competition swimmer from Canada , who mostly competes in the breaststroke events .
Julien Maitron ( Dompierre - sur - Nièvre , 20 February 1881 -- Tourriers , 29 October 1972 ) was a French professional road bicycle racer , who competed in the 1904 to 1912 Tours de France .
Ferdinand Perier , S.J. , D.D. ( 22 September 1875 , Antwerp , Belgium -- 10 November 1968 , Calcutta , India ) , was a Jesuit priest , a missionary in British India , and the third Archbishop of Calcutta ( now Kolkata ) .
Estanislao Severo Zeballos born in Rosario , Santa Fe , Argentina on 27 July 1854 , the eldest son of Lieutenant Colonel Estanislao Zeballos and Felisa Juárez .
Arun Vaidyanathan ( born in Sirkazhi , Tamil Nadu , India ) is an Indian - American film director , producer and screenwriter of feature films , short films and television dramas .
Fred Roger Pontare ( born Roger Johansson ; 17 October 1951 , Arjeplog Municipality , Sweden ) is a Swedish musician .
Hoàng Thanh Tùng ( born 19 November 1996 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Winger for V - League ( Vietnam ) club Hoàng Anh Gia Lai F.C.
In addition Allan Murdmaa has designed numerous monuments across Estonia - monuments of Amandus Adamson , Eduard Vilde , Heino Eller and Oskar Luts , the obelisk of the Tehumardi battle , the memorial of the victims of Stalinist Terror in Rakvere and the memorial of Maarjamäe .
Jacomina de Witte ( 1582 , The Hague -- 1661 , Zierikzee ? ) was the central figure in a famous corruption case in the Netherlands in 1649 .
Kat McSnatch is a Sydney , Australia - born songwriter , singer and comedian .
Susann Götz ( born December 14 , 1982 in Bad Muskau , East Germany ) is a German ice hockey defender .
Peter McAra , Jr. ( 1862 -- 1949 ) was a businessman and political figure in Saskatchewan , Canada .
Born on the 6 October 1968 in Provins , France , Dominique Ané is the only child of a teacher and a homemaker .
Maja Tatić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Маја Татић ) ( born 30 October 1970 in Belgrade , Serbia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian singer .
Anita Kalinde is the MP for Thyolo North in Malawi .
Pedro Moreira Salles ( born October 20 , 1959 ) is the current Chairman of Itaú Unibanco the largest private banking institution in Brazil and is a Forbes billionaires listed person with a net worth of US$ 2.6 billion .
Israel Meir Freimann ( Yiddish : ישראל מאיר פריַימאן‎ , also Israel Meier Freimann ; b. 27 September 1830 in Cracow , then the Free City , d. 21 August 1884 in Ostrowo , then Posen Province , Germany ) was a Polish - born German rabbi , philosopher , and orientalist .
Xabi Aburruzaga ( born 1978 in Portugalete , Euskadi , Spain ) is a Basque musician and composer , who is a master of the Trikitixa , the diatonic accordion .
Nathalie Simard ( born 7 July 1969 ) is a pop singer from Quebec , Canada , and the sister of performer René Simard .
Rodolfo Rensoli is the founder of Grupo Uno who organized the first rap music festival in Cuba in 1995 .
Chubby Hubby or Aun Koh ( born 1972 ) is a blogger from Singapore .
Nor Hakim Hassan ( born 2 October 1991 in Terengganu ) is a Malaysian footballer currently playing for T - Team on loan from Terengganu in Malaysia Super League .
Józef Arkusz was born on March 18 , 1921 , in Peratyn , Poland ( modern day Ukraine , near Ternopil ) .
When tsar Peter I of Russia was a young boy , Avtonom Golovin served him as a room stolnik .
Nguyễn Hữu An was born in the Truong Yen Commune of the Hoa Lư District , Ninh Binh , Vietnam .
Armando Castelar ( born November 5 , 1955 , in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ) is a Brazilian economist who was Head of the Economics Department of the Brazilian Development Bank ( BNDES ) for eight years , leading the Bank´s research work and advising the Executive Board on macroeconomic issues .
Clifford Blais ( born ca . 1956 ) is a family physician in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Katarina Kruhonja ( born 1949 ) is a peace activist from Osijek , eastern Croatia .
Alberto Weretilneck ( born October 11 , 1962 ) is the current governor of Río Negro Province , Argentina .
Ebba Thomsen ( 3 May 1887 - -18 December 1973 ) was a Danish actress during the golden era of silent films in Denmark .
Te Pokiha Taranui ( ? --1901 ) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and soldier .
Aleksey Yemelin ( Russian : Алексей Йемепин ; born October 16 , 1968 in Moscow ) is a retired high jumper who represented the USSR and later Russia .
Ailamari Vehviläinen ( born 20 April 1977 in Jyväskylä , Finland ) is an award - winning Finnish singer .
Džemal Bijedić ( Bosnian pronunciation : ( bijěːdit͡ɕ ) ; 12 April 1917 -- 18 January 1977 ) was a Bosniak Communist politician from Bosnia and Herzegovina , and the prime minister of Yugoslavia from 1971 until his death .
Afsaneh Pakroo ( Persian : افسانه پاکرو‎‎ , born May 1 , 1983 , Tehran , Iran ) is an Iranian actress .
Alireza Danesh Sokhanvar ( 1921 - -2000 ) , commonly known as Danesh Sokhanvar , was a cleric from Ayask , Khorasan , in Iran .
Anna Vanessa Hegelmaier ( born June 18 , 1987 ) is a German fashion model , who placed ninth in the third cycle of the reality television show Germany 's Next Top Model after withdrawing due to a brain concussion .
Ferdinand Faczinek ( 31 December 1911 - -1991 ) was a footballer from Slovakia , who played internationally for Czechoslovakia ( 8 caps ) .
Jona Weinhofen is an Australian guitarist and musician from Adelaide , South Australia .
Sir James Albert Manning Aikins , K.C. , ( December 10 , 1851 -- March 1 , 1929 ) was a politician in Manitoba , Canada .
István Szijjártó ( Slovene : Števan Sijarto ) ( c. 1765 -- 10 September 1833 ) was a Slovene evangelic teacher and poet in Hungary .
Nadine Stroitz ( born 1995 in Annenheim , Austria ) is an Austrian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Austria .
Amanda Stott ( born May 6 , 1982 ) is a Canadian pop singer from Brandon , Manitoba , Canada .
Petru Godiac ( born October 1 , 1967 , Talmaza ) is an activist from Moldova .
Zohreh Jooya ( Persian : زهره جویا‎‎ ) is a singer born in Mashhad , Iran .
Hermanus Carel du Preez ( born 30 April 1993 in Hartswater , South Africa ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with the S.A. Sevens team .
André Akkari ( born December 28 , 1974 in São Paulo , Brazil ) is a Brazilian professional poker player .
Yaşar Erkan ( 30 April 1911 in Erzincan -- 18 May 1986 ) was a Turkish sports wrestler , who became first Olympic gold medalist for Turkey in the Featherweight class of Men 's Greco - Roman Wrestling .
Carla Sandoval ( born 1982 , Valdivia , Chile ) is a Chilean pianist of classical repertoire .
Arístides Bastidas ( 12 March 1924 - 23 September 1992 ) was a Venezuelan journalist , educator and scientist and was one of the pioneers of what is termed as `` science journalism '' in Venezuela .
Moshe Lewin was born in 1921 in Wilno , Poland ( now Vilnius , Lithuania ) , the son of ethnic Jewish parents who died in the Holocaust .
Kurt Hessenberg was born on August 17 , 1908 in Frankfurt am Main , Germany , as the fourth and last child of the lawyer Eduard Hessenberg and his wife Emma , née Kugler .
Olga Poblete de Espinosa was a long - time women 's rights activist and feminist in Chile .
Richard Pyros is a British actor often residing in Australia , who first achieved fame in the hit Australian Channel Seven TV show , Big Bite which was nominated for two AFI Awards in 2003 .
Yann Siccardi ( born March 2 , 1986 in La Colle , Monaco ) is a Monégasque Olympic judoka who competes in the Men 's 60 kg category .
Ali Aref Bourhan ( Arabic : علي عارف برهان‎ ) ( b. 1934 in Tadjoura , Djibouti ) was a Djiboutian politician .
Ágnes Szokolszky ( 6 July 1956 , Budapest , Hungary ) is a Hungarian educator and psychologist , a habilitated associate professor and director of the Institute of Psychology , Szeged .
Harold Samuel , Baron Samuel of Wych Cross ( 23 April 1912 -- 28 August 1987 ) was the founder of Land Securities , one of the United Kingdom 's largest property companies .
Frederick William Strange ( September 9 , 1844 -- June 5 , 1897 ) was an English - born physician , surgeon and political figure in Ontario , Canada .
V. S. Pargaonkar ( Devanagari : वि. शं. पारगावकर ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
In 1976 Barney Simon co - founded Johannesburg 's Market Theatre , South Africa 's first multiracial cultural center and a birthplace of the country 's indigenous theater movement .
Sebastian Kamwanga ( 29 April 1929 -- 22 January 1999 ) was a Hompa ( king ) of the Gciriku , one of five kingdoms of the Kavango people in northern Namibia , from 1985 to 1999 .
Simon Berg , born 1983 in Boden , Sweden , is a Swedish artist and photographer .
He was born in Repentigny , Lower Canada , the son of Joseph Marion and Louise Brousseau , and was educated there , at the Collège de l'Assomption and the Université Laval .
Chea Vichea ( Khmer : ជា វិជ្ជា ) was the leader of the Free Trade Union of Workers of the Kingdom of Cambodia ( FTUWKC ) until his assassination on Chinese New Year , 22 January 2004 .
Rémi Ochlik was born in 1983 in Thionville and lived in the area around Florange , Moselle in the Lorraine region of northeastern France .
Aelia Zenonis ( died 476/477 ) was the Empress consort of Basiliscus of the Byzantine Empire , brother of Verina .
Clarence Joseph Veniot ( February 9 , 1886 -- March 7 , 1977 ) was a physician , surgeon and political figure in New Brunswick , Canada .
Dubbed `` Princess Fatu Gayflor , the golden voice of Liberia '' , she has performed at major music venues and festivals throughout the world and has made a number of recordings .
Azartash Azarnoush ( Persian : آذرتاش آذرنوش‎ , born 1937 ) is a linguist and scholar of Iran .
Dong Guishan ( Chinese : 董贵山 ; born July 1946 ) is a retired lieutenant general in the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of the People 's Republic of China , who served as commander of the PLA Tibet Military District .
When Florvil Hyppolite became president in 1889 , Victoire Jean - Baptiste was moved to the presidential palace in Port - au - Prince , and after the death of Chery in 1893 , she functioned openly as the first lady of Haiti in official ceremonies .
Ignacio Prieto Urrejola ( born September 23 , 1943 in Santiago , Chile ) is a former Chilean footballer currently played for 5 clubs and in the Chile national football team in the FIFA World Cup England 1966 .
Alejandro Núñez ( born 25 February 1984 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish racing driver who is currently competing in the Porsche Supercup , Spanish Formula 3 and , most recently , has signed with the Trident Racing team to compete in the International Formula Master series ..
Galilea Montijo ( born Martha Galilea Montijo Torres on June 5 , 1973 , Guadalajara , Jalisco , Mexico ) is a Mexican actress , comedian , model and TV presenter .
Stanley Jayasinghe ( born January 19 , 1931 in Badulla ) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played for Ceylon prior to the country being renamed Sri Lanka , and prior to them receiving either Test of ODI status .
Filip Hološko ( born 17 January 1984 ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for A - League club Sydney FC and Slovakia national football team .
Hassan Benabicha ( born 1964 ) is a Moroccan football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Morocco U-23 team .
Iraida Yusupova ( born February 20 , 1962 ) is a Turkmenistani composer of half Russian half Tatar ethnicity who lives in Moscow , Russia .
Jacob Kremberg ( sometimes Jakob Kremberg ) was a sculptor , working Scania , present - day Sweden , during the early 17th century .
Since 1955 , the Gerrit Schulte Trophy has been awarded by the national federation to the best professional rider in the Netherlands .
Murray Dodd ( May 23 , 1843 -- August 25 , 1905 ) was a lawyer , judge and political figure in Nova Scotia , Canada .
Mirosław Pych ( born 15 March 1972 in Słubice ) is a Paralympic athlete from Poland competing mainly in category P12 pentathlon events .
Linh Dinh ( Vietnamese Đinh Linh , born 1963 , Saigon , Vietnam ) is a Vietnamese - American poet , fiction writer , translator , and photographer .
Brahim Zehhar ( born 25 March 1935 in Casablanca , Morocco ) , commonly known as Tatum , is a retired Moroccan footballer .
Bāzrangī ( also known as Bazrangids or Badhrangids ) is the attested family name of a dynasty of petty rulers in south western Iran near the end of Arsacid Empire as well as the name of geographical districts .
General Sounthone Pathammavong ( 1911 - 1989 ) was the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Laos from 31 December 1959 to 7 January 1960 .
Jukka Ammondt is a professor of literature in the University of Jyväskylä , Finland with a Ph . D in philosophy .
Yana Milev studied art from 1983 to 1985 at the HGB Leipzig , Germany , 1987 to 1995 stage - design at the HfBK Dresden , Germany .
Pilar Pellicer ( born Pilar Pellicer López de Llergo on February 2 , 1938 in Mexico City , México ) is a Mexican film actress .
Caroline Ramersdorfer is an Austrian - born sculptor with studios in upstate New York and Feldkirch in Vorarlberg , Austria .
Bipan Chandra ( 27 May 1928 -- 30 August 2014 ) was an Indian historian , specialising in economic and political history of modern India .
Michael Eichberger ( born 23 June 1953 ) is a German law scientist and a judge at the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany .
Marco Aurélio Spall Maia , better known as Marco Maia ( born 27 December 1965 ) , is a Brazilian politician , and the President of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil from 2010 to 2013 .
Prince William , Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh KG PC FRS ( William Henry ; 25 November 1743 -- 25 August 1805 ) , was a grandson of King George II and a younger brother of King George III of the United Kingdom .
Fernando Luiz Mattos da Matta , better known as DJ Marlboro , is a Brazilian DJ . DJ Marlboro is one of the originators of the Brazilian `` funk '' music , which is how a crossover between freestyle and rap music genres is known in Brazil .
Samir al - Rifai ( Arabic : سمير الرفاعي‎ , 30 January 1901 -- 12 October 1965 ) was a six - time Prime Minister of Jordan .
Sondre Meisfjord ( born 18 March 1975 in Oslo , Norway ) is a Norwegian folk and jazz musician ( double bass and cello ) , and composer , raised in Frei , Nordmøre , known from bands like Come Shine , Flukt , Gjermund Larsen Trio .
Elli Kokkinou ( Greek pronunciation : ( ˈeli koˈki'nou ) ; Greek : Έλλη Κοκκίνου ) ( Born July 24 , 1970 ) is a Greek singer who was born in Athens , Greece .
Michel Stoffel ( 1903 - -1963 ) was a Luxembourg artist and author .
Bogdan Konopka ( born July 27 , 1953 in Dynów , Poland ) - Polish photographer and art critic , who began taking photographs in the mid-1970s .
Jan , Johan or Johannes van Walbeeck ( 1602 , Amsterdam -- after 1649 ) was a Dutch navigator and cartographer during a 1620s circumnavigation of the earth , an admiral of the Dutch West India Company , and the first governor of the Netherlands Antilles .
However , the bandits did not dare to cross the border into Yuzhang Commandery in Yang Province ( covering most of southeastern China ) to pillage the area when they heard that Pan Zhang was stationed there .
Ernst Schmidt ( 12 October 1924 -- 16 December 2009 ) was a German communist activist in West Germany during the Cold War .
Born in Shanghai in 1889 , Zheng Zhengqiu was a young intellectual involved in China 's theater scene when he and his friend and colleague , Zhang Shichuan , made the first Chinese film , the short , The Difficult Couple in 1913 .
Alessandro Rossi ( born 10 August 1967 ) was one of the two Captains Regent of San Marino for the six - month term from April 1 to October 1 , 2007 , together with Alessandro Mancini .
Antonio Bautista graduated from The University of the Philippines Los Baños in 1957 with a degree in Agriculture .
Gianmarco Cavagnino ( born in Asti , Italy , 25 October 1964 ) is an Italian architect .
Olawale Gladstone Emmanuel Rotimi , best known as Ola Rotimi ( 13 April 1938 -- 18 August 2000 ) , was one of Nigeria 's leading playwrights and theatre directors .
D.Kay aka David Kulenkampff ( born 1979 , Vienna , Austria ) is a drum and bass producer .
Emmy Gee , born in Nigeria , is the last born of four siblings .
Set Phyo Wai ( Burmese : ဆက်ဖြိုးဝေ ; born 1 December 1994 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a midfielder for the Myanmar U-23 football team and Yangon United FC
Major Wacław Kopisto a.k.a . Wacław Jaworski , nom de guerre Kra ( 8 February 1911 -- 23 February 1993 ) was an officer of the Polish Army in interwar Poland , infantry captain , and an underground soldier of the elite Polish Cichociemni unit ( the Silent Unseen ) during the occupation of Poland in World War II .
Mohammad Ibn Khafif known as al - Shaykh al - Kabir or Shaykh al - Shirazi was a mystic and sufi from Iran .
Welliton has not been called up by Brazil and has expressed interest in representing Russia , in November 2011 Spartak Moscow announced they were in the process of helping Welliton acquire a Russian passport .
Rani Manicka is an International Best selling novelist , born and educated in Malaysia ;
Kola Ige ( born December 28 , 1985 in Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer .
Lieutenant General Trần Thanh Phong ( 19 January 1926 - 1 December 1972 ) was an officer of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam .
He is the youngest millionaire , according to the Forbes Kazakhstan magazine , Marat Abiyev 's net worth is estimated at US$ 11 million as of November 2013 .
Waldir Lucas Pereira ( born May 2 , 1982 ) is a Brazil football player who currently plays for América - SP . Waldir Lucas previously played for AC Ajaccio in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 .
Vera Călin ( born Vera Clejan ; 17 February 1921 , Bucharest , Romania - December 2013 , Los Angeles ) was a Romanian - born American literary critic , literary historian , essayist and translator .
Cameron Potts ( born 10 November 1971 in Subiaco , Western Australia ) , is a musician based in Melbourne .
Luiz Carlos Nascimento Júnior or simply Luizão ( born January 3 , 1987 in Vargem Alta , Espírito Santo , Brazil ) , is an association footballer .
Peter Croes ( born March 16 , 1984 ) is a triathlete from Belgium , specialized in the Olympic distance .
Heinrich Brewer ( September 6 , 1640 in Puffendorf , Germany -- ca . 1713 in Puffendorf ) was a German Roman Catholic priest and historian .
Pandiraj was born June 7 , 1976 and brought up in Virachilai Township , Pudukkottai , Tamil Nadu , India .
Jean Dufy was born in Le Havre , France on March 12 , 1888 into a large family .
Mary Onyali - Omagbemi currently serves as the Special Adviser ( Technical ) to the Director General of the National Sports Commission in Nigeria .
Karl Benz was born Karl Friedrich Michael Vaillant , on November 25 , 1844 in Mühlburg , now a borough of Karlsruhe , Baden - Württemberg , which is part of modern Germany , to Josephine Vaillant and a locomotive driver , Johann George Benz , whom she married a few months later .
Atiur Rahman ( born 3 August 1951 ) is a Bangladeshi economist , writer and banker , currently serving as the Governor of Bangladesh Bank , the central bank of the country .
Víctor Olea Alegría ( born 17 June 1950 ) was a member ( militante ) of Chile 's Partido Socialista .
Rota Waitoa ( ? -- 22 July 1866 ) was a notable New Zealand Anglican clergyman , of Māori descent , he identified with the Ngati Raukawa iwi .
Yusuf Halil ( September 10 , 1991 ) , is a professional ice hockey player , who currently plays forward for the Turkish Ice Hockey Super League 's Izmir B.B. SK and since 2010 in the Turkey national men 's ice hockey team .
Sævar Birgisson ( born February 15 , 1988 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) is a cross - country skier from Iceland .
Nina Agatha Rosamond Barrer ( 9 August 1879 - -17 September 1965 ) was a New Zealand teacher and community leader .
Vidar Busk ( born 19 May 1970 in Langesund , Norway ) is a Norwegian guitarist , vocalist , composer and record producer within genres blues and soul .
María Eugenia Cordovez Pontón ( ? -- September 30 , 2012 ) served as the former First Lady of Ecuador from 1984 to 1988 .
One of Australia 's most influential DJs and producers , Peewee Ferris has been instrumental in the Australian and international dance movement for well over fifteen years .
Peer M. Schatz ( born August 3 , 1965 ) is the Chief Executive Officer of Qiagen N.V. Schatz grew up in the United States and Switzerland .
Siv Cedering was born 30 kilometers south of the arctic circle in rural Överkalix , Norrbotten County , Sweden , the second of four children .
Zulfiqar Ali ( born 1947 , Mombasa , Kenya ) was a right - handed cricket bowler who played three ODIs for East Africa .
Turki bin Sultan ( 6 October 1959 -- 25 December 2012 ) was deputy minister of culture and information of Saudi Arabia and a member of House of Saud .
Irena Salina ( born 8 July 1978 ) was born in France and acted in French theatre before moving to New York City to study at the Actors Studio .
Mohammed Ben Aarafa , or Ben Arafa ( 1889 -- 17 July 1976 ) was a distant relative of Sultan Mohammed V of Morocco ( Arabic : محمد بن عرفة بن محمد‎ ) ; he was put in Mohammed V 's place by the French after they exiled Mohammed V to Madagascar .
Enzo G. Castellari was born June 29 , 1938 in Rome Italy .
Louisa Bolus attended school in Port Elizabeth ( South Africa ) and completed her BA degree in Cape Town in 1902 .
Jean - Paul Mendy ( born December 14 , 1973 in Mantes - la - Jolie , Yvelines ) is a professional boxer from France , who won the bronze medal in the middleweight division ( -- 75 kg ) at the 1997 World Amateur Boxing Championships in Budapest , Hungary .
Mohamed Osman Jawari ( Somali : Maxamed Cismaan Jawaari , Arabic : محمد عثمان جواري‎ ) ( born December 7 , 1945 in Afgooye , Somalia ) is a Somali attorney and politician .
Omar Sebastián Monesterolo ( born 30 March 1983 in San Francisco , Argentina ) is an Argentine striker who plays for CA San Jorge .
Vasif Talibov ( also Talybov ; Azerbaijani : Talıbov Vasif Yusif oğlu , born 14 January 1960 , Aralig , Nakhchivan ASSR , Azerbaijan SSR ) is the current chairman of the Supreme Assembly of Nakhchivan , and regarded as the de facto authoritarian ruler of the Nakhichivan Autonomous Republic , an autonomous exclave of Azerbaijan .
Alex C. Delos Santos born on September 24 , 1967 in San Jose , Antique is a Karay - a writer and theater artist based in San Jose , Antique , the Philippines .
Leutnant Albert Dossenbach was buried in Freiburg i m Breisgau , Germany .
Cornelia Sirch ( born 23 October 1966 in Erfurt , East Germany ) is a former backstroke swimmer .
Anne Louhelainen ( née Vainio ; born 8 January 1965 in Lahti ) is a member of the parliament of Finland , elected 17 April 2011 .
Arnold Arre ( born September 2 , 1971 in Metro Manila , Philippines ) is a Filipino comic book writer , artist and self - taught animator best known for his graphic novels The Mythology Class ( 1999 ) and Ang Mundo ni Andong Agimat ( 2006 ) .
Paul Achkar ( born on February 3 , 1893 in Damascus , Syria - died on 23 April 1982 ) was the first Archbishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Archeparchy of Latakia in Lebanon .
Manikya Lal Verma ( 1888 -- 14 January 1969 ) was a member of Constituent Assembly of India in 1949 .
Barney Barnato ( 21 February 1851 -- 14 June 1897 ) , born Barnet Isaacs , was a British Randlord , one of the entrepreneurs who gained control of diamond mining , and later gold mining , in South Africa from the 1870s .
Wade Cunningham ( born 19 August 1984 ) is a racing driver from Auckland , New Zealand who competed in the Firestone Indy Lights Series .
Created by Dick Clark as a spin - off of American Bandstand , Where the Action Is premiered on June 27 , 1965 .
Life in Cold Blood is a BBC nature documentary series written and presented by David Attenborough , first broadcast in the United Kingdom from 4 February 2008 on BBC One .
The Martyrdom of Saint Symphorian is an 1834 painting by Jean - Auguste - Dominique Ingres .
The Madonna and Child with St. Anne ( Dei Palafrenieri ) is one of the mature religious works of the Italian Baroque master Caravaggio , painted in 1605 - 1606 , for the altar of Archconfraternity of the Papal Grooms ( Italian : Arciconfraternita di Sant'Anna de Parafrenieri ) in the Basilica of Saint Peter .
The Legend of Saint Ursula ( Italian : Storie di sant'Orsola ) is a series of large wall - paintings on canvas by the Italian Renaissance artist Vittore Carpaccio , originally created for the Scuola di Sant'Orsola ( Ursula ) in Venice .
City of Workers ( German : Arbeiterstadt ) , also translated as Working - Class City , is an oil painting on canvas completed by the Berlin Secessionist painter Hans Baluschek in 1920 .
Triptych of the Sedano family is an oil - on - panel triptych altarpiece by the Early Nethlandish painter Gerard David , usually dated between 1490 and 1498 , probably c. 1495 .
American Legion Soldier is a public artwork by German - born American artist Adolph Wolter , located at the American Legion building on K Street , N.W. in Washington , D.C. , United States .
The Queen Alexandra Memorial on Marlborough Road , London , which commemorates Queen Alexandra of Denmark , was executed by the sculptor Sir Alfred Gilbert between 1926 and 1932 .
A Murder Is Announced is a work of detective fiction by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by the Collins Crime Club in June 1950 and in the US by Dodd , Mead and Company in the same month .
The Staircase of the London Residence of the Painter is a painting made in 1828 by the Dutch painter Pieter Christoffel Wonder .
The Valpinçon Bather ( Fr : La Grande Baigneuse ) is an 1808 painting by the French Neoclassical artist Jean Auguste Dominique Ingres ( 1780 - 1867 ) , held in the Louvre since 1879 .
Childrens Hospital ( originally titled Childrens ' Hospital as webisodes ) is a satirical American comedy television series and web series that parodies the medical drama genre , created by and starring actor / comedian Rob Corddry .
Fountain of Time , or simply Time , is a sculpture by Lorado Taft , measuring 126 feet 10 inches ( 38.66 m ) in length , situated at the western edge of the Midway Plaisance within Washington Park in Chicago , Illinois , in the United States .
The Hireling Shepherd ( 1851 ) is a painting by the Pre - Raphaelite artist William Holman Hunt .
Jeune Fille Endormie is a 1935 work by Spanish painter Pablo Picasso .
Il était une fois ... les Amériques ( English : Once Upon a Time ... The Americas ) was a French animated TV series from 1991 directed by Albert Barillé .
Mars and Venus with Cupid and a Dog is a 163-by-125-centimetre ( 64 in × 49 in ) oil painting by Paolo Veronese .
Piet Pienter en Bert Bibber was a Belgian comic series , published between 1950 and 1995 , created by Pom ( Jozef Van Hove ) .
The Portrait of Bindo Altoviti is a painting finished around 1515 by the Italian High Renaissance painter Raphael .
Schlesinger saw the Harman - Ising test film and signed the animators to produce cartoons at their studio for him to sell to Warner Bros. Bosko became the star vehicle for the studio 's new Looney Tunes cartoon series .
Yam Roll ( or the long title , The Very Good Adventures of Yam Roll in Happy Kingdom ) is a Canadian animated television series created by Jono Howard and Jon Izen airing on CBC Television in Canada , produced by March Entertainment .
Ruby , Gold and Malachite is an oil - on - canvas painting by Henry Scott Tuke .
The Knifegrinder Principle of Glittering ( Russian : Точильщик , Tochil'schik Printsip Mel'kaniia ) , or sometimes shortened to The Knifegrinder , is a 1912 - 13 cubo - futurist painting by Russian artist Kazimir Malevich .
Sacred and Profane Love ( Italian : Amor Sacro e Amor Profano , also called Venus and the Bride ) is an oil painting by Titian , painted c. 1514 .
The Astronaut Wives Club is an American period drama television series developed by Stephanie Savage for ABC .
Aswamedham was a reverse quiz program in Kairali TV , a Malayalam channel , in the format of twenty questions .
A Logician Devil or The Logician Devil is an illustration of Lucifer created by Salvador Dalí in 1951 for Dante Alighieri 's Divine Comedy .
Portrait of Lorenzo Cybo ( 1524 ) is a painting by the Italian late Renaissance artist Parmigianino .
Shepherdess Seated on a Rock or The Knitter or Shepherdess Knitting is an 1856 oil on wood painting by Jean - François Millet , who was a leader of the Barbizon school , which emphasized realism .
So What Now ? is a BBC television sitcom starring comedian Lee Evans .
Prince Hamlet is the title character and protagonist of William Shakespeare 's tragedy Hamlet .
The Night Café ( French : Le Café de nuit ) is an oil painting created by Dutch artist Vincent van Gogh in September 1888 in Arles .
The Walking Man ( French : ' L'homme qui marche ' ) is a bronze sculpture by the French sculptor Auguste Rodin .
Fear the Walking Dead is an American horror drama television series created by Robert Kirkman and Dave Erickson that premiered on AMC on August 23 , 2015 .
The Bagthorpe Saga is a series of 10 fiction books written by author Helen Cresswell between 1977 and 2001 .
The Gate of Calais or O , the Roast Beef of Old England is a 1748 painting by William Hogarth , reproduced as a print from an engraving the next year .
Count Dracula is the title character and main antagonist of Bram Stoker 's 1897 Gothic horror novel Dracula .
Hammerman is a Saturday morning cartoon , produced by DIC Entertainment and starring pop rapper MC Hammer , which aired for thirteen episodes on ABC in 1991 .
Sylvette is the title of a portrait painting by Pablo Picasso , featuring a young woman with a pony tail .
The Isleworth Mona Lisa is a painting of the same subject as Leonardo da Vinci 's Mona Lisa .
The Ugly Duchess ( also known as A Grotesque Old Woman ) is a satirical portrait painted by the Flemish artist Quentin Matsys around 1513 .
The Elements trilogy is a trilogy of films by Indian film - maker Deepa Mehta , dealing with controversial issues of social reform on the Indian subcontinent .
The Digital LG Quiz was a Philippine quiz show that aired on GMA Network from 1999 to 2004 .
The Nixon White House tapes are audio recordings of the communications of U.S. President Richard Nixon and various Nixon administration officials and White House staff , ordered by the President for personal records .
Swak na Swak ( Lit . That Fits ) , formerly known as Kabuhayang Swak na Swak , is an entrepreneurial and informative show produced by Bayan Productions , Inc. which airs weekend mornings on ABS - CBN .
Two Girls Dressing a Kitten by Candlelight ( also known as Dressing the Kitten ) ( c. 1768 - -70 ) is a `` fancy painting '' by Joseph Wright of Derby ( 1734 - -97 ) .
Better Portable Graphics ( BPG ) is a file format for coding digital images , which was created by programmer Fabrice Bellard in 2014 .
Princess X is a sculptured rendering of the French princess , Marie Bonaparte , by the artist Constantin Brâncuși .
View of Notre - Dame ( French : Une vue de Notre - Dame ) is an oil painting by Henri Matisse from 1914 .
Dominic Besner ( 1965 ) or `` Besner '' is a Canadian artist known for colourful and textured paintings of masked figures .
Margit Oelsner - Baumatz ( nickname , `` Margarita '' ; born 1938 ) is a psychologist , educator , rabbi , and feminist .
Song Wenjie ( simplified Chinese : 宋文杰 ; traditional Chinese : 宋文傑 ; pinyin : Sòng Wénjié ; born 15 January 1991 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Hebei China Fortune in the China League One .
Leo Lentelli ( 20 October 1879 - 31 December 1961 ) was an Italian sculptor who immigrated to the United States .
Singin ' Sam aka Harry Frankel ( January 27 , 1888 , Springfield , Ohio -June 12 , 1948 , Richmond , Indiana ) was a minstrel performer , vaudevillian and popular personality during the early days of radio .
Giovanni Martini or Giovanni Martini da Udine ( 1470/75 -- September 30 , 1535 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor of the Renaissance , born in Udine between 1470 and 1475 .
Warushavithana Upul Tharanga ( born 2 February 1985 ) , commonly known as Upul Tharanga ( ) , is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Mads Junker ( born 21 April 1981 in Copenhagen ) is a retired Danish football striker who last played for Delhi Dynamos in Indian Super League .
Ousmane Sow ( born 10 October 1935 ) is a Senegalese sculptor of life - size statues of humans and groups of humans .
Andrew Szanton ( born in Washington , D.C. in 1963 ) is an American collaborative memoirist .
Veresa Toma ( born 26 August 1981 ) is a Fijian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fijian club Rewa F.C. He has also played in Singapore , Australia and Papua New Guinea .
Francoys Dancx or Danks ( 1636 , Amsterdam -- May 14 , 1676 , Amsterdam ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
James Motluk ( born 26 April 1964 in Brockville , Ontario , Canada ) is a filmmaker of Ukrainian descent .
David Lindsay , 11th Earl of Crawford ( 1547?--1607 ) was a Scottish nobleman and privy councilor .
Sorin Cârțu ( born 12 November 1955 in Cornu , Dolj County ) is a former football striker and currently a football coach .
Rachel Talalay ( born August 16 , 1958 ) is an American film and television director and producer .
Sandy Roberts ( born 22 February 1950 ) is a sports presenter and commentator .
Gudrun Holgersen ( born 15 April 1950 ) is a Norwegian legal scholar .
Aman Mojadidi ( born 1971 ) is an American artist of Afghan descent known for his public art projects exploring Afghan politics and cross - cultural identity .
Kumar Mahadevan ( born 23 November 1959 ) is an Indian chef , restaurateur and media personality , based in Australia .
Terry N Phipps ( born September 5 , 1975 ) is a published poet and author local to the central Ohio area .
Simon Drew ( born 9 October 1952 ) is an English illustrator and cartoonist , noted for his quirky punning captions , often featuring animals which he draws in a fine pen - and - ink style .
Miguel A. Torres ( born 1941 ) , the current President and Managing Director of Bodegas Torres , is a member of the fourth generation of this family business .
Myfanwy Waring ( born 1974 ) is a Welsh actress , best known for her role as PC Amber Johannsen in the British drama series The Bill .
Kenneth McAlpine ( born 21 September 1920 ) is a British former racing driver from England .
Noel Mugavin ( born 28 June 1956 in Warrnambool ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joseph Breck ( 1794 - -1873 ) , a notable businessman of the 19th century , was born in Medfield , Massachusetts .
Dr. Alexander Hewat ( or Hewatt ) ( 1739 - -1824 ; b. Roxburgh , Scotland ) was the first historian of South Carolina and Georgia , best known for his two volume work `` An Historical Account of the Rise and Progress of the Colonies of South Carolina and Georgia '' .
Alberto Janes ( 1909 - 1971 ) was a Portuguese songwriter .
Leonid Azgaldyan ( Armenian : Լեոնիդ Ազգալդյան ) ( 22 November 1942 -- 21 June 1992 ) was an Armenian physicist who rose to prominence as a military leader during the Nagorno Karabakh War .
Norm Stott ( 21 March 1904 -- 3 August 1994 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Franco Pipino ( born circa-1924 ( age 90 - -91 ) ) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for Torino XIII , as a Fullback , i.e. number 1 .
Barbara Jane Horrocks ( born 18 January 1964 ) is an English stage , film and television actress , voice artist , musician and singer , who played the roles of Bubble and Katy Grin in the BBC sitcom Absolutely Fabulous ( 1992 - -2012 ) .
Shai Halevi ( Hebrew : שי הלוי‎ ; born 1966 ) is a computer scientist who works in the cryptography research group at IBM 's Thomas J. Watson Research Center .
Karim Benyamina ( Ar : كريم بن يمينة ) ( born 18 December 1981 ) is an Algerian international footballer .
Enzo Robutti ( born 24 October 1933 ) is an Italian actor , voice actor , comedian , playwright and writer .
Desmond Barrit ( born 19 October 1944 ) is a Laurence Olivier Award winning , Welsh actor , best known for his stage work .
Samuel Cunningham PC ( Ire ) ( 14 October 1862 -- 23 August 1946 ) was a businessman , stockbroker and politician from Northern Ireland .
Eddie Wu Kuang - yu or Wu Guangyu ( born 1946 ) is a Chinese - Canadian t'ai chi ch'uan ( taijiquan ) teacher .
Renate Urne ( born 11 June 1982 ) is a retired Norwegian international handballer .
Thamir Ghadhban ( Arabic : ثامر غضبان‎ ) ( Karbala , 1945 ) is an Iraqi civil servant and politician .
Tsyrendashi Dorzhiev ( Russian : Цырендаши Доржиев ; 1912 - January 3 1943 ) was a Soviet sniper .
Colin Nelson ( born 13 March 1938 in Boldon , County Durham , England ) was an English footballer who played for Sunderland as a full back .
Moshe Dwek ( Hebrew : משה דואק‎ , born 1931 ) is an Israeli most notable for throwing a hand grenade in the Knesset while it was in session in 1957 and for a failed run for the Knesset in 1988 .
David Brabham ( born 5 September 1965 ) is an Australian professional racing driver and one of the most successful and experienced specialists in sports car racing .
Kristian Kristiansen ( 16 February 1865 - 30 June 1943 ) was a Norwegian explorer who participated in the Greenland expedition of 1888 arranged by Fridtjof Nansen .
Ian Le Marquand or Bryan Ian Le Marquand ( born 18 September 1951 ) is a Jersey politician , Deputy Chief Minister , Minister for Home Affairs , and former magistrate .
Vytautas Šapranauskas ( 19 April 1958 -- 18 April 2013 ) was a Lithuanian comedy and drama actor of theatre and cinema , and an anchor of TV programs .
Jane Thackray ( born 1968 ) is a former basketball player for England women 's national basketball team .
Danijela Grgić ( born 28 September 1988 in Banja Luka , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian athlete competing mainly in the 400 metres .
Geoff Hook OAM ( born 27 December 1928 in Hobart , Tasmania ) , better known as Jeff Hook , is an Australian artist and former editorial cartoonist .
Michel Van den Bergh ( born 25 July 1960 ) is a Belgian mathematician and professor at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and does research at the Universiteit Hasselt .
Lars Teutenberg ( born 2 September 1970 in Mettmann ) is a former German professional bicycle rider .
William Durland ( born 1931 ) is a U.S. attorney , peace activist , author , and former member of the Virginia State Legislature .
Joanna Kulig ( born 24 June 1982 ) is a Polish film , stage , and television actress .
Rhonda Glenn ( May 6 , 1946 -- February 12 , 2015 ) was an American sportscaster , author and a manager of communications for the USGA beginning in 1996 until her retirement in May 2013 .
Amulya ( born Moulya on 14 September 1993 ) is an Indian film actress who appears in Kannada films .
Haim Malka ( born 18 February 1980 ) is an Israeli football Center Back who played for Maccabi Sha'arayim .
André Sibomana ( 1954 - -1998 ) was a Rwandan priest and journalist and an exemplary figure in the Rwandan genocide .
Private August Dorley ( also August Doerle ) ( 1842 to October 17 , 1867 ) was a German soldier who fought in the American Civil War .
Roberto Diana ( born 21 February 1983 ) is an Italian musician , guitarist , composer , producer and session man .
Luc Panissod born 1949 , of France , was Secretary General of the World Organization of the Scout Movement ( WOSM ) .
Muhammad Ainun Nadjib ( born 27 May 1953 ) , best known as Emha Ainun Nadjib or Cak Nun , is an Indonesian poet , essayist , and Islamic scholar .
Giancarlo Giannini ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒaŋˈkarlo dʒanˈniːni ) ; born 1 August 1942 ) is an Italian actor and dubber .
Ian Lougher ( born 10 July 1963 ) is a British motorcycle racer famous for 9 motorcycle victories in the North West 200 , 10 wins at the Isle of Man TT Races and 32 wins at the Southern 100 Races in his career .
Andy Johnson - Laird is the president of digital forensics firm Johnson - Laird Inc. He was born in Sheffield in England in February , 1945 .
Wesley Dening ( born 14 July 1983 ) is an Australian television producer and who lives in Los Angeles .
Richard Quesnel ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian entrepreneur and mining engineer , currently president and chief executive officer of Colt Middle East , and a member of the board of directors of Sama Resources .
Major - General Thomas Anthony Boam CB CBE ( born 14 February 1932 ) was Commander of British Forces in Hong Kong .
George E. Kent ( 1920 - -82 ) was an African - American professor of literature , with a specialization in Afro - American literature .
Wade McMahon ( born 17 May 1985 ) is an Australian Paralympic athlete that competes in sprinting and javelin events .
Tagak Curley ( born 1944 ) is an Inuit leader , politician and businessman from Nunavut .
Paddy Kingsland ( born 30 January 1947 ) is a composer of electronic music best known for his incidental music for science fiction series on BBC radio and television whilst working at the BBC Radiophonic Workshop .
Abdul Al - Ghadi ( 26 September 1962 ) is a Yemeni former track and field athlete .
Jon Grepstad ( born 2 July 1944 ) is a Norwegian freelance journalist , photographer , peace activist and former head of information of the Norwegian Language Council .
Arthur William Nugent ( 1891 - March 25 , 1975 ) , better known as Art Nugent , was an American cartoonist notable for his long - running syndicated puzzle feature , Funland ( aka Uncle Art 's Funland ) , which he drew for four decades .
Esad Erbili was born in Arbil in Iraq in the year 1847 ( 1264 ) , where he studied under Taha al - Hariri .
Vanessa Glođo ( born 8 June 1974 ) , often credited as Vanessa Glodjo , is a Bosnian actress .
Traudl Maurer ( born 1961 ) from Mittenwald is a German ski mountaineer and long - distance runner .
Léo Trespeuch , was born on 4 April 1987 , He lives in Val Thorens .
Lu Banglie ( born 1971 ) is a pro - democracy activist in China .
Roxane LeBrasse ( born 26 August 1983 in Mauritius ) is an Australian singer who was placed ninth place on the third season of Australian Idol .
Douglas León , known by his stage name Dogge Doggelito ( born 24 July 1975 ) is a Swedish rapper , lecturer , author and artist .
Raymond Kingshott ( born 13 January 1957 ) is an Australian born former English cricketer .
Louise Dear ( born 1963 in Hampshire , England ) is a professional contemporary artist who was signed to fine art publisher , Washington Green in 2010 .
Ariel Salinas Salinas ( born 9 March 1989 ) , is Chilean footballer that currently plays for Segunda División Profesional club Municipal La Pintana .
Juan Mirabal ( 1903 -- 1970 ) , also known as `` Tapaiu '' or Red Dancer , was an artist from Taos Pueblo , New Mexico .
Yong Vui Kong ( born 23 January 1988 ) is a Malaysian citizen of Hakka Chinese descent who was sentenced to death in Singapore for trafficking more than 15 grams of heroin in 2007 .
Sir Thomas Shirley ( 1564 -- c. 1634 ) was an English soldier , adventurer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1584 and 1622 .
Daniel Ciugureanu ( 1884 , Șirăuți , Bessarabia Governorate - May 19 , 1950 in Turda ) was a Moldovan politician and the prime minister of the Moldavian Democratic Republic in 1918 .
Mukhtar Mohammed ( born 1 December 1990 ) is a Somali - born British middle - distance runner specialising in the 800 metres .
Terasa Livingstone ( born 9 April 1975 ) is an Australian theatre , film and television actress .
Peter Ducke ( born 14 October 1941 ) is a Sudeten German and a former East German football player .
Gabi Novak ( pronounced ( ɡâbi nôʋaːk ) ; born 8 July 1936 ) is a Croatian pop and jazz singer .
Svein Bjerke ( born 15 November 1938 in Oslo ) , is a religious historian and professor emeritus at the University of Oslo , where he was attached to the Department for the History of Religion for thirty years , part of the time as its head .
Thomas Weddle ( 1817 November 30 Stamfordham , Northumberland--1853 December 4 Bagshot ) was a mathematician who introduced the Weddle surface .
Marc Gabriel Charles Gleyre ( 2 May 1806 -- 5 May 1874 ) , was a Swiss artist , resident in France from an early age .
Benjamin F. Gibson ( born July 13 , 1931 ) is a former United States federal judge .
Ramdasa ( 1608- ) was an Indian spiritual leader who was a key spiritual guide to Shivaji the founder of the Marathi Empire .
Oleg Tistol ( Ukrainian : Олег Михайлович Тiстол , born on 25 August 1960 in Mykolaiv Oblast , Ukraine , USSR ) is a Ukrainian painter , a representative of Ukrainian neo - baroque , the one of leaders of `` a new Ukrainian wave '' .
Georgina Muir Mackenzie ( 1833 -- 1874 ) was a British Balkan sympathiser , writer and traveller .
Waheed Karim ( born c. 1965 ) is a former Afghan long - distance runner who is recognized by the International Association of Athletics Federations as holding the Afghan national record in the marathon and the 5,000 meters .
Olga Roriz ( born 8 August 1955 in Viana do Castelo ) is a Portuguese choreographer and dancer .
Abraham Buschke ( 27 September 1868 - 23 February 1943 ) was a Jewish German dermatologist who was a native of Nakel in the Province of Posen .
Daniel Slater ( born 20 April 1966 ) is a British theatre and opera director .
Eyal Gabbai ( born in 1967 in Jerusalem ) was the Director - General of the Israeli Prime Minister 's Office from 2009 to 2011 .
Tomi Pöllänen ( born 26 May 1978 in Joensuu ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward , who plays for Lillehammer in the Norwegian GET - ligaen .
Eino Grön , born 31 January 1939 , is a Finnish American singer known for his performance of a wide range of popular music styles , including Tango , jazz , and spiritual music .
Bassam Talhouni ( born 1964 ) is a Jordanian lawyer , academic and politician .
Alan Axelrod ( born 1952 ) is an author of history , business and management books .
Christophe de Longueil ( 1490 -- September 11 , 1522 ) was a humanist from the Duchy of Brabant .
Rory Kerr ( born 20 December 1979 in Glasgow ) is a former Scotland rugby union international and Glasgow Warriors player .
Stanley Arthur Trick , known as Stan Trick ( 3 June 1884 - 11 February 1958 ) was an English cricketer for Essex .
Dani Thompson ( born 22 August 1983 ) is a British actress , glamour model and TV presenter best known for her appearances in The Sport daily and Sunday newspaper .
Lee Towers ( also known as `` The Man with the Golden Mic '' , `` The Pin '' or `` The Glasses '' ' Mr Ahoy ' the ' God Father of Dutch Popular Music ' ) ( born Leen Huijzer , 23 March 1946 ) is a Dutch crooner / singer .
Justyn Cassell ( born 25 May 1967 ) is a former a rugby union player who played for a number of top tier English club sides but was also known as an excellent Rugby Sevens player and in this capacity was capped for England and was part of the team that won the 1993 Rugby World Cup Sevens .
Joseph Gervais ( 1777 -- July 14 , 1861 ) was a pioneer settler and trapper in the Pacific Northwest .
Franz Benque ( 12 March 1841 -- 30 March 1921 ) , known in Brazil as Francisco Benque , was a German photographer .
Han In Sang ( born 10 December 1939 ) was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) from 1991 to 1996 .
Vlasta Parkanová , née Trnovcová ( born 21 November 1951 ) is a Czech politician who served from January 2007 to May 2009 as the nation 's Minister of Defence .
Mohamed Abou Gabal ( Arabic : محمد أبو جبل‎ ) ( born 29 January 1989 ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Zamalek SC as a Goalkeeper .
Marjorie Fulton ( married name Marjorie Harrell ; née Marjorie McAllister Fulton ; 28 December 1909 -- 3 November 1962 ) was an acclaimed American concert violinist and music educator of distinction .
German Yuferov ( born 2 June 1963 ) is a Soviet modern pentathlete .
Priit Aimla ( born 19 April 1941 in Võru ) is an Estonian writer , poet , humorist and politician known for several stage plays and books .
Su Yunying ( simplified Chinese : 苏运莹 ; traditional Chinese : 蘇運瑩 ; born 8 April 1991 ) , also known as Sue Su , is a Chinese singer - songwriter .
He Zuoxiu ( Chinese : 何祚庥 ; pinyin : Hé Zuòxiū ; born 1927 ) is a Chinese physicist and member of Chinese Academy of Sciences .
Yantou Quanhuo ( Chinese : 巖頭全豁 ; pinyin : Yántóu Quánhuō ; Japanese Gānto Zenkatsu ) ( 828 - -887 ) was an ancient Ch'an master of Yantou Monastery in Ezhou , China .
René Mortiaux ( born 1881 , date of death unknown ) was a Belgian bobsledder who competed during the early 1920s .
Liad Shoham ( born 1971 ) is an Israeli writer and lawyer .
Bernard Mouat Jones ( 27 November 1882 -- 11 September 1953 ) was a British chemist , notable for identifying the chemical in mustard gas and the first scientist to be Vice - Chancellor of the University of Leeds .
Narendra Man Singh ( Nepali : नरेन्द्र मान सिंह ) ( 1958?-27 November 2009 ) was a Nepalese footballer .
Jörg Diesch ( born 29 September 1951 in Friedrichshafen ) is a German sailor , Olympic champion and world champion .
Ravindra Khattree ( born 1959 ) is an Indian - born statistician and professor of statistics at Oakland University .
Gerhard Schwehm ( b. 13 March 1949 , Ludwigshafen am Rhein , Germany ) is Head of Solar System Science Operations Division for the European Space Agency ( ESA ) .
Lee Mackey ( born 1988 ) is an Irish hurler who currently plays as a right wing - back for the London senior hurling team .
Ramakrishnan Sridhar ( born 16 July 1970 ) , commonly known as R Sridhar , is a former Indian first - class cricketer and the current fielding coach of the Indian national cricket team .
Stuart MacKenzie ( born 5 April 1937 ) is an Australian competition rower and Olympic medalist , who also competed for Great Britain at the 1962 World Championships .
Michael Lee - Chin , OJ ( born 1951 ) is a Jamaican business magnate , investor , and philanthropist .
Jon McClure ( born 22 December 1981 ) , known as The Reverend , is an English musician .
Sir George Samuel Measom ( 1818 - 1901 ) was an English engraver and publisher who compiled guides to railway travel in Great Britain in the mid-19th century .
Li Youwen ( Chinese : 栗又文 ) ( 1901 - 1984 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Ben Schwarze ( born 24 August 1983 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for North Melbourne .
Marion Ettlinger ( born 1949 ) is a photographer specializing in author portraits .
Goran Škundrić ( born 1987 in Odžaci ) is a Serbian volleyball player , currently playing for Ribnica Kraljevo .
Lew Mon - hung , BBS ( Chinese : 劉夢熊 , born November 1948 ) , nicknamed `` Dream Bear '' based on his Chinese name , is a Hong Kong businessman who is the former deputy chairman and executive director of Pearl Oriental Oil Limited .
Hoàng Tụy ( Xuân Đài village , Điện Bàn , 17 December 1927 ) is a prominent Vietnamese applied mathematician .
Vicky Vette ( born 12 June 1965 ) is a Norwegian - Canadian pornographic actress , webcam model and webmaster .
Lotfi Khaïda ( Arabic : لطفي خيدا‎ , born 20 December 1968 ) is a retired Algerian long jumper and triple jumper .
Kenan Karaman ( born 5 March 1994 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a striker for Hannover 96 in the Bundesliga .
Saint Moses the Black ( 330 - -405 ) , ( also known as Abba Moses the Robber , the Abyssinian , the Ethiopian and the Strong ) was an ascetic monk and priest in Egypt in the fourth century AD , and a notable Desert Father .
Charles Colbert , marquis de Croissy ( 1625 -- July 28 , 1696 ) was a French statesman and diplomat .
Cri - Zelda Brits , also written Crizelda Brits and Cri - zelda Brits ( born 20 November 1983 ) is an international cricketer .
Dr Rameshwar Oraon ( born 14 February 1947 ) is an Indian politician , a member of the 14th Lok Sabha .
Todd Jay Weinstein ( born 1951 ) is a photographer and artist , born in Detroit , Michigan , and who now lives in New York City .
Abraham Bennet FRS ( baptised 20 December 1749 - buried 9 May 1799 ) was an English clergyman and physicist , the inventor of the gold - leaf electroscope and developer of an improved magnetometer .
Bouthaina Shaaban ( Arabic : بثينة شعبان‎ ) ( born 1953 ) is a Syrian politician and is currently the political and media adviser to the President of Syria .
Oliver Callan ( born 27 December 1980 ) is an Irish vocal and performance satirist and impressionist known as the creator of Callan 's Kicks , Nob Nation and for frequent appearances on the The Saturday Night Show .
Walter Camidge ( 2 January 1912 - -July 1987 ) , also known as William A Camidge , was an English footballer .
Simon Dolan ( born 20 May 1969 ) is a British businessman and entrepreneur .
Michel Debray ( born 10 September 1936 ) is a French admiral and politician .
Lieutenant General Edward Soriano ( born 12 November 1946 ) is an American retired military officer .
Tadeusz Jordan - Rozwadowski ( 19 May 1866 -- 18 October 1928 ) was a Polish military commander , diplomat , and politician , a general of the Austro - Hungarian Army and then the Polish Army .
Ronald Edward Zupko ( born 5 August 1938 ) is an authority on historical metrology ( the study of the history of weights and measures ) with an academic background in medieval history .
Ya'akov Shefi ( Hebrew : יעקב שפי‎ , born 25 January 1941 ) is an Israeli former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party from 1992 until 1996 .
Kyle Macaulay ( born 13 May 1986 in Aberdeen ) is a former professional footballer who currently works as a performance analyst for Swedish football club , Östersunds FK .
John Mountford ( born 28 November 1948 in Stoke - on - Trent , Staffordshire , ) is a British television executive and former broadcaster .
Dame Marie Selipha Descartes DBE , BEM ( 28 March 1914 -- 11 August 2010 ) , best known as Sesenne , was a Saint Lucian singer and cultural icon .
Thomas Fredrik Olsen or Fred Olsen ( born 1 January 1929 ) is a Norwegian shipping magnate and Chairman of the companies in the Fred .
Yoshiharu Kohayakawa ( Japanese name : コハヤカワヨシハル , born 1963 ) is a Japanese - Brazilian mathematician working on discrete mathematics and probability theory .
Beatrice Deloitte Davis AM MBE ( 1909 - -1992 ) was Australia 's first full - time book editor , appointed by Angus & Robertson in 1937 .
Dr. Vijay Anand Reddy ( born 20 October 1959 ) is an Indian oncologist , radiation therapist and director at Apollo Cancer Hospitals .
Sir Benjamin Ayloffe , 4th Baronet ( 1631 -- 5 March 1722 ) of Great Braxted , was a London merchant .
Jean - François Leleu ( 1729 - 1807 ) was a leading French furniture - maker ( ébéniste ) of the eighteenth century .
Wim Soutaer ( born 27 June 1974 in Halle , Flemish Brabant ) , was a contestant best known for placing third in Idool 2003 , the Belgian version of Pop Idol .
Sigurd Segelcke Meidell ( 20 February 1878 -- 26 July 1968 ) was a Norwegian journalist , genealogist and novelist .
Suzanne Portnoy , ( born 1961 ) is the author of the best - selling explicit memoir The Butcher , The Baker , the Candlestick Maker :
Kathleen Schlesinger ( 1862 , in Holywood , Ireland -- 1953 , in London ) was a British music archaeologist and curator of musical instruments at the British Museum .
Steve Missillier ( born 12 December 1984 ) is a French alpine skier and non - commissioned officer .
Sarah Solemani ( Persian : سارا سلیمانی‎‎ , Hebrew : שרה סולימני ) ( born 4 September 1982 ) is an English film actress , writer , and playwright , best known for starring in the sitcom Him & Her and Bad Education .
Siger of Brabant ( Sigerus , Sighier , Sigieri or Sygerius de Brabantia ; c. 1240 -- before 10 November 1284 ) was a 13th - century philosopher from the southern Low Countries who was an important proponent of Averroism .
R. Panneerselvam ( born 10 April 1970 ) is an Indian / Tamil action film director .
Alhaji Fatai Akinade Akinbade ( born April 1955 ) is a Nigerian politician who became Secretary to the State Government in Osun State .
Edmund Dickinson or Dickenson ( 1624 - -1707 ) was an English royal physician and alchemist , author of a syncretic philosophical system .
Saverio Gandini ( 1729 -- 9 March 1796 ) was an Italian painter of the late - Baroque and Neoclassic periods , mainly active in Brescia .
Albert Rust ( 1818 -- April 4 , 1870 ) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Arkansas , and a delegate to the Provisional Confederate Congress .
Jenna Arrowsmith ( born 5 May 1980 ) is a British former competitive figure skater who competed in ladies ' singles .
Peter Tetteroo ( 1963 ) is a Dutch journalist and filmmaker .
Yitzchak Isaac of Zidichov ( 1805 - -June 4 , 1873 ) was a noted Hasidic rabbi .
Lisa Chapman ( born 18 August 1984 ) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics and European championships .
Dietmar Hopp ( born 26 April 1940 ) is a German billionaire software entrepreneur .
Hazel Buck ( born 8 March 1932 in Wyong , New South Wales , Australia ) is a former Australian cricket player .
George Ashfield ( 7 April 1934 -- March 1985 ) was an English footballer .
Janis Crystal Lipzin , ( born Colorado Springs , 1945 ) is an American artist working with film , photography , video , audio , multi - media installations , and media performance .
Douglas Hutchinson ( born 1918 ) was a Northern Ireland Unionist politician Born in Richhill , County Armagh , Hutchinson worked as a fruit farmer .
Anna Stothard ( born 1983 ) , is a British novelist , journalist and screenwriter .
Bernd Altenstein ( born 29 April 1943 ) is a German Sculptor and University lecturer .
Matthew James Harris ( born 30 June 1968 ) is an Australian serial killer from Wagga Wagga , New South Wales , currently serving two sentences of life imprisonment plus 40 years imprisonment without the possibility of parole for the murder of three people in and around Wagga Wagga in October and November 1998 .
Voskan Yerevantsi was born in 1614 in New Julfa ( Nor Jugha ) , the son of parents who had been deported from Yerevan in 1604 - 1605 during the relocation ordered by Shah Abbas I of Persia .
Ledian Memushaj ( born 7 December 1986 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays for Italian club Pescara and the Albanian national team .
Charles Raymond Greene ( 17 April 1901 -- 1982 ) was a Doctor of Medicine and a mountaineer , and older brother of the novelist Graham Greene and the broadcaster and BBC executive Hugh Greene .
Li Decheng ( 李德誠 ) ( 863-August 5 , 940 ) , formally Prince Zhongyi of Zhao ( 趙忠懿王 ) , was a prominent general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Wu .
Stefanie Jamaica Pschill aka Fawni ( born 17 July 1985 ) is an Austrian singer - songwriter , artist and actress .
Nora Volkow ( born 27 March 1956 ) is a Mexican - born naturalized American psychiatrist .
Christian Görlitz ( born 1944 ) is a film director .
Mudar Zahran ( born 19 April 1973 ) is a Jordanian Palestinian writer and the secretary general of the Jordanian Opposition Coalition .
Alex Kahn ( b. 9 April 1967 ) is an American visual and performance artist , best known for his creation of the large - scale puppet performance works that lead New York 's Village Halloween Parade each year .
Ambar Das ( born 10 March 1974 ) is a music composer , producer , drummer and guitarist of repute from Guwahati , Assam .
Phil Steele ( born c. 1960 ) is an American sportswriter and analyst who focuses exclusively on college and professional football .
Bart Vanheule ( 10 November 1983 ) is a Belgian professional road bicycle racer who rode for UCI Professional Continental team Chocolade Jacques - Topsport Vlaanderen between 2006 and 2009 .
Åge Korsvold ( born 8 April 1946 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and since 2006 chief executive officer of Kistefos .
Perry Deane Young ( born 27 March 1941 ) is a journalist , author , playwright , historian , and professional gardener .
Dejan Vukadinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дejaн Bукaдинoвић , born 3 September 1982 ) is a Montenegrin footballer playing for Chainat in Thai Premier League .
Cezar Mateus ( born 1961 in Bucharest , Romania ) is an American luthier working in Princeton , New Jersey .
Kostas Hatziantoniou ( born 1965 ) is a Greek writer born and raised in Rhodes .
Elisabeth of Schönau ( c. 1129 -- 18 June 1164 ) was a German Benedictine visionary .
John Suchet ( /ˈsuːʃeɪ/ SOO - shay ; born 29 March 1944 ) is an English author , newsreader , television presenter and musical host on Classic FM ( UK ) .
Joachim Koester ( born 1962 in Copenhagen ) is a conceptual artist and a graduate of the Royal Danish Academy of Art in his native city .
Philip Embury ( Ballingrane , County Limerick , Ireland , 21 September 1729 - Camden , New York , August 1775 ) was a Methodist preacher , a leader of one of the earliest Methodist congregations in the United States .
Christian Brembeck ( born 1960 in Munich ) is a German conductor , organist and harpsichordist .
Sami Rintala ( born 1969 ) is a Finnish architect and artist .
Thomas Richard Mechler , known as Tom Mechler ( born c. 1957 ) , a petroleum and natural gas consultant from Amarillo , Texas , is the chairman of the Republican Party of Texas .
Oliver Luke ( 1574 - -1648 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England from 1614 to 1648 .
Antonia de Sancha ( born 14 September 1961 in Hammersmith , London ) is an English actress and businesswoman best known as the former mistress of British Conservative Member of Parliament and Cabinet minister David Mellor which became public knowledge in 1992 .
Sue Mosteller , C.S.J. ( born 1933 ) is a writer and teacher who lives in Toronto , Canada .
Julian Popov ( born in 1959 in Sofia , Bulgaria ) is a Bulgarian - British writer and journalist .
Peter Cockroft ( born 13 April 1957 , Catterick , North Riding of Yorkshire ) is a British weather forecaster .
Mohamed Makhzangi ( born 1950 ) is an Egyptian doctor and writer .
Alexander Fekete ( né Sándor Fekete ; Hungary , 1827 -- East St. Louis , Illinois , at the beginning of March 1911 ) was a Hungarian and American soldier and physician .
Nora Wall ( formerly Sister Dominic of the Sisters of Mercy ) ( born 1948 ) is a former Irish nun of the Sisters of Mercy who was wrongfully convicted of rape in June 1999 , and served four days of a life sentence in July 1999 , before her conviction was quashed .
Helen Shipman ( 1899 - -1984 ) was an American singer , dancer and actress who starred in various Broadway musicals and musical comedies and who also acted in movies .
Óscar Molina Casillas ( born 2 January 1990 in Commerce , California ) is a Mexican American amateur boxer who qualified for the 2012 Olympics .
Egle Oddo ( Palermo , 1975 ) is an Italian visual artist residing in Helsinki , Finland .
André Geerts ( 18 December 1955 -- 27 July 2010 ) was a Belgian comics creator best known for his series Jojo .
Clarence Aaron `` Tod '' Robbins ( 1888 - -1949 ) , billed as C.A Robbins and better known as Tod Robbins , was an American author of horror and mystery fiction , particularly novels and short story collections .
Andrea Faciu ( born 1977 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian artist who has lived in Germany since 1991 .
Wayne B. Thomas ( born January 24 , 1969 ) is an American economist and Professor of Accounting at the University of Oklahoma who has specifically focussed on market - based accounting research .
Andrew R. Heinze ( born 19 January 1955 ) is an American playwright , non - fiction author , and scholar of American history .
Stella Garza - Hicks ( born 1953 ) is a former Republican legislator in the U.S. state of Colorado .
Brendan Grace ( born 1 April 1951 ) is an Irish comedian and singer .
Martin Tomovski ( Macedonian : Мартин Томовски ) ( born 10 July 1997 ) is a Macedonian handball player for RK Metalurg Skopje .
Oliver Baker ( 1856 - 1939 ) was an English painter , etcher , designer and silversmith , best known for his role in the development of the Cymric Silverware line for Liberty & Co. Baker was born in Birmingham , the son of the artist Samuel Henry Baker .
Michele Bietto ( born c. 1925 ( age 89 - -90 ) ) is an Italian professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s playing at representative level for Italy , and at club level for Torino XIII , as a Wing , i.e. number 2 or 5 .
Nidhi Chanani ( 1975 ) is an Indian - American illustrator and artist born in Kolkatta , India , and raised in California .
Daragh O'Malley ( born 25 May 1954 ) is an Irish born film , theatre and television actor who has appeared in a large number of TV series , films and films for television .
Lim Yo - hwan ( born 4 September 1980 ) , known by the ID SlayerS--`BoxeR ` ( usually shortened to BoxeR ) , is a former professional player of the real - time strategy computer game StarCraft .
Giada Galizi ( born 20 July 1993 ) is an Italian freestyle swimmer .
Rabbi Leib Tropper ( born 1950 in New York City ) is founder of the Kol Yaakov Yeshiva and Torah Center in Monsey , New York .
Tommy Tenney ( born 1956 ) is an American preacher and author , known for his message of `` God Chasing '' .
Jamie Scott ( born 12 February 1984 ) is a British singer , songwriter and producer .
Mojtaba Zarei Shouli ( born 1 March 1984 ) is an Iranian football Forward who currently plays for Paykan in the Azadegan League .
Lieutenant General Deshamanya Joseph Everard Denis Perera , VSV , FCMI , ndc , psc , SLE ( 10 October 1930 -- 11 August 2013 ) was a Sri Lankan general , military engineer and a diplomat who served as Commander of the Sri Lankan Army from 1977 to 1981 .
Scott Westcott ( born 25 September 1975 ) is an Australian runner .
Yaisel Sierra Pérez ( born in 1991 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent .
Frances Adamson ( born 20 April 1961 ) is an Australian public servant and diplomat .
Mustafa Ülgen ( born 1945 in İnegöl , Bursa Province ) is a Turkish orthodontist .
Claudio Lippi ( born 3 June 1945 ) is an Italian television presenter , actor and singer .
Yonny Hernández Vega ( born 25 July 1988 ) is a Colombian Grand Prix motorcycle racer .
Christopher G. Moore ( born 8 July 1952 ) is a Canadian writer of twenty - five novels , five works of non - fiction , editor of three anthologies , and author of four radio dramas .
Richard Clogg ( born 1939 at Rochdale ) is a British historian .
Sir Herbert Alker Tripp CBE ( 23 August 1883 -- 12 December 1954 ) , usually known as Alker Tripp or H. Alker Tripp , was a senior English police official who served as an Assistant Commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police from 1932 to 1947 .
Kazeem Manzur ( born 8 July 1991 , in Milton Keynes , England ) is a professional British racecar driver , who races for Josef Kaufmann Racing in the Formula BMW Europe series .
Richard Eng ( born 1964 ) is an English tutor and entrepreneur based in Hong Kong .
He Yiting ( Chinese : 何毅亭 ; born 1952 ) is a Chinese academic and politician .
Antonio Fernandez Saenz ( born 1947 ) is a Spanish - Brazilian lawyer and human rights defender .
Şihabetdin Märcani ( pronounced ( ʃihæbetˈdin mærʑæˈni ) ; Cyrillic Tatar : Шиһабетдин Мәрҗани , Arabic Tatar : شہاب الدین مرجانی , also spelled Shihabetdin Marjani ; 1818 - -1889 ) was a Tatar Muslim theologian and historian .
Hanan Melcer ( Hebrew : חנן מלצר‎ , born April 1951 ) is an Israeli judge and a current judge in the Supreme Court of Israel .
John Robert Mortimer ( 15 June 1825 -- 19 August 1911 ) was an English corn - merchant and archaeologist who lived in Driffield , East Riding of Yorkshire .
Alberto Martins , GCL ( born 25 April 1945 ) , is a Portuguese lawyer and politician .
Anne Vaughan , Countess of Carbery ( née Saville ; b. c. 1670 ) was a daughter of George Savile , 1st Marquess of Halifax and his first wife , Lady Dorothy Spencer .
Cedric Foo Chee Keng ( Chinese : 符致镜 ; pinyin : Fú Zhìjìng ; born 16 July 1960 ) is a Singaporean politician and corporate executive .
William H. Beaver ( born 1940 ) is an accounting researcher and educator .
Lars Klevstrand ( born 30 September 1949 in Drammen , Buskerud ) is a Norwegian singer , guitarist , composer and actor .
Brian Drader ( born 1960 ) is a Canadian stage actor and playwright .
Simeon Japhet Asher ( born 14 January 1961 ) is an English film and television producer , writer and director who has worked in the United States for most of his career .
Diane , Duchess of Württemberg ( née Princess Diane Françoise Maria da Gloria of Orléans ; born 24 March 1940 ) is a successful artist and sculptor .
Karl Shuker ( born 9 December 1959 ) is a British zoologist , cryptozoologist and author .
Ward Darley , Jr. , M.D. ( 1903 - -1979 ) was an American educator and physician who served as president of the University of Colorado and dean of its medical school .
Joan Larkin ( born in 1939 ) is an American poet and playwright .
Alejandro Córdoba Sosa ( Berisso , Buenos Aires province , 1971 ) is an Argentine writer .
Eduardo Zorita ( born in Madrid , 1961 ) is a Spanish paleoclimatologist .
Albert Warren Ferris , A.M. , M.D. ( December 1856 - 4 October 1937 ) was an American psychiatrist , born in Brooklyn , New York , and educated at the College of Physicians and Surgeons ( Columbia University ) .
John Christopher Willis FRS ( 20 February 1868 -- 21 March 1958 ) was an English botanist known for his Age and Area hypothesis and criticism of natural selection .
Alexandre Geniez ( born 16 April 1988 ) is a French professional cyclist , who rides for the UCI ProTeam FDJ .
Yevhen Zubeyko ( Ukrainian : Євген Анатолійович Зубейко ; born 30 September 1989 in Artemivsk , Donetsk Oblast ) is an Ukrainian footballer .
Janet Lawless née Wienand ( born 15 May 1985 ) is a South African athlete competing in the heptathlon and 400 metres hurdles .
Scott Gammer ( born 24 October 1976 ) is a British boxer , based in Wales .
Massimiliano Gatto ( born 28 October 1995 ) is an Italian footballer who currently plays for Italian side Pro Vercelli as a striker on loan from Chievo Verona .
Martin Lisemore ( 1939 -- 3 February 1977 ) was a British television producer .
Robin Mason ( born 1958 ) is a British painter born in Porthcawl , South Wales .
Prenelan Subrayen ( born 23 September 1993 , Tongaat ) is a South African cricketer who has made 11 first - class appearances since his debut in November 2011 .
Victoria Atkin ( born 28 December 1986 ) is an English actress best known for playing the character Jason Costello , previously known as Jasmine , in the British soap opera Hollyoaks and Hollyoaks Later as the soap 's first character with Gender Identity Disorder .
Karl , Prince of Isenburg - Büdingen ( full name : Karl Viktor Amadeus Wolfgang Kasimir Adolf Bodo ) ( 29 July 1838 -- 2 April 1899 ) was head of the mediatised German house of Isenburg and Büdingen .
Theo Hermans ( born 1948 , Assent , Belgium ) is a scholar best known for his work in Translation Studies .
Mathias Schlie ( born 31 January 1988 ) is a Danish footballer , who last played for Danish Superliga side Hobro IK .
Alfio Vandi ( born 7 December 1955 ) is an Italian former professional racing cyclist of the 1970s and 1980s .
Henry Robinson Hall ( 1859 - -1927 ) was a Victorian and Edwardian landscape painter in oils and watercolours noted for his Highland cattle .
Veysel Sarı ( born 25 July 1988 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a right back for Turkish club Kasımpaşa in Süper Lig .
Elijah Round ( born January 1882 ) was an English footballer .
Kingsley Sit Ho - yin ( born 1949 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong .
Kris Kolluri ( born c. 1969 ) serves as head of the New Jersey Schools Development Authority , having taken office as of December 1 , 2008 , where he succeeded Scott Weiner .
Amy Jenkins ( born 1966 , in London ) is an English novelist and screenwriter .
Aliko Dangote GCON ( born 10 April 1957 ) is a Nigerian billionaire , who owns the Dangote Group , which has interests in commodities .
Fallon Sherrock , born on ( 1 July 1994 ) , is an English darts player currently ranked World No3 by the WDF who made her debut at the BDO World Championships 2014 .
Duncan Gibbins ( 13 October 1952 -- 3 November 1993 ) was a British film and music video director , as well as a screenwriter .
Giorgi Chitaia was born in the western part of Georgia in 1890 .
Zdeněk Vítek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzdɛɲɛɡ ˈviːtɛk ) ) ( born 25 July 1977 ) is a Czech former biathlete .
Martin Gibbons ( born 1 March 1953 ) is an Irish farmer and former Progressive Democrats TD who represented Carlow--
Floyd Kuptana ( born 1964 ) is an Inuit artist in Canada whose work is primarily stone carvings as well as paintings and collage .
Sylvie Hülsemann ( born 1944 ) is a retired Luxembourgian water skier .
Arnthor Birgisson ( born 12 February 1976 in Reykjavík , Iceland ) , is an Icelandic / Swedish songwriter and producer .
Barry Farrell ( 1935 -- December 10 , 1984 ) was an American journalist and editor who wrote for magazines .
Mary Roos ( born Rosemarie Schwab on 9 January 1949 ) is a German singer and actress .
Charalambos - Elini Dimoutsos ( Greek : Χαράλαμπος-Ελίνι Δημούτσος ; born 18 June 1988 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Asteras Tripoli and the Greek national team .
Damien Nygaard ( born 24 May 1945 ) is a former Australian sportsman .
Julia Gwynne ( 1856 -- 10 June 1934 ) was an English opera singer and actress best remembered for her performances with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company from 1879 to 1883 .
Keith Stewartson ( 20 September 1925 -- 7 May 1983 ) was an English mathematician and fellow of the Royal Society .
William Fordyce Mavor ( 1 August 1758 -- 29 December 1837 ) was a Scottish teacher , priest and compiler of educational books , many of which passed through numerous editions .
Oliver Wilde ( born 21 October 1988 in Swindon , Wiltshire ) , is an English musician , poet and producer now based in Bristol , England .
Abdul Latif Dayfallah ( Arabic : عبد اللطيف ضيف الله‎ ) ( born 1930 ) was the Prime Minister of the Yemen Arab Republic for 26 April to 5 October 1963 , under President Abdullah as - Sallal .
Cristina Spinei ( born 1984 ) is an American composer .
Gerhard Boldt ( 24 January 1918 -- 10 May 1981 ) was an officer in the German Army ( Heer ) who wrote about his experiences during World War II .
Elliot Evans ( born 19 December 1995 ) is an English teen pop singer who reached the semi - finals of the third series of ITV variety show Britain 's Got Talent , singing with his parents Estelle and Giles and young sisters Georgia and Olivia as family singing group Good Evans .
Jim Ouliaris ( born 22 July 1966 ) was an Australian assistant referee .
Elsa Viveca Torstensdotter Lindfors ( 29 December 1920 -- 25 October 1995 ) , better known under her professional name of Viveca Lindfors , was a Swedish stage and film actress .
Gregory Doran ( born 24 November 1958 ) is a British director known for his Shakespearean work .
Kostas Papoutsis ( Greek : Κώστας Παπουτσής ; born 31 March 1979 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Mandraikos in the Delta Ethniki .
Frederic Whitcombe ( born 15 October 1858 , date of death unknown ) was a Member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from 1898 to 1900 .
Chris Berrow ( born 5 December 1989 in Morden , Surrey ) is a presenter currently working for BBC Radio Lincolnshire , BBC Radio Cambridgeshire , and BBC Northampton .
Gareth Mitchelson ( born 7 April 1967 in Dundee ) is a Scottish dancer .
Nils Stensson Sture ( 1512 -- before 1527 or in 1528 ) may have been Daljunkern , a revolt - leader in Sweden .
Mohamed Dia ( born 5 August 1973 in the Sarcelles ) is a Franco - Malian designer of sport clothing ( sporstwear and streetwear ) , founder of the M.Dia brand .
Zachariah Gillam ( also spelled Zachary Guillam ) ( 1636 - -1682 ) was one of a family of New England sea captains involved in the early days of the Hudson 's Bay Company .
Rodrigo Eduardo da Silva , known as Rodrigo Sam ( born 24 July 1995 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as centre back for Tigres do Brasil on loan from Corinthians .
Harold Rubin ( born 13 May 1932 ) is a South African - born Israeli visual artist and free jazz clarinettist .
Christian Friedrich Witt , or Witte ( c. 1660 -- 3 April 1717 ) was a German composer , music editor and teacher .
Cliff Wright ( born 1963 ) is an artist , book illustrator and advertising artist .
Born in Arona in 1953 , Riccardo Sinigaglia is an architect as well as musician .
Laddie Cliff ( 1891 - -1937 ) was a British writer and actor of the comedy stage noted for his association with Stanley Lupino .
Alistair Sinclair ( born 1960 ) is a British computer scientist and computational theorist .
Ali Al - Khawajah ( Arabic : علي الخواجة‎ ; born 3 February 1957 ) is a Kuwaiti fencer .
Leroy Calliste ( born 24 September 1941 ) , better known as Black Stalin , is a leading calypsonian from Trinidad and Tobago known for his militant Rastafarian and black nationalist lyrics .
Svetlana Gnezdilov ( born 20 July 1969 ) is a retired Israeli athlete who specialized in the 100 metres hurdles and the heptathlon .
Babacar Niang ( born 9 September 1958 ) is a retired Senegalese - French middle distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres .
Mary Ellen Bagnall - Oakeley ( 1833 - -1904 ) was an English antiquarian , author , and painter known for her work in Bristol and south - east Wales .
Erica James ( née Sullivan ; born 1960 ) is a British writer of several romance novels .
Yoon Deok - yeo ( Korean : 윤덕여 ; born 25 March 1961 ) is a South Korean soccer coach and former soccer player .
Anthony Kitchin ( 22 July 1471 -- 31 October 1563 ) , also known as Anthony Dunstone , was a mid-16th - century Abbot of Eynsham Abbey and Bishop of Llandaff in both the Roman Catholic Church and the Church of England .
Anne Fitzalan - Howard , Duchess of Norfolk , CBE ( 30 August 1927 -- 8 April 2013 ) was a British peeress and humanitarian .
Yuhanon Mor Philoxenos ( born John Jacob Elappanal ; 5 December 1941 -- 30 December 2015 ) was a Syriac Orthodox bishop .
Denis O'Conor , O'Conor Don ( Irish : Donnchadh Ó Conchubhair Donn ; 1794 -- 1847 ) of Clonalis , County Roscommon , was an Irish nobleman , and Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the British House of Commons .
Hussein Adan Isack ( born 1957 ) is a naturalist and ethnobiologist living in Kenya , having been a research scientist in ornithology .
András Vonza ( born 28 July 1955 ) is a Hungarian vet and politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development between 2001 and 2002 .
Stephen Butterworth ( 1885 - -1958 ) was a British physicist who invented the Butterworth filter , a class of electrical circuits that are used to separate different frequencies of electrical signals .
Yaakov Israel Ifargan ( יעקב ישראל איפרגן , born 1966 ) , also known as the X - ray ( Hebrew : ha - Rentgen ) , is an Israeli Kabbalist rabbi and spiritual adviser who operates in Netivot , a town in southern Israel .
Don Whillans ( 18 May 1933 -- 4 August 1985 ) was an English rock climber and mountaineer .
Takehisa Yaegashi ( born 1943 ) is a retired engineer for Toyota Motor Corporation .
Rosemary Squire OBE ( born 27 May 1956 ) is a prolific and broad - based commercial theatre producer .
Elizabeth Kenny ( 20 September 1880 -- 30 November 1952 ) was an unaccredited Australian nurse who promoted a controversial new approach to the treatment of poliomyelitis .
Imre Salusinszky ( born 1955 ) is an Australian journalist and English literature academic with a strong literary interest in the Canadian literary critic Northrop Frye and discount Australian clothes brand Lowes .
Brenda Jean Patrick ( born 1955 ) is a Texas - based educational consultant primarily known for her position within the educational community that students and parents are customers that the educational system must serve .
Lucky Ali ( born 19 September 1958 ) , born Maqsood Mahmood Ali , is an Indian singer songwriter , composer and actor .
Sarukkai Jagannathan ( b 18 May 1914 - d 1996 ) was the tenth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 16 June 1970 to 19 May 1975 .
Chris D. Thomas ( Christian David Thomas ) was born on 9 September 1959 .
Sébastien Tellier ( French : ( tɛlje ) ; born 22 February 1975 ) is a French singer , songwriter and multi - instrumentalist .
Pamela Abbott ( born 27 June 1947 ) , FAcSS is an academic in sociology , gender and development studies .
Scott Neri ( born 1972 in Guadalajara , Jalisco ) is a Mexican painter , illustrator , graphic designer and short fiction writer .
Davis Mac - Iyalla ( born 1972 in Port Harcourt ) is a Nigerian LGBT rights activist .
Darko Bratina ( 30 March 1942 -- 23 September 1997 ) was an Italian sociologist , film theorist and politician of Slovene ethnicity .
Ángela Loij ( died 28 May 1974 ) was the last surviving full - blooded Ona native woman of Tierra del Fuego .
David Boothby ( born 1944 ) was last Chief of Police of the Metro Toronto Police 1995 - 1997 , and first Chief of the Toronto Police Service , from 1998 to 2000 .
Billy Halliday ( born 14 November 1906 in Dumfries ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
Matheson Bayley ( born 15 December 1978 ) is a British pianist , composer , orchestrator , singer and television host .
Bruce Yonemoto ( born 1949 ) is a Japanese - American multimedia artist .
Ami Assaf ( Hebrew : עמי אסף‎ , born Ami Vilkomitz ; 22 July 1903 -- 17 May 1963 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1949 until 1961 .
Iveta Putalová ( born 24 March 1988 in Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak track and field sprinter who specialises in the 400 metres .
Paulo Baptista Nsimba ( born 12 August 1983 ) , nicknamed Zé Kalanga , is an Angolan football winger who plays for Onze Bravos .
In 1975 Boag joined Williams and formed the partnership Peter Williams and Gary Boag which later became known as Williams Boag .
Mikhail Baron ( Russian : Михаи́л Дави́дович Ба́рон ; b. 1894 ) was an anarchist and socialist revolutionary , brother of Aron Baron .
Terence Faherty ( born 1954 ) is an American author of mystery novels .
Giovanni Gasbarrini ( Padua , 30 August 1936 ) is an Italian physician whose ground - breaking work in the field of internal medicine , hepatology and gastroenterology earned him the 2013 lifetime achievement award of the United Europe Gastroenterology ( UEG ) association .
Per - Arne Berglund ( 20 January 1927 -- 6 January 2002 ) was a Swedish javelin thrower who won a silver medal at the 1950 European Athletics Championships .
Prof . Kighoma Malima was born in Marui village Kisarawe District on 15 December , 1938 .
Hrystyna Stuy ( Ukrainian : Христина Стуй ; born 3 February 1988 in Uhryniv ) is a Ukrainian sprint athlete who specializes in the 100 metres .
Ramūnas Radavičius ( born 20 January 1981 ) is a Lithuanian international footballer , as a midfielder .
Otto Barch ( born 20 December 1943 ) is a retired race walker who represented the USSR and later Kyrgyzstan .
Sadakat Kadri ( born 1964 in London ) is a lawyer , author , travel writer and journalist .
Charles E. Dow ( 1846 - -Nov . 19 , 1914 ) was a Republican mayor of South Norwalk , Connecticut from 1903 to 1907 .
Joseph Francis Thrupp ( 1827 - -1867 ) was an English churchman and academic , known as a writer on the Psalms .
Murcyleen Peerzada ( born 1991 ) is an Islamic speaker from Mumbai , India .
Glenda Collins ( born 16 December 1943 ) was a British pop music singer active in the 1960s .
Martin Kühner ( born 15 October 1980 in Speyer ) is a German competitive rower .
Edward Headlam Greenhow FRS , FRCP ( 1814 -- 22 April 1888 ) was an English physician , epidemiologist , sanitarian , statistician , clinician and lecturer .
William Perry Herring McFaddin ( 1856 - 1935 ) , known as Perry , was a rancher and early landowner in the early years of Beaumont , Texas .
John Sebastian Östling ( born 2 June 1984 in Onsala , Kungsbacka ) is a Swedish sailor , who specialized in two - person dinghy ( 470 ) class .
Mark Tredinnick ( born 1962 ) is a celebrated Australian poet , essayist and teacher .
Isobelle Molloy ( born 6 October 2000 ) is an English child actress , best known for her portrayal of Amanda and later , Matilda Wormwood in the West End version of Matilda the Musical .
Steve Alcorn ( born 1956 ) is an American entrepreneur , engineer , inventor , author and teacher best known for his involvement in the theme park industry .
Cliff Ellen ( born 22 March 1936 in Melbourne ) is an Australian actor who played a prominent guest role on soap opera Neighbours as Charlie Cassidy .
Tadeusz Swietochowski ( Polish : Tadeusz Świętochowski , born 1934 ) is a Polish historian and Caucasologist .
Edward Ponsonby , 8th Earl of Bessborough KP CB CVO ( 1 March 1851 -- 1 December 1920 ) was a British peer .
Luigi Contratto ( 1892 - -1984 ) was an Italian soldier who , during the World War I , received the honour of Knight of Vittorio Veneto from King Victor Emmanuel III of Italy in person .
Manuel Maria Sarmento Rodrigues ( 1899 - 1979 ) was a naval officer , colonist and professor .
Shanta Gandhi ( 20 December 1917 -- 6 May 2002 ) was an Indian theatre director , dancer and playwright .
Eve Graham ( born Evelyn May Beatson ; 19 April 1943 ) is a Scottish singer who found fame in the early 1970s with the pop group , The New Seekers .
Mike McGowan ( born 15 July 1947 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Celtic , Dumbarton and Hamilton .
Irwin Lachman ( born 1930 ) is a co - inventor of the catalytic converter .
Sir John Yonge , 1st Baronet ( 2 October 1603 -- 26 August 1663 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1642 and 1660 .
Timothy Hutchings ( born 1974 ) is an American visual artist living and working in New York City .
Eimbert Timmermans ( born 24 October 1961 ) is a retired Dutch sidecarcross rider and double World Champion .
Eric Goode ( born 1957 ) is an American conservationist , naturalist , and entrepreneur .
Ali Jaber ( born 1961 ) is a Lebanese journalist , media consultant , TV personality and the Group TV Director of MBC , the Arab world 's largest satellite broadcaster .
Yogbir Singh Kansakar ( Devanagari : योगवीरसिं कंसकार ) ( alternative name : Jogbir Singh Kansakar ) ( 16 April 1885 - 29 March 1942 ) was a Nepalese poet , social reformer and one of the Four Pillars of Nepal Bhasa .
Seppo Vilderson ( born 7 February 1963 ) is a retired Estonian professional football ( soccer ) player .
Nagendra Karri ( born 28 November 1982 ) is a Hollywood film director , Screenwriter and Producer .
William Burdon ( 1764 - -1818 ) was an English academic , mineowner and writer .
Robert Arnott Wilson ( born 1958 ) is a mathematician in London , England , who is best known for his work on classifying the maximal subgroups of finite simple groups and for the work in the Monster group .
Poon Chi - fai , JP ( born 6 December 1951 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong and Kwun Tong District Board .
Nadong Bhutia ( born 25 November 1993 ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a Striker or Winger for Atletico de Kolkata in the Indian Super League .
Brian Glubok ( born 1959 ) is a professional American bridge player .
Rolf Solem ( 8 November 1917 -- 13 February 2011 ) was a Norwegian jurist , urban district court judge and police chief .
Agostino Nifo ( or Augustini Niphi or Niphas ; Latinized as Agustinus Niphus or Augustinus Niphus ; c. 1473 - -1538 or 1545 ) was an Italian philosopher and commentator .
Atarah Ben - Tovim , MBE ( born 1940 ) is a British flautist and children 's concert presenter .
Nicole Allmann ( born 14 February 1975 ) is an Austrian actress , comedienne , model and writer .
Juan Quero Barraso ( born 17 October 1984 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Maltese club Birkirkara F.C. as a winger .
Mike Dringenberg ( born c. 1965 ) is a German / American comic book artist best known for his work on DC Comics / Vertigo 's Sandman series with writer Neil Gaiman .
Tommy Høiland ( born 11 April 1989 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a striker who currently plays for Molde .
James B. Gibson ( born 1949 ) was the three - term mayor of Henderson , Nevada from 1997 to 2009 .
Povilas Vasiliauskas ( born 29 January 1953 ) is a Lithuanian politician , the president of Klaipeda Association of Industrialists , former mayor of Klaipėda .
Jake Ogden ( born 2 September 1975 , Northampton ) is a professional martial artist , actor , author and former professional rugby union and rugby league player .
Krystine Kryttre ( born 1958 ) is an American alternative comics artist , writer and performer from San Francisco .
Luciana Angiolillo ( born 22 December 1925 ) is an Italian former actress and model .
Marcos Rodríguez Pantoja ( born in Añora on 7 June 1946 ) is a noted feral child .
Hunegnaw Mesfin ( born 31 January 1989 in Gojjam , Amhara Region ) is an Ethiopian long - distance runner who competes in cross country and track running events .
Mariya Ovechkina ( born 1991 ) is a beauty contest contestant who won the title of Miss Irkutsk in 2009 and participated in the Miss Russia 2010 contest .
Amber Rose Kandarian ( Ամբեր Ռոուզ Կանդարյան ; born 1982 ) is an Armenian - American filmmaker , founder of Impact International Pictures .
Theo Randall ( born 1967 ) is a British - born professional chef who specialises in Italian cuisine .
Philip Wharton , 3rd Baron Wharton ( 1555 - -1625 ) was an English peer of the Wharton barony .
Facino Cane da Casale ( 1360 -- May 1412 ) , born Bonifacio Cane , was an Italian condottiero .
Xi Xi ( Chinese : 西西 ; pinyin : Xī Xī , born 1938 ) is the pseudonym of the Chinese author and poet Zhang Yan ( Chinese : 張彥 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yàn ) .
Godwin Attram ( born 7 August 1980 ) is a Ghanaian footballer player who last played for Dhofar S.C.S.C. in the Omantel Professional League .
Nenad Savić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Савић ; born 28 January 1981 in SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Serbian - born Swiss footballer .
Björn Tom Fredrik Nordström , born on 5 January 1967 , is a Swedish musician and record producer .
Giuseppe Franchi ( 1731 -- 1806 ) was an Italian Neoclassical sculptor .
Sten Gunnar Bergh ( 20 March 1909 -- 25 January 1986 ) was a Swedish athlete who specialized in the shot put and discus throw .
Charlton Vicento ( born 19 January 1991 ) is a Curaçaoan footballer who plays as a winger for Eerste Divisie side Helmond Sport and the Curaçao national team .
Einar Busterud ( born 18 September 1953 ) is a Norwegian politician who since 2015 has been mayor of Hamar .
Miroslav Nemec ( born 26 September 1971 ) is a Slovak former football player and currently an assistant of the `` A '' Team Head Coach and Head Coach reserve Team of MŠK Žilina .
Leigh McMillan ( born 24 October 1980 ) is a British sailor who competed in the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics .
Qamar Zaman Kaira ( Urdu : قمر زمان کائرہ‎ ; 5 January 1960 ) was the minister of information and mass - media broadcasting in the Government of Pakistan , formerly led by Yousaf Raza Gillani .
Vojislav Jakic ( born 1932 in Macedonia and died 2003 in Serbia ) was a Serbian artist known for producing large , minutely detailed tapestries depicting nightmarish visions of death , insects , and human insides .
Dávid Tóth ( born 21 February 1985 ) is a Hungarian canoer .
Adel Al - Hussain ( Arabic : عادل الحسين ) is a Saudi writer born on 24 August 1963 .
Kamoya Kimeu , ( born c. 1940 ) is one of the world 's most successful fossil collectors who , together with paleontologists Meave Leakey and Richard Leakey , is responsible for some of the most significant paleoanthropological discoveries .
Professor Wendy Savage ( born 12 April 1935 in Surrey ) is a British gynaecologist , and advocate and campaigner of women 's rights in childbirth and fertility .
Dirk Bellemakers ( born 19 January 1984 ) is a Dutch former professional road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2008 and 2013 .
Paulão ( literally Elder Paulo ) real name Paulo Frederico Benevenute , also known as Paulão Desmaio ( born 26 December 1973 ) is a Brazilian footballer .
Alexander Tennant , born in Ochiltree , Ayrshire in 1772 , was a leading British colonist in the Cape Colony of the Cape of Good Hope , an enterprising merchant , a brother to industrialist Charles Tennant and a friend of Robbie Burns .
Allan Salisbury ( born 1949 ) , known professionally as Sols , is an Australian cartoonist , best known for his newspaper comic Snake Tales .
Masahide Kanzaki ( born in Suzuka , Mie , Japan in 1960 ) is a Semantic Web advocate , university lecturer and author of some web related books .
Andrea Mengoni ( born 16 September 1983 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Ascoli in Serie B. Mengoni had played for Italian lower divisions in his entire career .
Alice Gibson ( born 3 September 1923 ) is a former Chief Librarian from Belize , who has been active in development of the country 's library system .
Adrian Vlas ( born 12 January 1982 in Constanţa ) is a Romanian football player currently unemployed .
Elim Chew ( born 1965 ) is the founder of the street wear brand , 77th Street .
Colin Meredith ( born 24 January 1953 ) is a British former motorcycle speedway rider who later became a team manager and track curator .
Cecil Jackson - Cole ( Albert Cecil Cole ; 1 November 1901 -- 9 August 1979 ) was an English entrepreneur and humanitarian .
Hafed Al Droubi ( born 30 March 1995 ) is an English footballer who plays as a Goalkeeper for Manchester 62 in the Gibraltar Premier Division .
Marina Aitova , née Korzhova ( born 13 September 1982 ) is a Kazakhstani high jumper .
Dener Gomes Clemente , nicknamed Dener , ( born 13 March 1992 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for Portimonense , as an attacking midfielder .
Maria Krasiltseva ( born 16 November 1981 ) is a former pair skater who competed with Alexander Chestnikh and Artem Znachkov for Armenia .
James M. Jenness ( born 1946 ) is the chairman of the board and former CEO of the Kellogg Company , succeeding Carlos Gutierrez after President George W. Bush nominated Gutierrez to become Secretary of Commerce on November 29 , 2004 .
Willem van der Hoeven ( born 11 May 1944 in Breda ) is a Dutch former manager , former CEO and former chairman of Dutch Eredivisie club NAC Breda .
Sir Rupert Magarey FRCS ( 21 February 1914 -- 1990 ) was an Australian medical practitioner and surgeon .
Carlo Armellini ( 1777 - -1863 ) was an Italian politician , activist and jurist .
Leonard John Rose ( 1827 - May 17 , 1899 ) was a California pioneer and politician who served in the California State Senate .
Roy McEachen ( 7 June 1913 -- 22 December 1937 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Martin Fowler ( born 1963 ) is a British software engineer , author and international public speaker on software development , specializing in object - oriented analysis and design , UML , patterns , and agile software development methodologies , including extreme programming .
Mahan Esfahani ( Persian : ماهان اصفهانی ) ( born 1984 in Tehran ) is an Iranian - American harpsichordist .
Tukul Arwana ( born 16 October 1963 ) is an Indonesian comedian who hosts the Bukan Empat Mata chatshow on Trans 7 and the New Famili 100 quiz show on Indosiar .
Fernando Niembro ( born 7 December 1947 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine sports journalist and announcer .
Jan - Paul Brekke ( born 19 March 1966 ) is a Norwegian sociologist and comedian .
Deyan Hristov ( Bulgarian : Деян Христов ; born 28 February 1983 ) is a Bulgarian football player , who last played as a striker for Vereya .
Bruno Bräuer ( 4 February 1893 -- 20 May 1947 ) was a German paratrooper from Willmannsdorf , Prussian Silesia .
Dixon Hearne ( born 1948 ) is an American educator and writer of fiction , nonfiction , and poetry .
Uguccione della Faggiuola ( c. 1250 -- 1 November 1319 ) was an Italian condottiero , and chief magistrate of Pisa , Lucca and Forlì ( from 1297 ) .
Nathan Abbott ( 1854 -- January 4 , 1941 ) was an American lawyer and law teacher of distinction .
Marie Guilleray ( born August 1978 ) is a vocal performer , improviser and composer currently based in The Hague , Netherlands .
David Beal ( born 17 July 1966 ) played first - class and List A cricket for Somerset in the 1991 season .
John Harmon Charles Bonté ( 1831 - -1896 ) was a lawyer , Episcopal priest , and Secretary of the Board of Regents of the University of California from 1881 - 1896 .
Giuseppe Milone ( born 27 December 1949 ) is a retired sailor from Italy .
Miklós Villányi ( born 1931 ) is a former Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Finance between 1987 and 1989 .
Chic Henry , born Anthony Robert Henry ( 15 December 1946 ) , is a car enthusiast and the founder of the Summernats motor festival in Canberra .
Mary Macmaster ( born 22 November 1955 , Glasgow , Scotland ) is a Scottish harpist , performing with The Poozies and the duo Sileas .
David Petel ( Hebrew : דוד פתל‎ , born 6 September 1921 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai and its successors from 1959 until 1969 .
Preston Campbell , ( born 7 June 1977 in Inverell , New South Wales ) is an Indigenous Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played for the Gold Coast Titans of the National Rugby League .
Otto Ziege ( 14 June 1926 -- 8 November 2014 ) was a former German racing cyclist .
Ali Fallahian , ( Persian : علی فلاحیان‎‎ pronunciation , born 1945 ) is an Iranian politician and cleric .
Jim Pocklington ( born 18 September 1963 in Romford ) is a British racing driver who formerly ( 2007 ) drove a BMW 320I in the British Touring Car Championship , which is Britain 's most popular national motor racing series .
Hugh Christian Watkins FRCP ( born 7 June 1959 ) is a British cardiologist .
Christodoulos Neophytou ( Greek : Χριστόδουλος Νεοφύτου , born 29 May 1950 ) is a Cypriot economist who was born in Famagusta and now lives in London UK .
Born in England in 1933 , Michael Randle spent the years of the Second World War with relatives in Ireland .
Theophilus of Edessa ( 695 - -785 CE ) , also known as Theophilus ibn Tuma and Thawafil , was a Greek medieval astrologer and scholar in Mesopotamia .
Pandit Samta Prasad ( 20 July 1921 -- 1994 ) was an Indian classical musician and tabla player from the Benares gharana .
Katie Glass ( born in 1943 ) is a retired professional wrestler , better known by her ring name `` Diamond Lil '' .
Gathania Holmgren , known professionally as Gathania ( born 1 August 1986 , Stockholm ) , is a Swedish pop singer who competed on Idol 2007 , the fourth season of Swedish Idol .
Mahanth Yogi Adityanath ( born Ajay Singh ; 5 June 1972 ) is an Indian politician and a priest .
Wang Guangli ( Chinese : 王光利 ) ( born November 1966 ) , nicknamed `` King Death '' is a film director .
Poppy Lee Friar ( born 16 April 1995 ) is a British actress , best known for her roles in the television shows Eve as Eve , Little Einsteins as June and Dead Gorgeous as Sophie .
Kjartan Salvesen ( born 17 October 1976 in Sandnes ) is the winner of the second season of Norwegian version of Idol by 840.000 votes , the highest number for any participant on the show .
Gladys Campbell ( February 1892 -- July 1 , 1992 ) was a poet and teacher in Chicago .
Maria Corsini , or Maria Corsini - Beltrame Quattrocchi ( 24 June 1884 -- 26 August 1965 ) was an Italian writer and Roman Catholic lay person .
Nicholas Wisdom ( born 18 March 1953 ) is a former English cricketer , turned businessman .
Gebhard Fürst ( born 2 December 1948 in Bietigheim , Baden - Württemberg ) is the Bishop of Rottenburg - Stuttgart .
Jane Ellen Usher ( born 1917 ) is a Belizean who is the longest running Chief Executive Officer in the country .
Gyula Márfi ( born 17 December 1943 ) is a Hungarian prelate , archbishop of Veszprém since 1997 .
José Mauricio Rodríguez Múnera ( born 5 March 1958 ) was Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom .
Jasna Gospić ( born 1961 , Sarajevo ) is Bosnia and Herzegovina singer .
Simon Townshend ( /ˈtaʊnzənd/ ; born 10 October 1960 ) is a British guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Roberto G. Fernández ( born 24 September 1951 ) is a Cuban American novelist and short story writer .
Laika ( Russian : Лайка ; c. 1954 -- November 3 , 1957 ) was a Soviet space dog who became one of the first animals in space , and the first animal to orbit the Earth .
James Lofthouse ( born 24 March 1894 , date of death unknown ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Sheffield Wednesday , Rotherham County , Bristol Rovers and Queens Park Rangers .
Hojatoleslam Seyyed Ali Akbar Aboutorabi Fard ( 1939 -- June 2 , 2000 ) was an Iranian revolutionary .
David Lawrence Bryce FRSE ( 1852 - 1834 ) was a Scottish marine zoologist and specialist in Rotifera .
Tom Birdseye ( born Thomas Birdseye , 1951 ) is an American children 's author .
Pretty Nose ( c. 1851 -- after 1952 ) was an Arapaho woman war chief who participated in the Battle of the Little Bighorn in 1876 .
Karoline Nemetz ( married name : Ettemark ; born 28 June 1958 ) is a Swedish former middle- and long - distance runner .
Guilly d'Herbemont ( born c. 1888 , date of death unknown ) was the inventor of the white cane for blind people .
Martin Pušić ( born 24 October 1987 ) is an Austrian footballer of Bosnian origin who currently plays as a striker for FC Midtjylland in the Danish Superliga .
John Heslin ( born 27 June 1992 ) is a Gaelic footballer for Westmeath and Australian rules footballer for the Irish Warriors .
Iya Abubakar ( born 14 December 1934 ) is a Nigerian mathematician and politician who held multiple cabinet level appointments ( Minister of Defence and Minister of Internal Affairs ) during the during the Nigerian Second Republic , and Senator for Adamawa North from May 1999 to May 2007 .
Joseph Stanislaus Hansom , FRIBA ( 1845 - 1931 ) was a British architect .
Alan Hess ( born 1952 ) is an American architect , author , lecturer and advocate for twentieth - century architectural preservation .
Francis Macnab ( born 21 June 1931 ) is the executive minister of St Michael 's Uniting Church , a congregation of the Uniting Church in Australia in Collins Street , Melbourne , Australia .
Zona Jones ( born 1963 in Corpus Christi , Texas ; raised in Valentine , Texas ) is an American country music singer and attorney .
Sagarika ( born Sagarika Mukherjee on 4 September 1970 ) is an Indian singer and actress .
Alison Sim ( born 1961 ) is an English historian and writer , specialising in the Tudor period .
İlhan Mansız ( born 10 August 1975 , Germany ) is a German - born Turkish former football player and current competing figure skater of Crimean Tatar origin .
Jared Deacon ( born 15 October 1975 ) is a British former sprint athlete who specialised in the 400 metres .
Meng Zhaojuan ( Chinese : 孟昭娟 , born 14 December 1989 ) is a road and track cyclist representing Hong Kong .
Susan Palwick ( born 1961 in New York ) is an American writer and associate professor of English at the University of Nevada , Reno .
Michael John Brenan , O.M.C. ( 1780 -- 1847 ) , was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and a scholar of Church history , who gained notoriety through his temporary apostasy from the Catholic Church to the Church of Ireland .
Annabella Lwin ( born 31 October 1966 ) is an Anglo - Burmese singer , songwriter , and record producer best known as the lead singer of Bow Wow Wow .
Farhan Akhtar ( born 9 January 1974 ) is an Indian film director , screenwriter , producer , actor , playback singer , lyricist and television host .
Joseph M. Puthussery ( born 28 April 1959 ) is a senior leader of the Kerala Congress ( Mani ) , a splinter faction of Kerala Congress .
Jerker Porath , ( 23 October 1921 -- 21 January 2016 ) was a Swedish biochemist who invented several separation methods for biomolecules .
Hafız Süleymanoğlu ( born 1967 in Sumqayıt , Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic ) , formerly known as Hafız Süleymanov , is a retired Turkish weightlifter of Azerbaijani origin competing in bantamweight and featherweight divisions .
Jonny Clarke , ( born 6 June 1992 ) is an English actor .
Jan Raas ( born 8 November 1952 ) is a Dutch former professional cyclist whose 115 wins include the 1979 World Road Race Championship in Valkenburg , he also won the Tour of Flanders in 1979 and 1983 , Paris--
Nayana Fernando ( full name Palamandadige Nayana Priyanjana Fernando ; born 14 October 1988 ) in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is a Sri Lankan cricketer .
Panče Georgievski ( born 29 June 1973 ) is a retired Macedonian footballer who made his career in Macedonia , Slovenia , Serbia and Portugal .
Dominik Henzel ( born 7 July 1964 ) is a Czech - born Swedish actor and comedian .
Tine van der Maas ( born 15 March 1954 ) is an Argentine - born South African nutritionist and alleged HIV / AIDS denialist .
Marina Svetlova ( real name is Yvette von Hartmann ; 3 May 1922 -- 11 February 2009 ) was a French and American ballerina and ballet instructor .
Robert Wilson Patterson ( 1850 - -1910 ) was an American newspaper editor and publisher .
Hmida Ennaifer or H'mida Ennaïfar ( born 1942 ) is a Tunisian scholar and theologian .
Marcel Žigante ( born in 1929 in Sušak , Kingdom of Yugoslavia , today Rijeka ) is a former Croatian and Bosnian football player and manager .
Darryl S. Inaba , PharmD. , was born June 16 , 1946 in Denver , Colorado .
Rudi Leavor ( born 31 May 1926 , Berlin , Germany ) is a Jewish community leader in Bradford , West Yorkshire .
Born at New Ross , County Wexford , 5 February 1772 , he was son of Humphrey Lloyd , himself the son of the Rev. Bartholomew Lloyd of the Abbey House of New Ross .
Roberto Manzin ( born 8 July 1966 ) is a London - based alto , tenor and soprano saxophones , clarinet , EWI , piano player and composer .
Edward N. Peters , JD , JCD , Ref . Sig . Ap . ( 1957 ) is an American canonist and Referendary of the Apostolic Signatura ( an advisor / consultant to the Holy See 's top tribunal ) .
Dale Boone ( born 1966 ) is an American competitive eater who holds several records for , among others , devouring pelmeni and hot dogs .
Adam Chatfield ( born 22 June 1979 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Australian Football League .
Bill Stukus ( b. 1916 in Toronto , Ontario - d. July 1 , 2003 ) was an award winning , all - star and Grey Cup champion Canadian football quarterback .
Sir Thomas Gascoigne , 2nd Baronet ( 1596 - -1686 ) was an English Baronet , member of the Gascoigne family and survivor of the Popish Plot .
Sian Reese - Williams ( born 18 November 1981 ) is a Welsh theatre and television actress and singer , best known for playing Genesis Walker in Emmerdale .
Ross Westgate ( born 1967 ) is an English financial journalist and businessman .
Sir Thomas Salisbury ( or Salusbury ) ( 1564 -- September 20 , 1586 ) was one of the conspirators executed for his involvement in the Babington Plot .
Laldenga was born on 11 June 1927 in village Pukpui in the Mizo district of Assam ( now in the Lunglei district of Mizoram ) .
Simon McCaffery ( born 1963 ) is an American author of speculative fiction .
Steven Lubin ( born 1942 in Brooklyn ) is an American pianist and musical scholar .
Vibhut Shah ( born 1933 ) is a contemporary Gujarati novelist , playwright and short - story writer .
Sir John Lambert , 1st Baronet ( 1666 -- 4 February 1723 ) of London , was a French - born English merchant .
Charles Wilhelm Thesen ( 14 November 1856 -- 1 February 1940 ) was a Norwegian - born shipowner and timber merchant who played a leading role in the public affairs of the South African town of Knysna .
Edibe Şahin ( born 1960 in Nazımiye , Tunceli , Turkey ) is mayor of the municipality of Tunceli ( Mamekiye ) , the capital of Tunceli Province in Eastern Anatolia , of the Peace and Democracy Party ( BDP ) .
Marc Hostert ( born 18 July 1965 ) is an official of the Government of Luxembourg who is working at the European Court of Auditors .
Judith Richards Hope ( born November 1940 ) is a lawyer , law professor , and corporate director .
Matthew J. Baek ( born 25 November 1971 ) is a Korean - American illustrator , children 's book author , and graphic designer working as a government contractor for USAID .
Izhar Nevo ( Hebrew : יזהר נבו‎ , born 1972 ) is the first and only contestant who has ever won the Israeli version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire ? , Mi rotseh lehyot milyoner ? .
Dmitry Beliakov is a Russian photojournalist , born in 1970 , in the Vologda region , in Northwestern Russia .
William John Paskin , known as John Paskin ( born 1 February 1962 ) is a South African former professional footballer who made 164 appearances in the Football League playing for West Bromwich Albion , Wolverhampton Wanderers , Stockport County , Birmingham City , Shrewsbury Town , Wrexham and Bury .
Robbie Winters ( born 4 November 1974 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays for junior club Pollok .
David W. Thompson ( born 1954 ) is an American space entrepreneur and President and Chief Executive Officer of Orbital ATK Inc. in Dulles , Virginia .
Hilde Marstrander ( born 8 December 1969 ) is a Norwegian artist , illustrator and fashion journalist .
Daniel Radosh ( born 23 March 1969 ) is an American journalist and blogger .
Isaac Daniel Hooson ( 2 September 1880 -- 18 October 1948 ) , or I. D. Hooson as he was commonly known , solicitor and poet was born in Victoria House , Market St. in the village of Rhosllannerchrugog , Denbighshire , Wales .
Liu Yizhi ( 劉禕之 ) ( 631 -- June 22 , 687 ) , courtesy name Ximei ( 希美 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as chancellor during the first reign of Emperor Ruizong .
Jamie Tinkler is an English singer and songwriter born in Linthorpe , Middlesbrough , England in 1981 .
Sten Lassmann ( born 26 mai 1982 ) is an Estonian pianist trained at the Tallinn Music High School , the Estonian Academy of Music , the Conservatoire de Paris and the Royal Academy of Music best known for his work on Heino Eller 's music .
Napoleon Perdis ( born 19 March 1970 ) is an Australian makeup artist and businessman from Sydney .
Robert Foster Charles Conners ( December 12 , 1933 -- November 23 , 2014 ) , known professionally as Bob Conners , was an American radio personality on Columbus , Ohio 's AM radio station 610 WTVN .
Peter Paliatka ( * 1952 , Handlová , Slovakia ) is Slovak designer , sculptor and university pedagogue .
Gustaaf Van Slembrouck ( 25 March 1902 , Oostende - 7 July 1968 , Oostende ) was a Belgian professional cyclist from 1926 to 1934 , nicknamed ' Den Staf ' .
Charles Frederick Gale ( 26 November 1860 -- 24 September 1928 ) was a senior Australian civil servant , Chief Inspector of Fisheries in Perth and Chief Protector of Aborigines in Western Australia .
Kjell Hallbing ( 5 November 1934 in Bærum -- 6 May 2004 in Tønsberg ) was a Norwegian author of Western books .
P. T. Chacko was born on 9 April 1915 to Thomas Puthiaparampil Pullolil and Annamma Thomas OTTAPLAKAL at Chirakkadavu in erstwhile Travancore .
Peter Singleton Wilkes ( 1827 -- January 2 , 1900 ) was a prominent Confederate politician who served in the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War .
Mohamed Karim Meliani ( born 3 September 1987 ) is an Algerian - French footballer who currently plays for MO Béjaïa in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Dickson Huru ( born 10 September 1990 ) is a Ugandan long - distance runner who competes in cross country running competitions .
Philip Grosser ( 1890 in Slavuta -- October 3 , 1933 in Boston ) was an anarchist and anti - militarist hailed by Alexander Berkman as `` one of ( my ) finest comrades '' .
Eve Risser ( born 1982 ) is a French jazz and improvised music performer , composer and arranger .
Keiji Shirahata ( 白幡圭史 Shirahata Keiji ) ( born 8 October 1973 ) is a retired Japanese speed skater .
Danijel Demšar ( born 8 May 1954 ) is a Slovene painter and illustrator of children 's books .
Michael Roeger ( born 14 May 1988 ) is an Australian T46 athletics competitor .
Darko Jozinović ( born 15 August 1970 ) is a retired Croatian footballer who is last played for NK Radnik Sesvete .
Tiago Treichel Moraes da Silva known as Tiago Treichel or just Tiago ( born 8 September 1984 ) is a Brazilian footballer
Maria Kitkarska ( born 13 July , 1995 in Bulgaria ) is a rhythmic gymnast competing for Canada .
George Alan Garton FRS ( 4 June 1922 in Scarborough , Yorkshire -- 13 May 2010 ) was a British biochemist , and Head of the Lipid Biochemistry Department , at the Rowett Research Institute , now part of the University of Aberdeen .
Rolf Bock ( born 5 February 1937 ) is a retired German football manager who managed Borussia Dortmund and Rot - Weiss Essen .
Antonio Baratti ( 1724 , Belluno - 1787 , Venice ) , was an Italian engraver , etcher and printmaker .
Natascha Trofimowa ( 1923 - -1979 ) was a German prima ballerina with the Berlin State Opera and latterly with the Bavarian State Opera in Munich .
Martino Longhi the Elder ( 1534 - -1591 ) was an Italian architect , the father of Onorio Longhi and the grandfather of Martino Longhi the Younger .
Li Xiucheng ( Chinese : 李秀成 ; pinyin : Lǐ Xiùchéng ; 1823 -- August 7 , 1864 ) was a military commander during the Taiping Rebellion .
Fritz Schollmeyer ( born 19 June 1922 ) is a former German football manager .
Lucius Valerius Messalla Thrasea Priscus ( c. 156 -- c. 212 ) was a Roman senator who was appointed consul in AD 196 .
Robert Kenneth Maguire ( 31 March 1923 -- 14 October 2000 ) was the 8th Anglican Bishop of Montreal for twelve years .
Antoni Martí Petit ( born 10 November 1963 ) is an Andorran architect and politician who has been the country 's head of government since 11 May 2011 , following a parliamentary election in 2011 .
Aleksandr Gennadyevich Romanov ( Russian : Александр Геннадьевич Романов ; born 9 March 1990 ) is a Russian professional football player .
Rohan Pradeep Kumara ( born 10 March 1975 ) is Sri Lankan athlete who competed in the Men 's 400 meters at the 2004 Summer Olympic Games , and did not pass the first round .
Falko Steinbach ( born 30 September 1957 in Aachen , Germany ) is a German / American pianist , composer and piano pedagogue .
David Alleyne ( born 17 April 1976 , York ) is an English cricketer .
Michael Moncrieff ( born 19 August 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for Hawthorn in the VFL during the 1970s and early 80s .
Norbert Trandafir ( born 8 February 1988 in Târgu Mureş ) is a Romanian swimmer of Hungarian descent .
Jamie Merillo ( born 27 November 1972 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the Fremantle Dockers between 1995 and 1997 .
Māris Poikāns ( born 11 November 1962 , Vidriži ) is a Latvian bobsledder who competed from the mid-1980s to the early 1990s for Soviet Union .
Dave Willey ( born 1963 ) is an American experimental musician and composer , best known as the co - founder and member of the Boulder , Colorado - based avant - rock group Hamster Theatre .
Payne Fisher ( 1616 - -1693 ) was an English poet .
Dmitry Kozak was born on 7 November 1958 in the village of Bandurovo , in the Kirovograd region of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic ( part of the USSR ) .
Anita Weyermann ( born 8 December 1977 in Wynigen ) is a Swiss former middle- and long - distance runner .
Ólöf Arnalds ( born 4 January 1980 ) is an Icelandic singer / songwriter and indie musician who has been active within the Icelandic music scene since the early 2000s .
Christiane Krause ( born 14 December 1950 ) is a German athlete who competed mainly in the 100 metres .
Shiba Sonome ( 1664 - -1726 , 斯波 園女 ) was a Japanese zen poet .
Louis DiNapoli ( born 1938 ) is a New York City mobster and soldier in the Genovese crime family .
Tony Browne ( born 1 July 1973 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing - back for the Waterford senior team from 1991 until his retirement from inter - county hurling in 2014 .
Charles Herbert Kitson ( 13 November 1874 -- 13 May 1944 ) was an English organist , teacher , and music educator , author of several books on harmony and counterpoint .
Steven Neil Evans ( born 12 August 1960 , Orange , Australia ) is an Australian - American statistician and mathematician , specializing in stochastic processes .
Aravind Enrique Adyanthaya ( born 1965 ) is a Puerto Rican writer , performer , and theater director .
Sir Hercules Underhill ( 1581 - -1658 ) was the son of William Underhill of Warwickshire , owner of New Place in Stratford - Upon - Avon .
Venus Xtravaganza ( May 22 , 1965 -- December 21 , 1988 ) was an American transgender performer .
Müslüm Doğan ( born 15 October 1959 ) is a Turkish politician who served as the Minister of Development in the interim election government formed by Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu on 28 August 2015 .
Elisabeth Wiedemann ( 8 April 1926 -- 27 May 2015 ) was a German actress and best known for her role as Else Tetzlaff in Ein Herz und eine Seele .
Antonina Lebedeva ( Russian : Антонина Васильевна Лебедева ) ( 1916 - -1943 ) was Soviet aviator and Lieutenant who was killed in action during World War II .
Steven R. Schuit ( born Haarlem , 9 October 1942 ) is a Dutch law professor and a former practicing lawyer at Allen & Overy .
Nikola Filchev Borisov ( Bulgarian : Никола Филчев Борисов ) ( born 25 July 1948 ) is a Bulgarian jurist who served as the chief prosecutor of Bulgaria from 1999 to 2006 .
Arshad Warsi ( born 19 April 1968 ) is an Indian film actor , choreographer and a dancer .
Joan Roughgarden ( born Jonathan Roughgarden on 13 March 1946 ) is an American ecologist and evolutionary biologist .
Harry Peccinotti ( also known as Harri Peccinotti ) ( born 1935 ) is an English photographer , best known for his erotic work , most famously two Pirelli Calendars published in 1968 and 1969 .
Dr. Yosef Vanunu ( Hebrew : יוסף ונונו‎ , born 7 August 1945 ) is an Israeli economist and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party from 1992 until 1996 .
John Bramblitt ( born 1971 ) is a blind painter of American origin .
Andreas Fransson ( 15 April 1983 -- 29 September 2014 ) was a Swedish extreme skier perhaps best known for his having made descents of the hitherto un - skied specific faces of mountains .
Annamária Ilyés ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɒnːɒmaːriɒ ˈijeːʃ ) ; born 9 July 1980 ) is a Hungarian - Romanian international handballer who plays for German top division club SG BBM Bietigheim .
David Piper ( born 2 December 1930 ) is a British former Formula One and sports car racing driver from England .
David Zauner ( born 9 April 1985 ) is an Austrian ski jumper and former nordic combined skier .
Mugison ( or Örn Elías Guðmundsson ) ( born 4 September 1976 in Reykjavík ) is an Icelandic musician .
Monja Jaona ( 1910 - 1994 ) was a Malagasy politician and early nationalist who significantly drove political events on the island during his lifetime .
Ken - Marti Vaher ( born 5 September 1974 ) is a leading member of the Estonian Pro Patria and Res Publica Union party .
Fu Xiaoguang ( simplified Chinese : 付晓光 ; traditional Chinese : 付曉光 ; pinyin : Fù Xiǎoguāng ; born February 1952 ) is a Chinese politician from Heilongjiang province .
Lionel Abrahams ( 11 April 1928 -- 31 May 2004 ) was a South African novelist , poet , editor , critic , essayist and publisher .
Murat Topal ( born 5 April 1976 ) is a Turkish - Austrian futsal player .
Martin V. Biscailuz ( 1861 - -99 ) was a prominent attorney in 19th century Los Angeles , California , and a member of the Los Angeles Common Council .
Wiebke von Carolsfeld ( born 1966 ) is a German - Canadian film director and editor .
Marcel Oster ( born 1989 ) is a German luger who has been competing since 2008 .
Dansranbilegiin Dogsom ( Mongolian : Дансранбилэгийн Догсом , 1884 - July 27 , 1941 ) was a prominent Mongolian revolutionary leader and post - Revolution political figure in Mongolian People 's Republic .
Mohamad Al - Garni ( born 2 July 1992 ) is a Moroccan - born Qatari middle - distance runner .
Annituuli Kasurinen ( born 27 April 1991 ) is a Finnish voice actress .
Nour Eissa Meer Abdulrahman ( born 16 July 1967 ) , is a retired Emirati footballer who played as a right back for the UAE national football team and Sharjah FC .
Batiste Madalena ( 1902 - -1988 ) was an American commercial artist best known for the original advertisements he created for the Eastman Theatre in Rochester , NY from 1924 - 1928 .
Hugh Denis Macrossan ( 20 February 1881 -- 23 June 1940 ) was a politician and judge in Queensland , a State of Australia .
Harvey O'Connor was born March 29 , 1898 in Minneapolis , Minnesota , the son of a railway cook .
Lü Peng ( Chinese : 吕鹏 ; Chinese : 呂鵬 ; pinyin : Lǚ Péng ; born 28 October 1989 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Beijing BG in the China League One .
Vijay Singh , CF ( Hindi : विजय सिंह , IPA : ( ˈʋɪdʒəj sɪ̃ɦ ) ; born 22 February 1963 ) , nicknamed `` The Big Fijian '' , is a Fijian professional golfer who was Number 1 in the Official World Golf Ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005 .
Dr Leanne Armand ( born 20 February 1968 ) is a marine scientist and an expert in the identification of diatoms in the Southern Ocean .
Liu Jiayi ( Chinese : 刘家义 ; pinyin : Liú Jiāyì ; born August 1955 ) is the current auditor general of the National Audit Office of the People 's Republic of China .
Noel Hodda ( born in 1954 in Albury , New South Wales ) is an Australian actor , writer , dramaturge , director and teacher .
Amberlife ( born Edgaras Lubys on 17 August 1983 in Klaipėda ) is a popular Lithuanian musician and songwriter .
Arvind S. Nadkarni ( 1931 -- May 20 , 2008 ) was a Kannada poet from Andheri , who was awarded the Karnataka Sahitya Akademi for his work ' Atma Bharath ' .
Jean Berko Gleason ( born 1931 ) is a professor emerita in the Department of Psychological and Brain Sciences ( formerly the Department of Psychology ) at Boston University , a psycholinguist who has made fundamental contributions to the understanding of language acquisition in children , aphasia , gender differences in language development , and parentchild interactions .
Ali al - Jarrah ( Arabic : علي الجراح , ʿAlī al - Jarrāh ; born 1958 ) is a Lebanese man who was accused of spying for Israel for 25 years .
Christian Noel Emmanuel ( born 25 December 1960 ) is a Sri Lankan Tamil priest and the current Roman Catholic Bishop of Trincomalee .
Sara Houghteling ( born 1977 ) is an American novelist and educator .
Edward O'Neill , 2nd Baron O'Neill ( 31 December 1839 -- 19 November 1928 ) , known as Edward Chichester until 1855 , was an Irish peer and Conservative politician .
Victor Bangert ( born 28 November 1950 , Osnabrück ) is Professor of Mathematics at the Mathematisches Institut in Freiburg , Germany .
Niall Johnson ( born in 1965 ) is an English screenwriter and film director .
Win Chadha ( born 1924 , d. 2001 ) was one of the primary figures in the Rs 640 million Bofors scandal .
Elliot Ruiz ( born 1985 ) is an American film actor and a former U.S. Marine .
Will Gay Bottje ( born 30 June 1925 , Grand Rapids , Michigan ) is an American composer who is known for his contributions to electronic music .
Denise O'Donoghue OBE ( born 13 April 1955 , Wembley ) is a British television production company executive .
Dina Abramowicz ( 1909 - 2000 ) was a librarian at YIVO and a Yiddish language expert .
Richard Joyce ( c. 1660 -- c. 1737 ) was an Irish goldsmith .
Rui Pedro Silva ( born 6 May 1981 in Santo Tirso ) is a Portuguese track and field athlete specialized in long distance and cross country running .
Shona Morgan ( born 1 September 1990 ) is an Australian gymnast , training at the Waverley Gymnastics Centre in Victoria under John Hart and Shaoyi Jiang .
Evan Seys ( alternates : Yevan or Ievan ) ( 1604 - -1685 ) was an eminent lawyer of his day who rose to national office under Oliver Cromwell as Attorney General , and served as a member of parliament after the Restoration .
Rafi Ahmed Mir ( born 1956 ) is a veteran politician and the General Secretary of ruling People 's Deomcratic Party . Belonging to a big political family Rafi Ahmed Mir son of ex - MLC , MLA late G.A Mir who worked with Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah .
Menina Fortunato ( born 28 November 1980 ) is a Canadian actress , dancer , choreographer , and model .
Enoch Crosby ( 1750 - -1835 ) was an American soldier and spy during the Revolutionary War .
Travis McGowan ( born 13 January 1981 in Mildura , Victoria ) is an Australian speedway rider .
Gerald Okamura ( born 1940 ) is an American theatrical martial artist .
Alexander Fleck , 1st Baron Fleck FRS KBE ( 11 November 1889 -- 6 August 1968 ) was a British industrial chemist .
Stephen Barton ( born 17 September 1982 ) is a British film and video game composer who has lived and worked in Los Angeles since 2001 .
Abdulaziz bin Mohieddin Khoja ( born 1940 ) is the former Saudi ambassador and he served as the minister of culture and information between 2009 and 2014 .
Klara Zimmergren ( born February 16 , 1967 ) is a Swedish comedian and radio talk show host on Swedish Radio P3 and since 2007 she has appeared on the SVT comedy show Mia och Klara along with Mia Skäringer .
Francisco Cepeda ( Zepeda , Zepedas ) ( born in the province of La Mancha , Spain , 1532 ; died at Guatemala , 1602 ) was a Spanish Dominican missionary .
Remo Remotti ( 16 November 1924 -- 21 June 2015 ) was an Italian actor , playwright , artist and poet .
Randi Lunnan ( born 1963 ) is a Norwegian organizational theorist , and Professor at the Department of Strategy of the BI Norwegian Business School , known for her work on international strategic alliances and management of international corporations .
Sam M. Fleming ( 1908 - -2000 ) was an American banker , chief executive and philanthropist .
José Nogueras ( 1951 , Mayagüez ) is a composer , singer , guitarist , and performer of modern - day typical Puerto Rican music .
Norodom Chakrapong ( born 21 October 1945 ) is a Cambodian prince , politician , military commander and businessman .
Ramgopal Ghosh ( Bengali : রামগোপাল ঘোষ ) ( 1815 - -1868 ) was an Indian businessman , social reformer , orator and one of the leaders of the Young Bengal group .
Mateo Hrvatin ( born 15 August 1980 in Rijeka ) is a Croatian handballer , who plays as left half for RK Zagreb since 2008 .
Ernest Womersley ( born 28 August 1932 ) is a former professional footballer , who played for Huddersfield Town .
Arthur Eustace Morgan ( 26 July 1886 -- 3 February 1972 ) was the eighth Principal and Vice - Chancellor of McGill University .
Darryl Wakelin ( born 11 August 1974 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for St Kilda and Port Adelaide in the Australian Football League as a defender .
Rønnaug Kleiva ( born 30 November 1951 ) is a Norwegian poet , writer of short stories and author of children 's literature .
Iraneuton Sousa Morais Júnior ( born 22 July 1986 ) commonly known as Júnior Morais or Júnior Maranhão , is a Brazilian football player , currently under contract with Astra Giurgiu .
Sergio Esteban Vélez Peláez ( born 1983 ) is a Colombian ( of Spanish descent ) writer , professor and journalist .
Brian Horgan ( born 1976 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a right wing - back for the Tipperary senior hurling team .
Aimee Friedman ( born 1979 ) is the author of several young adult novels published by Scholastic Inc. , Point and S&S.
Hans Uwe Hielscher ( born 1945 ) is a German organist and composer , the organist and carilloneur at the Marktkirche in Wiesbaden since 1979 , internationally known as a concert organist .
Kristina Krepela ( born 4 September 1979 ) is a Croatian actress , the best known for playing in movies La Femme Musketeer and The Hunting Party and in telenovela Ne daj se , Nina , the Croatian version of Ugly Betty .
Erik Anker Steen ( 21 June 1892 -- 6 December 1972 ) was a Norwegian naval officer and historian .
Iris Barry ( 1895 -- 1969 ) was a film critic and curator .
Sonja Reichart ( 2 November 1964 ) is a German freestyle skier .
Jacobina Mentz Maurer ( born June 1841 or 1842 in Novo Hamburgo - August 2 , 1874 in Sapiranga ) was a Brazilian religious leader .
Francesco Berger ( 10 June 1834 -- 26 April 1933 ) was a pianist and composer .
Yutaka Yamaguchi 山口泰 ( born 11 December 1940 ) serves as a member of the Group of Thirty , an international body of leading financiers and academics .
Michael Abbensetts ( born 8 June 1938 ) is a Guyana - born British writer , who is considered by many `` the best Black playwright to emerge from his generation , and acknowledged as having given ' ' Caribbeans a real voice in Britain `` .
Daniel Berehulak ( born 1975 ) is an award winning Australian photographer and photojournalist .
Tan Lark Sye ( simplified Chinese : 陈六使 ; traditional Chinese : 陳六使 ; pinyin : Chén Lìushǐ ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tân La̍k - sái ; 1897 - 11 September 1972 ) was a prominent Chinese businessman and philanthropist active in Singapore in the 20th century .
Craig Covey ( born 1957 ) is an American politician who served as mayor of Ferndale , Michigan .
K. T. Francis , full name Kandiah Thirugnansampandapillai Francis ( 15 October 1939 -- 9 June 2013 ) was a Sri Lankan cricket umpire .
Ren Xuefeng ( Chinese : 任学锋 ; born October 1965 ) is a Chinese politician and business executive .
Samuel Linnaeus , born in 1718 in sv :
Ola Mafaalani ( born 1968 ) is a Syrian - born theater director .
Carina Axelsson ( born 5 August 1968 ) is the American - born author of teen fashion detective series , Model Under Cover .
Louis Augustus Karl Frederick Emil , Duke of Anhalt - Köthen ( Köthen , 20 September 1802 -- Leipzig , 18 December 1818 ) , was a German prince of the House of Ascania and ruler of the duchy of Anhalt - Köthen .
Peter C. Aichelburg ( born 9 November 1941 ) is an Austrian physicist well known for his contributions to general relativity , particularly for his joint work with Roman Sexl on the Aichelburg--
Mohammed Odeh al - Rehaief ( Arabic : محمد عودة الرهيف ) ( born circa 1970 ) is an Iraqi attorney who helped the United States armed forces rescue prisoner of war Jessica Lynch from a hospital in Nasiriyah .
Pierre Notting ( 1825 - -1895 ) was a Luxembourgian rosarian known for his breeding of rose cultivars .
Ruchi Narain ( born 1976 ) is a Mumbai ( Bombay)-based film director and screenwriter , most known as the writer for the film Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi ( 2003 ) , and later directed KAL - Yesterday and Tomorrow ( 2005 ) .
Air Vice Marshal Charles Hubert Boulby Blount CB , OBE , MC ( 26 October 1893 -- 23 October 1940 ) was an English soldier , airman and first - class cricketer .
Lena Willemark ( born 1960 ) is a Swedish traditional music fiddler , singer , and composer , who combines elements of folk and jazz .
Jan Vanriet , real name Jan Louis Lucien Van Riet , ( 21 February 1948 ) is a Belgian ( Flemish ) painter and poet .
Elliott Bennett ( born 18 December 1988 ) is an English - born Jamaican professional footballer who plays for Blackburn Rovers .
Jorunn Økland ( born 1964 ) is a Norwegian gender studies expert and biblical scholar with a background in Classics .
Ana Jovanović ( Cyrillic : Ана Јовановић ; born 28 December 1984 ) is a former Serbian professional tennis player .
John Gohorry ( born Donald Smith 1943 Coventry , England ) is a British poet .
Stewart Finlay - McLennan ( born 7 September 1957 ) is an Australian - born classically trained actor .
Silvio Noto ( 25 December 1926 -- 16 December 2012 ) was an Italian TV and radio presenter , actor and voice actor .
Andrew Michael Hurley ( born 1975 ) is a British writer whose debut novel , The Loney , was published in a limited edition of 300 copies in 2014 by Tartarus Press and was published under Hodder and Stoughton 's John Murray imprint in 2015 ( ISBN 9781473619821 ) .
The Honourable Judge John Lawrence O'Meally ( AM RFD ) ( born 1939 ) was president of the Dust Diseases Tribunal of New South Wales .
William Eusebius Andrews ( 1773 - 1837 ) was an English journalist and editor who created a number of Catholic newspapers .
Eugene Sweeney ( 1592 - -1669 ) was an Irish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Bishop of Kilmore from 1629 to 1669 .
Odaline de la Martinez ( born 31 October 1949 ) is a Cuban - American composer and conductor , currently residing in the UK .
Ernest Shorrocks , born at Rhodes , Middleton , Greater Manchester , on 12 March 1875 , and died at Thiepval , France on 20 July 1916 , played in one first - class cricket match for Somerset in the 1905 season .
Philip Thorpe Priestley BSc FSA MBHI ( born 15 May 1936 ) is an English scientist and inventor .
Nebojša Radmanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Небојша Радмановић , pronounced ( radmǎːnoʋit͡ɕ ) ; born 1 October 1949 ) is a Bosnian Serb politician .
Charis Kostakis ( Greek : Χάρης Κωστάκης ; born 12 July 1990 ) is a Greek footballer playing for Alimos under a two - year contract .
Sean Rusling ( born 6 October 1986 ) is a former professional Australian rules football player who played for Collingwood in the Australian Football League .
Surendra Seeraj ( born 7 September 1973 in Guelph , Ontario , Canada ) is a Canadian cricket player .
Luke Bullen ( born 2 September 1973 in Norwich , England ) is an English drummer and percussionist .
Johan Lennart Geijer ( 14 September 1909 -- 16 June 1999 ) , was a Swedish politician and lawyer .
Qian Qianyi ( simplified Chinese : 钱谦益 ; traditional Chinese : 銭謙益 ; pinyin : Qián Qiānyì ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'ien Ch'ien - i ; Suzhou dialect : ( zi tɕʰi ɪʔ ) ; 1582 - -1664 ) was a Chinese official , scholar and social historian of the late Ming Dynasty .
Thakur Rao Gopal Singh Kharwa ( 1872 - -1939 ) , born in Rajasthan , was the ruler of the Kharwa state ( near Ajmer ) of Rajputana .
Colin O'Donoghue ( born 26 January 1981 ) is an Irish actor and musician known for his role as Captain Killian `` Hook '' Jones on the TV show Once Upon a Time , and his role as Michael Kovak in The Rite .
Patti Miller ( born 1954 ) , an Australian writer , was born and grew up near Wellington , New South Wales , Australia .
Raci Şaşmaz ( born 30 October 1973 in Elazig ) is a Turkish film producer , writer and actor .
Uģis Viļums ( born 28 July 1979 , Saldus , Latvian SSR ) is a Latvian professional basketball guard , who plays for Barons LMT .
Valerie Murtagh ( born Patricia Valerie Murtagh , 1936 , Willesden , London , England ) ( pseudonym Valerie Avon ) is an English singer and songwriter .
Koulsy Lamko ( born 1959 ) is a Chadian - born playwright , poet , novelist and university lecturer .
Petros Tatoulis ( Greek : Πέτρος Τατούλης ; born 6 March 1953 in Kastri , Arcadia ) is a Greek surgeon and independent politician , currently serving as Regional Governor of the Peloponnese .
Wafa al Bass ( Wafa al - Biss , b. 1984 ) is a Palestinian Arab resident of Gaza who was permitted to enter Israel for the purpose of being treated at an Israeli hospital in 2005 .
Aneela Mirza , or Anila Mirza ( born 8 October 1974 ) is a Danish singer who has found success as a member of the pop group Toy - Box and as a solo artist under the name of `` Aneela '' .
Lázaro Núñez - Robres ( Almansa 1 June 1827-after 1883 ) was a Spanish zarzuela and song composer .
Ninni Bruschetta ( born Antonino Bruschetta on 6 January 1962 ) is an Italian actor , film and stage director and screenwriter .
Rida Johnson Young ( February 28 , 1875 -- May 8 , 1926 ) was an American playwright , songwriter and librettist .
Folliott Sandford Pierpoint ( 7 October 1835 -- 1917 ) was a hymnist and poet .
Ennio Mattarelli ( born 5 August 1928 ) is an Italian sports shooter and Olympic Champion .
Nisson Alpert ( 1927 - -1986 ) was one of the most outstanding and prominent students of Rabbi Moshe Feinstein .
Francesco Sabatini ( 1722 -- 1797 ) , also known as Francisco Sabatini , was an Italian architect of the 18th century who worked in Spain .
Valentin Fortunov ( Bulgarian Cyrillic , Валентин Фъртунов 15 August 1957 -- 9 March 2014 ) was a Bulgarian writer , publisher and journalist .
Dr. Fredrick Lawrence Munyua Waiyaki ( born 1926 ) was a Kenyan politician .
Deresse Mekonnen Tsigu ( Amharic : ደረሠ መኮንነን ; born 20 October 1987 ) is an Ethiopian middle distance runner , who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Boutros Salim AbouNader ( born 20 May 1932 in Baskinta , Lebanon ) is a former Lebanese civil aviation pilot .
Vogue Williams ( born 25 January 1986 ) is an Irish model , television and radio personality , best known for participating in Dancing with the Stars and Stepping Out and for winning the 2015 series of Bear Grylls :
William Terrence McGrattan ( born 19 September 1956 ) is the twelfth and current Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough .
Francis of Mayrone ( Franciscus de Mayronis ) ( c. 1280 - -1328 ) was a French scholastic philosopher .
Matthew H. Gore ( born 1962 ) is a British historian , popular culturist , and educator residing in Memphis , Tennessee .
Winifred Waddell , MBE , ( 8 October 1884 , Cumberland , England -- 1972 ) was an English - born Australian botanist .
Ali El - Khatib ( Arabic : علي الخطيب‎ , Hebrew : עלי חטיב‎ ; born 18 March 1989 ) is an Arab - Israeli professional football ( soccer ) player currently playing for Maccabi Ahi Nazareth .
Stig Järrel ( 8 February 1910 -- 1 July 1998 ) was a Swedish actor , film director and revue artist .
Bruno Pasquini ( 23 November 1914 -- 12 August 1995 ) was an Italian racing cyclist .
James Wandin ( 28 July 1933 -- 20 February 2006 ) , also known as Jim , Jimmy , or Juby , was the ngurungaeta of the Wurundjeri till his death in February 2006 .
Dorothy Bellew ( born 1891 ) was a British actress .
Betty Diamond , a physician and researcher , was born in Hartford , CT on 11 May 1948 .
Robert Wigram Crawford ( 18 April 1813 - 30 July 1889 ) was a British East India merchant , Governor of the Bank of England , and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1857 to 1874 .
Mark McVeigh ( born 26 January 1981 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Ratih Hardjono ( born 6 December 1960 ) is an Indonesian journalist for Kompas , an author , and a public affairs consultant .
Zalmai Aziz ( born 1940 in Kabul ) is an Afghan diplomat and is the current ambassador of Afghanistan to the United Nations Office in Geneva and to Switzerland .
Noureddine Daifallah ( b. 1960 in Marrakech ) is a Moroccan calligrapher .
Dennis Carroll ( born 7 November 1960 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Bernhard Havestadt ( b. at Cologne , 27 February 1714 ; died at Münster after 1778 ) was a German Jesuit missionary in Chile .
Gordon Grice ( born 1965 , Guymon , Oklahoma ) is an American nature writer and essayist .
Iwan Lewis ( born 28 December 1988 ) is a Welsh theatre and film actor .
Karsten Baumann ( born 14 October 1969 ) is a retired German footballer who last managed Hansa Rostock .
Li Ban ( 李班 ) ( 288 - -334 ) , courtesy name Shiwen ( 世文 ) , posthumous name initially Crown Prince Li ( 戾太子 ) , later Emperor Ai of Cheng ( Han ) ( 成(漢)哀帝 ) , was briefly an emperor of the Chinese / Ba - Di state Cheng Han .
Khnata Bennouna ( Arabic : خناثة بنونة‎ born in Fès from a four children family , 1940 ) is a Moroccan author of novels and short stories .
Giuseppe Vitali ( 26 August 1875 -- 29 February 1932 ) was an Italian mathematician who worked in several branches of mathematical analysis .
Robert L. Henry , Jr. ( born 1882 , date of death unknown ) was an American professor of law .
Ralf Lübke ( born 17 June 1965 in Mülheim an der Ruhr ) is a retired West German athlete who specialized in the 200 metres .
Lauren Mote ( born 10 February 1997 ) is a British child actress who has a starring role in the Disney direct to DVD film Tinker Bell and the Great Fairy Rescue .
Romek Marber ( born 1925 ) is a freelance designer noted for his work illustrating the covers of Penguin Books .
Sean Ardoin ( Lake Charles , Louisiana , 1970 ) is an American zydeco musician and singer .
Helge Lund ( born 16 October 1962 ) is a Norwegian businessman who is the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of BG Group , and the former CEO of Statoil and Aker Kværner .
Cinzia Fiordeponti , best known as Cinzia De Ponti ( born 3 October 1960 ) , is an Italian actress , model and television personality .
Aaron Heading ( born 21 May 1987 in King 's Lynn , Norfolk ) is a clay - pigeon shooter from Spalding , specialising in the Trap discipline .
Terje Moland Pedersen ( born 22 March 1952 ) is a Norwegian police officer and politician for the Labour Party .
John Walsingham ( born 1961 ) is a British painter , an influential representative of drip painting and founder of Personal Expressionism .
Stefan Szczesny ( born 9 April 1951 ) is a German painter , draughtsman , and sculptor .
Dr. Reinhard Rauball ( born 25 December 1946 ) is a German politician , member of the SPD , a trained lawyer and football official .
Joel Lok ( born 1994 ) is an Australian actor based in Melbourne , starring in the recent Australian film , The Home Song Stories , as the young character , Tom .
Hildrun Claus ( born 13 May 1939 ) is a former East German athlete .
Mokgadi Caster Semenya Bronze OIB ( born 7 January 1991 ) is a South African middle - distance runner and world champion .
Marc Goossens nicknamed The Goose ( born 30 November 1969 ) is a Belgian professional racing driver who drove in Formula 3000 from 1994 to 1996 and part - time from 1999 to 2001 .
Colin Taylforth ( born 16 September 1953 in Liverpool ) is a former pair skater who represented Great Britain .
Charles Rochester Young ( 1965 ) is an American composer , music educator , conductor and saxophonist .
Syagrius ( 430 -- 486 or 487 ) was the last Roman military commander in Gaul , whose defeat by king Clovis I of the Franks is considered the end of Western Roman rule outside of Italy .
Park Jung - hwan ( born 14 January 1977 ) is a former South Korean footballer who currently plays for Ansan H FC .
Phil Borges ( born 1942 ) is a social documentary photographer and filmmaker .
Wu Rong - i ( Chinese : 吳榮義 ; pinyin : Wú Róngyì ; born 15 December 1939 ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Jacob Mordecai ( 1762 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- 1838 , Richmond Virginia ) was a pioneer in education , in Colonial America , having established the Warrenton NC Female Seminary , also known as Mordecai 's Female Academy .
Hans - Olov Adami ( born July 14 , 1942 ) is a Swedish physician , academic and public health researcher .
Fernando Machado Soares ( São Roque do Pico , 3 September 1930 -- 7 December 2014 ) , was a Portuguese fado singer , poet , composer , jurist and retired judge .
Azmeera Chandulal was born on 17 August 1954 at Jaggannapet in Warangal District in Banjara Community .
Pope Gregory II ( Latin : Gregorius II ; 669 -- 11 February 731 ) was Pope from 19 May 715 to his death in 731 .
Valerie Macon ( born 1950 ) is an American civil servant and poet .
Edward Wilson Very ( October 26 , 1847 -- March 1 , 1910 ) was an American naval officer who adopted and popularized a single - shot breech - loading snub - nosed flare gun that fired flares that bear his name ( Very lights ) .
Edith Crash ( born 5 October 1983 in Perpignan , France ) is a French singer - songwriter , musician and one woman band .
Chris Levine ( born 1960 in Ontario , Canada ) is a UK based artist , working in the field of Light art . Chris Levine uses cross - fertilization across many fields including music , performance , installation , fashion and design in a multitude of collaborative projects .
Johann Baptist Cramer ( 24 February 1771 -- 16 April 1858 ) was an English pianist and composer of German origin .
N. Brock Winkless IV ( c. 1959 -- July 18 , 2015 ) was an American puppeteer and visual effects technician .
Christy Moylan ( 1916- ? ) was an Irish sportsperson .
Thomas Goltz ( born October 11 , 1954 ) is an American author and journalist best known for his accounts of conflict in the Caucasus region during the 1990s .
Paul Biwott ( born 18 April 1978 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner , who specialises in road running , particularly the marathon .
Barbara Szabó ( born 17 February 1990 ) is a Hungarian athlete specialising in the high jump .
Van Ikin ( born 25 November 1951 ) is an academic and science fiction writer and editor .
Marcel Bout ( Dutch pronunciation : ( mɑrˈsɛl ˈbʌut ) ; born 18 November 1962 ) is a Dutch football coach who works as Louis van Gaal 's chief opposition scout at Manchester United .
Govinda III ( 793 - -814 CE ) was a famous Rashtrakuta ruler who succeeded his illustrious father Dhruva Dharavarsha .
Ferdinand A. Hermens ( 20 December 1906 -- 2 February 1998 ) was a German - American political scientist and economist .
Zoran Ljubinković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зopaн Љубинкoвић ; born 4 July 1982 ) is a Serbian professional football player who plays for Rad .
Adam Smelczyński ( born 14 September 1930 ) is a Polish trap shooter who competed at six Olympics between 1956 and 1976 , winning one silver medal in 1956 .
Nikica Valentić ( pronounced ( ʋǎleːntit͡ɕ ) ; born 24 November 1950 ) is a Croatian entrepreneur , lawyer and politician .
Jonathan Gershenzon ( * 1955 ) is an American biochemist .
Mark G. Frank ( born 1961 ) is a social psychologist , communication professor , and an internationally recognized expert on human nonverbal communication , emotion , and deception .
Abu Ahmad Wali ' l - Dawla Khalaf ibn Ahmad ( November 937 -- March 1009 ) was the Saffarid amir of Sistan from 963 until 1002 .
Abdelhamid Mehri ( April 1926 -- 30 January 2012 ) was an Algerian resistance fighter , soldier and politician .
Cornelia Guest ( 28 November 1963 ) is a New York socialite , author and the Debutante of the Decade for the 1980s of the International Debutante Ball in New York City .
Serge Girard is a French ultramarathon runner born in 1953 .
Cory Woron ( born 1969 ) is a Canadian sportscaster .
Martin Mills ( born 12 May 1949 ) is the founder and chairman of the Beggars Group .
Colonel Joshua Fry ( 1699 - -1754 ) was a surveyor , adventurer , mapmaker , soldier , and member of the House of Burgesses , the legislature of the colony of Virginia .
Alexander Graham Cairns - Smith ( born 1931 ) is an organic chemist and molecular biologist at the University of Glasgow .
Hermann Erben ( 15 November 1897 -- 1985 ) was an Austrian physician who served in the German military intelligence , often assuming the title `` Doctor '' .
Mao Yuan ( 茅沅 born 1926 in Jinan ) is a Chinese composer .
Trevor Heath ( born 2 March 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Meng Hongwei ( simplified Chinese : 孟宏伟 ; traditional Chinese : 孟宏偉 ; pinyin : Mèng Hóngweǐ ; born November 1953 ) is a politician of People 's Republic of China .
Ana Bešlić ( Sárapuszta ( Serbian / Bunjevac : Šarapusta ) near Bajmok , March 16 , 1912 - Belgrade February 27 , 2008 ) was a sculptor from Serbia , originating from Bunjevac / Croat family from Bačka in autonomous province of Vojvodina .
Seaton Baxter , OBE ( born 1939 , Aberdeen , Scotland ) is an Emeritus Professor at the Robert Gordon University and Honorary Professor at the University of Dundee where he acts as the head of the Centre for the Study of Natural Design and postgraduate supervisor .
Andrew McCowie ( born 1875 in Cambuslang , Scotland ) was a Scottish footballer who played as a striker for Liverpool F.C. in The Football League .
Lin Junsheng ( Chinese : 林俊生 ; pinyin : Lín Jùnshēng ; Jyutping : lam4 zeon3 sang1 born 18 January 1985 ) is a Hong Kong football player .
Drew Daywalt ( born January 5 , 1970 ) is an American filmmaker and author , best known for his work on horror films and for writing the best - selling children 's book The Day the Crayons Quit .
Giulio I Cybo - Malaspina ( 1525 -- 18 May 1547 ) was an Italian nobleman , who was marquis of Massa and lord of Carrara from 1546 until 1547 .
Colin Lewis ( born 27 July 1942 ) is an ex - professional racing cyclist .
Dr. Harold George Jeffcoat ( born September 3 , 1947 , in Nashville , Tennessee ) is the 14th president of Millikin University .
Antonio de la Calancha ( 1584 - -1684 ) was a pioneering anthropologist studying the South American natives and a senior Augustinian monk .
Jymie Merritt ( born 3 May 1926 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American jazz double - bassist , electric - bass pioneer , band leader and composer .
Michael Avon ( born 23 October 1974 ) was an Australian rules football field umpire in the Australian Football League .
Natacha Merritt ( born 1977 ) is an American photographer , artist and biologist .
Annette Poulsen ( born 29 July 1969 ) is a retired Danish swimmer who won two medals in the 4×200 m freestyle relay at the World and European championships in 1991 .
Sverre Quale ( born 21 July 1956 in Mo i Rana , Helgeland ) is a Norwegian civil servant and businessperson .
Liz Fraser ( born Elizabeth Joan Winch ; 14 August 1930 ) is a BAFTA - nominated English actress , best known for her comedy roles as a provocative `` dumb blonde '' in British films of the 1950s , ' 60s and ' 70s .
Bruno Maximus ( born 1970 ) is a Finnish art painter .
Brita Olsdotter ( fl . 1719 ) was an old Swedish woman who , according to legend , saved the city of Linköping from being burnt by the Russians during the Great Northern War .
Anna Shaffer ( born 15 March 1992 ) is an English actress , best known for her roles as Ruby Button in teen soap opera Hollyoaks and Romilda Vane in the Harry Potter film series .
Maurice Scully ( born 1952 ) is an Irish poet who works in the modernist tradition .
Tristan DeVere Cole ( also spelled Tristan de vere Cole ; born 16 March 1935 ) is an English television director , now retired , who is believed to be an illegitimate son of the painter Augustus John .
Quentin Fiore ( born 1920 ) is a graphic designer , who has worked mostly in books .
Mark Turnbull ( born 11 October 1973 ) is an Australian sailor and Olympic champion .
Ronn McFarlane ( born 1953 ) is an American lutenist and composer .
Edmund Ward Poor ( 1904 - -1966 ) was a co - founder of the Grumman Aircraft Engineering Corporation , serving as its treasurer and director .
John Richard Anthony Pearson FRS FIMMM MIChemE ( born 18 September 1930 ) is a Scientific Consultant at Schlumberger Cambridge Research and Chairman of the Pearson Publishing Group since 1993 .
Étienne Baudet , an eminent French engraver , was born at Vineuil , in the department of Loir - et - Cher , about 1636 .
Henryk Wasilewski ( 19 December 1953 -- 16 July 2012 ) was a Polish middle distance runner who specialized in the 1500 metres .
Tatiana Vedenska ( Russian : Татьяна Евгеньевна Веденская ; 15 July 1976 ) is a widely known Russian writer , and novelist .
Peretz Lavie ( Hebrew : פרץ לביא‎ ; born 19 February 1949 ) is the 16th president of Technion - Israel Institute of Technology , having taken the position on October 1 , 2009 .
Graham Cole OBE ( born Graham Coleman - Smith on 16 March 1952 ) is an English actor .
Otto III , Count of Waldeck - Landau ( c. 1389 -- 1458 or 1459 ) was the second ruling count of the elder Waldeck - Landau line , which had started .
Deborah Kass ( born 1952 ) is an American artist whose work explores the intersection of pop culture , art history , and the self .
Mario Biondi ( born Mario Ranno , on 28 January 1971 ) is an Italian singer .
Frederick Pyne ( born London 30 December 1936 ) is an actor best known for his role as Matt Skilbeck on the ITV soap Emmerdale Farm from 1972 - -1989 .
Gian Luigi Nespoli ( 1936 - -2007 ) was an Italian born Cuban poet , writer and translator .
Giovanni Piccolomo , simply known as Giovanni ( born 4 April 1994 in São Paulo ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Tigres do Brasil on loan from Corinthians .
Seán Ó Conghaile ( born 1903 ; date of death unknown ) was an Irish writer .
Thomas C. Hubbard ( born 1943 in Kentucky ) is a diplomat and former U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines ( 1996 - -2000 ) and South Korea ( 2001 - -04 ) .
Cornet George Joyce ( born 1618 ) was an officer in the Parliamentary New Model Army during the English Civil War .
Antonella Lualdi ( born 6 July 1931 ) is an Italian actress and singer .
Richard E. Albert , known traditionally as Dick Albert ( born 1945 ) was the co - chief meteorologist on WCVB - TV , channel 5 , in Boston , Massachusetts along with Harvey Leonard .
Gjert Kristoffersen ( born 13 August 1949 in Arendal ) is a Norwegian linguist , a phonetician and a professor at the University of Bergen .
Michael Swerdlow ( born 1943 ) is a real estate developer responsible for many large - scale projects in South Florida .
Narender K. Sehgal ( born 7 November 1940 ) is an Indian physicist , scientific administrator , and science populariser .
Kittiratt Na - Ranong ( Thai : กิตติรัตน์ ณ ระนอง ; born 3 August 1958 ) is a Thai manager and politician .
Charles Hopel Brown , aka `` Charlie Brown '' , was born on 9 October 1964 at Morant Bay , Saint Thomas Parish , Jamaica .
Alissandra Cummins ( born 30 October 1958 ) was the Chairperson of the UNESCO Executive Board ( 2011 - 2013 ) .
Max Wehrli ( 17 September 1909 -- December 18 , 1998 ) was a Swiss literary scholar and Germanist .
Vladimir Paar ( born 1942 ) is a Croatian physicist and university professor .
Zhuge Liang ( 181 -- 8 October 234 ) , courtesy name Kongming , was a chancellor of the state of Shu Han during the Three Kingdoms period .
Karim Raeisinia ( Persian : کریم رئیسی‌نیا‎ ; born 1930 in Tehran ) was an Iranian deaf Wrestler and Deaflympics Gold - Medalist .
Jacques de Saint - Luc ( baptized 19 September 1616 -- ca . 1710 ) was a Flemish lutenist and composer .
Liu Fulian ( Chinese : 刘福连 ; pinyin : Liú Fúlián ; born 1953 ) is a general ( shang jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army ( PLA ) of China , serving since 2015 as the Political Commissar of the Ground Force Command of the People 's Liberation Army .
Kurt Caselli ( June 30 , 1983 -- November 15 , 2013 ) was an American off - road motorcycle racer .
Bob Elkins was born in 1932 in Mount Hope , West Virginia , the son of a struggling coal miner .
Charles James Dugdale , 2nd Baron Crathorne KCVO KStJ FSA FRSA ( born 12 September 1939 ) was Lord Lieutenant of North Yorkshire from 1999 until 2014 .
John Thurnam ( 28 December 1810 -- 24 September 1873 ) was an English psychiatrist , archaeologist , and ethnologist .
Peter W. Ochs ( born 1950 ) is the Edgar M. Bronfman Professor of Modern Judaic Studies at the University of Virginia , where he has served since 1997 .
Fred Rogers Fairchild ( 1877 - -1966 ) was an American economist and educator .
Huub Duyn ( born 1 September 1984 in Onderdijk , North Holland ) is a Dutch racing cyclist who rides for Roompot Orange Cycling .
Riitta Karjalainen ( born 1968 ) is a Finnish orienteering and ski - orienteering competitor .
Bradford Gowen ( b. Nov. 11 , 1946 ) has received national attention since winning first prize in the 1978 Kennedy Center / Rockefeller Foundation International Competition for Excellence in the Performance of American Music .
Baba Harbhajan Singh was born into a Sikh family on 3 August 1941 in the village of Batthe Bhaini in Punjab ( India ) .
Max Brody ( born Matthew Woods Brody , 1969 ) is an American musician based outside of Austin , Texas , best known as the one - time percussionist / saxophonist for the hard rock band Ministry .
Giannis Stamatakis ( Greek : Γιάννης Σταματάκης ; born 26 June 1994 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Panelefsiniakos in the Football League .
Papaflessas ( Greek : Παπαφλέσσας ; 1788 - -1825 ) , born Georgios Dimitrios Flessas ( Γεώργιος Δημήτριος Φλέσσας ) , was a Greek patriot , priest , and government official of the old Flessas Family .
Marit Holtklimpen , married Sektnan ( born 20 April 1959 ) is a retired Norwegian long - distance runner .
David Odonkor ( German pronunciation : ( ˈdeːvɪd ʔoˈdɔŋkoːɐ̯ ) ; born 21 February 1984 ) is a German former footballer who played mainly as a right winger , and the current manager of TuS Dornberg .
Roger von Gunten ( born 1933 ) is an artist and sculptor , originally from Zurich , but in 1980 became a naturalized Mexican citizen .
Ann - Christine Nyström ( born 26 July 1944 , Helsinki ) is a Finnish singer who performed on the Eurovision contest in 1966 in Luxembourg with the song `` Playboy '' .
Muhammad Dilawar Khanji ( Urdu:محمد دلاور خان جی ) , ( born 27 February 1915-died 1989 ) was a Pakistani politician who was 11th Governor of Sindh from 1 March 1976 to 5 July 1977 .
Giovanni Antonelli ( 1 October 1818 -- 14 January 1872 ) was an Italian scientist , astronomer and engineer .
Saw Yi Khy ( born 1 July 1986 ) is a Malaysian former swimmer , who specialised in long - distance freestyle events .
Rudolf Doležal ( 19 July 1916 in Horka nad Moravou , Moravia - 2002 in Olomouc ) was a Czech sculptor and medalist , author of many sculptures in Moravian towns and villages .
Paul Jolicoeur ( born 1945 ) is a Québecois professor and doctor .
Bernard Parker Haigh , MBE ( 8 July 1884 - 18 January 1941 ) was a professor of applied mechanics at the Royal Naval College in Greenwich .
Allan Guthrie ( born Allan Buchan 5 June 1965 ) is a Scottish literary agent , author and editor of crime fiction .
Walter Rowlands ( 1888 -- unknown ) was an English footballer who played for Stoke .
Rama Chandra Mouli ( born 8 July 1950 ) is a famous writer / poet , professor and assistant principal at Ganapathy Engineering College in India .
Petrus Gyllius or Gillius ( or Pierre Gilles ) ( 1490 - -1555 ) was a French natural scientist , topographer and translator .
Jimmy Prendergast ( born 1949 in Oulart , County Wexford ) was an Irish sportsperson .
Carlo Gambacorti - Passerini ( born 26 August 1957 ) is an Italian oncologist and hematologist known for his contributions to cancer research .
David Charles Harvey ( 29 July 1946 -- 4 March 2004 ) was an historian and author born in East Ham , London .
Ian Bleasdale ( born 1950 ) is a British actor and television presenter .
Roland Mertelsmann ( born 5 October 1944 , Hameln ) is a German hematologist and oncologist .
Rupert Wainwright ( born 30 November 1961 ) is an English film and television director , writer , and actor .
Mohamed El - Aqabawy ( Arabic : محمد العقباوي‎ ) ( born 3 March 1979 ) is an Egyptian Goalkeeper player .
Alex Wharton ( born 1939 ) , later also known as Alex Murray , was part of the singing duo the Most Brothers with Mickie Most , and later , co - manager and producer of the Moody Blues .
Farid Rastagar ( Persian : فريد رستگار‎)(born 26 . March 1963 ) is from Panjshir , a singer , music arranger , and composer .
Lily Ann Granderson , born a slave in Virginia in 1816 , was a pioneering educator .
Samuel Inkoom ( born 1 June 1989 ) is a Ghanaian international professional footballer who plays as a defender for Antalyaspor .
Adam Khoo Yean Ann ( traditional Chinese : 邱緣安 ; simplified Chinese : 邱缘安 ; pinyin : Qiū Yuán'ān ) ( born 8 April 1974 ) is a Singaporean serial entrepreneur , author , trainer and a professional stocks and FX trader .
Rose Marie Pangborn ( 1932 - 1990 ) was an American scientist , born in Las Cruces , New Mexico .
Doha Kang ( Hangul : 강도하 ; born 1969 ) is a manhwa artist of South Korea .
Glen Luchford ( born 1968 ) is a British fashion photographer and film director .
Rob Prosser ( born 8 July 1964 ) is a former Australian rules football player , who played two games for the Sydney Swans in 1985 .
Jackson Appleyard ( birth registered April→June 1931 ( age 84 - -85 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1950s , playing at club level for Castleford .
Kerry Wilkinson ( born 4 November 1980 ) is a British author and sports journalist born in Bath , Somerset .
Bregje Heinen ( 5 March 1993 ) is a Dutch model .
André Ducharme ( 23 July 1961 ) is a Québécois author , comedian and humorist .
Muqeem Khan ( Urdu : مقیم خان‎ ) ( born 1968 ) is the first Pakistani who started working in the Hollywood visual effects industry in 1996 .
Hans Wiklund ( born 17 September 1964 ) is a Swedish journalist , movie - critic and TV - show host .
Carlos Gurpegui Nausia ( alternate spelling Gurpegi ; born 19 August 1980 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Athletic Bilbao as a central defender or a defensive midfielder .
Pierre - Eugène Secrétan , ( 1836 , Saulx -- 1899 , Dives - sur - Mer ) , was a French industrialist and art collector .
Francesco Guidolin ( Italian pronunciation : ( franˈtʃesko ɡwidoˈlin ) ; born 3 October 1955 ) is an Italian football manager and former player , who is currently head coach of Premier League team Swansea City .
John Carne was born on 18 June 1789 , in Penzance , Cornwall , the fourth son of five known children of the family .
Max Baldwin ( born 1928 ) is an Australian canoeist who competed in the 1950s .
Armin Kircher ( 1966 -- 12 October 2015 ) was an Austrian composer and conductor .
Sir John Bourn KCB ( born 21 February 1934 ) is a former Comptroller and Auditor General ( C&AG ) ( therefore a former head of the National Audit Office ) .
Klaus Gerwien ( born 11 September 1940 in Lyck , East Prussia , now Ełk , Poland ) is a retired German football player .
Matt Bishop , who was born in London in 1962 , is Group Head of Communications and Public Relations for McLaren , which position he took up in January 2008 .
( Thomas ) Gabriel Read ( c.1824 -- 31 October 1894 ) was a Tasmanian gold prospector born between 1824 and 1826 .
Oja Kodar ( OY - ah ko - DAHR ; born 1941 ) is a Croatian actress , screenwriter and director , best known as Orson Welles ' partner for the last 24 years of his life .
Greg Harlow ( born 6 July 1968 ) is an English indoor bowls player .
James Stonnes ( b. 1513 ; d. after 1585 ) was an English Catholic priest , active in northern England .
Alex Outhred ( born 1977 ) was an Australian actor .
Sandhya Agarwal ( born 9 May 1963 ) is a former captain of the Indian women 's cricket team .
Angus Monfries ( born 19 January 1987 ) is an Australian rules footballer currently playing for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the Australian Football League .
Tim Vincent ( born Timothy Russell Walker on 4 November 1972 ) is a Welsh actor and television presenter , best known for appearing on children 's programme Blue Peter between 1993 and 1997 .
Olga Medvedeva ( born 22 March 1987 ) is a Russian team handball player from Astrakhan , former Junior World Champion for Russia , and currently playing for the Norwegian club Larvik HK .
Jimmy Hannan ( born August 1934 ) is a Gold Logie - winning Australian variety show host , singer and entertainer and game show host .
Guido Werdnig ( Ratschach , 20 June 1844 -- 26 April 1919 ) was an Austrian neurologist associated with University of Vienna .
Anne Collier ( born Los Angeles , 1970 ) is an American visual artist working with appropriated photographic images .
Willy Adolfo Topp Bravo ( born 4 March 1986 ) , commonly known as Willy Topp or sometimes Billy Topp , is a Chilean footballer who played as striker .
Anton Otulakowski ( born 29 January 1956 ) is an English former footballer who played in The Football League for Barnsley , Crystal Palace , Millwall , Southend United and West Ham United .
Joyce Aiken ( born 1931 ) is an American feminist art historian , artist , and educator .
Mamadou Diabaté ( born 1975 ) is a kora player .
Choi Gee - sung ( born 2 February 1951 ) is President and Chief Executive of the digital media division at Samsung Electronics , overseeing the third - largest business group of the South Korean company , which includes televisions , flat - panel screens , MP3 players , personal computers , and other consumer electronics .
Reg Johanson ( born in 1968 in Leduc ) is a composition and literature instructor , poet and essayist .
José Hawilla ( born 11 July 1943 ) is a Brazilian businessman , the owner and founder of Traffic Group , a multinational sports marketing conglomerate .
Percy Greenbank ( 24 January 1878 -- 9 December 1968 ) was an English lyricist , best known for his contribution of lyrics to a number of successful Edwardian musical comedies in the early years of the 20th century .
Kanako Enomoto ( 榎本 加奈子 Enomoto Kanako , born 29 September 1980 ) is a Japanese actress .
Anna Pfeffer ( born 31 August 1945 ) is a Hungarian sprint canoeist who competed from the late 1960s to the late 1970s .
Sándor Fábry ( born 20 November 1953 ) is a Hungarian comedian , talk show host , and writer .
Teodor Anghelini , ( born 9 March 1954 in Braşov ) , is a retired Romanian football player and coach .
Henry Grunfeld ( born Heinrich Grünfeld ; 1 June 1904 -- 10 June 1999 ) was a prominent individual in the development of investment banking and the growth of London as a financial centre following the Second World War .
Gaspare Traversi ( c. 1722 -- 1 November 1770 ) was an Italian Rococo painter best known for his genre works .
Ezequiel Calvente Criado ( born 12 January 1991 ) , known simply as Ezequiel , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Hungarian club Békéscsaba 1912 Előre as a left winger .
Carlos Eduardo Santos Oliveira or simply Eduardo ( born 20 November 1986 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Atlético Paranaense , on loan from Criciúma , as a right back .
Nasir Abbas Nayyar was born on 25 April 1965 in a village of Jhang.he did his matriculation from Govt . High School Shorkot in 1981 .
Anton Pius Riegel or Rigel ( Latin : Antonius Pius de Riegel ; 1789 - ? ) was an Austrian architect of the 19th century .
Catharine Edith Philippa Powys ( /ˈpoʊ.ɪs/ ; 8 May 1886 -- 11 January 1963 ) was a British novelist and poet , and a member of one of the most distinguished families in modern literature .
Avraham Sinai ( Arabic : افراهام سيناء Hebrew : אברהם סיני born 1962 ) is a Lebanese Shia Muslim who converted to Judaism .
Princess Aida Desta ( 8 April 1927 -- 15 January 2013 ) ( Baptismal name Bisrate Gabriel ) , was the eldest granddaughter of Emperor Haile Selassie of Ethiopia , daughter of Ras Desta Damtew and Princess Tenagnework .
Tristram Randolph Kidder ( born 1960 ) is an archaeologist and geologist specializing in the evolution of human societies in Southeastern United States , especially Poverty Point , Louisiana .
Michael J. Freeman ( born in 1947 at Bronx , New York City , United States ) is an American inventor , business consultant , entrepreneur , educator , and author .
Nick Meglin , born in 1935 , was a member of the Mad editorial staff for 48 years .
David Worrell ( born 12 January 1978 ) is an Irish footballer who played as a right back .
Paul Affleck ( born 25 June 1966 ) is a Welsh professional golfer who has played on the European Tour .
Flemming Christensen ( born 10 April 1958 ) is a Danish former football ( soccer ) player and current manager of Adeccoligaen club Vard Haugesund .
Jayasundara Mudiyanselage Ananda Kumarasiri ( born 25 March 1954 ) is a Sri Lankan United National Party politician and current member of parliament for Monaragala District .
Delia Velculescu ( born in 1975 ) is a Romanian economist and the current IMF mission chief in Greece .
Sophie Carrigill ( born 19 January 1994 ) is a 1.0 point British wheelchair basketball player who represented Great Britain at the 2014 Women 's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto .
Karin Mayr - Krifka ( born 4 June 1971 in St. Valentin ) is a retired Austrian sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres .
Jack Katz ( born c. 1943 ) is an American businessman and the founder and chief executive officer of the Panama Jack Company .
Finn Olav Gundelach ( 23 April 1925 - 13 January 1981 ) was a Danish diplomat and European Commissioner .
Diego Masson ( born 21 June 1935 in Tossa de Mar , Spain ) is a French conductor , composer , and percussionist .
Robert A. Haag ( born 1956 ) is an American famous for collecting meteorites .
Simon Gales was born in Suffolk in 1964 and graduated from Goldsmiths College in 1988 achieving the joint highest 1st degree in a year that included most of the prominent YBAs including Gary Hume , Michael Landy and Ian Davenport .
Jay Musler is an American glass artist who was born in Sacramento , California in 1949 .
Daryl Impey ( born 6 December 1984 ) is a South African professional road cyclist riding for UCI ProTeam Orica--
Egon Schulte ( born January 7 , 1955 in Heggen ( Kreis Olpe ) , Germany ) is a mathematician and a professor of Mathematics at Northeastern University in Boston .
Anthony Marais ( born 1966 , Hollywood , California ) is an American novelist , screenwriter and musician .
' Abd al - Jabbar ibn Ahmad ibn ' Abd al - Jabbar al - HamaJani al - Asadabadi , Abu ' l - Hasan ( 935 - 1025 ) was a Mu'tazilite theologian , a follower of the Shafi'i school .
Shoshana Riseman ( born 10 April 1948 ) is an Israeli music educator , stage director and composer .
Nathan Jurevicius ( born 1973 ) is an Australian artist working in a variety of media including illustration , designer toys , online games and animation .
Manolo Guindani ( born 12 January 1971 in Cremona ) is an Italian manager and retired footballer .
Kjersti Elvik ( born 9 March 1969 ) is a Norwegian actress , born in Bergen .
Mark Clifton ( 1906 - -1963 ) was an American science fiction writer , the co - winner of the second Hugo Award for best novel .
Costas or Kostas Sommer ( Greek : Κώστας Σόμμερ ; born 17 May 1975 ) is a Greek model and actor who has appeared in numerous movies and TV shows .
Liam Shephard ( born 22 November 1994 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who plays for Swansea City .
Declan Lynch ( born 1961 ) is an Irish journalist , writer and playwright .
Samuli Laiho ( born 1969 in Tampere ) is a Finnish guitarist .
Zareh Moskofian ( Born Izmit , Ottoman Empire 1898 -- died Lyon , France 1987 ) was an Ottoman painter of Armenian descent .
Michael Tolcher ( born c. 1973 ) is an American singer - songwriter who blends pop , blues , and urban grooves .
Kader Zitouni ( born in 1981 ) is a football referee comes from French Polynesia .
Keith Tate ( 30 January 1945 ) birth registered in Lower Agbrigg , is an English amateur and professional bantamweight boxer of the 1960s , and current boxing trainer .
Ross Warneke ( 5 April 1952 -- 25 August 2006 ) was an Australian journalist and broadcaster in Melbourne , most recently involved in commentary on television .
Ekow Eshun ( born 27 May 1968 ) is a Ghanaian - British writer , journalist , and broadcaster .
Seánie McMahon ( born 1973 in Ennis , County Clare ) is a former Irish sportsman .
Margot Bengtsson ( born 1943 ) is a Swedish social psychologist , considered to be one of the leading gender studies academics of Scandinavia .
Ivan Ognyanov Yanchev ( Bulgarian : Иван Огнянов Янчев ) ( born 20 March 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a striker for Marek .
James William Bellamy , BD , FRS ( 15 November 1788 -- 11 Mar 1874 ) was Headmaster of Merchant Taylors ' School , Northwood for 26 years .
Moritz , Prince of Dietrichstein ( Moritz Joseph Johann ; 19 February 1775 -- 29 August 1864 ) , was a German prince member of the House of Dietrichstein , 10th and last Prince ( Fürst ) of Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg , Count of Proskau - Leslie , Baron ( Freiherr ) of Hollenburg , Finkenstein and Thalberg .
Brendan Foster CBE ( born 12 January 1948 ) is a British former long - distance runner who founded the Great North Run .
Mary FitzMaurice , 4th Countess of Orkney ( 4 September 1755 -- 30 December 1831 ) was a Scottish peer , the only surviving child of Murrough O'Brien , 1st Marquess of Thomond and Mary O'Brien , 3rd Countess of Orkney .
Deepak Pental ( born 1951 ) is a Professor of Genetics and the Ex Vice Chancellor at the University of Delhi .
Richard Losick ( born 1943 ) is an American molecular biologist whose research interests include RNA polymerase , sigma factors , regulation of gene transcription , and bacterial development , being especially noted for his investigations of endospore formation in Gram positive organisms such as Bacillus subtilis .
Guram Sharadze ( Georgian : გურამ შარაძე ) ( 17 October 1940 -- 20 May 2007 ) was a Georgian philologist , historian , and politician .
Henrietta Kelemen ( born 1994 ) is a Hungarian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Hungary 2014 and represented Hungary in Miss Universe 2014 pageant .
Kevin McGowin ( 1970 , Birmingham , Alabama -- January 18 , 2005 , Birmingham ) was an American writer , college teacher and typewriter enthusiast .
J. Max Bond , Sr . ( 1902 - -1991 ) was an American educator who was President of the University of Liberia during the 1950s .
Jordi Escura Aixas ( born 19 April 1980 ) is a footballer .
Leobardo López Aretche ( Mexico City , 1942 -- July 24 , 1970 ) was a Mexican film director
Tan Sri Lim Phaik Gan , known as P. G. Lim , ( 1915 -- May 7 , 2013 ) was a British - born Malaysian lawyer and diplomat .
Stranger Cole , also known as StrangeJah Cole ( born Wilburn Theodore Cole , 1945 ) is a Jamaican singer whose long recording career dates from the early days of ska in 1962 through to the 2000s .
Gordon Clydesdale ( born 28 May 1938 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for St Mirren and Dumbarton .
Alf Arrowsmith ( born 11 December 1942 in Ashton - under - Lyne , Lancashire - died May 2005 ) was an English footballer .
Sebastián Borensztein ( born in Buenos Aires on 22 April 1963 ) is an Argentine writer and director .
Thomas J. Euteneuer ( born 1962 in Detroit , Michigan ) is a Catholic priest of the Diocese of Palm Beach , Florida and a pro - life activist .
Rex Sinquefield ( born 1944 ) is an American financial executive , active in Missouri politics and philanthropic causes .
Ann Rivers ( born 1968 ) is an American politician , who has served as a Republican member of the Washington State Senate since she was appointed to represent the 18th district in 2011 , upon the resignation of Joe Zarelli .
Nicholas van Hoogstraten ( born Nicholas Marcel Hoogstraten ; 25 February 1945 ) is a self - made British businessman and real estate magnate .
Isileli Tupou also known as Kaiongo Tupou ( born 26 October 1984 ) in Tofua , Tonga ) is a rugby union player who plays at center .
Derek Lambie ( born 10 December 1975 ) is the former editor of the Scottish edition of the Sunday Express ( 2002 - 2012 ) .
Shafiq - ul - Haq ( also known as Shafiqueul Haque ; born 1946 ) was a Bangladeshi cricket player who played in the 1979 ICC Trophy and the 1982 ICC Trophy in England .
Elizabeth Pease Nichol ( 5 January 1807 -- 3 February 1897 ) was an abolitionist , anti - segregationist , woman suffragist , chartist and anti - vivisectionist in 19th century Great Britain .
Steph Bowe ( born 1994 in Melbourne , Australia ) is a writer and blogger .
Asghar Sadri ( Persian : اصغر صدری‎‎ ; born 2 October 1957 ) is a former Iranian football player .
His Royal Highness Prince Hso Khan Pha of Yawnghwe , FIASR ( aka Tiger ) ( born 15 April 1938 in Yawnghwe State , British Burma ) is a consulting geologist who lives in exile in Canada .
Michal Amdursky ( Hebrew : מיכל אמדורסקי‎ ; born in 1975 ) is an Israeli dancer and singer .
Lieutenant General Derrick Mgwebi ( born 1956 ) is a South African military commander , serving as Director of the Joint Operations Division .
Andrew Riley ( born 6 September 1988 ) is a Jamaican sprinter , mainly competing in the 110 m hurdles and more recently 100 metres .
Born in Texas probably in 1830 , Randolph Runnels was a nephew of Hiram Georges Runnels .
Anthony Moore ( also known as Anthony More ) ( born 13 August 1948 ) is a British experimental music composer , performer and producer .
Padraic Colum ( 8 December 1881 -- 11 January 1972 ) was an Irish poet , novelist , dramatist , biographer , playwright , children 's author and collector of folklore .
Cici Chen ( Chinese : 陳娜良子 ) , born in 1985 , won Miss Shanghai in 2003 and Miss Chinese Vancouver in 2008 , and Miss Chinese International Pageant 2009 second runner - up .
Almanbet Matubraimovich Matubraimov ( Алманбет Матубраимович Матубраимов ) ( born 1952 ) served as a Speaker of the Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan and briefly the acting Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan .
Gareth Peirce ( born 1940 ) is a British solicitor and human rights activist .
Victor Ginzburg ( born 1957 ) is a Russian American mathematician who works in representation theory and in noncommutative geometry .
David Ford ( born 24 February 1951 ) is a politician who is a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly .
Jeroen de Vries ( born 16 July 1971 , Sint Nicolaasga ? ) is a Dutch marathon speed skater .
Jenny McLoughlin ( born 3 October 1991 ) is a British Paralympian track and field athlete competing mainly in T37 sprint events .
Deng Mengrong ( 鄧猛榮 ; born 5 March 1990 ) is a Chinese weighlifter .
Brian Bram ( born May 9 , 1955 in Chicago ) , raised in Deerfield , Illinois , played a minor role in the underground comix movement with his contributions to American Splendor , the comic book series written and published by Harvey Pekar .
Angela Rayner ( born 1980 ) is a British Labour politician and a former trade union official .
Guillermina Bravo Montaño ( born 27 July 1949 ) is a Colombian teacher and politician of the Independent Movement of Absolute Renovation ( MIRA ) party .
Benjamin Bagby ( born 20 February 1950 ) is a singer , composer , harpist , and performer of medieval music .
Michael Feuchtmayer ( 1667 - - ? ? ) was a member of the Feuchtmayer family of Baroque artists of the German Wessobrunner School .
Sir Peter le Page Renouf was born in Guernsey on 23 August 1822 .
David Henrard ( born 13 April 1973 ) , also known by his stage name JD Davis and Dave Davis , is a Belgian musician and started his career in music at the age of 17 when he moved to Antwerp to work at Bonzai Records .
Darrel Waggoner ( Born 1966 ) is a professor of human genetics and pediatrics at the Pritzker School of Medicine , and is the director of Human Genetics at University of Chicago .
Jacques Barbel ( c. 1670 -- 30 July 1740 ) was a French soldier in Canada who stayed in the country and became a part of the history of Quebec .
Jürgen Himmelbauer ( born 20 November 1958 died 13 January 2013 ) was an Austrian politician .
Guo Zhenggang ( simplified Chinese : 郭正钢 ; traditional Chinese : 郭正鋼 ; pinyin : Guō Zhènggāng ; born January 1970 ) is a former major general of the People 's Liberation Army .
Zacharie Myboto ( born 1938 ) is a Gabonese politician and President of the National Union ( UN ) , an opposition party .
Ihor Maliar ( Ukrainian : Ігор Маляр ; Russian : Игорь Маляр ; born 5 August 1971 ) is a Ukrainian former pair skater .
Mahmoud Abdel Razek Fadlallah ( Egyptian Arabic : محمود عبد الرازق `` شيكابالا '' IPA : ( mæħˈmuːd ʕæbdelˈɾæːzeʔ , -eɾˈɾæː- fɑdˈlɑllɑ ) ; born 5 March 1986 ) , commonly known as Shikabala ( IPA : ( ʃikæˈbæːlæ ) ) is an Egyptian footballer who currently plays for Egyptian clubZamalek SC .
Boman Irani ( born 2 December 1959 ) is an Indian film and theatre actor , voice artist and photographer .
Anísio da Rocha ( born 13 October 1912 ) was a Brazilian modern pentathlete and equestrian .
Levon Chorbajian ( born 1942 ) is an American sociologist .
Peter J. Murray ( born 1951 ) is a retired mathematics teacher and a children 's author , well known for his Mokee Joe books .
John Raymond Garrett ( born 12 November 1940 ) is an Australian / British photo journalist whose work is mainly on fashion , reportage and photojournalism .
Fadi Chehadé ( Arabic : فادي شحادة ) ( born 1962 ) is an information technology executive , founder of RosettaNet and current Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of ICANN .
Abu Yahya al - Libi ( Arabic : أبو يحيى الليبي‎ , audio ; c. 1963 , Marzaq -- June 4 , 2012 ) , born Mohamed Hassan Qaid , was an Islamist terrorist and leading high - ranking official within al - Qaeda , and an alleged member of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group .
David Davies , 3rd Baron Davies DL ( born 2 October 1940 ) , is a British peer and engineer .
Michalis Souyioul ( born Souyioultzoglou ) ( Greek : Μιχάλης Σουγιούλ , 1906 - -1958 ) was a significant Greek composer in the early and middle 20th century .
Victor Michael Milenski ( born 1941 ) founded the Long Beach Opera in 1979 , and was its general director for 25 seasons , retiring in 2004 .
Enda Colleran ( May 1942 -- 8 April 2004 ) was an Irish Gaelic football manager and player .
Bailey Tzuke ( born Bailey Jean Muggleton - Tzuke on 28 June 1987 ) is a British singer / songwriter .
Scott James Wells ( 1961 -- October 28 , 2015 ) was an American actor and model , primarily noted for playing the villain Lex Luthor during the first season of the television series Superboy .
Richard Bagwell ( 9 December 1840 -- 4 December 1918 ) was a noted historian of the Stuart and Tudor periods in Ireland , and a political commentator with strong Unionist convictions .
Stefano Scarampella ( 1843 -- January 23 , 1925 ) was an Italian violin and cello maker .
Kenneth Staelens ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkɛ.nət ˈstaː.ləns ) , born 3 May 1991 ) is a Belgian professional footballer , who currently plays for Bilzerse Waltwilder VV .
Peter Millican ( born 1 March 1958 ) is Gilbert Ryle Fellow and Professor of Philosophy at Hertford College , University of Oxford in the United Kingdom .
Daniel Lysons ( 1762 - -1834 ) was a notable English antiquary and topographer of the late 18th and early 19th century , who published the four - volume The Environs of London ( published 1792 to 1796 ) .
William Saywell ( 1643 - -1701 ) was an English churchman and academic , known as a controversialist , archdeacon of Ely , and Master of Jesus College , Cambridge .
Petr Kanko ( born 7 February 1984 ) is a professional ice hockey right winger who currently an Unrestricted Free Agent .
Anna Tsygankova ( Russian : Анна Цыганкова ; born 1979 ) is a Russian ballet dancer .
Phạm Bá Ngoãn , pen name Thanh Hải ( 1930 - -1980 ) was a modern Vietnamese poet .
Edward St. John Neale(1812 - 1866 ) was a British Lieutenant - Colonel and Diplomat who was active in Asia in the 1860s .
Akram Abdel - Majeed ( Arabic : أكرم عبدالمجيد‎ ) ( born July 7 , 1970 ) , is a former Egyptian professional footballer .
Maze Jackson ( 1923 - -1996 ) was an American Independent Baptist evangelist , best known as Brother Maze to fellow preachers and friends .
Ingo Kober ( born 22 July 1942 in Liegnitz , now Legnica in Poland ) was the third president of the European Patent Office .
Dan Lepard ( born 1964 ) is an Australian baker , food writer , photographer , television presenter and celebrity chef .
Jacob Waley ( 17 March 1818 -- 19 June 1873 ) , was an English legal writer .
Clark Murray ( born 1938 ) is an American sculptor who is best known for his large outdoor constructions of welded and painted steel pipes .
Martin William Ashley MVO Dipl Arch RIBA ( born 29 April 1952 ) is a British architect known for restoration of ecclesiastical buildings and royal properties and a specialist in period and listed buildings .
Giorgia Campana ( born 16 May 1995 ) is an Italian artistic gymnast .
Erik Tambuyzer ( born 1949 ) is a Belgian bio - engineer and businessman .
Charles Richard Harington is a Canadian zoologist born in Calgary in May 1933 .
Ines Pellegrini ( born in 1954 ) is a retired Italian actress of Eritrean origin .
Scott Slovic ( born 1960 in Chicago ) is considered one of the central scholars in the field of ecocriticism ( ecological literary criticism ) .
Ross Munnelly ( born 23 December 1982 ) is an Irish sportsperson from County Laois .
Dr. Graham C. Newbury ( 1910 - -1986 ) born in Point Pleasant , New Jersey , United States , was a general surgeon .
Gaetano Stefano Bartolozzi ( 1757 - -1821 ) was an Italian engraver , art dealer , and merchant .
Heinrich Dockweiler ( 1824 -- April 12 , 1887 ) was a patriarch of pioneering family in American Los Angeles , California as it was growing from the Mexican Pueblo de Los Ángeles era of Alta California .
Roozbeh Mirebrahimi is an Iranian Journalist and blogger born in 1978 in Rasht , Iran .
Yuliya Krevsun ( born Yuliya Gurtovenko on 8 December 1980 ) is a Ukrainian middle - distance running athlete who specialises in the 800 metres .
Bethanie Nail ( Bethanie Anne `` Beth '' Nail , married name Kearney ; born 24 March 1956 ) is a retired Australian athlete who specialised in sprint and middle distance running events .
Richard Wroughton ( 1748 - -1822 ) , was an actor , born in 1748 , who worked mainly in Covent Garden ( now the Royal Opera house ) and Drury Lane ( now the Theatre Royal ) , and occasional in the city of his birth , Bath .
Adamski ( born Adam Paul Tinley , 4 December 1967 ) is an English record producer .
Konstantinos Bembis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Μπέμπης , born 1903 , date of death unknown ) was a Greek Olympic fencer .
Antiochus Chuzon ( floruit 429 - 438 ) , called `` the Elder '' to distinguish him from his nephew , was a high official of the Eastern Roman Empire , praetorian prefect of the East and consul , who was a key figure in the formulation of the Codex Theodosianus .
Lee Swindlehurst ( born in Boulder City in 1960 ) is an electrical engineer who has made contributions in sensor array signal processing for radar and wireless communications , detection and estimation theory , and system identification , and has received many awards in these areas .
Nils Mordt ( born 5 December 1983 in Harare , Zimbabwe ) is a rugby union footballer who plays at centre for Saracens and England Sevens .
David Mena ( Hebrew : דוד מנע‎‎ , born 8 April 1953 ) is an Israeli lawyer and former member of the Knesset .
Douglas Maxwell ( born 1974 in Girvan ) is an award - winning Scottish playwright , whose work has been performed throughout Scotland , the UK and abroad .
Maria Abrahamsson ( born 21 July 1963 in Kalmar ) is a Swedish jurist , journalist and politician for the Moderate Party .
Jeannie Hilton ( born 1983 ) is a Canadian author from Montreal , Quebec .
Richard Jay Potash ( born 1948 ) , known professionally as Ricky Jay , is an American stage magician , actor , and writer .
Dean Wallis ( born 27 August 1969 ) is a former Australian rules footballer for the Essendon Football Club of the AFL .
Edmir Bilali ( born 29 August 1970 ) is a former Albanian football player who spent most of his career in Germany as an Attacking midfielder .
Karin Park ( born 6 September 1978 ) is a Swedish - Norwegian singer , songwriter , and model currently living in Bergen , Norway .
Anton Edelmann ( born 1952 ) is a chef , cookery writer , and television cook , who was maître chef des cuisines at the Savoy Hotel in London , England , from 1982 to 2003 .
Rajesh Payal Rai ( Nepali : राजेश पायल राई ) ( born 30 September 1975 ) is a Nepali singer and actor .
Michael Francis Fay ( born 1960 ) is a British geneticist and botanist currently serving as Head of Genetics at the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
Herbert Simmons ( born in 1930 or 1931 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American writer .
Max O'Halloran ( born 20 May 1952 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray and Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Marie - Helene Östlund , née Westin ( born 14 May 1966 ) , is a retired Swedish cross - country skier .
Geoffrey Kipsang Kamworor ( born 22 November 1992 ) is a Kenyan long - distance runner who competes in cross country and half marathon races .
Geoffrey Oryema ( born 16 April 1953 ) is an internationally renowned Ugandan musician .
Lucy Cotton ( 1891 -- 12 December 1948 ) was an American actress who appeared in 12 films between 1910 and 1921 .
Rubina Kuraoka ( born 17 October 1987 in Berlin ) , is a German voice actress .
Otto Wilhelm von Fersen ( 1623 , Reval - 1703 , Kurna ) was a Swedish general and nobleman of the Fersen family , governor general of Ingmermanland and Kexholm from 1691 to 1698 , field marshal 1693 .
Bai Wenqi ( Chinese : 白文奇 ; born October 1955 ) is a lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) , and a former vice admiral of the People 's Liberation Army Naval Air Force ( PLANAF ) .
Donald D. Chamberlin ( born 21 December 1944 ) is an American computer scientist who is best known as one of the principal designers of the original SQL language specification with Raymond Boyce .
Greta Gonda ( 1917 - -1974 ) was an Austrian stage and film actress who emigrated to Italy where she worked as a leading lady .
Alexandre Tichonov was born in around 1962 in modern day Russia .
Ben Hermans ( born 8 June 1986 ) is a Belgian professional road racing cyclist , who currently rides for UCI ProTour team , BMC Racing Team .
Karen Koster ( bprn 9 April 1981 ) is an Irish - Dutch television presenter .
Angèle Bassolé - Ouédraogo ( born 8 February 1967 ) is an Ivoirian - born Canadian poet and journalist .
Morris Michtom ( 1870 -- July 21 , 1938 ) , with his wife Rose , invented the Teddy Bear .
Riyaaz Amlani ( born 20 November 1974 ) is an Indian restaurateur .
Paul Larkins ( born 19 May 1963 ) is a retired English middle - distance runner and a sub 4 minute miler .
Tullio Tamburini ( 22 April 1892 -- 1957 ) was an Italian soldier , adventurer and fascist official .
Igors Šiškins ( born 9 June 1959 ) is a Latvian ultra - nationalist and the director of the `` Gustav Celmiņa center . ''
Lluís Carreras Ferrer ( born 24 September 1972 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mostly as a left back but also as a defensive midfielder , and the current manager of Real Zaragoza .
Thor Chuan Leong ( simplified Chinese : 涂振龙 ; traditional Chinese : 涂振龍 ; pinyin : Tú Zhènlóng ; born 24 March 1988 ) is a Malaysian professional snooker player .
Andreas Bammer ( born 18 July 1984 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays for USK Anif in the Austrian Regionalliga West .
Ishwar C. Harris ( Hindi : इश्वर हर्रिस , Urdu : اِشور ہارِّس‎ ) , ( born 1943 ) , is a professor of religion whose focus spans Hinduism , Buddhism , and Islam .
Running Antelope or Tȟatȟóka Íŋyaŋke ( 1821 - -1896 ) became a head chief of the Hunkpapa in 1851 .
Matthew Babington ( 17 May 1612 -- September 1669 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
Joseph Stennett ( 1663 -- 11 July 1713 ) was an English Seventh Day Baptist minister and hymnwriter .
Mike Spalding ( born 1948 ) is a marathon swimmer , one of only two people to have swum all nine channels of the main Hawaiian Islands .
Lida Husik ( born 1963 ) is a Washington D.C./ New York City artist who was very prominent in the 1990s .
Nick Piercey ( born 7 December 1960 ) is a broadcaster .
Darlenys Obregón Mulato ( born 21 February 1986 ) is a Colombian track and field athlete who competes in the sprinting events , primarily the 200 metres in which she has a personal best of 23.09 seconds .
Naoki Eiga ( 栄花直輝 Eiga Naoki , born 1967 ) is a Japanese kendoka who in 2000 won the individual event at World Kendo Championship ( WKC ) as well as the highest title in Kendo :
Horacio Lavandera ( born Buenos Aires , December 1984 ) is an Argentine pianist , currently residing in Madrid , Spain .
János Parti ( 24 October 1932 -- 6 March 1999 ) was a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed from the early 1950s to the early 1960s .
Andreas Bergwall ( born 10 June 1974 ) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays in Västerås SK as a goalkeeper .
Marlene Belfort , Ph.D. ( born 1945 ) is an American biochemist .
Trygve Bruvik ( born 1952 ) is a Norwegian engineer and businessperson .
Michael Lynne ( born 23 April 1941 in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American film executive .
Maria Pozzi ( born 1 June 1963 ) , best known by the stage name Baby Pozzi , is an Italian former pornographic film actress .
Ladli Begum ( born 1605 ) was the daughter of Sher Afghan , and was married to Mughal prince , Shahryar .
Yasmin Paige ( born 24 June 1991 ) is an English actress who is best known for her roles as Jordana Bevan in Submarine , Beth Mitchell in Pramface and Maria Jackson in The Sarah Jane Adventures .
Severyn Ashkenazy ( born 1936 ) is a Polish - born American hotelier and philanthropist .
Safinaz Kazem , also written Safy Naz Kazem ( born 17 August 1937 , Alexandria ) is an Egyptian author and literary critic .
Billy Waith ( born 30 August 1950 ) , was a Welsh welterwight boxer .
Krzysztof Olszewski ( born 11 June 1970 , Kartuzy , Poland ) , exhibits work as `` KED '' - Polish photographer , visual and installation artist .
Paul Gyorgy ( April 7 , 1893- March 1 , 1976 ) was a Hungarian - born American nutritionist and pediatrician , a recipient of the National Medal of Science , best known for his discovery of three vitamins : riboflavin , vitamin B6 , and biotin .
S Md Nauman ( 3 May 1953 ) is an Indian politician and bureaucrat who is an active member and campaigner of YSR Congress party .
Sonny Assu ( born 1975 in Richmond , British Columbia ) is a Ligwilda'xw Kwakwaka'wakw contemporary artist .
Benjamin Elbel ( 16 March 1690 -- 4 June 1756 ) was a German Franciscan moral theologian .
Makhgalyn Bayarjavkhlan ( Mongolian : Махгалын Баяржавхлан ; born 18 June 1978 in Nömreg sum , Zavkhan aimag ) is a Mongolian judoka who competed in the super heavyweight division ( + 100 kg ) .
Giorgos Fountas ( Greek : Γιώργος Φούντας ; 1924 -- November 28 , 2010 ) was a Greek actor in film and television .
Vladimir Dimitrovski ( Macedonian : Владимир Димитровски ) ( born 30 November 1988 ) is a Macedonian footballer playing for the Czech club FK Teplice .
Bill Lyndon ( born 30 January 1964 ) is an Australian former strongman competitor .
Gert - Jan Prins ( born 1961 ) is a Dutch musician active in free improvisation .
Harrison Barrett ( 1845 - -1917 ) was a former slave born in 1845 to slave parents from Louisiana , Simon and Eliza Barrett .
Jarek Kasar ( also known by his stage name Chalice ; born 3 April 1983 ) is an Estonian singer .
Mihail Simeonov ( Bulgarian : Михаил Симеонов ) ( born 1929 ) is a Bulgarian artist living in New York .
Bokar Tulku Rinpoche ( 1940 -- August 17 , 2004 ) was heart - son of the Second Kalu Rinpoche and a holder of the Karma Kagyü and Shangpa Kagyü lineages .
Ibrahim Farah ( born 24 January 1992 ) is a Welsh professional footballer who is playing for the semi - professional football club Carmarthen Town A.F.C. in the Welsh Premier League .
Hoàng Vũ Samson or Samson Kayode Olaleye ( born 6 October 1988 ) is a Nigerian footballer who gained Vietnamese citizenship in 2013 .
Yunus Badat ( born 1943 , Northern Rhodesia ) was an East African cricketer .
Kareema Saleh Jasim ( born 18 February 1988 ) is a Kenyan - born Bahraini long - distance runner who competes in distances ranging from 3000 metres to the half marathon , as well as the steeplechase .
Keith Paterson ( born 22 November 1931 ) received an MBE in the Queen 's 2015 New Year Honours list `` for services to promoting information technology to elderly people in the UK '' .
Dhanraj Pillay ( born 16 July 1968 in Pune ) is an Indian field hockey player and former captain of the Indian hockey team .
Jude Bolton ( born 15 March 1980 ) is a retired Australian rules football player who represented the Sydney Swans in the AFL between 1999 and 2013 .
Frank Andrews Shimkus ( born 1952 ) is a retired broadcaster and Democratic politician in Pennsylvania .
Julian Marshall ( 24 June 1836 -- 21 November 1903 ) was an English amateur musician , music and print collector , tennis player and writer .
Vivien Mallock FRBS ( born 8 May 1945 ) is an English sculptor who works mainly in bronze .
Julio Barragán ( 1928 - -2011 ) was an Argentine painter of the Concretist and Cubist schools .
Charles Bridgeman ( 1690 - -1738 ) was an English garden designer in the onset of the naturalistic landscape style .
Baruch Hagai ( Hebrew : ברוך חגאי‎ ; born 1944 ) is an Israeli paralympic champion .
Mark Finch ( 21 October 1961 -- 14 January 1995 ) was an English promoter of LGBT cinema .
Mark Lynas ( born 1973 ) is a British author , journalist and environmental activist who focuses on climate change .
Li Daoyu ( Chinese : 李道豫 ; born 1932 ) is a diplomat of the People 's Republic of China .
Petros Solomon ( born 1951 ; also known as Wed'Solomon , Son of Solomon ) is an Eritrean politician .
Bill Dykes ( born Howard William Dykes in Cincinnati , Ohio , in 1946 ) is an American gospel music singer .
Jeong Gu(korean:정구 , hanja:鄭逑 , 1543 - -1620 ) was Korean philosopher , politician , historian and writer , Confucian scholars of the Joseon Dynastys .
Terry Molloy ( born 1947 , North Shields , Tyneside , England ) is an English actor known predominantly for his work on radio and television .
Sidney D. Kirkpatrick ( born 1955 ) is an award - winning documentary filmmaker and a bestselling historical author .
Odd Kvaal Pedersen ( 9 February 1935 -- 16 March 1990 ) was a Norwegian journalist , author and translator .
Sonia Yasmin Ali ( Bengali : সোনিয়া ইয়াসমীন আলী ; born 15 September 1982 ) , also known professionally as SYA , is an English model , singer , photographer , fitness trainer and health coach .
Marek Haščák ( born 8 December 1985 ) is a Slovak professional ice hockey centre currently an unrestricted free agent ( UFA ) .
Laura Csortan ( born 9 November 1976 ) is an Australian model , actress and television presenter .
Rolf Gindorf ( born 14 May 1939 ) is a German sexologist .
Kate Ryan ( born Katrien Verbeeck ; 22 July 1980 ) is a Belgian World Music Award winner .
David Ritch , OBE , JP ( born 1951 ) is a prominent Cayman Islands attorney who has done private and governmental work .
Gillian Bouras ( born 18 August 1945 ) is an expatriate Australian writer who has written several books , short stories and articles , many of these dealing with her experiences as an Australian woman in Greece .
Alice Denney ( born 1922 ) is a curator and arts administrator .
Miles Higson ( born 27 March 1993 ) is a British actor , known for playing Seth Costello in the British soap opera Hollyoaks from 2010 to 2011 .
Tobias Schneider ( born 23 July 1981 , Berlin ) is a German speedskater .
Khánh Hà ( born 28 March 1952 in Đà Lạt ) is a Vietnamese singer .
Josh Penry ( born February 1 , 1976 ) is the former minority leader of the Colorado Senate .
Madhukar Dattatreya Hatakananglekar ( Devanagari : मधुकर दत्तात्रेय हातकणंगलेकर ) ( b. 1927 ) is a Marathi literary critic from Maharashtra , India .
Mohd Muhaimin Omar ( born on 17 March 1989 ) , is a Malaysian footballer .
Søren Wichmann ( born 1964 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish linguist specializing in Mesoamerican languages and epigraphy .
Roberto Pupo Moreno ( born 11 February 1959 ) , usually known as Roberto Moreno and also as Pupo Moreno , is a Brazilian racing driver .
Hans Daniel Namuhuja ( 22 October 1924 -- 23 July 1998 ) was a Namibian poet , author , and teacher .
Michael Stout ( born 1980 ) is an American video game designer .
Stein Olav Bjortomt ( born 13 December 1978 in Eastbourne ) is an England international quiz player .
Kruti Parekh ( born 1984 ) is India 's first test - tube baby at birth , and has been a professional magician since early childhood .
Jennifer Lin ( born 1989 or 1990 , in Florida ) is an American pianist .
Ellen Clegg ( c. 1841- ? ) was a New York criminal specializing in pick pocketing and shoplifting .
Ajith Thilakasena ( born 7 October 1933 ) is a critically acclaimed Sinhala writer who deviated from the conventional use of language and created his own version which is suitable for the modern age .
Tuanku Najihah binti Tunku Besar Burhanuddin ( born 1 September 1924 ) is the Tunku Ampuan of Negeri Sembilan .
Shelagh Armstrong ( born 1961 in Owen Sound , Ontario ) is a Canadian illustrator , and was the recipient of the 1985 Will Davies award for excellence in illustration .
Adam Hansen ( born 11 May 1981 in Southport , Queensland ) is an Australian professional road bicycle racer for UCI ProTour Lotto--
Tomislav Smoljanović ( born 15 July 1977 ) is a Croatian medical scientist , physician , and a retired rower .
Dr. John Tickell ( born 29 January 1945 ) is an Australian doctor , businessman , author , former athlete and speaker .
Hakeem Kae - Kazim ( born 1 October 1962 ) is a Nigerian actor best known for his work in the Starz television series Black Sails and his portrayal of Georges Rutaganda in the 2004 drama film Hotel Rwanda .
Nelson Chamisa ( born 28 February 1978 ) is a Zimbabwean politician and member of the House of Assembly of Zimbabwe for Kuwadzana , Harare .
David H. Rosenbloom ( born 1943 ) is a well - known scholar in the field of Public Administration .
Achille Befani ( 1832 - -1906 ) was an Italian painter , best known as Achille Formis .
Richard van Zijtveld ( born 6 August 1979 ) is a Dutch darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events .
Mira Verås Larsen ( born 17 April 1987 ) is a Norwegian canoe sprinter .
O'Dayne Richards ( born 14 December 1988 in St. Andrew ) is a Jamaican athlete competing in the shot put and discus throw .
Nazish Lutfi ( born 8 August 1966 ) is a Forex trader .
Aubrey Morris ( born Aubrey Jack Steinberg ; 1 June 1926 -- 15 July 2015 ) was a British actor perhaps best known for his appearances in the films A Clockwork Orange and The Wicker Man .
Peter Mennim ( born 1955 ) is a British artist , based in Cambridge .
Karena Richardson ( born 12 October 1959 ) is a British ice skater who competed in ladies ' singles .
Tali Fahima ( Hebrew : טלי פחימה‎ ; Arabic : تاليا فهيمة‎ ; born february 8 , 1976 ) is an Israeli pro - Palestinian activist who was convicted for her contacts with Zakaria Zubeidi , Jenin chief of the Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades .
Kate Sara Chittenden ( 17 April 1856 -- 16 Sept 1949 ) was an American professor of music , music school founder , and piano teacher .
Rina Bovrisse ( born 1974 , Japan ) is a fashion executive , gender equality activist and entrepreneur .
Giles Scott ( born 23 June 1987 ) is a British competitive sailor and 3 time Finn Gold Cup winner who has been selected to represent Team GB in the Finn Class at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro .
Fabio Meraldi ( born 5 August 1965 ) is an Italian ski mountaineer , mountain guide and mountain runner .
Pauline Moran ( born 1947 ) is an English actress , presenter , and astrologer , best known for her role as Miss Lemon in the British television series Agatha Christie 's Poirot .
Mary Jane Haake ( born 1951 ) is an American tattoo artist and authority on medical tattooing and permanent makeup ( cosmetic tattooing ) .
Anselmo Silvino ( born 23 November 1945 ) is a retired Italian middleweight weightlifter .
Nav Bajwa ( Punjabi : ਨਵ ਬਾਜਵਾ ) ( born 26 September 1989 ) , is a Pollywood film actor , dancer , model , athlete and pilot .
Kane Koteka ( born 8 January 1994 ) is an Australian rugby union player who currently plays for the Western Force in the international Super Rugby competition and the Perth Spirit in the National Rugby Championship .
Robert Russell Davies ( born 5 April 1946 ) is a British journalist and broadcaster .
Olaf Dreyer ( born 1969 in Hamburg ) is a German theoretical physicist whose research interests include quantum gravity and the quantum measurement problem .
José Luis Rodríguez Pittí ( born 29 March 1971 ) is a contemporary writer , videoartist and documentary photographer .
William Duffield ( 1816 - 1863 ) was a British still - life painter .
Robert Trees , ( born 18 December 1977 ) is an English former footballer .
Sidney Sladen ( born 20 November 1980 ) is a fashion designer of Kenyan Origin who also worked as costume designer for many Indian films .
Lisa Shoman ( born 1964 ) is a Belizean lawyer and politician and the Foreign Minister of Belize from 2007 to 2008 .
Cornelius Osten ( 11 February 1863 , Bremen -- 6 September 1936 , Montevideo ) was a German businessman and botanist known for his investigations of Uruguayan flora .
Samuel Rahamin `` Sam '' Levy ( 1929 - -2012 ) was a Zimbabwean businessman and property developer best known for his construction of the Sam Levy 's Village shopping mall in Borrowdale , a suburb of Harare , in 1990 .
Sonja Boehmer - Christiansen ( Born 1942 ) is an Emeritus Reader in the Department of Geography at the University of Hull in Kingston upon Hull England , where she taught environmental policy , management and politics .
Mike McGinnis ( born 1973 ) is an American saxophonist , clarinetist , and composer .
Vasco Regini ( born 9 September 1990 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a left back for Napoli on loan from Sampdoria in Serie A. He made his Serie A debut for Sampdoria on 9 May 2009 in a game against Reggina .
Hiran Mitra ( born 1945 ) is an artist based in Kolkata ( West Bengal , India ) .
Ira Sharkansky ( born 1938 , Fall River , Massachusetts ) is professor emeritus of political science and public administration at Hebrew University of Jerusalem .
Birendra Lakra ( born 3 February 1990 ) is an Indian professional field hockey player .
Roseline Emma Rasolovoahangy ( born 1967 ) is a Malagasy entrepreneur and candidate running for the office of President in the Madagascar elections scheduled for July 23 , 2013 .
Maja Ruth Frenkel ( born Maja Brinar ; 14 April 1971 ) is a Croatian entrepreneur and former deputy of Croatian Minister of Economy .
Rev. Dr. William Francis Barry ( 21 April 1849 -- 15 December 1930 ) was a British Catholic priest , theologian , educator and writer .
Raik Hannemann ( born 19 February 1968 ) is a retired German swimmer who won three medals in medley events at the LEN European Aquatics Championships of 1985 - -1989 .
Chen Yuandao ( Chinese : 陈原道 ) ( 1902 - April 10 , 1933 ) also called Yuandao ( Chinese : 元道 ) , was a member of the 28 Bolsheviks .
Stephen Randall Harris ( 1802 - -1879 ) was the third mayor of San Francisco from January 1 --
Yousef Alikhani ( Persian : یوسف علیخانی‎ ; born 1975 ) is an Iranian writer .
Abdelhakim Laref ( born 12 January 1985 ) is a Belgian footballer of Algerian origin .
Alfred Arteaga ( 1950 -- July 4 , 2008 ) was a Chicano poet , writer , and scholar .
Balázs Gulyás ( born 26 June 1956 ) is a Hungarian neurobiologist .
James Deeley ( 1871 -- after 1895 ) was an English professional footballer who played in the Football League for Small Heath .
Duilio Spagnolo ( c. 1927 -- April 15 , 2005 ) was an Italian boxer who was a heavyweight contender during the Joe Louis , Ezzard Charles , Jersey Joe Walcott and Rocky Marciano eras .
Leilani Latu ( born 5 February 1993 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League .
Maxime Martin ( born 20 March 1986 ) is a Belgian professional racing driver , competing in the DTM for BMW Team RMG .
Cecil Hook ( 1 December 1844 - 4 February 1938 ) was , from 1905 to 1915 , the first Bishop of Kingston in the Church of England .
Milko Novaković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Милко Новаковић ; born 21 January 1988 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin footballer who plays for FK Vojvodina .
Hermann Leitner ( born 3 September 1927 ) is an Austrian film editor and film director .
Jon Dorotich ( born 27 April 1962 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for South Fremantle and Carlton during the 1980s and 1990s .
Jakob Lorber ( 22 July 1800 -- 24 August 1864 ) was a Christian mystic and visionary from the Duchy of Styria , who promoted liberal Universalism .
Pierre Williams ( born 1975 ) is a British triple murderer .
Harald Norpoth ( born 22 August 1942 ) is a West German former middle and long distance runner .
Allan Linder ( born 1966 ) is an American artist living in New York .
Jean - Claude Merlin ( born 1954 ) is a French astronomer , founder - president of the Société Astronomique de Bourgogne ( Burgundy Astronomical Society ) .
Antonio Gaona ( 1793 - -1848 ) was a general in the Mexican army of the 19th century .
Charles Nii Armah Mensah Jnr . , ( born 17 October 1984 ) known by his stage name Shatta Wale ( formerly Bandana ) , is a Ghanaian born producer and reggae - dancehall musician .
Lavy Pinto ( born 23 October 1929 ) is an Indian former sprinter .
Roger Alborough ( born 19 February 1953 ) is a British actor who has starred in a number of London West End musicals , including Buddy and Jailhouse Rock .
Moein Al Bastaki ( معين البستكي ) ( born 29 August 1980 ) is a magician , mentalist and illusionist from the United Arab Emirates .
Pietro Baratta ( 1659 - -1729 ) ( 17th century ) was an Italian sculptor of the Baroque period , active in Venice .
Iong Kim Fai ( Chinese : 容儉輝 , born 12 January 1989 ) is a Macanese athlete specialising in the 110 metres hurdles .
Ibn al - Fuwati ( 1244 - -1323 ) ( Arabic : ابن الفوطي ) was an Iraqi historian who wrote a great deal , but whose works have mostly been lost .
Fan Yilin ( simplified Chinese : 范忆琳 ; traditional Chinese : 范憶琳 ; born 11 November 1999 ) is a Chinese artistic gymnast .
Hester Dunn ( born 1944 ) is a Northern Irish former loyalist activist and writer who was a member of the Ulster Defence Association 's ( UDA ) political wing during the period of religious - political conflict known as the Troubles .
Paula Tarvainen , née Huhtaniemi ( born 17 February 1973 ) is a Finnish athlete who specializes in the javelin throw .
Bruno Delbonnel ( born 1957 ) is a French cinematographer , director and screenwriter .
Hugh Trenchard , 3rd Viscount Trenchard DL ( born 12 March 1951 ) is a British soldier and businessman .
Jukka Hakala ( born 7 November 1977 ) is a Finnish former footballer who played as defender .
Joseph Nash ( 17 December 1809 -- 19 December 1878 ) was an English watercolour painter and lithographer , specialising in historical buildings .
Suat Kılıç ( born 23 July 1972 ) is a Turkish lawyer , journalist , and politician .
Patrick Ekwall , ( born 16 July 1965 ) is a Swedish sports journalist .
Angelo Masci ( Arbërisht : Ëngjëll Mashi ; 1758 - -1821 ) was an Arbëresh jurist and scholar .
Lars Fiske ( born 21 July 1966 ) is a Norwegian comics writer and artist , and creator of picture books .
Vice Admiral Sally Brice - O'Hara ( born c. 1953 ) was the 27th Vice - Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard .
Bernadette Roberts ( born 1931 ) is a former Carmelite nun and a contemplative in the Catholic tradition .
Jia Chunwang ( simplified Chinese : 贾春旺 ; traditional Chinese : 賈春旺 ; pinyin : Jiǎ Chūnwàng ; born 1938 ) was the former Procurator - general of the Supreme People 's Procuratorate , a post equivalent to Attorney General in the United States .
Kostya Kennedy ( born 1967 ) is an award - winning American sportswriter .
Fujiwara no Koretada ( 藤原 伊尹 ; 924 - -972 ) , also known as Fujiwara no Koremasa or Kentokuko , Ichijō sesshō and Mikawa - kō , was a Japanese statesman , courtier , politician and waka - poet during the Heian period .
Mary O'Connell ( better known as Sister Anthony , S.C. ) ( 1814 -- December 8 , 1897 ) was an Irish immigrant to the United States , who became a Roman Catholic Religious Sister .
Gbenga Elegbeleye ( born 1 October 1964 ) is a Nigerian sports administrator and a politician .
David Prever ( born ca . 1967 ) is a four time Sony Award winning radio presenter , and thriller author .
Igor Simčič ( born 4 September 1954 ) is a Slovenian sports businessman , winemaker , and owner of the yacht Esimit Europa 2 ( formerly Alfa Romeo 2 ) , which in 2010 won all attended regattas , including the 42nd Barcolana regatta sailing race .
Ilya Zalmanovich Baskin ( Russian : Илья́ ( Э́лиа ) За́лманович Ба́скин ; Latvian : Iļja Zalmanovičs Baskins ; born 11 August 1950 ) , known as Elya Baskin , is an American actor .
Alex Attwood MLA ( born 26 April 1959 ) is an Irish politician , who served as Minister for Environment in the Northern Ireland Executive .
Seyed Mohammad Tabibian ( born 1948 ) is an Iranian economist who served under the administration of Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani as deputy director of the Planning and Budget Organization .
David G. Peterson , ( born 28 October 1944 ) is a scholar of the New Testament .
Danilo Napolitano ( born 31 January 1981 ) is an Italian professional road racing cyclist on Wanty - Groupe Gobert , and is chiefly known for his sprinting abilities .
Julieta Castellanos ( born 8 January 1954 ) is a Honduran sociologist and the rector of the National Autonomous University of Honduras ( UNAH ) since 2009 .
Sam Ssimbwa ( born in 1967 ) is an Ugandan professional football player and manager .
Cora Hubbard ( February 1877 - ? ) was a 19th - century outlaw who participated in the August 17 , 1897 robbing of the McDonald County Bank in Pineville , Missouri .
Herath Mudiyanselage Charitha Malinga Bandara ( born 31 December 1979 ) , commonly known as Malinga Bandara , he studied at the Kalutara Vidyalaya , he is a Sri Lankan Test and one - day international cricketer .
Alison Wearing ( born 1967 ) is a Canadian writer and performer .
Are nt Arentsz , also known as Cabel , ( 1585 -- 18 August ( buried ) , 1631 ) was a Dutch Golden Age landscape painter .
Laurie Zeluck Carter ( 1957 - -2006 ) was an American pianist and electronic musician who recorded under the name Laurie Z. Her music is described as a blend of classical , jazz and contemporary instrumental .
Dean Yeagle is an American animator and cartoonist , born in 1950 in the United States , known for his character ' Mandy ' , who has frequented the pages of Playboy Magazine .
Frederick Bianchi is an American - born composer and music technologist ( born 1954 ) .
David Blankenhorn ( born in Jackson , Mississippi in 1955 ) is the founder and president of the Institute for American Values , co - director of The Marriage Opportunity Council , and the author of Fatherless America and The Future of Marriage .
Brad Garton ( born 1957 ) is an American composer and computer musician who is professor of music at Columbia University .
Rick Cook ( born 1944 ) is a light fantasy author from the United States , best known for his Wizardry series of books .
Herman Hunt born 10 May 1983 in Auckland , New Zealand is a rugby union player for the Queensland Reds in the Super Rugby competition .
Nanette Newman ( born 29 May 1934 ) is an English actress and author .
Ji Xiang ( Chinese : 吉翔 ; pinyin : Jí Xiáng ; born 1 March 1990 ) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jiangsu Suning in the Chinese Super League .
Benjamin Hirsch Auerbach ( born at Neuwied in 1808 ; died at Halberstadt , September 30 , 1872 ) was a German rabbi and one of the most prominent leaders of modern Orthodox Judaism .
Louis de Pastour de Costebelle ( ca . 1658 -- unknown ) naval officer served as interim governor of Plaisance ( Placentia ) , Newfoundland , before the arrival of Jacques - François de Monbeton de Brouillan in 1690 .
Hilde Krahl ( 10 January 1917 -- 28 June 1999 ) was an Austrian film actress .
Nina de Vries ( born 1961 ) is a Dutch sex worker or sexual surrogate who offers erotic massages to intellectually disabled men and women in Berlin and other parts of Germany .
Lucius Minicius Natalis Quadronius Verus ( Barcino , 97 dC -- ? ) was a Roman statesman and military leader who served as the Proconsul of Africa from 153 to 154 .
Gong Runbo ( simplified Chinese : 宫润伯 ; traditional Chinese : 宮潤伯 ; pinyin : Gōng Rùnbó ; 1972 - 31 December 2006 ) was a Chinese serial killer who , between March 2005 and February 2006 , murdered six children between the ages of 9 and 16 .
Nelson Johnson ( born 1948 ) is an American lawyer and author , best known for his New York Times bestseller , Boardwalk Empire :
Prof . Dani Koren ( Hebrew : דני קורן‎ , born 12 February 1945 ) is a former Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for the Labor Party in 2006 .
Ronny Nikol ( born 11 July 1974 ) is a German former footballer who played as a left wing - back .
Adam Agius ( born 21 September 1971 ) is the vocalist , guitarist , keyboardist and a founding member of the progressive metal band Alchemist .
Susannah Fiennes ( born 1961 ) is a British artist who has worked extensively with the Prince of Wales and is collected in Europe , Asia and America .
Roger Spottiswoode ( born 5 January 1945 ) is a British - Canadian film director , editor and writer .
Peter Kurrild - Klitgaard ( born 1966 ) is a Danish political scientist with a particular interest in public choice analysis and classical liberalism .
Hiller B. Zobel ( born 1932 ) is an Associate Justice ( retired ) of the Superior Court of Massachusetts and author or coauthor of several books on various legal topics , including the Boston Massacre and John Adams .
Charles Francis Hall ( 1821 -- November 8 , 1871 ) was an American Arctic explorer .
Yan Youmin ( Chinese : 严佑民 ) ( 1918 - -2001 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Rong Guiqing ( simplified Chinese : 戎贵卿 ; traditional Chinese : 戎貴卿 ; pinyin : Róng Guìqīng ; born May 1958 ) is a major general in the Chinese People 's Liberation Army .
Blanche of Burgundy ( c. 1296 -- c. 1326 ) was Queen of France and Navarre for a few months in 1322 through her marriage to King Charles IV the Fair .
Walter Willett , M.D. , Dr . P.H. ( born in 1945 in Hart , Michigan ) is an American physician and nutrition researcher .
Famirul Asyraf Sayuti ( born 17 November 1989 ) is a Malaysian footballer who is lastly played for Melaka United in FAM League .
Air Chief Marshal ( Ret ) Ida Bagus Putu Dunia ( born 20 February 1957 ) is the former Chief of the Air Staff of the Indonesian Air Force .
Dr. Arthur Lewis Piper ( 31 December 1883 - 1983 ) was a medical missionary in the Belgian Congo , supported by the Detroit Epworth League .
Samuel Nicholas Smallwood ( 5 September 1772 -- September 30 1824 ) was the fifth and seventh mayor of Washington , D.C. and was the first popularly elected mayor of the city .
Neil Willey ( born 11 September 1976 ) is a former international backstroke swimmer from England .
Billy Bob Buttons ( born 25 September 1970 ) the pen name of Edward Hugh Trayer , is a British - born children and young adult novelist .
Richard Allsop ( 10 June 1849 -- 20 March 1908 ) was an English first class cricketer who played for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1872 and 1874 .
Jean Luret ( born 6 August 1952 ) is a French director , producer and screenwriter .
Sheikha Hind bint Maktoum bin Juma Al Maktoum ( Arabic : الشيخة هند بنت مكتوم بن ُجمعة ال مكتوم ; born 12 February 1962 ) is the senior wife and consort of Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum , ruler of Dubai .
William Heminges ( 1602 -- c. 1653 ? ) , also Hemminges , Heminge , and other variants , was a playwright and theatrical figure of the Caroline period .
Anna Torv ( born 7 June 1979 ) is an Australian actress known for her role as FBI agent Olivia Dunham on the Fox television series Fringe ( 2008 - -2013 ) .
Abdullah Msheleh Al - Marzouq ( Arabic : عبدالله مشيلح المرزوق‎ ; born 19 July 1985 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer currently playing with Al Nasr in Kuwaiti Premier League .
Horace Green ( 23 April 1918 -- July 2000 ) was an English professional footballer who made 367 appearances in the Football League playing for Halifax Town and Lincoln City .
Joanne H. Alter ( 1927 -- November 9 , 2008 ) was an American activist , politician , and the first woman to break the gender barrier in Chicago area politics .
Pae Tal - jun ( born 1936 ) is a high - ranking North Korean politician and bureaucrat .
William Henry Balgarnie ( 12 May 1869 -- c. July 1951 ) was a schoolmaster at Elmfield College , Woodbridge School and The Leys School , and is believed to have been the inspiration for the character Mr Chips in the book Goodbye , Mr. Chips , written by one of his students at The Leys , James Hilton .
Jacob Faggot ( 13 March 1699 , Uppsala County -- 28 February 1777 , Stockholm ) was a Swedish scientist .
Barry Perry ( 2 April 1939 -- 2 June 2013 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vlatko Glavaš ( born 2 September 1962 ) is a Bosnian football manager and a former player .
Luo Hongxian ( Chinese : 羅洪先 ; 1504 - -1564 ) was a Ming dynasty Chinese cartographer .
Abhijeet Kosambi ( Marathi : अभिजीत कोसंबी ) ( born in 1982 ) was the winner of the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi singing contest and was a finalist on Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007 achieving 11th place with public votes .
David Finfer ( born June , 1942 ) is a film editor who was nominated at the 1993 Academy Awards for Best Film Editing for the film The Fugitive .
Alexis Leon ( born 19 July 1966 ) is an Indian software consultant and author of 50 books on IT , Internet , and management .
Welliton de Moraes Coimbra , known as Tozin ( or spells a Tozim , born 10 November 1984 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Najran .
Anne Summers PhD AO ( born 12 March 1945 ) is a writer and columnist , is best known as a leading feminist , editor and publisher .
Christian Clemens ( German pronunciation : ( ˈkʁɪs.tɪ.an ˈklɛ.məns ) ; born 4 August 1991 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a winger for 1 .
First Lieutenant Clifford Carwood Lipton ( 30 January 1920 -- 16 December 2001 ) was a commissioned officer with Easy Company , 2nd Battalion , 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment , in the 101st Airborne Division during World War II . Lipton was portrayed by Donnie Wahlberg in the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers .
Laurence Cummings ( born 1968 , Birmingham ) , MA ( Oxon ) , ARCM , FRCO , HonRAM is a British harpsichordist , organist , and conductor .
Azu ( born 8 December 1981 , stylized as AZU ) is a Japanese R&B singer .
Jørn Hoel ( born 27 July 1957 ) is a Norwegian composer , guitarist and singer .
Caroline Kellett ( 1960 - 26 August 2014 ) , usually known just as Kellett , was a British journalist who was fashion editor of Tatler and held a number of other positions in British fashion journalism .
Andrei Korobeinik ( born 5 November 1980 ) is an Estonian computer programmer and entrepreneur , founder and CEO of Rate Solutions and Serenda Invest .
Spyros Spyromilios ( Greek : Σπύρος Σπυρομήλιος ; 1864 - -1930 ) was a Greek Gendarmerie officer who took part in the Greek struggle for Macedonia and the Balkan Wars .
Adriano Foglia ( born 25 April 1981 ) , is a Brazilian - born Italian futsal player who plays for Marca Futsal as a Flank .
Renato Pengo ( born 1943 ) is an Italian artist and painter , active since 1966 in the artistic languages of painting , photography , video , installations and performances .
Louis de Bernières ( born 8 December 1954 ) is a British novelist most famous for his fourth novel , Captain Corelli 's Mandolin .
Manachanallur Giridharan ( born 15 April 1964 ) is a South Indian music director , lyricist , singer , and also an educationist .
Céline Schärer ( born 9 February 1990 ) , is a professional Swiss triathlete , National U23 Champion of the year 2010 and member of the National Team ( Team Olympic Distance ) .
Ryszard Czerniawski ( born 1952 ) is a Polish lawyer and economist .
Professor Sir Michael Adrian Richards , CBE MD FRCP DSc(Hon ) ( born 14 July 1951 ) is a leading British oncologist .
Serdar Eylik ( born 1 February 1990 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger in Sarıyer .
Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem ( born 1955 in the Dubai UAE ) was the chairman of Dubai World until December 12 , 2010 .
Peire Rogier ( born c. 1145 ) was a twelfth - century Auvergnat troubadour ( fl . 1160 -- 1180 ) and cathedral canon from Clermont .
F. M. Shinde ( Rupurkar ) ( Devanagari : फ. मुं. शिंदे ) ( b. 1948 ) is a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Stephen Trigg ( c. 1744 -- August 19 , 1782 ) was an American pioneer and soldier from Virginia .
Santiago Rodríguez Ramiro ( 27 July 1968 Málaga ) , professionally known as Santi Rodríguez , in an Spanish actor and comedian .
Salmann Tamimi ( born 1955 ) is a founding member of the Association Iceland - Palestine ( Félagið Ísland - Palestína ) and the Association of Muslims in Iceland ( Félag múslima á Íslandi ) .
Kurt Burnette ( born 7 November 1955 at Sculthorpe Royal Air Force Base in Norfolk , England , UK ) is the Bishop or Eparch of the Byzantine Catholic Eparchy of Passaic .
Parithi Ilamvazhuthi or Parithi Ellamvazhuthi ( born in Chennai , on 11 November 1959 ) is an Indian politician .
Admiral Alain Oudot de Dainville ( born 15 March 1947 in Marsat ( Puy de Dôme ) ) is a French Navy officer .
Eliezer Waldman ( Hebrew : אליעזר ולדמן‎ , born 11 February 1937 ) is an Israeli rabbi and former politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Tehiya between 1984 and 1990 .
Israel Stoughton ( 1603?-1644 ) was an early English colonist in Massachusetts , and later a Parliamentarian officer in the First English Civil War .
David Hollister ( born 1942 ) served as the mayor of Lansing , Michigan from 1993 to 2003 , until he resigned to be the director of the Michigan Department of Labor and Economic Growth under Michigan Governor Jennifer Granholm 's administration .
Lee Jae - dong ( born 9 January 1990 ) , who plays simply under the name Jaedong , is a South Korean professional StarCraft :
Franz Karl Stanzel ( born August 4 , 1923 in Molln ) is an Austrian literary theorist , specialised in English literature .
Robert - Jay Green ( born 1948 ) is Founder and Senior Research Fellow of the Rockway Institute , and Distinguished Professor ( Emeritus ) in the Clinical Psychology PhD Program of the California School of Professional Psychology , a division of Alliant International University .
Klaus Glahn ( born 23 March 1942 ) is a retired West German judoka who competed at the 1964 and 1972 Olympics .
Simon Barjie ( born 6 September 1978 ) is an Italian - born Gambian footballer now Free Agent .
Zhang Lifan ( Chinese : 章立凡 ; pinyin : Zhāng Lìfán , born July 1950 ) , is a Chinese writer , scholar and historian .
Spencer Heath McCallum ( born 1931 ) , commonly known as Spencer MacCallum , is an American anthropologist , business consultant and author .
Malvin Hunter ( born November 20 , 1969 ) is a former American and Canadian football linebacker and defensive end in the World League of American Football ( WLAF ) and Canadian Football League ( CFL ) .
Rosa Luz Alegría Escamilla ( born 1949 ) is a Mexican physicist who was the first woman to serve in the Mexican Executive Cabinet .
Gary Goodchild ( born 27 January 1958 ) is a former English footballer who played in the Football League for Arsenal , Crystal Palace , Hereford United and Reading .
Marcin Jaskulski ( born 11 November 1977 ) is a Polish - born Australian journalist based in the north - western New South Wales town of Bourke .
Soghomon Soghomonian , ordained and commonly known as Komitas , ( Armenian : Կոմիտաս ; 26 September 1869 -- 22 October 1935 ) was an Armenian priest , musicologist , composer , arranger , singer , and choirmaster , who is considered the founder of Armenian national school of music .
Thomas R. Martin ( born 1947 ) is an American historian who is a specialist in the history of the Greco - Roman world .
Phil Tate ( 28 April 1922 -- 9 December 2005 ) was an English dance bandleader .
Fabian Hugh Poulin ( born 9 February 1931 in Ottawa , Ontario ) is a former Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Yao Tandong ( Chinese : 姚檀栋 ; born July 1954 in Gansu ) is a Chinese glaciologist , a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences ( CAS ) .
Alan Maxwell ( 1870 -- unknown ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Darwen , Everton and Stoke .
George Humphrey Wolferstan Rylands CH CBE ( 23 October 1902 -- 16 January 1999 ) , known as Dadie Rylands , was a British literary scholar and theatre director .
Elizabeth Keawepoʻoʻole Sumner Chapman Achuck Lapana ( December 1850 -- February 22 , 1911 ) was a Hawaiian high chiefess during the Kingdom of Hawaii and lady - in - waiting of Princess Likelike .
Jon Espen Lohne ( born 1964 ) , is a Norwegian businessperson in the media sector .
Mario Roberto Santucho ( 12 August 1936 , Santiago del Estero--19 July 1976 , Villa Martelli ) was an Argentine revolutionary .
Yair Peretz ( Hebrew : יאיר פרץ‎ , born 1954 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Shas from 1999 until being convicted of fraudulently obtaining an academic degree in March 2006 .
Tekle Kidane ( born 30 August 1939 in Asmara ( Abashawl ) ) is a former football player .
Mark McNee ( born 9 July 1981 in Adelaide ) is an Australian short track speed skater .
Richard Hampden ( baptized 13 October 1631 -- 15 December 1695 ) was an English Whig politician and son of Ship money tax protestor John Hampden .
Mümtaz Tahincioğlu ( born 1952 in Mardin , Turkey ) is a former racing car driver and long - time president of the Turkish Motorsports Federation ( TOSFED ) , FIA Council Member , and served as the secretary general of the sports club Galatasaray S.K ..
Otto Valdemar Koch ( 20 October 1852 - 24 February 1902 ) was a Danish architect and local politician .
Edith Barretto Stevens Parsons ( 1878 Houston , Virginia -1956 New Canaan , Connecticut ) was an American sculptor .
Nick de Bondt ( born 21 April 1994 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a left winger for FC Dordrecht , on loan from Go Ahead Eagles , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Jan Renier Snieders ( 22 November 1812 in Bladel -- 9 April 1888 in Turnhout ) , a brother of August Snieders , was a Flemish writer .
Hà Thị Cầu ( 1928 - 3 March 2013 ) was a famous blind Vietnamese xẩm singer .
Jorge Alberto Lozoya Legorreta ( born 1943 ) is a Mexican diplomat with broad experience in international cooperation and cultural affairs .
Mohamed Serghini ( born 1930 ) is a famous Moroccan poet .
Vladimir Gutiérrez Rodríguez ( born in 1995 ) is a Cuban professional baseball pitcher .
Wally Harper ( c. 1941 -- October 8 , 2004 ) was an American musical director , composer , conductor , dance arranger , and musical supervisor for many Broadway and Off - Broadway productions .
Necdet Murat Özyer ( born 31 March 1966 , İstanbul ) is a former Turkish national basketball player .
Emil Ivanov ( Bulgarian : Емил Иванов , born 30 June 1962 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian former wrestler who won the world championship in 1986 and 1989 .
Pierre Ngolo ( born 27 June 1954 ) is a Congolese politician who has been Secretary - General of the Congolese Labour Party ( PCT ) since August 2011 .
William Pettigrew was born on 26 August 1825 at Tarbolton , Ayr , Scotland , the son of Robert Pettigrew ( a farmer ) and Mary McWhinnie .
Derek Hansen ( London , 1944 ) is a novelist and short story writer .
William Buick ( born 22 July 1988 ) is a Norwegian - born flat jockey who holds both British and Danish citizenship .
Berndt Andreas Tilliander ( born 1977 ) is a Swedish electronica , drone and techno producer who significantly contributed to the evolution of the ' clicks & cuts ' genre with his first albums Cliphop ( Raster . Noton ) and Ljud ( Mille Plateaux ) .
Chris Adshead ( born 1952 ) is an Australian television director , mainly of comedy and soap operas , including The Young Doctors , A Country Practice , Blue Heelers and Neighbours .
Zeynab Javadli ( Azeri : Zeynəb Cavadlı ) ( born 19 July 1991 ) is an Azerbaijani gymnast .
Peter Tomaily ( Cyrillic : Петр Томайлы , born 21 October 1965 in Cioc - Maidan , Moldavian SSR ) is a free market politician in Transnistria and a member of the Transnistrian parliament for the opposition party Renewal .
Colonel Nico Ries ( born 30 July 1953 in Luxembourg City ) is a Luxembourgian soldier and former Chief of Defence of the Luxembourg Army .
Andrea Menard ( born 1971 ) is a Canadian actress , playwright , and jazz singer .
Shabnam Gholikhani ( Persian : شبنم قلی خانی‎‎ ; born 10 November 1977 ) is an Iranian actress and television director .
William Daroff ( born 1968 ) is the Senior Vice President for Public Policy and Director of the Washington Office of The Jewish Federations of North America ( JFNA ) formerly known as United Jewish Communities .
Oscar Kamau Kingara ( July 14 , 1971 - March 5 , 2009 ) was a Kenyan lawyer and human rights activist .
Petrese B. Tucker ( born 1951 ) is the Chief United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania .
Anita Vogel was born on 24 November 1969 to an Armenian mother and an Eastern European father .
Yukihime Asada ( born 4 December 1965 ) , better known by her stage name Fubuki Takane ( 高嶺 ふぶき Takane Fubuki ) , is a Japanese actress and a former member of the Takarazuka Revue , where she specialized in playing male characters ( Otokoyaku ) .
Tigran Yesayan ( Armenian : Տիգրան Եսայան , born 2 June 1972 ) is an Armenian football former player and coach .
Suzanne Lacy ( born 1945 ) is an American artist , educator , and writer .
Ousmane Zongo ( born c. 1960 -- May 22 , 2003 ) was a Burkinabé arts trader living in New York City .
Ashok Mehta ( 1947- August 15 , 2012 ) was a noted national film award winning Indian film cinematographer , known for films such as Bandit Queen ( 1994 ) , 36 Chowringhee Lane ( 1981 ) and Utsav ( 1984 ) .
Bob Frazer ( born 1971 ) is an award winning actor , born in Ontario .
Janko Ravnik ( 7 March 1891 -- 2 September 1981 ) was a Slovenian pianist , teacher , film director and composer .
Maria Christina Lampe Önnerud ( born 4 February 1967 ) is a Swedish chemist , battery - inventor and entrepreneur .
Professor Li - kuo Fu ( or Li Kuo Fu ) ( born 1934 ) worked for the Institute of Botany at the Chinese Academy of Sciences , Beijing .
Donald Henry Floyd ( 1892 -- 1965 ) was a painter known for his work in South East Wales .
Stephen Ullmann ( Hungarian : Ullmann István ; 31 July 1914 -- 10 January 1976 ) was a Hungarian linguist who spent most of his life in England and wrote about style and semantics in Romance and common languages .
Finn Jarle Sæle ( born 10 June 1947 ) is a Norwegian editor , activist , theologian and former priest .
Sofiane Chellat ( born 12 January 1990 ) is a French Rugby union player .
Wilfrid North ( 16 January 1863 -- 3 June 1935 ) , also spelled Wilfred North , was an Anglo - American film director , actor , and writer of the silent film era .
Raul Eshba ( Abkhaz : Раул Эшба ; Georgian : რაულ ეშბა ) ( 1944 - 1993 ) was an ethnic Abkhaz politician who was killed in Sukhumi along with Zhiuli Shartava , Guram Gabiskiria and others by Abkhaz separatist rebels during the mass murder of Georges in Abkhazia on September 27 , 1993 .
Charlie Sevior ( 11 May 1908 -- 28 May 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ivan Karetnikov ( Russian : Иван Каретников ; born 1942 ) is a retired Soviet swimmer who specialized in the 200 m breaststroke .
Austen Fox Riggs ( 1876 - March 5 , 1940 ) was an American psychiatrist and pioneering researcher in stress response .
Luiza Gega ( born 5 November 1988 ) is an Albanian athlete specializing in middle - distance running .
Levon Ambartsumian ( Russian : Лево́н Амбарцумя́н ; Armenian : Լևոն Համբարձումյան ; born 1955 ) is an Armenian classical violinist and conductor .
David Arthur Skinner ( born 3 January 1980 on the Isle of Wight , UK ) is a pianist , bandleader and composer known from performing all types of improvisation music , from early jazz and stride piano through bebop , swing and contemporary music .
Hedley Shaw ( 1866 -- November 29 , 1921 ) was a miller and politician in Ontario .
Carla Battaglia - Greene ( born 1963 ) , is a native of Centerville , Ohio .
Elhan Rasulov ( Azerbaijani : Elhan Rasulov , born 26 March 1960 ) is an Azerbaijani footballer who played for FC Karpaty Lviv .
Robert Tannahill was born at Castle Street in Paisley on 3 June 1774 , the fourth son in a family of seven .
Pope Martin V ( Latin : Martinus V ; January / February 1369 -- 20 February 1431 ) , born Otto ( or Oddone ) Colonna , was Pope from 11 November 1417 to his death in 1431 .
Ed Gebski is an artist from Amsterdam ( 1959 in Heerlen ) .
Roisin Conaty ( /ˈroʊʃiːn ˈkɔːnətiː/ ; born 26 March 1979 ) is an English comedian .
Adego Erhiawarie Eferakeya was born at Adagbrasa of Aghalokpe , Okpe Local Government Area , Delta State , Nigeria , on 9 July 1940 .
Art Ó Laoghaire ( IPA:ˈaɾˠt̪ˠoːˈl̪ˠiːəɾʲə , also Airt Ó Laoghaire or Art O'Leary , born 1746 , died May 4 , 1773 ) , an Irish Roman Catholic , was a captain in the Hungarian Hussars Regiment of the army of Maria Theresa of Austria .
Marisol Misenta ( born 6 March 1972 ) , known professionally under the mononym Isol , is an Argentine creator of children 's picture books and a pop singer .
Neil Lyne ( born 4 April 1970 ) is an English former professional footballer who played as a winger in the Football League for Nottingham Forest , Walsall , Shrewsbury Town , Cambridge United , Chesterfield , Hereford United and Northampton Town .
Hristo Arangelov ( Bulgarian : Христо Арангелов ; born 25 February 1978 ) is a Bulgarian former footballer who spent his career at Pirin Blagoevgrad , Minyor Pernik , Marek Dupnitsa , Dunav Ruse , Hebar Pazardzhik , Spartak Varna and Balkan Botevgrad .
Tim Cindric ( born 1968 ) is the President of Team Penske .
Bantoo Singh ( born 17 February 1963 ) , also spelled as Bantu Singh , is a former Indian first - class cricketer who played for Delhi cricket team from 1985/86 to 1995/96 .
David Moran ( 29 June 1988 ) is an Irish Gaelic footballer with Kerins O'Rahilly 's and Kerry senior football team .
Paul Ormond ( born 18 August 1977 near Templemore , County Tipperary ) is an Irish sportsperson .
Smriti Mandhana ( born 18 July 1996 ) is an Indian cricketer who plays for the Indian women 's cricket team .
Charles Tchen ( born 17 September 1945 ) is a Gabonese engineer and businessman .
Louis - Christophe Zaleski - Zamenhof ( born Ludwik Krzysztof Zamenhof , 23 January 1925 ) is a civil and marine engineer , specializing in the design of structural steel and concrete construction .
Amdhan Ali ( born 11 September 1992 ) is a Maldivian footballer , commonly known as Andy .
Urani Rumbo was born in December 1895 in Stegopul , a village near Gjirokastër in southern Albania .
Stéphane Christidis ( Nice , 4 June 1981 ) is a French sailor .
Geoff Moriarty ( 28 October 1871 -- 29 October 1948 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy from the inaugural Victorian Football League season in 1897 .
Craig Shergold ( born 24 June 1979 ) is a British former cancer patient who received an estimated 350 million greeting cards , earning him a place in the Guinness Book of World Records .
Larisa Arap ( Russian : Лари́са Ива́новна Ара́п ; born in 1958 ) is a Russian opposition activist who became a victim of involuntary commitment in the psychiatric facilities of Murmansk and Apatity , soon after publishing her article about mistreatment of patients in the same hospital where she was committed in July , 2007 .
Nitin Sahrawat ( Hindi : नितिन सहरावत ) , ( Born 13 August 1981 ) , is an Indian television actor and a model .
Jean Matheus ( 1590 - -1672 ) was a 17th - century French engraver who flourished during the 1620s .
Bob de Vries ( born 16 December 1984 , Haule ) is a Dutch professional marathon speed skater and long track speed skater .
Charles Sherwood Noble ( 1873 -- July 5 , 1957 ) invented a minimum disturbance cultivator called the Noble blade .
Maximiliano Vallejo ( born 24 April 1982 ) is an Argentine professional football player currently playing for Nacional Potosí in the Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano .
Maria Cherkasova ( born 1938 ) is a journalist , ecologist , and director of Centre for Independent Ecological Programmers ( CIEP ) .
Fabienne Reuteler ( born 2 September 1979 ) is a Swiss snowboarder and Olympic medalist .
Jarman Impey ( born 9 July 1995 ) is an indigenous Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the AFL .
Marni Kotak ( born 1974 ) is an American artist best known for her durational performance / exhibition The Birth of Baby X , in which she gave birth to her son Baby X ( aka Baby Ajax ) as a live performance at Microscope Gallery in Brooklyn , NY , USA , on October 25 , 2011 .
Jim Self ( born 1943 ) is an American tubist and composer from Los Angeles .
Julia Christensen ( born 1976 ) is a multidisciplinary artist and writer based in Oberlin , Ohio .
Horace Panter ( born Stephen Graham Panter , 30 August 1953 ) also known as Sir Horace Gentleman , is the bassist for the British 2 Tone ska band The Specials .
Humphrey Campbell ( born 26 February 1958 in Suriname ) is a Dutch singer and record producer of Surinamese descent , known for his participation in the 1992 Eurovision Song Contest .
Abraão José Bueno ( born 1977 ) is a Brazilian nurse and serial killer .
Robert Rietti , born Lucio Rietti and usually credited as Robert Rietty ( 8 February 1923 -- 3 April 2015 ) , was an English actor and director of Italian heritage .
Alfred Hume ( 1866 - -1950 ) was the Chancellor of the University of Mississippi from 1924 to 1930 , and from 1932 to 1935 .
Saulius Ritter ( born 23 August 1988 ) is a Lithuanian rower , best known for winning a gold medal at the 2011 European Rowing Championships .
Pietro Camporese the Elder ( 1726 - -1781 ) was an Italian architect .
Filippo Scaglia ( born 31 January 1992 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays for Cittadella as a centre back .
Henry Shefflin ( born 11 January 1979 ) is an Irish hurler who played as a centre - forward for the Kilkenny senior team .
Floyd Sonnier ( 1933 to April 6 , 2002 ) , known as `` beau Cajun '' or the `` artist of the Cajuns , '' was a native of Pointe Noire , Louisiana and a lifelong resident of Louisiana 's Acadiana region .
Vikas Thakur ( born 14 November 1993 ) is an Indian weightlifter , who won silver in the men 's 85 kg weight class at the 2014 Commonwealth Games at Glasgow , Scotland .
Caterina Scarpellini ( 29 October 1808 -- 28 November 1873 ) , was an Italian astronomer and meteorologist .
Bobby Stuart ( 9 October 1913 -- 1987 ) was a professional footballer who played as a defender for Middlesbrough , Plymouth Argyle and Whitby Town .
Friedrich Werner ( Gottleuba , Pirna , 3 October 1621 - 1660s ? ) was a German cornettist under Heinrich Schütz at the Dresden court .
Tomasz Witkowski ( born 1963 ) is a Polish psychologist , skeptic and science writer .
Julia Hamer - Bevis ( née Hamer ; born 19 October 1971 ) , better known by her ring names Sweet Saraya and Saraya Knight , is an English professional wrestler and promoter .
Jing Wenchun ( Chinese : 景文春 ; born May 1949 ) is a retired lieutenant general ( zhong jiang ) of the People 's Liberation Army Air Force ( PLAAF ) of China .
Jules Deseilligny ( 1868 - -1918 ) , full name Jules Alfred Pierrot Deseilligny , was a French selenographer .
Nelson W. Aldrich Jr. ( born 1935 ) is an American editor and the author of Old Money :
Jody Rainwater aka Little Jody Rainwater ( born Charles Edward Johnson , Surry County , North Carolina , 1920 -- died Richmond , Virginia , December 24 , 2011 ) was an American bluegrass musician and radio personality .
Antoni Imiela ( born 1954 ) is a convicted British rapist who grew up in County Durham , England .
Christian Ganczarski ( born 1966 ) is a German citizen of Polish ancestry who converted to Islam .
Serge Strosberg ( born in October , 1966 ) is a Belgian painter living in SOHO , NYC since 2008 .
Mario Livio ( born 1945 ) is an Israeli astrophysicist and an author of works that popularize science and mathematics .
Qian Yitai ( Chinese : 钱逸泰 ; born 1941 ) is a Chinese chemist and a professor at University of Science and Technology of China .
Chris Tse ( born 19 June 1989 ) is a Canadian spoken word poet , motivational speaker , and hip hop artist of Chinese descent .
John Johnson , Sr . ( 1770 - July 30 , 1824 ) was a Maryland attorney and judge , and the fourth Chancellor of Maryland , from 1821 to 1824 .
Dzmitry Lebedzew ( Belarusian : Дзмітрый Лебедзеў ; Russian : Дмитрий Лебедев ; born 13 May 1986 ) is a Belarusian professional footballer , who plays as a striker for Gorodeya .
William H. Gerstenmaier ( born September , 1954 ) is the current Associate Administrator for Human Exploration and Operations for NASA , holding this position since 2005 .
Ung Thị ( 14 October 1913 - 10 February 2001 ) was a prominent Vietnamese businessman who , together with his wife Nguyen Thi Nguyet Nga , built and operated the Rex Hotel and Cinema in Ho Chi Minh City .
Patrick Sookhdeo ( born 20 March 1947 ) is the director of the Institute for the Study of Islam and Christianity and was for 22 years International Director of the Barnabas Fund .
María Xesús Pato Díaz ( born 29 August 1955 , in Ourense , Galicia ) , most commonly known as Chus Pato , is a Galician writer and political activist .
Viktor Lőrincz ( born 28 April 1990 ) is a Hungarian Greco - Roman wrestler .
Lal Mani Joshi ( 27 July 1935 , Kumaon Hills , Uttarakhand , India -- 16 July 1984 , Delhi , India ) was an eminent Buddhist scholar and professor of comparative religions and Buddhist studies in a number of distinguished universities of India and USA .
Elanson Henry Lacy , known as Harry Lacy ( 1853 - December 14 , 1920 ) was an American actor , a star in his time best known for playing the role of Jack Manley in the hit play The Still Alarm in the 1880s and 1890s .
Gene H. Bell - Villada ( born 1941 in Haiti ) is an American literary critic , novelist , translator and memoirist , with strong interests in Latin American Writing , Modernism , and Magic Realism .
Dr Carolyn Browne ( born 19 October 1958 in Yorkshire ) is a British diplomat , currently Ambassador to Kazakhstan .
Felipe Fernández - Armesto ( born 1950 ) is a British historian and author of several popular works of history .
Jacquie O'Neill ( born 1969 in Yorkshire , England ) is an English illustrator .
Hal Bennett , born George Harold Bennett ( 1936 -- 2004 ) , was an author known for a variety of books .
Sharon McPherson ( born 16 June 1965 ) is a Scottish writer and book publisher .
Jennie Fletcher ( 19 March 1890 -- 17 January 1968 ) , later known by her married name Jennie Hyslop , was a British competitive swimmer , Olympic gold medallist , and former world record - holder .
Salman Butt ( Punjabi / Urdu : سلمان بٹ ‎ , Salmān Buṭṭ ; born 7 October 1984 ) is a Pakistani cricketer who was jailed in Britain for match fixing in 2011 .
Richard Van Camp ( born 8 September 1971 ) is a Tłı̨chǫ writer from Fort Smith , Northwest Territories .
Ofer Shelah ( Hebrew : עפר שלח‎ , born 9 February 1960 ) is an Israeli journalist and politician .
Christopher Neil ( born 1948 ) is a British record producer , songwriter , singer and actor .
Gaius or Gnaeus Hosidius Geta ( ca 20 - aft . 95 ) was a Roman Senator and general who lived in the 1st century .
Sardar Qamar Zaman Khan ( Urdu:سردار قمر زمان خان ) was born on 19 August 1952 , in village Panyali Tehsil and District Bagh , Azad Kashmir .
Rachel Wyse ( born 22 January 1985 in Dublin ) is an Irish Sky Sports News anchor and equestrian show jumper .
Walid Hamid Tawfiq al - Tikriti ( Arabic : وليد حميد توفيق التكريتي‎ ) ( or Walid Hamid Tawfiq al - Nasiri ) ( born 1954 ) was the Governor of Basra from September 2002 to April 2003 and the Director of the Iraqi Special Security Organization from June 2001 to September 2002 .
Frank Drown ( born ca . 1920 ) is an American author and former missionary .
Melinda Schneider ( born 7 October 1971 , as Melinda - Jane Bean ) is an Australian country music performer and songwriter .
Sampooran Singh Kalra ( born 18 August 1934 ) , known popularly by his pen name Gulzar , is an Indian poet , lyricist and film director .
Filippo Magnini ( Italian pronunciation : ( fiˈlippo maɲˈɲini ) ; born 2 February 1982 ) is an Italian swimmer , who was twice 100 metres freestyle World champion and three times European champion at that distance .
Murad Qureshi ( born 27 May 1965 ) is a British Labour and Co - operative Party politician , and a Member of the London Assembly .
Albert Chartier ( 16 June 1912 -- 25 February 2004 ) was a French - Canadian cartoonist and illustrator , best known for having created the comic strip Onésime .
Margaretha Byström ( born 2 August 1937 in Stockholm ) is a Swedish actress ( film , theater , television ) , writer and director .
Neil Clephane - Cameron ( born Neil Clephane Cameron , 4 October 1960 ) is a historian , writer and actor from Battle in East Sussex ( Great Britain ) .
Amos Hadar ( Hebrew : עמוס הדר‎‎ 7 September 1923 -- 13 January 2014 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1974 and 1981 .
Miles Tredinnick , also known as Riff Regan , ( born Warrington 18 February 1955 ) is a rock musician , songwriter and a stage and screenwriter .
Candice Cohen - Ahnine ( c. 1977 -- 16 August 2012 ) was a French Jewish mother involved in a legal battle with Saudi Prince Sattam bin Khalid bin Nasser Al Saud over custody for her child Aya , who she said was kidnapped from her .
Tunde Jegede ( born 28 January 1972 ) is a composer and multi - instrumentalist in contemporary classical , African and pop music , who was born in England and as a child travelled to Africa to learn the art of the kora .
Du Fuwei ( 598?-624 ) , known during service to Tang Dynasty as Li Fuwei ( 李伏威 ) , was an agrarian leader who rose against the rule of Emperor Yang of Sui at the end of the Chinese dynasty Sui Dynasty .
Judith Chazin - Bennahum ( born 8 April 1937 ) is a ballet dancer , choreographer , dance historian , writer , and educator .
Kerstin Lindblad - Toh , born 1970 , is a Swedish scientist .
Anne Clausdatter , also known as Anne Arnold and Anna Clausdatter ( born 5 June 1659 in Skien , died 11 April 1713 at Borgestad Manor ) was a Norwegian businesswoman and owner of Borgestad Manor in Skien , one of the largest estates of Bratsberg .
Jack Preger ( born 25 July 1930 in Manchester , England ) is a British doctor who has been offering medical treatment as well as vocational training to the poor in the Indian city of Kolkata and in other parts of West Bengal since 1972 .
Jessica Martin ( born 25 August 1962 , Fulham , London ) is an English actress , singer and impressionist whose career has diversified to include comic writing and illustrating .
Helmi Loussaief ( born 12 February 1986 ) is a French born , Tunisian football player who currently plays for PKNS FC as a Midfielder in the Malaysia Super League .
Julie Fowlis ( born 20 June 1979 ) is a Scottish folk singer and multi - instrumentalist who sings primarily in Scottish Gaelic .
Nancy Davenport ( born 1965 Vancouver , British Columbia ) is a Canadian photographer .
Neil Coulbeck ( 1952 -- July 11 , 2006 ) was a banker with the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) .
Kaye Donachie ( born 1970 in Glasgow ) is a contemporary British painter based in London .
María Fernanda Navia Cardona ( born 1 January 1979 in Bogotá ) is a Colombian journalist , model , and former beauty queen .
Joanna Krupa ( Polish pronunciation : ( jɔˈanːa ˈkrupa ) ; born 23 April 1979 ) is a Polish American model , actress and animal rights activist .
Bogdan Stoyanov ( Bulgarian : Богдан Стоянов ) born 24 March 1987 is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing for FC Pirin Blagoevgrad as a midfielder .
John Jacob Faesch ( 1726 -- 1799 ) was a Swiss ironmaster who established the Mount Hope Iron Furnace in the Mount Hope village section of Rockaway Township , New Jersey in 1772 which played an important role in providing munitions and tools during the Revolutionary War .
Claudine Bouché ( 27 September 1925 -- 7 April 2014 ) was a French film editor .
Sir Albert Ruskin Cook , CMG , OBE , MD ( 22 March 1870 -- 23 April 1951 ) was a British born medical missionary in Uganda , and founder of Mulago Hospital and Mengo Hospital .
Elizabeth Ogborne ( 1763 / 4 -- 22 December 1853 ) was a British Antiquary for Essex .
Rosa Frederica Baring FitzGeorge ( 9 March 1854 - 10 March 1927 ) , was the second daughter of Mr. William Henry Baring , J.P. and Elizabeth Hammersley , of Norman Court in West Tytherley , Hampshire , England .
William Cecil , 17th Baron de Ros of Helmsley ( May 1590 -- 27 June 1618 ) .
Anton Füster , also spelled as Fister ( 5 January 1808 -- 12 March 1881 ) was an Austrian Roman Catholic priest , theologian , pedagogue , radical political activist and author of Slovene origin .
Henry Raine Barker ( 11 November 1829 - 1902 ) was an English lawyer , banker and rower who won three events at Henley Royal Regatta in the same year in 1852 Barker was the son of Richard Barker of London .
Henry Steedman ( 1866 - -1953 ) was a Scottish - born Australian botanist .
Beatriz Balzi ( Buenos Aires 1936 - -2001 ) was a renowned Argentinean pianist , professor and musicologist specialized in contemporary Latin - American music .
Sir Richard Buller ( 1578 - -1642 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1621 and 1642 .
John Barkstead ( died 1662 ) was an English Major - General and Regicide .
Pietro Giovanni Abbati ( in English , Peter John Abbati ) ( 1683 - 1745 ) was an Italian set designer , painter and engraver .
Zheng Yingtao ( Chinese : 鄭櫻桃 ; died 349 ) was an empress of the Chinese / Jie state Later Zhao .
Rinus van den Bosch ( January 10 , 1938 -- 14 April 1996 ) was a Dutch artist , who worked as sculptor , photographer , installation artist , painter , and draftsman .
Ralph Hart Tweddell ( 25 May 1843 -- 3 September 1895 ) was a British mechanical engineer , known particularly for inventing the portable hydraulic riveter , which greatly facilitated the construction of boilers , bridges and ships .
Gavin Milroy ( 1805 - -1886 ) was a Scottish physician and medical writer .
Chiang Yee ( simplified Chinese : 蒋彝 ; traditional Chinese : 蔣彝 , Pinyin : Jiǎng Yí , Wade -- Giles : Chiang Yee ) ( 19 May 1903 -- 26 October 1977 ) , self - styled as `` The Silent Traveller '' , was a Chinese poet , author , painter and calligrapher .
Kozaburo Hirai ( 平井康三郎 ; 10 September 1910 - 30 November 2002 ) was a Japanese composer and professor of music .
Ernie McAlpine ( 11 February 1902 -- 1 June 1984 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William J. Henry ( c.1867 - -1955 ) was an American hymn writer and evangelist .
Alexander Catsch ( also Katsch ; 1913 - -1976 ) was a German - Russian medical doctor and radiation biologist .
Robert Dundas , 2nd Viscount Melville KT , PC , FRS ( 14 March 1771 -- 10 June 1851 ) was a British statesman , the son of Henry Dundas , the 1st Viscount .
Henry Sloane Cooper ( September 12 , 1888 -- 1970 ) was an Ontario embroidery manufacturer and political figure .
Juan Maria Schuver ( born as- Joannes Maria Schuver ) ( February 26 , 1852 - August 1883 ) was a Dutch explorer who was a native of Amsterdam .
Fanny Umphelby ( 1788 - - 9 April 1852 ) was a British author who authored a popular primer known by the shortened title The Child 's Guide to Knowledge , ... by a Lady .
Árpád Prandler ( 23 February 1930 -- 5 February 2014 ) was a Hungarian jurist , who served as an Ad Litem Judge of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia based in The Hague , Netherlands between 2006 and 2013 .
Basil Mesardonites was the Catapan of Italy , representing the Byzantine Emperor there , from 1010 to 1016 or 1017 .
Philips Vingboons ( or Vinckboons , Vinckeboons , Vinckbooms ) ( c. 1607 -- 2 October 1678 ) was a Dutch architect .
Charles Chewings ( 16 April 1859 -- 9 June 1937 ) was an Australian geologist and anthropologist .
Stanley Middleton FRSL ( 1 August 1919 -- 25 July 2009 ) was a British novelist .
William Dressler ( 1890 - -1969 ) was a cardiologist born in Poland , who went on to become a Director of Cardiology at Maimonides Medical Center .
Fang Zhenwu ( Chinese : 方振武 ; pinyin : Fāng Zhènwǔ ) ( 1885 -- December 1941 ) was a Chinese military officer in the early 20th century .
Heinz Arnold ( 12 February 1919 in Flöha in Saxony -- 17 April 1945 ) was a former German Luftwaffe fighter ace .
Count Franz von Oppersdorff ( 1778 - 1818 ) was a Silesian nobleman and a great lover of music , who commissioned Beethoven 's Fourth and Fifth Symphonies .
Edward Fortunatus ( or in German Eduard Fortunat ) of Baden ( 17 September 1565 -- 8 June 1600 ) was Margrave of Baden - Rodemachern and Baden - Baden .
Sir Herbert Ashman , 1st Baronet ( 11 June 1854 -- 26 September 1914 ) was the first Lord Mayor of Bristol .
Khanlar Safaraliyev ( Azerbaijani : Xanlar Səfərəliyev ) ( c.1878 -- 19 September 1907 ) was an Azerbaijani oil field worker , labor organizer , and Moslem social democrat .
Sir John Benjamin Macneill FRS ( 1793 -- 2 March 1880 ) was an eminent Irish civil engineer of the 19th century , closely associated with Thomas Telford .
Krobo Edusei ( 26 December 1915 -- 13 February 1984 ) was a Ghanaian politician and a high - profile member of Kwame Nkrumah 's government .
Hugh Ottaway ( 1925 -- 6 November 1979 ) was a prominent British writer on concert music .
Josef Hassid ( Polish : Józef Chasyd ) ( 28 December 1923 -- 7 November 1950 ) was a Polish violinist .
Sir Robert Austen , 3rd Baronet ( March 1664 - June 1706 ) , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1699 to 1701 .
Herbert Thewlis ( 31 August 1865 -- 30 November 1920 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played two matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1888 , against the MCC and Gloucestershire .
Domenico Merlini ( Polish : Dominik Merlini ) ( 22 February 1730 -- 20 February 1797 ) was an Italian - Polish architect whose work was mostly in the classical style .
Sir Leon Bagrit ( 13 March 1902 -- 22 April 1979 ) was a leading British industrialist and pioneer of automation .
Johan Nordhagen ( 23 March 1856 in Veldre -- 28 August 1956 ) was a Norwegian painter and artist .
Stefan Kunicki ( Ukrainian : Стефан Куницький ) of Sas Coat of Arms ( died 1684 ) was a hetman of Right - bank Ukraine .
Sampson Hopkins ( died 1622 ) was an English merchant and politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1622 .
Wu Jiaji ( Chinese : 吳嘉紀 ; Wade -- Giles : Wu Chia - chi , 1618 - -1684 ) was a Chinese poet , and an associate of the official and literary figure Zhou Lianggong .
Xu Ling ( Chinese : 徐陵 ; pinyin : Xú Líng ) ( 507 - -583 ) was the compiler and editor of the famous poetry anthology New Songs from the Jade Terrace during the poetically prolific Southern Dynasties era , 420 - -589 .
Shaun Wylie ( 17 January 1913 -- 2 October 2009 ) was a British mathematician and World War II codebreaker .
Luis de Velasco y Velasco , 2nd Count of Salazar , 1st Marquess of Belvedere , ( Valladolid , Spain , 1559 -- Dunkirk , Spanish Netherlands ( present - day France ) , 1625 ) , was a Spanish military commander during the French Wars of Religion and the Eighty Years ' War .
Admiral Rainer Feist ( 12 April 1945 -- 19 May 2007 ) was an officer in the German Navy until his retirement in 2004 .
Luis Antonio Regalado Reyes ( b. January 10 , 1922 -- † 2001 ) was a Salvadoran footballer and coach .
Ferdinando Cavalleri ( 1794 - -1867 ) was an Italian history and portrait painter .
One records a Jehans Erardi dying in 1258 while another records Jehan Erart dying in 1259 .
Gabriele Serbelloni , better known as Gabrio Serbelloni ( also Gabrio Cerbellon in Spanish ) , ( 1509 - January 1580 ) was an Italian condottiero and general .
Børge Olsen - Hagen ( 10 February 1883 -- 13 September 1936 ) was a Norwegian journalist , newspaper editor and politician .
Christopher Terne M.D. ( also Tearne ) ( 1620 - -1673 ) was an English physician .
Kereopa Te Rau ( ? -- 5 January 1872 ) was a leader of Pai Marire ( Hauhau ) , a Māori religion .
Friedrich Gottlob Uhlemann ( 26 November 1792 , Zeitz -- 19 April 1864 ) was a German Protestant theologian and educator best known as the author of orientalist grammar works .
Moritz Roth ( 25 December 1839 , in Basel -- 4 November 1914 , in Gottlieben am Untersee ) was a Swiss pathologist remembered for describing Roth 's spots .
Dhimitër Ilo ( ? - 1947 ) was an Albanian patriot from Korçë , back then Ottoman Empire .
Hugo Wenzel ( 23 August 1891 -- 24 January 1940 ) was a German politician ( SPD , USPD , KPD ) .
Edmond de Burca ( died 1514 ) was 12th Mac William Iochtar and lord of Lower ( North ) Connacht , Ireland .
Yaqut al - Musta'simi ( also Yakut - i Musta'simi ) ( died 1298 ) was a well - known calligrapher and secretary of the last Abbasid caliph .
Ambrosius Francken I ( 1544 - -1618 ) was a Flemish painter known for his religious works and historical allegories painted in a late Mannerist style .
George Challenor ( 28 June 1888 -- 30 July 1947 ) was a West Indian cricketer who was part of the first West Indies Test side .
Belu Zilber ( born Herbert Zilber ; October 14 , 1901 - -February 1978 ) was a Romanian communist activist .
Richard Penderel ( c.1606 - 7 February 1672 ) was a Roman Catholic farmer , and a supporter of the Royalist cause during the English Civil War .
Matilda Alice Victoria Wood , ( 12 February 1870 -- 7 October 1922 ) , professionally known as Marie Lloyd /ˈmɑːri/ ; was an English music hall singer , comedian and musical theatre actress during the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Hedwig of Gudensberg , also known as Hedwig of Hesse ( 1098 - -1148 ) was a member of the Gisones family .
Luciano Pistoi ( 1927 - -1995 ) , art critic , dealer , journalist and publisher , promoter and organizer of cultural events .
Francis Bennon Ducrue was a missionary in Mexico , b. in Munich , Bavaria , of French parents , 10 June 1721 ; d. there 30 March 1779 .
Arnt Eliassen ( 9 September 1915 -- 22 April 2000 ) was a Norwegian meteorologist who was a pioneer in the use of numerical analysis and computers for weather forecasting .
Dominique Heckmes ( 1 September 1878 -- 4 February 1938 ) was a Luxembourgian composer and music critic .
Sir John Doddridge ( Doderidge or Dodderidge , etc . ) ( 1555 - -1628 ) was an English lawyer , appointed Justice of the King 's Bench in 1612 and served as Member of Parliament for Barnstaple in 1589 and for Horsham in 1604 .
James Howell ( c. 1594 -- 1666 ) was a 17th - century Anglo - Welsh historian and writer who is in many ways a representative figure of his age .
Antonín Pospíšil ( 6 October 1903 -- 15 June 1973 ) was a Czechoslovakian politician of the Catholic Czechoslovakian People 's Party during the Communist Party 's rule , when other legal parties had to play the role of CP satellites .
Finn Lambrechts DFC ( 16 June 1900 -- 8 December 1956 ) was a Norwegian military officer , a Lieutenant General of the Royal Norwegian Air Force .
Viola of Teschen , later known as Elizabeth ( Polish : Wiola Elżbieta cieszyńska , Czech : Viola Alžběta Těšínská ) ( ca . 1291 -- 21 September 1317 ) , was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast in the Cieszyn branch and by marriage Queen of Bohemia and Poland .
Sir Archibald Russell , CBE , FRS ( 30 May 1904 -- 29 May 1995 ) was a British aerospace engineer who worked most of his career at the Bristol Aeroplane Company , before becoming managing director of the Filton Division when Bristol merged into British Aircraft Corporation in 1960 .
Hugh de Lacy , 1st Earl of Ulster ( ~1176 -- after December 26 , 1242 ) was the younger son of Hugh de Lacy , Lord of Meath .
Frans Mortelmans ( Antwerp , 1 May 1865 -- Antwerp , 11 April 1936 ) was a Belgian painter , draughtsman and engraver .
Bernard Adeney ( 2 August 1878 - 4 April 1966 ) was an English painter and textile designer .
Vivian Nickalls ( 1871 - 1947 ) was a British rower who won the Wingfield Sculls three times and the Diamond Challenge Sculls at Henley Royal Regatta in 1891 .
Emil Sonderegger ( born 28 November 1868 in Herisau -- died 15 July 1934 ) was a Swiss military officer who later became involved in the country 's far right political scene .
Marta Labarr ( 1912 - -1999 ) was a singer and actress who appeared in eleven British and French films , usually as a leading lady .
Aimoin ( c. 960 -- c. 1010 ) , French chronicler , was born at Villefranche - de - Longchat about 960 , and in early life entered the monastery of Fleury , where he became a monk and passed the greater part of his life .
Christiaan Tom Neumeier ( 2 February 1921 -- 26 December 1991 ) was a Dutch rower who won the European title in the double sculls in 1947 , together with Henk van der Meer .
Walter Karig ( 13 November 1898 - 30 September 1956 ) was a prolific author , who served as a U.S. naval captain .
Berenguer de Palou II ( died 1241 ) was bishop of Barcelona from 1212 to 1241 .
Christopher Bagshaw ( 1552 -- 1625 ? ) was an English academic and Roman Catholic priest .
Caroline Mary Luard ( died 24 August 1908 ) was the victim of an unsolved murder , known as the Seal Chart Murder , after she was mysteriously shot and killed at an isolated summerhouse in a heavily wooded area near Ightham , Kent .
Agnes Jónsdóttir ( died 1507 ) , was the abbess of the Benedictine convent Reynistaðarklaustur in Iceland 1461 - -1507 .
Pierre Joseph Marie Granville , known as Jonathas Granville ( 1785 - 1839 ) was a Haitian educator , legal expert , soldier and a diplomat .
Lavinia Derwent was the pen name of Scottish author and broadcaster Elizabeth Dodd MBE ( 1909 - -1989 ) .
Frederick A. Henninger ( 1865 - 1944 ) , commonly known as F. A. Henninger , was a leading architect of Omaha , Nebraska .
Samuel A. Carlson ( 1868 - -1961 ) was mayor of Jamestown , New York .
Charles Herbert Mayo ( 1845 - -1929 ) was a Dorset clergyman and antiquarian .
Frederick Herzog ( 1925 - -1995 ) was a professor of systematic theology at Duke University .
Fredrika Eleonora von Düben ( 1738 - -1808 ) was a Swedish dilettante painter and Embroidery artist , an honorary member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Arts ( 1783 ) .
Léon Pourtau ( 1872 -- 4 July 1898 ) was a French painter and musician .
Francis Rynd AM , MRCS , MRIA ( 1801 - 1861 ) was an Irish physician , famous for inventing the hollow needle used in hypodermic syringes .
Edwin Francis Walker ( 13 December 1872 in Chicago , Illinois -- 3 December 1956 , in Los Angeles , California ) was a research assistant at the Southwest Museum in Los Angeles and later one of its most prolific investigators .
Michael Werikhe ( 25 May 1956 -- 9 August 1999 ) , also known as `` the Rhino Man '' was a Kenyan conservationist .
Ludovic Lindsay , 16th Earl of Crawford ( 1600 - -1652 ) took part in the strange plot of 1641 called The Incident .
Adila Fachiri ( 26 February 1886 -- 15 December 1962 ) was a Hungarian violinist who had an international career but made her home in England .
John Frederick France F.R.C.S. Eng . , JP ( Born on 15 December 1817 , christened on 16 January 1818 at St Luke , Chelsea , London , died on 6 October 1900 at St Leonards on Sea , Sussex ) was the Ophthalmic Surgeon at Guy 's Hospital from 1847 until 1849 .
Jacob Stolt - Nielsen , Jr. ( 12 May 1931 -- 15 February 2015 ) was a Norwegian entrepreneur .
Tod Ensign ( d. May 2014 ) was an American veteran 's rights lawyer and Director of Citizen Soldier , a non - profit GI and veterans rights advocacy group based in New York City .
Peder Olsen Walløe ( 1716 -- 27 April 1793 ) was a Dano - Norwegian Arctic explorer most noted for his historic exploration of the former Norse settlements on Greenland .
Sonam Rapten , also known as Sonam Choephel ( 1595 - 1657 ) was regent in Tibet from 1642 to 1658 .
Ambrosio Martínez Bustos ( 1614 - 1672 ) was a Spanish Baroque painter active in Granada .
Aaron ben Menahem Mendel ( 1800 - -1873 ) was a Russian rabbi , who flourished at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
Princess Wilhelmine of Baden ( 21 September 1788 -- 27 January 1836 ) , was by birth Princess of Baden and by marriage Grand Duchess consort of Hesse and the Rhine .
Balian of Ibelin ( French : Balian d'Ibelin ; c. 1143 -- 1193 ) was a crusader noble of the Kingdom of Jerusalem in the 12th century .
Mlađa Veselinović ( 21 April 1915 - 27 December 2012 ) was a Serbian actor and translator .
Li Di ( Chinese : 李迪 ; pinyin : Lǐ Dí ; Wade -- Giles : Li Ti ; c. 1100 -- after 1197 ) was a Chinese imperial court painter in the Song Dynasty .
Edmund , Earl of Rutland ( 17 May 1443 -- 30 December 1460 ) was the fifth child and second surviving son of Richard Plantagenet , 3rd Duke of York , and Cecily Neville .
Eric Reichman ( 25 August 1904 -- 19 June 1984 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Stretton ( April 1755 - 12 March 1828 ) was a builder and architect based in Nottingham .
George Ide Butler ( 1834 -- 1918 ) was a Seventh - day Adventist minister , administrator , and author .
Thomas Stoughton ( 1521 - -1576 ) , of Stoughton , Surrey and West Stoke , Sussex , was an English politician .
Daniel Kraemer ( 1816 - -1882 ) was the first English - speaking pioneer to settle Placentia , California .
Cyril Lloyd Jones , ( 1881 - -1981 ) , was a British railway engineer , joined the Nizam 's State Railways ( NSR ) in 1904 and was associated with NSR for until 1934 .
Johannes Stadius or Estadius ( Flemish : Jan Van Ostaeyen ; French : Jean Stade ) ( ca . 1 May 1527 -- 17 June 1579 ) , was a Belgian astronomer , astrologer , and mathematician .
Ímar mac Arailt ( died 1054 ) was an eleventh - century ruler of Kingdom of Dublin and perhaps the Kingdom of the Isles as well .
Marcel Wolfers ( 1886 - -1976 ) was a Belgian sculptor , well known for his war memorials completed in the Interwar Period ( 1919 - -39 ) .
John Faunce Leavitt ( 1905 - -1974 ) was a well - known shipbuilder , writer on maritime subjects , painter of marine canvases , and curator of Mystic Seaport in Mystic , Connecticut .
Armindo Rodrigues de Sttau Monteiro ( 16 December 1896 -- 15 October 1955 ) , known as Armindo Monteiro , was a Portuguese university professor , businessman , diplomat and politician who exercised important functions during the Estado Novo period .
Haim Ben - Asher ( Hebrew : חיים בן - אשר‎ , born Haim Finkel on 10 July 1904 , died 14 July 1998 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1949 and 1955 .
Albert Lange Fliflet ( 10 May 1908 -- 14 April 2001 ) was a Norwegian philologist and translator .
Sextus Aurelius Victor ( c. 320 -- c. 390 ) was a historian and politician of the Roman Empire .
Bob Gosani ( b. 1934 d. 1972 ) was a South African photographer .
John Maron ( Arabic : يوحنا مارون‎ , Youhana Maroun ; Latin : Ioannes Maronus ) ( born in 628 in Sirmaniyah or Sarmin , present Syria -- died in 707 in Kfarhy , Lebanon ) , was a Syriac monk , and the first Maronite Patriarch .
Hildebrando Castro Pozo ( 1890 - -1945 ) was a Peruvian sociologist and politician .
Thomas Papillon ( 1623 - -1702 ) was an English merchant and politician , an influential figure in the City of London for half a century .
William Jonathan `` Jonty '' Alsop ( 1901 - -1964 ) was a professional boxer from Wales who fought under the name Young Allsopp .
Anton Johnson Brandt ( 21 March 1893 -- 14 October 1951 ) was a Norwegian veterinarian .
Sigrid Sparre ( Sigrid Maria Josefina Ingeborg Richissa Eufemia Ulfhild ; 1 September 1825 -- 17 November 1910 ) was a Swedish lady in waiting and noblewoman , known for her relationship with Charles XV of Sweden .
William J. Blake ( 1894 - -1968 ) was a broker , novelist and Marxist political economist .
Henry Geiger ( August 10 , 1908 - 15 February 1989 ) was the editor , publisher , and chief writer of MANAS Journal which was published from 1948 - 1988 .
Sir Evan Williams , 1st Baronet , of Glyndwr ( 2 July 1871 -- 3 February 1959 ) was a Welsh industrialist .
Samuel Storey , Baron Buckton ( 18 January 1896 -- 17 January 1978 ) , known as Sir Samuel Storey , 1st Baronet , from 1960 to 1966 , was a British Conservative politician .
Gifford A. Cochran ( died 1930 ) was an American entrepreneur and sportsman from New York City .
Duke Alexander of Württemberg ( 20 December 1804 -- 28 October 1881 ) was a member of the dynasty which ruled the German kingdom of Württemberg .
William Usmar ( b. 4 Oct 1812 , d. 12 May 1879 ) was married to Bridget Terry Smart ( b. 18 Jul 1811 , d. circa 1881 ) on 5 Jul 1840 at the Parish Church in Maidstone , Kent , England .
Pietro della Vecchia , also sometimes known as Pietro Muttoni , ( 1603 -- 8 September 1678 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Oliver Chase Quick ( 21 June 1885 , Sedberg , now Cumbria -- 21 January 1944 , Longborough , Gloucester ) was an English theologian and Anglican priest .
Major General Charles Scrope Hutchinson R.E. C.B. ( 1826 - 1912 ) was Chief Inspecting Officer for Railways from 1892 to 1895 .
Margaret Gray ( 1913 - -2010 ) was a teacher and school head , most notably serving as head of the Godolphin and Latymer School from 1963 to 1973 .
William Mowse ( Mouse , Mosse ) ( died 1588 ) was an English lawyer and Master of Trinity Hall , Cambridge .
Sir Henry Bunbury , 3rd Baronet ( 29 November 1676 -- 12 February 1733 ) was a British Tory politician .
Tetsumi Kudo ( 23 February 1935 -- 12 November 1990 ) , was a Japanese artist associated with the Neo - Dada tradition .
Marko Natlačen ( 24 April 1886 -- 13 October 1942 ) was a Slovenian politician and jurist , who also served as the last ban ( Governor ) of the Drava Banovina in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia .
Air Marshal Sir Charles Broughton KBE , CB ( 27 April 1911 -- 17 May 1998 ) was a Royal Air Force officer who became Air Member for Supply and Organisation .
Ljudevit ( pronounced ( ʎûdeʋit ) ) or Liudewit ( Latin : Liudewitus , often also Ljudevit Posavski ) , was the Duke of Lower Pannonia from 810 to 823 .
Antonio Salamone ( December 12 , 1918 in San Giuseppe Jato -- May 31 , 1998 in São Paulo ) was a member of the Sicilian Mafia and a member of the first Sicilian Mafia Commission .
Helena of Oświęcim ( Polish : Helena Oświęcimska ; 1478/80 -- after 1524 ) , was a Polish princess member of the House of Piast from the Oświęcim branch and ruling Duchess of Karniów since 1506 until 1523 .
Hannibal Vyvyan , sometimes spelled Vivian ( 1545 -- 4 February 1610 ) , of Trelowarren in Cornwall , was an English Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
James Halpin ( June 1843 - 26 July 1909 ) was an Irish farmer , building contractor and politician .
Captain F. W. L. Thomas , c.1812 - 1885 , RN , FSA ( Scot ) was a naval officer , photographer , and historian .
Robert Reece ( 2 May 1838 -- 8 July 1891 ) was a British comic playwright and librettist active in the Victorian era .
Heinrich Kramer ( c. 1430 -- 1505 ) , also known under the Latinized name Henricus Institor , was a German churchman and inquisitor .
Hiram Edson ( 1806 - -1882 ) was a pioneer of the Seventh - day Adventist Church , known for introducing the sanctuary doctrine ( investigative judgment ) to the church .
Ensign Charles Ewart ( 1769 -- 23 May 1846 ) was a Scottish soldier of the Royal North British Dragoons ( more commonly known as the Scots Greys ) , famous for capturing the regimental eagle of the 45e Régiment de Ligne ( 45th Regiment of the Line ) at the Battle of Waterloo .
Mario Mellado García ( died October 2014 ) was a Mexican lawyer , politician and judge .
Henri Caesar , also known as Black Caesar , ( fl . 1791 - 1830 ) was allegedly a 19th - century Haitian revolutionary and pirate .
Vasco da Gama Rodrigues ( 27 January 1909 , Paul do Mar , Madeira - 3 May 1991 ) , was a Portuguese poet .
Antonio Madiona ( Siracusa - Siracusa , 1719 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Major - General Arthur Wollaston Bartholomew CB CMG CBE DSO ( 5 May 1878 -- 29 January 1945 ) was Commander of British Troops in China .
Nikolaos Kontopoulos ( Greek : Νικόλαος Κοντόπουλος , 1889 - 1958 ) was a Greek writer .
Richard Holmlund ( 26 October 1963 -- 5 October 2011 ) was a Swedish football manager .
Are Vesterlid ( 28 July 1921 -- 29 August 2013 ) was a Norwegian architect .
Peter Finnerty ( 1766?--11 May 1822 ) was an Irish printer and publisher , and a United Irishman .
Arthur Sidney Lyon ( 1817 - -1861 ) , was a journalist and newspaper proprietor , who was also known as ' the father of the press in colonial Queensland ' .
Sir John Dalzell , 2nd Baronet ( died 1689 ) was a Scottish politician .
Mustafa Necati died due to appendicitis on 1 January 1929 , the very same day the Nation Schools were opened .
Frank Dennis ( 11 June 1907 -- 21 November 2000 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played in 89 matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club from 1928 to 1933 , and three for the Minor Counties from 1936 to 1939 .
Joseph Riddick ( 1735 - Nov. 18 , 1818 ) was a North Carolina politician who served as Speaker of the North Carolina Senate for 11 years from 1800 to 1804 and from 1806 to 1811 .
Don Juan de Guzmán Itztolinqui ( reigned 1526 - -1569 ) was a post - Conquest tlatoani ( ruler ) of the altepetl ( ethnic state ) of Coyoacán in the Valley of Mexico .
David Dewaele ( born 19 March 1976 in Hazebrouck , Nord - Pas - de - Calais as David Sébastien Dewaele ; died 27 February 2013 in Hazebrouck ) was a French actor .
Michael Kantakouzenos or Cantacuzenus ( Greek : Μιχαήλ Καντακουζηνός , died 3 March 1578 ) , nicknamed Şeytanoğlu ( Turkish for `` son of the Devil '' ) , was an Ottoman Greek magnate , noted for his immense wealth and political influence .
Andy Whitfield ( died 11 September 2011 ) was a Welsh actor .
John Davies Knatchbull Lloyd(28 April 1900 - -13 December 1978 ) , generally known as J. D. K. Lloyd , was born on 28 April 1900 at Plas Trefaldwyn , Montgomery in the present day county of Powys in mid Wales .
Ludwig Rabus ( also Rab or Günzer ) ( 10 October 1523 -- 22 July 1592 ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Abd al - Mu'min ( 1094 - -1163 ) also known as Abdelmoumen al - Goumi ( Arabic : عبد المؤمن بن علي or عبد المومن الــكـومي‎ , Berber : ⵄⴰⴱⴷ ⵍⵎⵓⵎⵏ ⵍⴳⵓⵎⵉ ) was a prominent member of the Almohad movement .
William John Finley Warren ( December 14 , 1873 -- 1963 ) was a farmer , rancher and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Emil Blichfeldt ( 5 November 1849 -- 20 October 1908 ) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style .
Elizabeth Knepp or Knipp ( died 1681 ) was a British actress , singer , and dancer .
Karl Dietrich Leonhard Engel ( born Oldenburg , 21 February 1824 ; died Adlershof , February 1913 ) was a German musician and writer .
Astrid Ydén ( 1881 - 1963 ) was a Swedish harpist .
Herman Baer ( born of Jewish parents in Herxheim , Germany , Jan. 29 , 1830 ; died Charleston , South Carolina , Jan. 2 , 1901 ) was an American author .
Michael Sprinker ( 8 February 1950 in Elgin , Illinois -- 12 August 1999 ) was a literary critic known for his writings on Louis Althusser , Walter Benjamin and Bertolt Brecht , among others , as well as for his editorial work at Verso , Cambridge University Press , the New Left Review and The Minnesota Review .
Richard Bruce Arthur ( 2 November 1921 -- 22 March 1998 ) was an Australian freestyle wrestler who won a silver medal in the middleweight division at the 1950 British Empire Games ; he finished fourth in 1954 .
Mary Smith Lockwood ( 1831 - 1922 ) was one of the founders of the Daughters of the American Revolution .
Conyers Darcy , 2nd Earl of Holderness ( 1622 -- 13 December 1692 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679 and later became a peer .
Raja Swarup Singh ( 30 May 1812 -- 26 January 1864 ) was a Sikh Raja of Jind of the Phulkian dynasty who reigned from 1834 to 1864 .
Edward Bailey ( 1814 - -1903 ) was the most accomplished of the Hawaiian missionary period artists in Hawaii .
György Deák - Bárdos ( 1905 in Budapest -- 1991 ) was a Hungarian composer , organist , singer and music teacher .
Avgust Berthold ( 20 July 1880 -- 1 August 1919 ) was a Slovenian photographer who is associated with the Impressionist movement .
Alban Francis ( died 1715 ) was an English Benedictine monk .
Tuan Guru Dato ' Bentara Setia Haji Nik Abdul Aziz Nik Mat ( 10 January 1931 -- 12 February 2015 ) was a Malaysian politician and Muslim cleric .
Sir Ralph Kilner Brown , OBE , TD , DL ( 28 August 1909 -- 15 June 2003 ) , was a British hurdling athlete , Liberal Party politician and judge .
Injong of Goryeo ( 29 October 1109 -- 10 April 1146 ) ( r. 1122 - -1146 ) was the 17th monarch of the Korean Goryeo dynasty .
Manfred Wimmer ( 1944 - -1995 ) was the first Western professional go player .
Elizur Wright ( 12 February 1804 -- 22 November 1885 ) was an American mathematician and abolitionist .
Dennis Howard Green ( 26 June 1922 -- 5 December 2008 ) was Schröder Professor of German at the University of Cambridge .
Heikki Nurmio ( 1887 - 1947 ) - Finnish jäger and writer .
Kristian Lerche Bøckman ( 11 March 1887 -- 1974 ) was a Norwegian mining director .
Henry Howard , 5th Earl of Suffolk ( 18 July 1627 -- 10 December 1709 ) was the youngest son of Theophilus Howard , 2nd Earl of Suffolk , but inherited the title , because none of his brothers left surviving sons .
Yujiulü Wuti ( Chinese : 郁久閭吳提 ; pinyin : Yùjiǔlǘ Wútí ) khan of the Rouran ( July , 429-September , 444 ) with the title of Chilian Khan ( 敕連可汗 ) .
Franz Hübner(18 November 1846 Drossen , near Frankfurt an der Oder - 31 December 1877 ) was a German entomologist Between 1875 and 1877 he collected insects for the Museum Godeffroy in Samoa , Tonga and New Britain .
Otto Frederick Hunziker ( 25 December 1873 -- 16 November 1959 ) was a pioneer in the American and international dairy industry , as both an educator and a technical innovator .
Henry Thew Stevenson ( April 22 , 1870 -- 1957 ) was a teacher and writer .
Alexander George Findlay ( 1812 - -1875 ) was an English geographer and hydrographer .
Birgitte Christine Kaas , married Huitfeldt ( 2 October 1682 -- 14 August 1761 ) was a Norwegian poet and translator of psalms .
Michael Craze ( 29 November 1942 -- 8 December 1998 ) was a British actor noted for his role of Ben Jackson , a companion of the Doctor , in the long - running BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Paul Bern ( December 3 , 1889 -- September 5 , 1932 ) was a German - born American film director , screenwriter and producer for MGM , where he became the assistant to Irving Thalberg .
Ahmad Lozi ( also spelled Ahmad al - Lawzi ) ( 1925 -- 18 November 2014 ) was a Jordanian politician .
Richard Peter Tudor Sillett ( known as Peter Sillett ) ( 1 February 1933 -- 13 March 1998 ) was an England footballer .
Sinan Şamil Sam ( 23 June 1974 -- 30 October 2015 ) was a Turkish heavyweight professional boxer .
Yohanna Barnaba Abdallah ( died 1924 ) was a clergyman and historian of the Yao people of central Africa .
Sergei Chavain , also spelled Čavajn ( Mari : Сергей Чавайн , pronounced ( tʃɑˈβɑɪn ) ; 6 October 1888 , Maly Karamas -- 11 November 1937 ) was a Mari poet and playwright , born Sergei Grigorievich Grigoriev ( Russian : Серге́й Григо́рьевич Григо́рьев ) .
John Bowes , 1st Baron Bowes PC ( I ) ( 1691 -- 22 July 1767 ) was an Anglo - Irish peer politician and judge , noted for his great legal ability , but also for his hostility to Roman Catholics .
Christy Keogh ( 29 June 1943 -- 19 July 2002 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a left corner - forward for the Wexford senior team .
Montague Gore ( 1800 - 8 September 1864 ) , was a British politician and author .
Kjetil Mårdalen ( 12 January 1925 -- 4 November 1996 ) was a Norwegian nordic combined skier who competed in the 1950s .
Herbert James Carter ( 23 April 1858 -- 16 April 1940 ) was an English - born Australian schoolmaster and entomologist .
Vice - Admiral James Hosken ( 6 December 1798 -- 2 January 1885 ) was a British naval officer and a pioneer of ocean steam navigation .
Ngamaru Rongotini Ariki ( c. 1831 -- 31 March 1903 ) was a sovereign of the Cook Islands .
Manche Masemola ( 1913 - -1928 ) is a South African Christian martyr .
John Knill ( 1 January 1733 -- 29 March 1811 ) born at Callington in Cornwall was a slightly eccentric mayor of St Ives , Cornwall , UK , in 1767 and Collector of Customs at St Ives from 1762 - -1782 .
Pavao Tijan ( born in Senj in 1908 - died in Madrid in 1997 ) was a Croatian encyclopaedist who spent the latter half of his life in Spain .
Georg Monsen ( 19 December 1922 -- 10 April 2015 ) was a Norwegian former footballer and football manager .
Shakir Mustafa Salim ( 1919 - 1985 ) was a famous Iraqi social anthropologist who taught in the Department of Sociology at Baghdad University .
Edward Wedlake Brayley ( 1773 -- 23 September 1854 ) was an English antiquary and topographer , closely associated with John Britton .
David Irvin ( 1794 - -1872 ) was a United States territorial judge .
Xu Zhongxing ( ? - 1578 ) was a Chinese litterateur of the Ming Dynasty .
Tom Drummond ( 6 August 1897 -- 26 May 1970 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thane Houser ( 27 July 1891 Honey Creek , Indiana --23 November 1967 Columbus , Indiana ) was an American racecar driver .
H. B. Parkinson ( 29 September 1884 -- 19 August 1970 ) was a British film pioneer .
Abraham van Blijenberch ( or Blyenberch ) ( 1575/6 - 1624 ) was a Flemish painter .
Madhukar Dattatraya Deoras ( 11 December 1915 - 17 June 1996 ) , popularly known as Balasaheb Deoras , was the third Sarsanghchalak of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh ( RSS ) .
Molly Dingle MBE ( 1892 -- 1974 ) educator , born St. John 's , Newfoundland .
John Whistler ( ca . 1756 -- 3 September 1829 ) was a soldier , born in Ulster , Ireland .
Tomás Ó Con Cheanainn ( 1921 -- 13 June 2015 ) was an Irish scholar and historian .
Ellsworth Young ( 1866 Albia , Iowa -- 1952 Evanston , Illinois ) was an American magazine and book illustrator , and a noted painter of landscapes .
Anaximenes of Miletus ( /ˌænækˈsɪməˌniːz/ ; Greek : Ἀναξιμένης ; c. 585 -- c. 528 BCE ) was an Ancient Greek Pre - Socratic philosopher active in the latter half of the 6th century BC . One of the three Milesian philosophers , he is identified as a younger friend or student of Anaximander .
Mary Irene Parlby ( née Marryat ; 9 January 1868 -- 12 July 1965 ) was a Canadian women 's farm leader , activist and politician .
Bridgetta Clark ( January 13 , 1891 - November 1980 ) was an American silent film actress .
Publius Metilius Nepos ( c. 45 - -118 ) was a Roman politician during the late 1st century .
Christopher Saxton died in either 1610 or 1611 .
John Wigham Richardson ( 7 January 1837 -- 15 April 1908 ) was a British shipbuilder on Tyneside during the late 19th and early 20th century .
Marina Yurlova ( Russian : Мари́на Максимилиа́новна Ю́рлова ; 25 February 1900 - 1 April 1984 ) was a Russian child soldier and author .
James Jago FRS , ( 1815 -- 1893 ) was an English physician .
Johann Adam Hoyer was a clockmaker and master craftsman in Josefstadt ( now the 8th district of Vienna ) died 1838 .
Rosetta Sherwood Hall ( born Liberty , Sullivan County , New York ; September 19 , 1865 , died 1951 ) was a medical missionary and educator .
Sir Robert Broke SL ( died 5 or 6 September 1558 ) was a British justice , politician and legal writer .
Sir William Wilkinson Addison ( 4 April 1905 -- 1 November 1992 ) , was an English historian , author and jurist .
Andrew Brice ( 1690 - -1773 ) was an English printer and writer .
Shmuel Shilo or Shmulik Shiloh ( Hebrew : שמואל שילה‎ , 1 December 1929 -- 4 October 2011 ) was an Israeli actor , director and producer , born in the Second Polish Republic , and best remembered for his role on the Israeli production of Rechov SumSum , a popular TV show based on Sesame Street .
Aristeidis Dimitratos ( Greek : Αριστείδης Δημητράτος ) ( 1902 - 1986 ) was a Greek trade union functionary and politician .
Jan Tomasz Drohojowski from Drohojów ( b. 1535 , d .. 12 November 1605 in Przemyśl ) was a Polish nobleman , referendarz wielki koronny , starosta of Przemyśl , a Polish ambsaadaor in Istanbul in 1578 , an owner of the castle in Rybotycze .
Cheng Qian ( simplified Chinese : 程潜 ; traditional Chinese : 程潛 ; pinyin : Chéng Qián ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'eng Ch'ien ; 31 March 1882 -- 5 April 1968 ) was a Chinese military general .
Alban Thomas ( 1686 - -1771 ) was a Welsh doctor , librarian and antiquarian , who followed in his father 's footsteps in supporting Welsh literature , being particularly associated with efforts by Moses Williams to publish Welsh - language manuscripts .
Wilfred Carter ( 19 June 1896 -- 1 November 1975 ) was an English sportsman who played first class cricket for Derbyshire County Cricket Club between 1920 and 1926 and football for Watford Football Club at the same time .
Chandra Kumar De ( Chondrokumar De ) ( 1889 - -1946 ) was a writer and collector of medieval folklore and folk ballads of East Bengal villages , mostly in Mymensingh now in Bangladesh .
James Hans Hamilton ( February 1810 -- 30 June 1863 ) , was an Anglo - Irish Member of Parliament .
Dennis Nikrasch ( September 12 , 1941 -- 2010 ) was a Vegas slot cheater and a former locksmith who was responsible for spearheading the biggest casino theft in Las Vegas history , by grabbing $ 16,000,000 from rigging slot machines over a 22-year period .
Father Edward Yarnold S.J. ( 14 January 1926 -- 23 July 2002 ) was a prominent Jesuit theologian and Master of Campion Hall from 1965 to 1972 at the University of Oxford in England .
József Ficzkó or Fitzkó ( Burgenland Croatian : Jožef Ficko ) ( 15 March 1772 -- 28 November 1843 ) was a Slovene born Roman Catholic priest and writer .
Martin Bucer ( early German : Martin Butzer ) ( 11 November 1491 -- 28 February 1551 ) was a German Protestant reformer based in Strasbourg who influenced Lutheran , Calvinist , and Anglican doctrines and practices .
B. V. Subbamma also known as Bathineni , Venkata Subbamma ( 1 July 1925 -- 12 January 2009 ) was an Indian theologian and scholar .
Diogo de Mendonça Corte - Real ( 17 June 1658 -- 9 May 1736 ) was an accomplished Portuguese diplomat and statesman , and Secretary of State to King Peter II and John V.
Air Vice - Marshal George Henry Morley CB CBE(Mil . ) OBE FRCS ( 22 February 1907- 26 May 1971 ) was a British military doctor , an expert on plastic surgery , particularly the treatment of burns , and senior RAF officer .
Robert Lee Burns ( 1930/31 -- 2002 ) was an American bank robber who was the subject of an interstate battle over an issue of parole of convicted criminals .
Christopher Hinton , Baron Hinton of Bankside OM KBE FRS FREng ( 12 May 1901 -- 22 June 1983 ) was a British nuclear engineer , and supervisor of the construction of Calder Hall , the world 's first large - scale commercial nuclear power station .
Nellie Wallace ( 18 March 1870 -- 24 November 1948 ) was a British music hall star , actress , comedienne , dancer and songwriter who became one of the most famous and best loved music hall performers .
Abu Ayyub Sulayman ibn Wahb ( died July / August 885 ) was a senior official of the Abbasid Caliphate who served several times as vizier .
Thomas Hailes Lacy ( 1809 - 1 August 1873 ) was a British actor , playwright , theatrical manager , bookseller , and theatrical publisher .
Johan Bergenstråhle ( 13 May 1756 -- 7 March 1840 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish military officer who participated in Russo - Swedish War ( 1788 - 1790 ) , and the Finnish War .
William George Ward ( 21 March 1812 -- 6 July 1882 ) was an English theologian and mathematician .
Johannes Mensing ( Mensingk ) ( 1477 - -1547 ) was a German Dominican theologian and controversialist , an opponent of Martin Luther .
Tang Wing - Cheung ( Chinese : 鄧永祥 ; 20 June 1916 -- 20 April 1997 ) , MBE , better known by his stage name Sun Ma Sze Tsang ( Chinese : 新馬師曾 ; literally : `` New Ma Sze - Tsang '' ) , was a Cantonese opera singer and actor in Hong Kong .
Augustín Malár ( 18 July 1894 Reitern , Austria -- ? 1945 , Sachsenhausen ) was a Slovak general during World War II .
Sir John Knatchbull , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1636 -- 15 December 1696 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1660 and 1690 .
Harold Rayner ( 27 July 1888 -- 8 December 1954 ) was an American fencer and modern pentathlete .
Svend Johansen ( 10 September 1890 -- 6 October 1970 ) was a Danish painter , scenographer and illustrator .
Yigal Hurvitz ( Hebrew : ; יִגָּאֵל הורביץ‎‎ 1918 -- 10 January 1994 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a government minister in the late 1970s and 1980s .
Pope Valentine ( in Latin : Valentinus ; 800 -- 10 October 827 ) was Pope for two months in 827 .
Andrea Procaccini ( 14 January 1671 -- 1734 ) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period , active in Rome as well as in Spain .
Air Marshal Sir ( Horace Ernest ) Philip Wigglesworth , KBE , CB , DSC ( 11 July 1896 -- 31 May 1975 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force .
D. D. Thacker ( 1884 - -1961 ) better known was Diwan Bahadur D. D. Thacker , FRSA was a noted coal miner and philanthropist from Jharia , Dhanbad .
Tun Ledang Shah ( 1234 - -1463 ) was a mythical character ( who was probably based on a real person ) in the ancient Malay history who was assumed to live during the 13th century Srivijayan Empire till the 15th century Sultanate of Malacca .
Gopinath Saha ( 1906 - 1924 ) was a Bengali activist for Indian independence ( from British rule ) and member of the Hindustan Republican Association .
Pietro Aron , also known as Pietro ( or Piero ) Aaron ( ca . 1480 -- after 1545 ) , was an Italian music theorist and composer .
Francisco Tito Yupanqui ( 1550 - -1616 ) was an indigenous Bolivian sculptor .
Thomas Hawksley ( 12 July 1807 -- 15 September 1893 ) was an English civil engineer of the 19th century , particularly associated with early water supply and coal gas engineering projects .
Zalman Susayeff ( also Suzayev ) ( Hebrew : זלמן סוזאיב‎ , born 14 February 1911 , died 25 February 1981 ) was an Israeli businessman and politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists between 1951 and 1959 .
Karl Leander Ikonen ( 14 October 1860 , Joroinen - 27 April 1918 , Viipuri ) was a Finnish architect and politician .
Annetto Casolani ( 10 August 1815 - 1 August 1866 ) was a Maltese prelate who served as the first Apostolic Vicar of Central Africa present day Archdiocese of Khartoum in Sudan .
Henning Haslund - Christensen ( 31 August 1896 -- 13 September 1948 ) was a Danish travel writer and anthropologist .
Bruno Mora ( 29 March 1937 -- 10 December 1986 ) was an Italian football player and coach , who played as a right winger ; during his prime he was regarded as one of the best players in the world in his position .
Bela Marsh ( 1797 - 1869 ) was a publisher and bookseller in Boston , Massachusetts , in the 19th century .
Joseph Churba ( c. 1934 - 18 April 1996 ) was a United States Air Force Middle East intelligence expert , author , and political activist known for his support of Israel .
Edith Ogden Harrison ( 16 November 1862 -- 22 May 1955 ) was a well - known and prolific author of children 's books and fairy tales in the early decades of the twentieth century .
Samantha Dubois ( 15 January 1955 -- 1 October 1992 ) was a radio presenter on Radio Caroline during the 1970s and again in 1984 .
John Houlton Marshall ( 9 October 1768 in Halifax , Nova Scotia -- 2 May 1837 in Charlotte Street , Bloomsbury Square , Middlesex ) was a Nova Scotian who was a naval commander throughout the Napoleonic Wars .
Lydia Mackenzie Falconer Miller or Harriet Myrtle ( 1812 -- 11 March 1876 ) was a British writer for children .
Manuel António Vassalo e Silva ( Torres Novas , 8 November 1899 -- Lisbon , 11 August 1985 ) was an officer of the Portuguese Army and an overseas administrator .
John Devereux , 8th Baron Ferrers of Chartley ( 1463 -- 3 May 1501 ) was an English peer .
Gustav Lange ( 13 August 1830 -- 20 July 1889 ) was a German composer known mainly for his melodious salon music for the piano .
Colonel John Mount Batten CB JP ( 7 April 1843 -- 5 March 1916 ) was a British soldier and landowner .
Ralph Knevet ( 1600 - 1671 ) was an English clergyman and poet .
Tunku Abdul Malik ibni Sultan Badlishah ( 24 September 1929 -- 29 November 2015 ) was the heir presumptive to the throne of Kedah .
Surjit Singh Sandhawalia ( 27 July 1925 -- 16 November 2007 ) was a Chief Justice of the Punjab & Haryana High Court from July 1978 to November 1983 .
Hugh Henshall ( 1734 - -1816 ) was an English civil engineer , noted for his work on canals .
William Romaine Callender ( junior ) ( 1825 -- 22 January 1876 ) was a British businessman and Conservative politician .
Fred Longden ( 23 February 1888 -- 5 October 1952 ) was a British Labour Co - operative politician .
Ernst von Rüchel ( 21 July 1754 -- 14 January 1823 ) was a Prussian general who led an army corps in a crushing defeat by Napoleon at the Battle of Jena on 14 October 1806 .
Altamiro Rossato ( 23 June 1925 -- 13 May 2014 ) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate and Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Porto Alegre .
Harry Wolstenholme ( 21 June 1868 -- 14 October 1930 ) was an Australian lawyer and ornithologist .
Earl Ottir ( Old Norse : Óttar jarl ; Medieval Latin : Oter comes , ' Count Oter ' ; died 918 ) , also known as Ottir the Black ( Old Irish : Ottir Dub ) , was a jarl who occupied a prominent position among the Norse of Britain and Ireland in the early 10th century .
Eliza Fletcher , née Dawson ( 15 January 15 , 1770 -- 5 February 1858 ) was a British autobiographer and early travel writer .
Yemi Ajibade ( 28 July 1929 -- 24 January 2013 ) , also credited as Yemi Goodman Ajibade or Ade - Yemi Ajibade , was a Nigerian playwright and actor who , after settling in England in the 1950s , made significant contributions to the British theatre and the canon of Black drama .
Girim of Silla ( r. 298 - 310 , died 310 ) , whose name is sometimes given as Girip and also as Gigu , was the fifteenth king of Silla .
William Fletcher Burden ( 14 March 1830 -- 7 December 1867 ) was an industrialist born in Troy , New York .
Robert d'Aguiló ( c. 1100 -- c. 1159 ) , also known as Robert Bordet , was a Norman knight who moved from Normandy to Catalonia in the early 12th century .
Jacob Coning or Jacob Koninck II ( c. 1647 -- 16 July 1724 ) was a Dutch - Danish painter who was painter to the Danish Court .
Qian Xuantong ( 1887 - -January 17 , 1939 ) was a Chinese linguist , and along with Gu Jiegang , one of the leaders of the Doubting Antiquity School .
Prince Ernst August of Lippe ( German : Prinz Ernst August Bernhard Alexander Eduard Friedrich Wilhelm zur Lippe ; 1 April 1917 -- 15 June 1990 ) was a claimant to the headship of the House of Lippe .
Andriy II Yuriyevych or Andrew of Galicia ( Ukrainian : Андрій II Юрієвич ) ( unknown -- 1323 ) was the last Rus ' king of Galicia - Volhynia in 1308 - -1323 ( according to other sources since 1315 ) .
Edward Davy ( 16 June 1806 -- 26 January 1885 ) was an English physician , scientist , and inventor who played a prominent role in the development of telegraphy , and invented an electric relay .
John Thomas Jutson ( c. 1885 -- 14 November 1959 ) was an Australian geologist and lawyer .
John Oxlee ( 1779 - -1854 ) was an English cleric , philologist and writer on theology .
James Bermingham was Bishop of Killala from 1344 to 1346 .
Erling Sverdrup ( 23 February 1917 -- 15 March 1994 ) was a Norwegian statistician and actuarial mathematician .
Blessed Liborius Wagner ( 5 December 1593 -- 9 December 1631 ) was a German Roman Catholic priest .
Henry Ainsworth ( 1571 - -1622 ) was an English Nonconformist clergyman and scholar .
Reverend James Osborne Arthur , Sr . ( 1887 - -1971 ) along with his wife Katherine Arthur ( 1883 - -1960 ) were missionaries for the Reformed Church of America .
Muhammad Mueenuddeen I was the sultan of the Maldives from 1798 to 1835 .
Ebenezer Jones ( 1820 - -1860 ) wrote a good deal of poetry of very unequal merit , but at his best shows a true poetic vein .
Joan Bridge ( 13 March 1912 - 8 December 2009 ) was a British costume designer .
Ayatollah Sayyid Muhammad Ali al - Hakim ( 1911 - -2011 ) was a high - ranking Shiite ayatollah .
Donald Larnach ( 17 July 1817 -- 12 May 1896 ) was a banker , financier and High Sheriff of Sussex in 1882 .
Mione Elizabeth George Israel ( died October 14 , 2003 ) , known as Mione `` Minette '' George for much of her life , and as Elizabeth Israel and Ma Pampo later in life , was the focus of one of the most widely publicized longevity claims of recent years .
Xiao Ni ( 蕭嶷 ) ( 444 - -492 ) , courtesy name Xuanyan ( 宣儼 ) , formally Prince Wenxian of Yuzhang ( 豫章文獻王 ) , was an imperial prince during the Chinese dynasty Southern Qi .
Mark Ellidge ( Born 1940 , died 9 January 2010 ) was a British press photographer .
George Compton , 4th Earl of Northampton , PC ( 18 October 1664 -- 15 April 1727 ) , styled Lord Compton from 1664 to 1681 , was a British peer .
José Toribio Aguilera Coello ( 7 March 1941 -- 10 June 2014 ) was a Honduran economist and politician .
Boris Pregel ( Russian : Борис Юльевич Прегель ; 24 January 1893 -- 7 December 1976 ) was a Ukrainian - born Jewish engineer and dealer in uranium and radium .
Robert Forde ( 29 August 1875 -- 13 March 1959 ) was an Antarctic explorer and member of the Terra Nova Expedition under Captain Robert Falcon Scott from 1910 - -1912 .
Doctor Ezekiel Ezra Smith ( also E.E. Smith ; 1852 - -1933 ) was the U.S. Ambassador to Liberia ( 1888 - -1890 ) and President of Fayetteville State University .
William Feinbloom ( born Brooklyn 1904 , died 1985 ) was an American optometrist considered to be a pioneer in the field of low vision , visual rehabilitation , and the development of low vision devices .
Xiao Zisheng ( simplified Chinese : 萧子升 ; traditional Chinese : 蕭子升 ; pinyin : Xiāo Zǐshēng ; 22 August 1894 - 21 November 1976 ) was a Chinese educator and scholar .
Walter Alison Phillips ( 21 October 1864 -- 28 October 1950 ) was an English historian , a specialist in the history of Europe in the 19th century .
Sir Robert Spottiswood , Lord Newabbey ( 1596 - -1646 ) , was a Scottish lawyer .
Charles Andreae ( 16 December 1906 -- 22 June 1970 ) was an English first class cricketer who played all his games for Cambridge University Cricket Club .
Ichirai ( 一来 , died 1180 ) was a Japanese warrior monk who supported the Minamoto clan of samurai against their rivals , the Taira clan .
Sir Thomas Allen , 1st Baronet ( c. 1633 -- 15 December 1690 ) also spelt Aleyn or Alleyn , was an English politician and grocer .
Frederick George Waterhouse ( 25 August 1815 -- 7 September 1898 ) was an English naturalist , zoologist and entomologist who made significant contributions to the study of the natural history of Australia .
Seaton Gales ( 1828 - 1878 ) was editor of the Raleigh Register and a junior editor of the Raleigh Sentinel .
Frances Greville née Macartney ( c 1724 -- 1789 ) was an Irish poet and celebrity in Georgian England .
Johan Bax van Herenthals ( 14 March 1637 ' s - Hertogenbosch -- 29 June 1678 , Cape Town ) , also written as Joan Bax , and van Herentals , was governor of the Dutch Cape Colony from 1676 succeeding the acting interim governor Ijsbrand Godske .
Lord Neill Campbell ( c. 1630 -- April 1692 ) was a Scottish nobleman who served as Deputy Governor of East New Jersey during 1686 , succeeding Gawen Lawrie .
Joseph Herrick ( August 6 , 1645 -- ca . 1710 ) was the principal law enforcement officer in Salem , Massachusetts during the Salem Witchcraft Trials of 1692 .
Gualterus Schneider ( 23 November 1772 - 10 September 1841 ) was the 3rd Surveyor General of Ceylon .
Harold McCracken ( 1894 - 1983 ) was an American author , Alaskan grizzly bear hunter , biplane stunt photographer , cinematographer , producer and museum director .
Daniel C. Cooper ( November 21 , 1773 -- July 13 , 1818 ) was an American surveyor , farmer , miller and political leader .
Charles Edward Beevor ( 12 June 1854 -- 5 December 1908 ) was an English neurologist and anatomist who described Beevor 's sign , the Jaw jerk reflex , and the area of the brain supplied by the anterior choroidal artery .
Sahan Dosova , or Sakhan Dosova ( Kazakh : Сaxaн Дocoвa ; claimed 27 March 1879 ( ? ) -- 9 May 2009 ) was a Kazakhstani woman reputed by some to have been the oldest woman who ever lived .
Godfrey Goodman , also called Hugh ; ( 28 February 1582 or 1583 - -19 January 1656 ) was the Anglican Bishop of Gloucester , and a member of the Protestant Church .
Óengus of Moray ( Oenghus mac inghine Lulaich , ri Moréb ) was the last King of Moray of the native line , ruling Moray in what is now northeastern Scotland from some unknown date until his death in 1130 .
Carl Randau ( 8 August 1893 - April 1969 ) was an American playwright and journalist .
Hermann Knüfken ( 9 February , 1893 - 8 February , 1976 ) was a German trade unionist , communist activist and anti - fascist .
Eleanor McClatchy ( 1895 - 1980 ) was president of the McClatchy newspapers from 1936 until 1978 .
Xu Yuanquan ( 徐源泉 ; Hsü Yüan - ch'üan ; 1885 - -1960 ) was a Kuomintang general from Hubei .
Gisbert Steenwick ( also Gijsbert ) ( baptized 6 January 1642 -- buried 20 August 1679 ) was a Dutch composer , organist , and carillonneur .
August Brentano ( 1829 - November 2 , 1886 ) was a New York City newspaper dealer who was born in Hohenems , Austria .
Eliza Turck ( 1832 - -1891 ) , was an English portrait ( including miniatures ) , genre , bird and landscape painter , illustrator and writer .
Josefine Balluck ( 9 September 1908 -- 1984 ) was an Austrian actress with dwarfism , best known for her role as one of the Munchkins in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz . Her dwarf brother Franz Balluck also appeared as a Munchkin in that same film .
John Baring , 2nd Baron Revelstoke PC DL ( 7 September 1863 -- 19 April 1929 ) , was senior partner of Barings Bank from the 1890s until his death .
Gugsa of Yejju ( died 23 May 1825 ) was a Ras of Begemder ( circa 1798 until his death ) , and Inderase ( regent ) of the Emperor of Ethiopia .
Sir William Wheler , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1611 -- 6 August 1666 ) of the city of Westminster , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1640 and 1660 .
After the attempt on Commodus 's life in 182 , Saoterus was implicated in the plot by the praetorian prefect Tigidius Perennis , and was murdered by the freedman Cleander , who succeeded him as chamberlain .
Niels Carlsen ( 8 January 1734 -- 3 May 1809 ) was a Norwegian timber merchant and ship owner .
Qais bin Ahmad ( died May 1808 ) was the third son of Ahmad bin Sa'id Al - Busaidi , the first Sultan of Oman of the Al Said dynasty .
Gabriel Powell ( baptised 1576 - -1611 ) was a Welsh Anglican priest , known for his strident anti - Catholic views .
Frank Silver ( 1896 - -1960 ) , a U.S. songwriter .
Felicula ( died 90 AD ) was an early virgin martyr .
Christine Tamblyn ( July 12 , 1951 -- January 1 , 1998 ) was an American feminist media artist , critic , and educator .
Dora Batty ( 1900 - 1966 ) was a British designer , working in illustration , poster design , pottery and textiles .
John Hastings , 2nd Earl of Pembroke , KG ( 29 August 1347 -- 16 April 1375 ) , was an English nobleman and soldier who also held the title Baron Abergavenny .
Dafydd Benfras ( fl . 1230 - 1260 ) was a Welsh language court poet regarded by Saunders Lewis and others as one of the greatest of the ' Poets of the Princes ' ( Beirdd y Tywysogion ) .
Frederick Rowbottom ( 16 January 1938 -- 12 October 2009 ) was a British logician and mathematician .
Max Margulis ( 1907 - -1996 ) was an American musician , writer , music teacher , voice coach , record producer , copywriter , photographer and left - wing activist .
Sir Hugh Vaughan ( ? -- 28 August 1536 ) was born in Wales as a commoner to unknown parents , who later became Governor of Jersey ( or Captain ) .
Insoo Kim Berg ( 25 July 1934 -- 10 January 2007 ) was a Korean - born American psychotherapist who was a pioneer of solution focused brief therapy .
Bernice Bing ( 1936 - -1998 ) was a Chinese American artist born in San Francisco , California in 1936 .
George Townshend , 2nd Marquess Townshend , PC , FRS ( 18 April 1753 -- 27 July 1811 ) , known as The Lord Ferrers of Chartley from 1770 to 1784 and as The Earl of Leicester from 1784 to 1807 , was a British peer and politician .
Johann Joseph Fritz von Miller , known as Fritz von Miller ( 11 November 1840 - -29 December , 1921 ) was a German bronze caster , goldsmith and sculptor .
Cord Widderich ( alternative spelling : Kort Wiederich ) ( died 1447 ) was a pirate active during political conflicts between Dithmarschen and North Frisia in the early fifteenth century .
The Very Rev Leonard Coulshaw CB , MC , FKC ( 24 February 1896 -- 22 July 1988 ) was Chaplain of the Fleet and Archdeacon of the Royal Navy from 1948 to 1952 .
Handel Cossham ( 31 March 1824 -- 23 April 1890 ) was a British colliery owner , lay preacher and Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1890 .
John Marcum ( 1913 - -1981 ) was the co - founder of ARCA and a NASCAR official from Toledo , Ohio , United States .
Raimondo Epifanio ( 1440 - -1482 ) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance period .
Francisco de Paula Andrade Troconis ( 1840 - -1915 ) was a Venezuelan engineer and journalist .
D'Arcy Rose ( 14 August 1888 -- 17 August 1964 ) was an Australian politician and a member of the New South Wales Legislative Assembly from 1939 until 1959 .
Ezra Danin ( 2 August 1903- 31 May 1984 ) was the head of the Arab section of the SHAI , the intelligence arm of the Haganah , Israeli politician and an orange grower .
George Riddoch ( 10 August 1842 -- 23 April 1919 ) was an Australian pastoralist and politician .
Sir Richard Grobham Howe , 3rd Baronet ( c.1651 - -1730 ) , of Little Compton , Withington and Chedworth , Gloucestershire , and Wishford , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Arnstein Øverkil ( 29 March 1937 -- 27 February 2014 ) was a Norwegian police chief and civil servant .
Andrei Ivanovici Kliushnikov , real name Vasilii Surov ( commonly known as Nenin or Ninin ; 1892 - 1924 ) , was a Soviet communist who took a very important role in the Tatarbunary Uprising .
Al - Muqtafi ( 1096 -- 12 March 1160 ) ( Arabic : المقتفي لأمر الله‎ ) was the Abbasid Caliph in Baghdad from 1136 to 1160 .
Dorothy Way Eggan ( 1901 - -1965 ) was an American anthropologist noted for her research among the Hopi tribe .
Jesse Pickard Tripp ( 7 May 1883 -- 6 September 1971 ) was a Canadian politician serving in municipal , provincial and federal governments .
Robert Armin ( c. 1563 -- 1615 ) was an English actor , a member of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
Paolo Galletti ( 7 March 1937 -- 25 April 2015 ) was an Italian former swimmer .
Rear - Admiral Hans Voss ( 28 April 1894 - 29 May 1973 ) was a German naval officer .
Gebek Janku ibn Muhammad was the Khan ( Nutsal ) of Avaristan 1801 - -1802 .
Otto Wacker ( 1898 - -1970 ) was a German art dealer who became infamous for commissioning and selling forgeries of paintings by Vincent van Gogh .
Inge Steensland ( 26 November 1923 -- 18 September 2010 ) was a Norwegian resistance leader and shipping magnate .
Isaac J. Lansing ( 1846 - 1920 ) was president of Clark Atlanta University from 1874 to 1876 and pastor at Park Street Church in Boston , Massachusetts from 1893 to 1897 .
Joan Woodward ( September 27 , 1916 -- 1971 ) was a British professor in organization sociology
James , Azadanus and Abdicius ( died 380 ) are martyrs of the Christian Church .
John Ton ( born Jan Cornelis Ton ) ( 30 May 1826 , Akersloot , North Holland - 4 June 1896 , Chicago , Illinois ) was a Dutch - born American abolitionist active in the Underground Railroad in Illinois .
Syed Mainul Hossain ( 17 March , 1951 -- 10 November 2014 ) was a Bangladeshi structural engineer and architect .
Alexander Livingstone Bruce ( 24 October 1881 -- 12 February 1954 ) was a capitalist of Scottish origin , a director and major shareholder of A L Bruce Estates Ltd , one of the largest property owning companies in colonial Nyasaland .
Thomas Bardolf , 5th Baron Bardolf ( died 19 February 1408 ) was a baron in the Peerage of England , Lord of Wormegay , Norfolk , of Shelford and Stoke Bardolph in Nottinghamshire , Hallaton ( Hallughton ) , Leicestershire , and others , and was `` a person of especial eminence in his time '' .
Herbert James Draper ( November 1863 ( or 1864)-- 22 September 1920 ) was an English Classicist painter whose career began in the Victorian era and extended through the first two decades of the 20th century .
Robert Francis Walker ( 1789 - -1854 ) was an English cleric and author , known as a translator of works of German evangelical writers .
Richard Marquand ( 22 September 1937 -- 4 September 1987 ) was a Welsh film director , best known for directing Return of the Jedi .
Edward McNiven ( 21 June 1827 -- 4 January 1858 ) was an English lawyer and cricketer who played first - class cricket for Cambridge University , Surrey and various amateur sides between 1846 and 1851 .
Nicholas Boson ( 1624 - -1708 ) was a writer in , and preserver of , the Cornish language .
John Mason Peck ( 1789 - -1858 ) was an American Baptist missionary to the western frontier of the United States , especially in Missouri and Illinois .
Geoffrey de Clinton ( died c. 1134 ) was an Anglo - Norman noble , chamberlain and treasurer to King Henry I of England .
Sir Henry Francis Herbert Thompson , 2nd Baronet ( 2 April 1859 -- 26 May 1944 ) was a British Egyptologist .
Archie Grigg ( 15 February 1895 -- 15 October 1983 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John F. Hamilton ( 1893 - -1967 ) was an American - born film actor who worked for many years in Britain .
William Bulkeley Hughes ( 26 July 1797 -- 8 March 1882 ) was a Welsh politician who sat in the House of Commons as a Conservative from 1837 to 1859 , and as a Liberal from 1865 to 1882 .
Cosimo Lotti ( 1571 - -1643 ) was an Italian engineer , scenographer , and landscape designer .
Élisabeth Alexandrine de Bourbon ( Élisabeth Thérèse Alexandrine ; 5 September 1705 -- 15 April 1765 ) was a French princess of the blood and a daughter of Monsieur le Duc .
Norman Leslie Smith , also known by his pseudonym `` Wizard '' , ( 13 July 1890 -- 1 October 1958 ) was an Australian professional motor racing driver , known for his speed racing records .
Ivar Waller ( 11 June 1898 - 12 April 1991 ) was a Swedish professor of theoretical physics at Uppsala University .
Antoinette Feuerwerker ( 24 November 1912 -- 10 February 2003 ) was a French jurist and an active fighter in the French Resistance during the Second World War .
Dean Chapman ( 2 January 1931 -- 22 March 1965 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joos de Beer ( died 1591 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter from Utrecht .
Jan Rajewski ( 1857 - -1906 ) was a Polish mathematician and prominent professor of the University of Lviv .
Juan Carlos Castillo ( 19 August 1964 -- 25 November 1993 ) was a Colombian racing cyclist .
George Engleheart ( 1750 - -1829 ) was one of the greatest English painters of portrait miniatures , and a contemporary of Richard Cosway , John Smart , William Wood , and Richard Crosse .
Guillaume - Jean - Noël de Lavillegris ( Saint - Malo , 20 July 1752 -- Paris , 21 January 1807 ) was a French Navy officer .
Dankwart Danckwerts ( 14 March 1933 ; Hamburg -- 11 May 2012 ; Hamburg ) was a German sociologist .
Joseph Franz , Prince of Dietrichstein ( 28 March 1798 -- 10 July 1858 ) , was a German prince member of the House of Dietrichstein , Major general , 9th Prince ( Fürst ) of Dietrichstein zu Nikolsburg , Count of Proskau - Leslie , Baron ( Freiherr ) of Hollenburg , Finkenstein and Thalberg .
George Brown Goode ( 13 February 1851 -- 6 September 1896 ) , was an ichthyologist , although most of his time was spent as a museum administrator and he was very interested in the history of science , especially the history of the development of science in America .
Sir Bysshe Shelley , 1st Baronet of Castle Goring ( 21 June 1731 -- 6 January 1815 ) was the grandfather of Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley .
Kapitänleutnant Diether von Roeder ( died 10 July 1918 ) was a German naval officer killed during World War I. He was commander of the 13th Torpedo Boat Flotilla and died aboard Torpedo Boat S66 .
Paul J. Reinman , born Joseph Paul Reinmann , ( 2 September 1910 , Germany--27 September 1988 ) was an American comic book artist best known as one of Jack Kirby 's frequent inkers during the period comics fans and historians call the Silver Age of Comic Books .
Claus Fasting ( 29 October 1746 -- 25 December 1791 ) was a Norwegian playwright , literary critic , editor and civil servant .
Maurice Banide ( 20 May 1905 -- 20 May 1995 ) was a professional French football player and manager .
Mašo Vrbica ( 1833 in Vrba - 10 May 1898 in Banja Luka ) was a Montenegrin duke and military commander .
Bernard Ato V ( died 1163 ) was the Viscount of Nîmes of the Trencavel family from 1129 to his death .
Sir Thomas Neville or Nevill ( by 1484 -- 29 May 1542 ) was a younger son of George Neville , 4th Baron Bergavenny .
Noton Osborne ( 1844 -- 10 December 1878 ) was an Australian cricketer .
Herbert Claude Barnard ( 16 October 1890 -- 6 December 1957 ) was an Australian politician and government minister .
Giorgio Mangiamele ( 13 August 1926 -- 13 May 2001 ) was an Italian / Australian photographer and filmmaker who made a unique contribution to the production of Australian art cinema in the 1950s and 1960s .
Umberto Masetti ( 4 May 1926 - 28 May 2006 ) was an Italian two - time World Champion Grand Prix motorcycle road racer .
Thomas Evans ( Tomos Glyn Cothi ) ( 20 June 1764 -- 29 January 1833 ) , was a Welsh poet .
Wang Donglei ( Simplified Chinese : 王冬雷 ) ( 1 January 1985 -- 5 April 2008 ) was a Chinese footballer .
Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz ( Polish : ( staˈɲiswaf iɡˈnat͡sɨ vitˈkʲɛvit͡ʂ ) ; 24 February 1885 -- 18 September 1939 ) , commonly known as Witkacy , was a Polish writer , painter , philosopher , playwright , novelist , and photographer active in the interwar period .
Muhammad ibn Munkadir ( died 747 ) , also known as Ibn al - Munkadir or Muhammad al - Taymi , was a prominent tabi'i ( plural : taba'een ) and reciter of the Qur'an , who transmitted a number of hadith .
Henry II of Leez ( died 4 September 1164 ) was prince - bishop of Liège from 1145 until his death .
François Devouassoud ( September 1831 -- 1905 ) was a French mountain guide who made many first ascents in the Alps , notably as guide to Douglas William Freshfield , who claimed that Devouassoud `` was the first Alpine guide to carry his ice - axe to the snows of a distant range '' .
The Reverend George Andrew Jacob DD ( 16 December 1807 -- 7 May 1896 ) was an English clergyman and schoolmaster and author of many books about education and Christianity .
Danny McAllister ( 1919 - -2008 ) was a famous Irish sportsperson .
Sir Pryce Pryce - Jones ( 16 October 1834 -- 11 January 1920 ) was a Welsh entrepreneur who was one of the first to succeed in the mail order business .
John Cabess ( also written as John Kabes or John Cabes ) ( c. 1640s-1722 ) was a prominent African trader in the port city of Komenda , part of the Eguafo Kingdom , in modern - day Ghana .
Hans Ritter von Hemmer , ( 26 June 1869 -- 15 December 1931 ) , son of Colonel Anthony Hemmer , was an officer in the Royal Bavarian Army and Knight Commander of the Military Order of Max Joseph .
Zorawar Singh Kahluria ( 1786 - 1841 ) was born in Kahlur State in Bilaspur , Kahlur , Sikh Misl .
Josef Labor ( 29 June 1842 -- 26 April 1924 ) was an Austrian pianist , organist , and composer of the late Romantic era .
Johann Christian Köpping ( 1704 -- 1772 ) was a German curator , best known as an assistant of J. S. Bach .
Dirk van Bleiswijk , or Dirck van Bleyswijck ( 28 December 1639 in Delft -- 11 September 1681 in Middelburg ) , was a Delft politician and writer .
Robert Orr , Jr. ( 5 March 1786 at Hannastown , Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania -- 22 May 1876 at Kittanning , Pennsylvania ) was a Pennsylvania political figure .
Johann Theodor de Bry ( 1561 -- 31 January 1623 ) was an engraver and publisher .
David Neil MacKenzie FBA ( 8 April 1926 -- 13 October 2001 ) was a scholar of Iranian languages .
Gerald FitzGerald , 11th Earl of Kildare ( 1525 - -1585 ) , also known as the `` Wizard Earl '' ( a sobriquet also given to Henry Percy , 9th Earl of Northumberland ) , was an Irish peer .
Alice Grant Rosman ( 18 July 1882 -- 20 August 1961 ) - also known as Alice Trevenen Rosman - was an Australian novelist .
Jeremiah N. Reynolds ( 1799 - -1858 ) , also known as J.N. Reynolds , was an American newspaper editor , lecturer , explorer and author who became an influential advocate for scientific expeditions .
Ines Fančović ( née Nikolić ; 5 October 1925 -- 21 August 2011 ) was a Bosnian actress of film , television and theater .
John Leo Travers ( 20 October 1899 -- 23 February 1979 ) was an Australian politician who represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Torrens from 1953 to 1956 for the Liberal and Country League .
Bernice Tannenbaum ( 6 November 1913 -- 6 April 2015 ) was an activist with Hadassah .
Akha Bhagat ( or commonly known as Akho ) ( Gujarati : અખા ભગત , અખો ) ( 1591 - -1656 ) was a medieval Gujarati poet who wrote in the tradition of the Bhakti movement .
John Alexander Gunn ( 1896 - -1975 ) was an author of philosophy books who earned his Ph.D. from the University of Liverpool and worked there as a fellow .
Hans Monderman ( 19 November 1945 -- 7 January 2008 ) was a Dutch road traffic engineer and innovator .
Rochus Misch ( 29 July 1917 -- 5 September 2013 ) was a German Oberscharführer ( sergeant ) in the 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler ( LSSAH ) .
David Jenks SSM ( 1866 - -1935 ) was a priest of the Church of England and member of the Society of the Sacred Mission ( SSM ) .
Arthur Rosebery ( 1904 - 1986 ) was an English pianist and singer .
Harold Clarke Goddard ( 1878 - 1950 ) was a professor in the English Department of Swarthmore College .
Roop Singh Bais ( 8 September 1908 -- 16 December 1977 ) was a legendary Indian hockey player .
Miltiadis Goulimis ( Greek : Μιλτιάδης Γουλιμής ) ( 1844 - -1896 ) was a Greek politician from Missolonghi .
George Teasdale ( 8 December 1831 -- 9 June 1907 ) was a Mormon missionary and a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Don McKillop ( 14 November 1929 -- 19 December 2005 ) was an English actor born in Carlisle , Cumberland .
Marc Krasner ( 1912 -- 13 May 1985 , Paris ) was a Russian - born French mathematician , who worked on algebraic number theory .
Admiral Sir Colin Richard Keppel GCVO KCIE CB DSO ( 3 December 1862 -- 6 July 1947 ) was a British sailor and Extra Equerry to four kings .
Gregorius Sickinger ( 1558 - -1631 ) was a Swiss painter , draughtsman , and engraver .
Stephen Poyntz Denning ( 1795 -- 8 June 1864 ) was an English portrait painter and gallery curator .
Johann Nepomuk Sepp ( 7 August 1816 -- 5 June 1909 ) was a German historian and politician , and a native of Bavaria .
Ashot the Swift ( died in 939 ) ( Georgian : აშოტ კისკასი ) was a Georgian prince of the Bagrationi dynasty from Tao - Klarjeti .
John Horvat ( Croatian : Ivan Horvat ; Hungarian : János Horváti ; died on 15 August 1394 ) was a Croatian nobleman in the Kingdom of Hungary - Croatia who served as Ban of Macsó from 1376 to 1381 , and again between 1385 and 1386 .
Wilbur Kitchener Jordan ( also known as W. K. Jordan ) , ( 1902 - 1980 ) was an American historian , specializing in sixteenth and seventeenth century Britain .
Leopold Endel - Ragis ( 1894 - -1943 ) was soldier of the Polish Legions in World War I and the Austro - Hungarian Army , and colonel of infantry of the Polish Army in the Second Polish Republic ( 1918 - 1939 ) .
Thomas de Ringstead ( died 1366 ) was an English Dominican who became Bishop of Bangor .
Ernie Sellars ( 20 June 1890 -- 8 November 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Henry Sloughter ( died 1691 ) was briefly colonial governor of New York and Massachusetts in 1691 .
Eddie Bevan ( c. 1925 - -1988 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Ravi Shankar Vyas ( 1884 - -1984 ) was an Indian freedom fighter born at Radhu ( Kheda district , Gujarat , India ) and social reformer , hailing from and working in the state of Gujarat .
William de Spynie ( died 1406 ) was a Scottish prelate .
Satyananda Stokes ( 16 August 1882 - 14 May 1946 ) was an American who settled in India and participated in the Indian Independence Movement .
Jacopo Colonna ( died 1540 ) was an Italian sculptor active in the Renaissance .
Jack Carmody ( 7 June 1911 -- 28 March 1982 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Hosack ( baptised 1813 -- 1887 ) was a Scottish lawyer and historical writer .
Fridugisus , also known as Fredegisus or Fredegis of Tours ( born in England towards the end of the eighth century ; died in Tours around 834 ) , was a monk , teacher , and writer .
Nelson Boyd ( February 6 , 1928 , Camden , New Jersey -- October 1985 ) was an American bebop jazz bassist .
Mary Ellaline Terriss , Lady Hicks ( 13 April 1871 -- 16 June 1971 ) , known professionally as Ellaline Terriss , was a popular English actress and singer , best known for her performances in Edwardian musical comedies .
Jakob van Domselaer ( 15 April 1890 in Nijkerk , Gelderland -- 5 January 1960 ) was a Dutch composer .
Baldwin de Redvers , 7th Earl of Devon ( 1 January 1236 -- 1262 ) , feudal baron of Plympton in Devon and Lord of the Isle of Wight , was the son of Baldwin de Redvers , 6th Earl of Devon and Amice de Clare , daughter of Gilbert de Clare , 5th Earl of Hertford .
Ayyub Musallam Ya'qub Musallam ( 1905 - -2001 ) was a public speaker , author and politician .
Costanza d'Avalos Piccolomini ( died 1560 ) was a duchess of Amalfi .
Sir John Henry Birchenough , 1st Baronet , GCMG ( 7 March 1853 -- 12 May 1937 ) was an English businessman and public servant .
Joseph Wattmann von Maëlcamp - Beaulieu ( 6 March 1789 , Oberlangbath -- 14 September 1866 ) was an Austrian surgeon .
Jack O'Newbury ( 1489 - 1557 ) was the much - used nickname of John Winchcombe II . Jack was one of the richest and most influential English cloth merchants of the early 16th century .
Lucien Massart ( 1908 -- 1988 ) was a specialist in the animal and plant enzymology .
Kurt Oscar Weber ( 26 July 1938 -- 29 October 2011 ) was a Swiss - American fine artist , primarily working in sculpture and painting .
Stanisław Gabriel Worcell ( 26 March 1799 in Stepań / Volhynia -- 3 February 1857 in London ) was a socialist Polish revolutionary .
Marianne Breslauer ( married surname Feilchenfeldt , 20 November 1909 -- 7 February 2001 ) was a German photographer during the Weimar Republic .
Ross Graves ( August 27 , 1874 in Albany , New York -- 1940 ) was an American businessman and politician from New York .
John Griswold White ( 10 Aug 1845 - - 26 Aug 1928 ) was a prominent Cleveland attorney , a chess connoisseur , and a bibliophile .
Brigadier Cecil Arthur Harrop Chadwick CBE ( 13 August 1901 - -3 September 1970 ) , was a British soldier and briefly a Liberal Party politician .
Mastan Haider Mirza , popularly known as Haji Mastan , Bawa /Sultan Mirza ( 1 March 1926 - 9 May 1994 ) was an Indian mobster and filmmaker .
Gilbert Horal or Erail ( died December 1200 ) was the 12th Grand Master of the Knights Templar from 1193 to 1200 .
Bronwen Wallace ( 26 May 1945 -- 25 August 1989 ) was a Canadian poet and short story writer .
Bruno Radicioni ( 10 December 1933 -- 17 April 1997 ) was an Italian painter , sculptor and ceramist , lived for a decade in Canada .
May Wright Sewall ( May 27 , 1844 -- July 22 , 1920 ) was an American reformer , who was known for her service to the causes of education , women 's rights , and world peace .
Sir Francis Philip Cunliffe - Owen KCB KCMG CIE FRSA ( 8 June 1828 -- 23 March 1894 ) was an exhibition organizer and the Director of the South Kensington Museum in London .
Ulrich Ensingen ( or Ensinger ) ( 1350/60 -- February 10 , 1419 ) was a medieval German architect .
Margaret Nowell Graham ( 1867 - 1942 ) was an American artist who painted watercolors of flowers and landscapes .
William Cheselden ( /ˈtʃɛsəldən/ ; 19 October 1688 -- 10 April 1752 ) was an English surgeon and teacher of anatomy and surgery , who was influential in establishing surgery as a scientific medical profession .
Arthur Chesters ( 14 February 1910 -- 23 March 1963 ) was an English footballer .
Prof Sir Bernard Crossland CBE , FRS ( 20 October 1923 -- 17 January 2011 ) was a professor of engineering with a career spanning some seven decades .
Bernat Calbó ( or Calvó ) ( c. 1180 -- 26 October 1243 ) , sometimes called Bernard of Calvo , was a Catalan jurist , bureaucrat , monk , bishop , and soldier .
Henry Savage ( 1604?--1672 ) was an English clergyman , academic and controversialist , Master of Balliol College , Oxford from 1651 .
Karl von Luxburg ( 10 May 1872 in Würzburg -- 2 April 1956 in Ramos Mejía , Argentina ) was German chargé d'affaires at Buenos Aires , Argentina , in 1917 , during World War I.
Elizabeth Bradford Holbrook , CM , O.Ont ( 7 November 1913 -- 23 February 2009 ) was a Canadian portrait sculptor , medal designer and liturgical artist .
Jianzhi Sengcan ( Chinese : 鑑智僧璨 ; Hànyǔ Pīnyīn : Jiànzhì Sēngcàn ; Wade -- Giles : Chien - chih Seng - ts'an ; Japanese : Kanchi Sōsan , died 606 ) is known as the Third Chinese Patriarch of Chán after Bodhidharma and thirtieth Patriarch after Siddhārtha Gautama Buddha .
Ganesh Ghosh ( Bengali : গণেশ ঘোষ ) ( 22 June 1900 -- 16 October 1994 ) was a Bengali Indian independence activist , revolutionary and politician .
Princess Augusta of Saxe - Weimar - Eisenach ( Augusta Marie Luise Katharina ; 30 September 1811 -- 7 January 1890 ) was the Queen of Prussia and the first German Empress as the consort of William I , German Emperor .
James Milo Griffith ( 11 June 1843 -- 8 September 1897 ) was a Welsh sculptor , who after originally training as an artisan mason , became notable for his memorial statues .
Archibald McDowall ( 2 December 1841 -- 13 May 1918 ) was a Surveyor General of Queensland , ( then a colony , now a state of Australia ) .
George Shepheard ( 26 January 1770 -- 7 September 1842 ) was an English professional cricketer who made 10 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1794 to 1799 .
Madge Ryan ( 8 January 1919 -- 9 January 1994 ) was an Australian - born film , theatre and television actress , best known for her stage roles in the United Kingdom
Dr Conn McCluskey ( 1914 - 16 December 2013 ) was an Irish civil rights activist in the 1960s , and a medical doctor .
Henry Moxley ( 1809 - 1878 ) was an African - American businessman , religious leader and activist in Buffalo , New York .
Richard A. Compton ( July 9 , 1926 -- 1993 ) of Ithaca , New York was an American educator , hotelman and expert in the facilities management within resort and entertainment industry .
George Way Harley ( 8 August 1894 -- 7 November 1966 ) was an American Methodist medical missionary .
John Bois ( sometimes spelled Boys or `` Boyse '' ) ( 3 January 1560 -- 14 January 1643 ) was an English scholar , remembered mainly as one of the members of the translating committee for the Authorized Version of the Bible .
Thomas Newcomen Archibald Grove ( 1855 -- 4 June 1920 ) , commonly known as Archibald Grove , was a British magazine editor and Liberal Party politician .
Ferdinand Praeger ( 22 January 1815 -- 2 September 1891 ) ( aka Ferdinand Christian Wilhelm Praeger ) was a composer , music teacher , pianist and writer .
Arne Skaug ( 6 November 1906 -- 4 March 1974 ) was a Norwegian economist , civil servant , diplomat and politician for the Labour Party .
Pietro Gualdi aka Pedro Gualdi ( 22 July 1808 Carpi , Emilia - Romagna - 4 January 1857 New Orleans ) , was an Italian - born artist , panorama painter , architect and lithographer who was active in Mexico City from 1838 to about 1851 , and in New Orleans from about 1851 to 1857 .
Louis - Henri de Baugy , Chevalier de Baugy ( died 1720 ) was from a noble family of France and came to New France as a member of the party of Joseph - Antoine de La Barre , who was replacing Buade de Frontenac as Governor General .
József Haubrich ( 9 November 1883 , Deta -- 1939 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Defence twice in 1919 .
Robert Reasoner Nevin ( 2 August 1875 , in Dayton , Ohio -- 31 December 1952 ) was a United States federal judge .
Edward Arthur Wilson , better known as Brother XII , ( July 25 , 1878 - -November 7 , 1934 ? ) was an English mystic who , in the late 1920s , founded a spiritual community located just south of the city of Nanaimo on Vancouver Island , off the west coast of British Columbia , Canada .
Alan of Beccles ( ca . 1195 -- 1240 ) was official secretary to Bishops Pandulf and Thomas de Blundeville of Norwich between the years 1217 and 1236 .
John Urpeth Rastrick ( 26 January 1780 -- 1 November 1856 ) was one of the first English steam locomotive builders .
Ibnu Parna ( died 1965 ) was an Indonesian communist politician and leader of the Acoma Party ( Partai Acoma ) , and trade unionist .
Yuchi Jiong ( 尉遲迥 ) ( died 580 ) , courtesy name Bojuluo ( 薄居羅 ) , was a general of the Chinese / Xianbei states Western Wei and Northern Zhou .
Georgette de Montenay ( 1540 - -1581 ) was the French author of Emblemes ou devises chrestiennes , published in Lyon between 1567 and 1571 .
Lady Ida Beasley Elliott ( December 25 , 1864 - -1948 ) was a missionary to Burma and one of the first women to own a business in Winchester , Tennessee .
Heinrich Christian Macklot ( 20 October 1799 , Frankfurt am Main -- 12 May 1832 ) was a German naturalist .
Jean - Antoine Auguste Metz ( 8 August 1812 -- 22 June 1854 ) was a Luxembourgian entrepreneur , politician , and lawyer .
Henry Warwick Braithwaite ( 9 January 1896 -- 19 January 1971 ) was a New Zealand - born orchestral conductor .
Ken Herbert ( 27 December 1924 -- 3 March 2011 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Roderigo Lopez ( also called Ruy Lopes or Roger Lopez ; c. 1517 -- 7 June 1594 ) served as physician - in - chief to Queen Elizabeth I of England from 1581 until his death by execution , having been found guilty of plotting to poison the Queen .
Agilbert died at some time after 10 March 673 , on which date he witnessed Clotilde 's foundation charter for the Abbey of Bruyères - le - Châtel , and probably between 679 and 690 .
Thomas Bewes Strangways ( 23 July 1809 -- 23 February 1859 ) , generally called `` Bewes Strangways '' or `` T. Bewes Strangways '' , was an explorer , early settler and Colonial Secretary of South Australia .
Pan Tianshou ( Chinese : 潘天寿 ; pinyin : Pān Tiānshòu ; 1897 - -1971 ) was a Chinese painter and art educator .
Jorge Pires Ferreira ( 12 December 1920 -- 6 November 2013 ) , known professionally as Jorge Dória , was a Brazilian actor and humorist .
Allan Mullen , M.D. ( also Mullin , Molines ) ( died 1690 ) was an eminent Irish anatomist .
Basil LeFlore ( born near Carrollton , Mississippi , in 1811 ; died in Goodland , Indian Territory , 15 October 1886 ) was governor of the Choctaw nation from 1860 to 1875 , and later was auditor until his death .
Martha Walker Freer ( 1822 -- 1888 ) was an English writer on French history .
Jacques Brunel ( Brumel , Brumello , Brunello , Giaches Brumel , etc . ) ( died 1564 ) was a French organist and composer , active mostly in Italy .
Leo Steiner ( c. 1939 -- December 31 , 1987 ) was a Jewish American restaurateur who was co - owner of the Carnegie Deli , located next to Carnegie Hall at 55th Street and Seventh Avenue in the New York City borough of Manhattan .
Kariel Gardosh ( 15 April 1921 -- 28 February 2000 ) was an Israeli cartoonist and illustrator known by his nickname Dosh .
Andrew Broughton ( 1602/3 - -1687 ) was Clerk of the Court at the High Court of Justice for the trial King Charles I of England .
Blasco de Grañén ( ca . 1400 , Zaragoza , Spain - October 1459 , Zaragoza ) ( known as : `` Master of Lanaja '' ) was a Gothic painter active in Aragon from 1422 .
Sir Robert Rawlinson KCB ( 28 February 1810 -- 31 May 1898 ) was an English engineer and sanitarian .
Sergei Mikhailovich Golitsyn ( Russian : Серге́й Михайлович Голицын ; 14 March ( O.S. 1 March ) 1909 -- 7 November 1989 ) was a Russian writer .
Karl von Mansfeld ( 1543 -- 24 August 1595 ) was a German general during the Cologne War and the Ottoman - Habsburg wars .
Xavier Zequeira ( 2 May 1907 -- September 1976 ) was a Puerto Rican sports shooter .
Jeremiah Garnett ( 1793 - -1870 ) was an English journalist , active in the politics of Lancashire and the founding of The Guardian .
Lala Ram Ken ( Hindi : लाला राम केन ; 24 November 1931 − 5 October 2007 ) was a political leader who was elected Member of Parliament twice from Bayana Constituency for 7th and 8th Lok Sabha(Parliament ) .
Jenny Gilbertson ( born Jenny Brown ; October 28 , 1902 - January 8 1990 ) was a Scottish documentary and educational filmmaker .
Nalini Prava Deka ( 11 March 1944 -- 15 June 2014 ) was a prominent Assamese lady author , poet , storyteller , essayist , actress and radio playwright from Assam , a state encompassing the Brahmaputra valley in India .
Wong Ho Leng ( simplified Chinese : 黄和联 ; traditional Chinese : 黃和聯 ; pinyin : Huáng Hé Lián ; 21 December 1959 -- 21 June 2014 ) was a Malaysian politician .
Henry English ( died 1393 ) , of Wood Ditton , Cambridgeshire , was an English politician .
Menachem Yedid ( Hebrew : מנחם ידיד‎ ; 15 January 1918 -- 5 May 2013 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Gahal and Likud between 1965 and 1977 .
William Dollard ( baptized 29 November 1789 -- 29 August 1851 ) was an Irish born Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Bishop of Saint John in America , New Brunswick from 1842 to 1851 .
Henry Simms ( c. 1717 -- 17 June 1747 ) , known as Young Gentlemen Harry , was a thief and highwayman in 18th - century England who was transported to Maryland for theft , but escaped and returned to England , where he was eventually executed for highway robbery .
Barral of Baux ( died 1268 ) was Viscount of Marseilles and Lord of Baux .
Harriet Duncan Hobart ( 1825 - -1898 ) was an American schoolteacher and women 's rights advocate .
Robert Monteith ( 1812 -- 31 March 1884 ) , DL , JP , was a Scottish politician and philanthropist , Deputy Lieutenant for the County of Lanark .
Joshua Harold Burn FRS ( 6 March 1892 -- 13 July 1981 ) was an English pharmacologist and Emeritus Professor of Pharmacology at Oxford University .
K. R. Ramsingh ( c. 1915 - d. 18 October 1985 ) was a Tamil theatre artist , film actor and voice actor .
Joseph Bryant Rotherham ( 1828 - -1910 ) was a British biblical scholar and minister of the Churches of Christ .
Robert Plumptre ( 1723 - -1788 ) was an English churchman and academic , President of Queens ' College , Cambridge from 1760 .
Otto III , Duke of Pomerania ( 29 May 1444 -- 7 September 1464 ) was a member of the House of Griffins and a Duke of Pomerania - Stettin .
Zoltán Baló ( 23 January 1883 -- 10 December 1966 ) was a Hungarian military officer and a Colonel of the Royal Hungarian Home Defence Force and its successor , the Royal Hungarian Home Defence Force .
Sébastien René Lenormand ( 2 April 1796 in Condé - sur - Noireau -- 10 December 1871 ) was a French lawyer and botanist who specialized in the field of phycology .
Fredrik Møller ( 21 March 1906 -- 11 March 1971 ) was a Norwegian engineer , research administrator , entrepreneur and industrialist .
Rochunga Pudaite ( 4 December 1927 -- 10 October 2015 ) was an Indian minister of Hmar descent who translated the Bible into the Hmar language and founded Bibles for the World .
Ephraim Deinard ( 1846 - -1930 ) was one of the greatest Hebrew `` bookmen '' of all time .
João de Sá , knight ( fl . 1497 -- 1514 ) was a Portuguese explorer , who accompanied Vasco da Gama on the voyage that of the first ships to sail directly from Europe to India .
Eadwig , also spelled Edwy ( died 1 October 959 ) , usually called the All - Fair , was King of England from 955 until his premature death in 959 .
John Hodges Benwell ( 1764 - -1785 ) was an English genre painter , some of whose works became well - known through engravings .
Nathaniel Emmons ( April 20 , 1745 -- 1840 ) was a noted New England divine .
Robert Preston , 1st Baron Gormanston ( died 1396 ) was an Anglo - Irish nobleman , statesman and judge .
Myra Kinch ( 1904-November 20 , 1981 ) was a choreographer and dancer who appeared in several Hollywood motion pictures .
Stefano Madia ( 31 December 1954 -- 16 December 2004 ) was an Italian film actor .
Byrd Lockhart ( 1782 - -1839 ) , was a 19th - century Texas surveyor , Alamo defender , courier , and Texian officer during the Texas Revolution .
Ida de Tosny , Countess of Norfolk was very likely a daughter of Ralph V de Tosny ( died 1162 ) and his wife Margaret ( born circa 1125 and living in 1185 ) , a daughter of Robert de Beaumont , 2nd Earl of Leicester .
Abbas - Ali Amid Zanjani ( 30 March 1937 -- 30 October 2011 ) was an Iranian politician and cleric .
George Richard Marek ( 13 July 1902 -- 7 January 1987 ) was an American music executive and author of biographies of classical composers .
Susanna Montgomery , Countess of Eglinton ( 1690 -- 18 March 1780 ) was the third wife of Alexander Montgomerie , 9th Earl of Eglinton .
Margaret Fiennes , 11th Baroness Dacre ( 1541 -- 16 March 1612 ) was a suo jure peeress having been created Baroness Dacre by King James I of England in 1604 .
Ramón Allende Padín ( 19 March 1845 -- 14 October 1884 ) , nicknamed El Rojo ( `` The Red '' ) , was a Chilean physician and political figure .
Pino Massara ( 24 April 1931 - 23 July 2013 ) was an Italian musician , composer , record producer and conductor .
Mgr Anselm Bourke , born Nicholas Bourke , ( Dublin , 10 September 1835 -- West Perth , 2 June 1924 ) was a Roman Catholic priest of Irish origins .
Sidney Maiden ( 1923 -- 1970 ) was an American country blues musician .
Luz Jiménez or Luciana ( born Julia Jiménez González ; 1897 - -1965 ) was an indigenous Mexican model and Nahuatl - language storyteller and linguistic informant from Milpa Alta , D.F. As a young woman she witnessed the Mexican Revolution , and was present when Emiliano Zapata and his revolutionary army entered Milpa Alta in 1911 .
Nic Potter ( 18 October 1951 -- 16 January 2013 ) was a British bassist , composer and painter , best known for his work with the group Van der Graaf Generator in the 1970s .
Archibald Edward Glover ( 1859 - 1954 ) was a British Protestant Christian missionary in China .
Christian Gottlob Hubert ( 1714 - -1793 ) was a famous builder of keyboard instruments .
Nino Aleksi - Meskhishvili ( 1896 , Tbilisi -- 16 May 1956 , Moscow ) was a Georgian stage actor .
Edwin Eugene Bagley ( May 29 , 1857 -- January 29 , 1922 ) was an American composer , most famous for composing the march National Emblem .
Bert Boromeo ( 10 May 1892 -- 19 April 1971 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Karol Józef Krótki , FRSC ( 15 May 1922 -- 6 July 2007 ) was a renowned Polish Canadian demographer who , at various times , lived and worked in Poland , the United Kingdom , Sudan , Pakistan , Morocco and Canada .
Francisco Viana ( 1895 -- 1945 in Lisbon ) was a Portuguese guitarist and composer of fados .
George I Šubić of Bribir ( Croatian : Juraj I Šubić Bribirski ) ( c. 1277 -- 1302 ) was the Count of Trogir , and a member of the Croatian Šubić noble family .
Francis Hamilton Stuart ( 20 July 1912 -- 1 February 2007 ) is a former Australian public servant and diplomat .
Kazimierz Laskowski ( 7 November 1899 -- 20 October 1961 ) was a Polish fencer and military officer .
Noah Young Jr. ( 2 February 1887 - 18 April 1958 ) was a former champion weightlifter and actor .
Maximilian Elisäus Alexander von Hanstein , Count of Pölzig and Beiersdorf ( 9 June 1804 , Burghaig , Kulmbach -- 18 April 1884 , Schmölln ) was a Thuringian count .
Baltasar Barreira ( Balthasar ) ( 1531 - -1612 ) , born at Lisbon , was a Portuguese Jesuit missionary to Africa .
Ivan Prasko ( 1 May 1914 -- 28 January 2001 ) was the eparch of Australia , New Zealand and Oceania for the Ukrainian Catholic Church .
In Luo Guanzhong 's historical novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms , Cao Xing played a greater role in the events preceding the Battle of Xiapi in 198 .
Julius Klein ( 1901 - -1984 ) was an American , journalist , spy , business executive and United States Army general .
Eric Enstrom ( 1875 , in Mora parrish , Sweden -- 1968 , in Coleraine , Minnesota , USA ) was famous for his 1918 photograph of Charles Wilden in Bovey , Minnesota .
Gangadhar Appa Burande ( Marathi : गंगाधर अप्पा बुरांडे , 29 December 1919 in Moha -- 1 October 2008 ) was an Indian politician .
Johan Gadolin ( 5 June 1760 -- 15 August 1852 ) was a Finnish chemist , physicist and mineralogist .
Revd Dr Frederick Charles Plumptre ( 1796 - -1870 ) was a Victorian academic and administrator .
J. Fred Helf ( 1870 ? -- 1915 ? ) was an American composer and sheet music publisher during the early 20th century .
Owain ap Cadwgan ( died 1116 ) was a prince of Powys in eastern Wales .
Robert fitz Martin ( c. 10 ? ? -- c. 1159 ) was a Norman knight from the west of England who supported Henry I in his campaigns in Wales .
Syed Ijlal Haider Zaidi died on the morning of 23 March 2013 in Lahore after a 2 year battle with cancer .
John Corrin ( 10 September 1934 -- 30 November 2005 ) was a former Minister in the Isle of Man Government and Member of the House of Keys .
Sir Richard Elyot , SL ( died 1522 ) was an English landowner and judge .
Anton Karas ( 7 July 1906 -- 10 January 1985 ) was a Viennese zither player and composer , best known for his internationally famous 1948 soundtrack to Carol Reed 's The Third Man , which came about as a result of a chance meeting .
John Murray Bliss ( 22 February 1771 -- 22 August 1834 ) was a Canadian jurist , politician and administrator .
Erling Persson ( 21 January 1917 -- 28 October 2002 ) was the founder of H&M ( Hennes&Mauritz ) .
Patrick Denis O'Donnell ( 9 January 1922 -- 1 January 2005 ) was an Irish military historian , writer , former UN peace - keeper , and Commandant of the Irish Defence Forces .
Heinrich Ritter von Wittek ( 29 January 1844 -- 9 April 1930 ) was an Austrian politician and statesman .
Cees Heerschop ( 14 February 1935 -- 24 July 2014 ) was a Dutch professional footballer who played for PSV as a right back , making 191 appearances for the club in all competitions , between 1956 and 1964 .
Eleanor Mayo ( 1920 - -1981 ) was an American novelist of the mid twentieth century .
Alicia Adélaide Needham ( 31 October 1863 -- 24 December 1945 ) was an Irish composer of songs and ballads .
Bill Tarmey ( born William Piddington ; 4 April 1941 -- 9 November 2012 ) was an English actor , singer and author , best known for playing Jack Duckworth in the soap opera Coronation Street .
John Reily ( 1763 - 1850 ) was a soldier in the American Revolution who later held a number of civic positions including helping draft the Ohio State Constitution .
Alexander Selkirk ( 1676 -- 13 December 1721 ) , also known as Alexander Selcraig , was a Scottish sailor who spent more than four years as a castaway after being marooned on an uninhabited island in the South Pacific Ocean , also known as the South Sea .
Eberhard Fraas ( 26 June 1862 -- 6 March 1915 ) was a German scientist , geologist and paleontologist .
Sámuel Literáti Nemes ( 1796 - -1842 ) , Transylvanian - Hungarian antiquarian , co - founder of the National Széchényi Library in Budapest , infamous for many forgeries which even deceived some of the most renowned Hungarian scholars of the time .
Professor John Selwyn Bromley died in Southampton on 17 April 1985 , aged 71 .
Gustaf Arokallio ( 10 June 1854 , Sotkamo - 11 December 1939 : surname until 1906 Petterson ) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician .
William Augustine O'Carroll ( 1831 - -1885 ) was an Irish nationalist , radical liberal , journalist and Queensland newspaper editor .
Harold Arthur Prichard ( 1871 - -1947 ) , usually cited as H. A. Pritchard , was an English philosopher .
Nicholas If - Jesus - Christ - Had - Not - Died - For - Thee - Thou - Hadst - Been - Damned Barebone who traded as Nicholas Barbon ( c. 1640 -- c. 1698 ) was an English economist , physician , and financial speculator .
Joe Elvin ( real name Joseph Peter Keegan ) ( 29 November 1862 -- 3 March 1935 ) was a Cockney comedian and music hall entertainer and a Founder of the Grand Order of Water Rats , a show business charity .
Niccolò Granello , also Nicholas Granello and Granelo Nicolao ( 1553 - 30 November 1593 ) , was an Italian painter established in Spain , specialized in frescos decorative painting grotesques .
Alexander Kardin , ( 1917 - -1994 ) born Alexander Maria Indrak , was a German painter and film artist known for his landscapes .
Darsie Japp ( 17 February 1883 - -1973 ) was an English painter and soldier .
Carl Kaufmann ( 25 March 1936 -- 1 September 2008 ) was a West German sprint runner .
Joe Talirunili ( ca . 1893 - -1976 ) was an Inuit printmaker and sculptor , who would sometimes draw .
Henry Ommaney ( April 1805 -- 21 May 1829 ) was an English cricketer who played for Kent .
Theodore Lidz ( 1 April 1910 -- 16 February 2001 ) was an American psychiatrist best known for his articles and books on the causes of schizophrenia and on psychotherapy with schizophrenic patients .
Terence Lucy Greenidge ( 14 January 1902 -- 18 December 1970 ) was an English author and actor .
James Stuart McKnight ( November 15 , 1884 -- December 25 , 1950 ) was a National Guard officer who served in World War I , an attorney and a member of the City Council in Los Angeles , California , in 1931 and 1932 .
Felipe Songsong ( 1611 - -1685 ) was a Philippine Jesuit .
Marcelle de Lacour ( 6 November 1896 -- 24 March 1997 ) was a French harpsichordist and teacher .
Arthur Kreindler ( 15 May 1900 -- 28 May 1988 ) was a Romanian neurologist of Jewish origin , academic , professor of neurology at the Institute of Medicine and Pharmacy in Bucharest and director of the Institute of Neurology Research of the Romanian Academy .
Hamar Alfred Bass ( 30 July 1842 -- 8 April 1898 ) was a British brewer , race horse breeder and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1878 to 1898 .
Arthur W. V. Reeve MBE ( Born 1913-date of death unknown - approx . 1994 ) , was an author and scout from New Zealand .
John Murray Easton ( 30 January 1889 - 19 August 1975 ) was a Scottish architect and the winner of the Royal Gold Medal for architecture awarded by the Royal Institute of British Architects .
Aziz Dowlatabadi ( 1922 , Tabriz - 30 April 2009 , Tabriz ) also known by the pen name Darvish was Iranian poet .
Donald MacCrimmon MacKay ( 9 August 1922 - 6 February 1987 ) was a British physicist , and Professor at the Department of Communication and Neuroscience at the Keele University in Staffordshire , England , known for his contributions to information theory and the theory of brain organisation .
Sinéad de Valera , also known as Sinéad Ní Fhlannagáin and Sinéad Bean de Valera ( Irish pronunciation : ( ɕɪnʲeːdʲ bʲeːn̪ˠ dʲɛ vʲalʲɛrˠa ) ; 3 June 1878 -- 7 January 1975 ) , was an author and the wife of the Irish republican leader and third President of Ireland , Éamon de Valera .
Evelyn Tooley Hunt ( 1904 - -1997 ) , also known as Tao - Li , was a poet who was famous for writing the poem `` Taught Me Purple '' which inspired the novel The Color Purple by Alice Walker .
Maria van Lommen ( 1688 - -1742 ) , was a Dutch gold- and silversmith and guildmember .
Arthur Ernest Bishop AM ( 1917 -- 2006 ) was a noted Australian engineer and inventor .
Jacobus Pamelius ( Jacob van Pamele ) ( 13 May 1536 -- 19 September 1587 ) was a Flemish theologian .
Christian Ulrik Hansen ( 26 May 1921 -- 23 June 1944 ) was a student of theology and member of the Danish resistance executed by the German occupying power .
Leo Holub ( 25 November 1916 -- 27 April 2010 ) was an American photographer famous for his landscapes and architectural images of San Francisco , and photographs of Yosemite .
Guy David ( 25 July 1947 -- 30 August 2008 ) was a French footballer and coach .
Phyllis Matthewman ( 1896 - -1979 ) , British writer of children 's books , mostly boarding school stories .
Carl Frederik Tietgen ( 19 March 1829 -- 19 October 1901 ) was a Danish financier and industrialist .
Aquino de Bragança died on 19 October 1986 in a much - publicized plane crash in the Lebombo Mountains , near the border between Mozambique and South Africa .
Sir Richard Arches ( died 1417 ) , of Eythrope , in the parish of Waddesdon , Buckinghamshire , was MP for Buckinghamshire in 1402 .
Lieutenant - Colonel George Rodney , 2nd Baron Rodney ( 25 December 1753 -- 2 January 1802 ) , was a British soldier and politician .
Chen Wen - chen ( Chinese : 陳文成 ; pinyin : Chén Wénchéng , sometimes romanized as Chen Wen - cheng ) was an assistant professor of mathematics ( specializing in probability and statistics ) at Carnegie Mellon University who died on 3 July 1981 ( aged 31 ) under mysterious circumstances .
Francis Close ( 11 July 1797 -- 18 December 1882 ) was the Anglican rector of Cheltenham ( 1826 - -1856 ) and Dean of Carlisle ( 1856 - -1881 ) .
Gene Gerrard ( 31 August 1892 -- 1 June 1971 ) was an English film and stage actor , and occasional film director .
Lupus Servatus , also Servatus Lupus ( c. 805 -- c. 862 ) , in French Loup , was a Benedictine monk and Abbot of Ferrières Abbey during the Carolingian dynasty , who was also a member of Charles the Bald 's court and a noted theological author of the 9th century .
Steve Condos ( October 12 , 1918 -- September 16 , 1990 ) was an American tap dancer .
Mammy Lou ( born c. 1804 - died after 1918 ) claimed an age which would have made her one of the earliest - born people to appear in a motion picture .
Sir William Dunch ( 1578 - -1611 ) was an English politician during the reign of King James I. Dunch represented Wallingford in Berkshire ( now Oxfordshire ) as an MP in 1603 .
James Smith Turner ( 1832 - -1904 ) was a Scottish dentist , known for his role in dental surgery regulation .
Dušan Mugoša ( Serbian Cyrillic : Душан Мугоша fl . 7 January 1914 -- 8 August 1973 ) , nicknamed Duć ( Дућ ) , was a Yugoslav Partisan .
Carlile Pollock Patterson ( August 24 , 1816 - -August 15 , 1881 ) was the fourth superintendent of the United States Coast Survey .
Sam Hignett ( 1885 - ca . 1933 ) was an English footballer who played for Liverpool between 1906 and 1908 .
Gabriel Ruotsalainen ( 13 March 1893 -- 1 January 1984 ) was a Finnish long - distance runner .
Charles Fotherby ( ca . 1549 -- 1619 ) was a Church of England clergyman who became Dean of Canterbury Cathedral ( 1615 - -1619 ) .
Alessio Spani or Lekë Shpani ( 1442 - 1495 ) was an Albanian nobleman .
Walter Robert McAlister ( Ontario , 13 August 1931 -- Rio de Janeiro , 13 November 1993 ) was a Canadian Pentecostal minister who founded the New life Christian church ( Portuguese : Igreja Cristã de Nova Vida ) in Brazil .
Marie Angélique de Scorailles ( July 1661 -- 28 June 1681 ) was a French noblewoman and one of the many mistresses of Louis XIV .
Lajos Hencsey ( Szentpéterúr 1814 - Zürich 1844 ) was a Hungarian locksmith or blacksmith who became leader of Samuel Heinrich Fröhlich 's Nazarener Church in Transylvania which continues in Romania with around 1,000 members .
Sir John Carew , 3rd Baronet ( 6 November 1635 -- 1 August 1692 ) of Antony , Cornwall , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1660 and 1692 .
Lyubomir Miletich ( Bulgarian : Любомир Милетич ) ( 14 January 1863 -- 1 June 1937 ) was a leading Bulgarian linguist , ethnographer , dialectologist and historian , as well as the chairman of the Bulgarian Academy of Sciences from 1926 to his death .
Isaac Johannes Lamotius ( bapt . 29 May 1646 in Beverwijk - 1718 ) or ( 1653 - -1710 ) was governor of Mauritius from 1677 to 1692 .
David Cowan Dobson ( 1894 - -1980 ) , referred to as ' Cowan ' Dobson ARBA ( 1919 ) , RBA ( 1922 ) , was a leading Scottish portrait artist .
Elizabeth Hoffman Honness McKaughan ( June 29 , 1904 -- 2003 ) , better known as Elizabeth Honness , was an American author , poet , and writer .
Friedrich Sigmund Merkel ( 5 April 1845 -- 28 May 1919 ) was a leading German anatomist and histopathologist of the late 19th century .
Ray Gilbert ( 5 September 1912 , Hartford , Connecticut -- 3 March 1976 , Los Angeles , California ) was an American lyricist .
Constanza Hool ( 6 December 1925 -- 20 July 2008 ) was a dancer , actress and choreographer .
David Sanjek ( 3 September 1952 - 29 November 2011 ) was a Professor of Popular Music and Director of the University of Salford Music Research Centre in Salford , Greater Manchester , England .
Otto Christian Blandow ( 5 August 1778 , Waren -- 15 March 1810 , Waren ) was a German apothecary and botanist , specializing in the field of bryology .
Gary Wiggins ( 20 November 1952 -- 25 January 2008 ) was an Australian professional cyclist , who specialised in six - day racing .
Ivor Warne - Smith ( 29 October 1897 -- 4 March 1960 ) , was an Australian footballer , who played for the Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League and for the Latrobe Football Club in the North - Western Football Union in Tasmania .
Duncan McLaren ( 12 January 1800 -- 26 April 1886 ) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician and political writer .
Air Commodore Iswahyudi ( 15 July 1918 -- 14 December 1947 ) was an Indonesian airman and National Hero .
Heinrich Hetsch ( born 2 July 1873 in Mainz , died 3 December 1947 in Bad Homburg ) was a German physician and microbiologist .
Radoslav Hlapen ( Serbian : Радослав Хлапен ; fl . 1350 - -1383 ) was a Serbian magnate who served Serbian Emperor Stefan Dušan ( r. 1331 - 1355 ) and Stefan Uroš V ( r. 1355 - -71 ) as vojvoda ( military commander ) .
Paul Feasey ( 4 May 1933 -- January 2012 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a centre half .
Sidney Oldall Addy ( 9 January 1848 -- 15 November 1933 ) was an English author of books on folklore and history .
Rhys Gethin ( died in 1405 ) was a key figure in the revolt of Owain Glyndŵr .
Miklós Hasznos ( 27 May 1931 -- 23 June 2014 ) was a Hungarian politician , Member of Parliament ( MP ) between 1990 and 1998 .
Heinrich Klebahn ( 20 February 1859 , Bremen -- 5 October 1942 , Hamburg ) was a German mycologist and phytopathologist .
Scipio Kennedy ( c. 1694 - -1774 ) was a slave taken as a child from Guinea in West Africa .
Kid Norfolk ( 10 July 1893 -- 15 April 1968 ) was an African American boxer who fought as a light heavyweight and heavyweight from 1910 through 1926 .
Walter Prideaux ( 1806 - 1889 ) was a poet and lawyer .
Nicholas Conaty ( 1820 - -1886 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop for the Diocese of Kilmore .
Marcello Lante della Rovere ( 1561 -- 19 April 1652 ) was an Italian people Catholic Cardinal appointed Dean and Camerlengo of the College of Cardinals .
John Henry Bufford ( 1810 - 1870 ) was a lithographer in 19th - century Boston , Massachusetts .
Gour Govinda Swami ( 2 September 1929 -- 9 February 1996 ) was a Vaishnava religious leader .
Helena Rutherfurd Ely ( born Helena Rutherfurd : 28 September 1858 -- 18 May 1920 ) was an American author , amateur gardener and founding member of the Garden Club of America whose three books influenced American and British gardeners to avoid Victorian formal gardens in favor of plantings that embodied an `` informal and sensual style . ''
Alois Heldmann died on 1 November 1983 in his native Grevenbruck .
Josef Václav Myslbek ( 20 June 1848 -- 2 June 1922 ) was a Czech sculptor and medalist credited with founding the modern Czech sculpting style .
Cledwyn Hughes , Baron Cledwyn of Penrhos CH PC ( 14 September 1916 -- 22 February 2001 ) was a moderate Welsh Labour politician .
François Sterchele ( 14 March 1982 -- 8 May 2008 ) was a Belgian footballer who played for Germinal Beerschot and Club Brugge .
Pedro Otto Bumbel ( 6 July 1914 -- 2 August 1998 ) was a Brazilian professional football manager who coached a number of Spanish club sides , including Sabadell , Valencia , Racing de Santander , Elche , Sevilla , Atlético Madrid and Málaga .
Martha E. Bernal was a clinical psychologist who was born on April 13 , 1931 , in San Antonio , Texas , and she died of cancer at the age of 70 in 2001 .
Alonso de Fonseca y Acevedo ( died 1512 ) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Archbishop of Santiago de Compostela ( 1460 - 1565 and 1469 - 1507 ) , and Archbishop of Seville ( 1465 - 1469 ) .
Sallam ibn Mishkam ( died 628 ) was a Jewish warrior , rabbi and poet who lived in Medina , Arabia , in the early seventh century .
Pallathadka Keshava Bhat ( 3 January 1940 - 25 July 2010 ) ( also known as Dr. P. Keshava Bhat ) was a retired professor , prominent ethnobotanist , botanist , naturalist , proponent of herbalism , scientist and a well known personality in Venezuela .
John Bromfield , Jr. ( 11 April 1779 -- 9 December 1849 ) was a Boston merchant and benefactor of the Boston Athenæum .
Elton Hayes ( 16 February 1915 -- 23 September 2001 ) was a British actor and guitarist .
John Wheeley Gough Gutch ( 1809 - -1862 ) was a British surgeon and editor .
Gunnar Gunnarson ( 1918 -- 2002 ) was a Swedish socialist , marxist historian , writer and publicist .
Sir Leonard Chamberlain or Chamberlayne ( died 1561 ) was an English soldier and politician , the Governor of Guernsey from 1553 .
Nihâl Chand ( 1710 - -1782 ) was an Indian artist who produced some of the best known examples of Rajput painting .
François Peccatte ( born Mirecourt , 10 March 1821 ; died Paris , 30 October 1855 ) was a very talented archetier .
The Blessed Margareta Ebner , O.P. , ( 1291 -- 20 June 1351 ) was a German nun who is considered part of the tradition of German mysticism and a visionary .
Armen Dorian ( Armenian : Արմէն Տօրեան ; 28 January 1892 -- 1915 ) was a renowned Armenian poet , teacher , and editor who lived in the Ottoman Empire .
Beatrice Kean Seymour ( 1 September 1886 -- 31 October 1955 ) was a prolific British novelist and short story writer .
Richard Woodville , 3rd Earl Rivers ( 1453 -- 6 March 1491 ) succeeded his brother , Anthony Woodville , as the third Earl Rivers .
Dwight Shepler ( 1905 - 1974 ) was an American naval officer and painter .
Nathan Porges ( 21 December 1848 -- 27 August 1924 ) was a Bohemian German rabbi .
Ture Cailo ( died 23 October 2009 ) was a Vanuatuan politician and member of Parliament .
Fritz Koselka ( 24 July 1905 Graz in Austria Hungary - 1978 ) was an Austrian screenwriter and writer .
Heinrich Bach ( 26 September ( O.S. 16 September ) 1615 -- 20 July ( O.S. 10 July ) 1692 ) was a German organist , composer and a member of the Bach family .
Joseph Romilly ( 1791 - -1864 ) was an English academic administrator , known as a diarist .
John I , Count of Foix also known as Jean de Foix - Grailly ( 1382 -- 4 May 1436 ) was Count of Foix from 1428 until his death in 1436 .
June Morrall ( 1947 - 2010 ) was a writer and San Mateo County ( northern California ) historian .
Henry Holbeach ( c. 1477 -- 2 August 1551 ) was an English clergyman who served as the last Prior and first Dean of Worcester , a suffragan bishop , and diocesan bishop of two Church of England dioceses .
Vardan Areveltsi ( Armenian : Վարդան Արևելցի ; Vardan the Easterner , circa 1198 -- 1271 AD ) was a thirteenth - century Armenian historian , geographer , philosopher and translator .
Emil Riebeck ( 11 June 1853 -- 22 June 1885 ) was a German explorer , mineralogist , ethnologist , and naturalist .
John Bysse ( c.1602 - -1680 ) was a member of the Parliament of Ireland during the 1630s and 1640s : he was excluded from office during the Interregnum and was one of the leading Irish judges after the restoration of the monarchy .
Sixten Larsson ( 31 July 1918 -- 3 February 1995 ) was a Swedish athlete who competed mainly in the 400 m hurdles .
T. S. Murugesan Pillai ( 1870 - 1930 ) was a Telugu writer , poet and translator who is known for translating Tamil classical works into Telugu .
Torrington Blatchford ( 1871 - -1938 ) was an Australian geologist and was Government Geologist in Western Australia from 1929 until 1934 .
Augustus Dayton Clark ( died 1990 ) , a 1922 graduate of the United States Naval Academy and a United States Naval captain , was Commanding Officer of Force Mulberry A ( a Mulberry harbour ) at Omaha Beach during the Invasion of Normandy on June 6 , 1944 .
Léonin ( also Leoninus , Leonius , Leo ) ( fl . 1150s -- d. ? 1201 ) was the first known significant composer of polyphonic organum .
Margo Oliver ( 1923 -- 4 June 2010 ) was a Canadian writer on cooking .
Seán Mac Giollarnáth , Irish folklorist , 1880 - 29 January 1970 .
Shamoke ( died 222 ) was the king of the tribal people of the five valleys in Wuling during the late Eastern Han Dynasty and Three Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
John Allan Broun FRS ( 21 September 1817 -- 22 November 1879 ) was a Scottish scientist with interests in magnetism , particularly of the earth , and meteorology .
Hedvig Elisabet Strömfelt , née Wrangel ( 1687 - 8 March 1751 ) , was a Swedish courtier .
Charles Pierre Melly ( born Tuebrook , Liverpool , England ; 25 May 1829 -- 1888 ) was a philanthropist mostly known today for his drinking fountains , which he created to make drinking water available to the public .
Illa Martin ( born Sybilla Kesselburg ; 25 February 1900 -- 6 August 1988 ) was a German dendrologist , botanist , conservationist and dentist .
Vũ Giáng Hương ( Hanoi , 23 January 1930 -- 20 August 2011 ) was a Vietnamese woman painter .
David Shiffman ( Hebrew : דוד שיפמן‎ ; 14 April 1923 -- 18 October 1982 ) was an Israeli politician who served as Deputy Minister of Transport and as a member of the Knesset between 1981 and his death in 1982 .
James Gillespie Graham ( 1776 - -1855 ) was a Scottish architect , prominent in the early 19th century .
William Nicholas Willis ( 3 August 1858 -- 3 April 1922 ) was an Australian politician and newspaper proprietor .
Alexander Kolb ( 12 . May 1891 -- 4 April 1963 ) was a German Generalleutnant during World War II .
Major Davis ( 27 March 1882 -- 27 April 1959 ) was an English cricketer who played one first - class match , for Worcestershire against Oxford University in 1911 .
John Quinton Pringle ( 13 December 1864 -- 25 April 1925 ) ( Age 60 ) was a Scottish painter , influenced by Jules Bastien - Lepage and associated with the Glasgow Boys .
Martin Baum ( 15 June 1765 in Hagerstown , Maryland -- 14 December 1831 in Cincinnati , Ohio ) was an American businessman and politician .
Richard Estcourt ( 1668 - -1712 ) was an English actor , who began by playing comedy parts in Dublin .
Tadjou Salou ( 24 December 1974 -- 2 April 2007 ) was a Togolese football player who captained the national side .
Owen Oglethorpe ( died 1559 ) was an English academic and Roman Catholic Bishop of Carlisle , 1557 - -1559 .
Jean Dorey , ( 27 January 1831 of Ville - ès - Nouaux in Saint - Hélier-23 August 1872 ) , was a Norman language writer from Jersey .
Raymund Schwager ( 11 November 1935 -- 27 February 2004 ) was a Swiss Roman Catholic priest and theologian .
Charles James Patrick Mahon , known as the O'Gorman Mahon or James Patrick Mahon ( 17 March 1800 -- 15 June 1891 ) was an Irish nationalist journalist , barrister , parliamentarian and international mercenary .
Alexander Handyside Ritchie ( 15 April 1804 -- 24 April 1870 ) was a Scottish sculptor born in Musselburgh in 1804 , the son of James Ritchie , a local brickmaker and ornamental plasterer , and his wife Euphemia .
David Tebele Scheuer ( 1712 - -1782 ) was a German rabbi .
Hellmut Lange ( 19 January 1923 -- 13 January 2011 ) was an actor and journalist who became famous as action hero on TV and eventually succeeded as presenter of his popular TV show `` Kennen Sie Kino ? '' ( `` Are you a cinema connoisseur ? '' )
Vehib Pasha also known as Wehib Pasha , Vehip Pasha , Mehmed Wehib Pasha , Mehmet Vehip Pasha ( modern Turkish : Kaçı Vehip Paşa or Mehmet Vehip ( Kaçı ) , 1877 - -1940 ) , was a general in the Ottoman Army .
John Welcome ( before 1523 - -1580 ) , of the High Street , Lincoln , was an English politician .
Jack Sher ( 16 March 1913 - 23 August 1988 ) was an American director , writer and producer .
Alojzy Wir - Konas ( Maków Podhalański , 1894 -- 1940 ) was a Polish military commander and the Colonel in the Polish Army .
George Guest CBE FRCO ( February 9 , 1924 - November 20 , 2002 ) was a Welsh organist and choral conductor .
Robert Tanner Freeman ( 1846 - -1873 ) was the first African - American to graduate from the Harvard School of Dental Medicine and may have been the first African - American awarded a dental degree in the United States .
Ambrose Dyson ( 1876 -- 3 June 1913 ) , often known as Amb Dyson was an Australian illustrator and political cartoonist , born at Alfredton , near Ballarat , Victoria , Australia , the son of George Dyson , then a hawker and later a mining engineer , and his wife Jane , née Mayall .
William Marshall Inge ( 1802 - 1846 ) was an American politician that represented Tennessee 's tenth district in the United States House of Representatives .
Solomon Hardy ( 18 May 1863 -- 5 July 1931 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire in 1898 .
Arthur Cheetham ( 1864 -- 15 January 1937 ) was an English - born Welsh filmmaker , who became the first of his profession to be based in Wales .
Giulio Cybo ( or Cibo ) ( died 18 May 1548 ) was an Italian noble from Genoa .
Jean - Claude Bajeux ( 17 September 1931 -- 5 August 2011 ) was a Haitian political activist and professor of Caribbean literature .
Brigid Lyons Thornton ( 1896 -- 15 November 1987 ) was a member of Cumann na mBan , an officer in the Irish Free State Army and a physician .
Zhang Guoliang ( traditional Chinese : 張國樑 ; simplified Chinese : 张国梁 ; pinyin : Zhāng Guóliáng ; 1810 - April 1860 ) , born in Guangdong , was a Field Marshal for the Qing dynasty .
Andrzej Ciołkosz ( 1929 - -1952 ) , nom de plume Joseph Marek , was a young Polish language writer , literary critic and translator .
Andrew Bisset ( 20 January 1953 -- 14 April 2005 ) was an Australian author , music educator and singer , based in Canberra .
Bantwal Vaikunta Baliga ( 1895 - -1968 ) was a lawyer who played an active role in Indian governance and politics .
Leo Kelly died on 22 August 2007 after a long illness .
Edgar Dunbar ( 12 April 1902 -- 5 July 1985 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Frederick William Haddon ( 8 February 1839 -- 7 March 1906 ) , was an Australian journalist and newspaper editor .
John Strettell of London , England , was one of the most important merchants providing trade goods to the Canadian fur trade in the period between the Conquest of Canada and his death in 1786 .
Jean Simeon Rousseau de la Rottière ( 1747 - -1820 ) was a French decorative painter .
Clyde Troutt ( August 23 , 1901 - October , 1979 ) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses .
R. Gundu Rao ( 8 April 1937 - -22 August 1993 ) was the Chief Minister of Karnataka state from 1980 to 1983 .
Barry Fitzgerald ( 10 March 1888 -- 14 January 1961 ) was an Irish stage , film and television actor .
Mireya Véliz ( 1915 - 5 September 2013 ) was a Chilean actress with a career of more than 50 years , retiring at the age of 96 .
Samuel Moss ( 13 Dec. 1858 -- 14 May 1918 ) , was a Welsh Liberal politician and Judge .
Gongsun Zan ( died 199 ) , courtesy name Bogui , was a warlord who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Anne Macaulay ( 11 March 1924 -- 1998 ) was a British musicologist , author and lecturer .
William Neville , 1st Earl of Kent KG ( c. 1405 -- 9 January 1463 ) and jure uxoris 6th Baron Fauconberg , was an English nobleman and soldier .
Laura de Noves ( 1310 - -1348 ) was the wife of Count Hugues de Sade ( ancestor of Marquis de Sade ) .
Clive Exton ( 11 April 1930 -- 16 August 2007 ) was a British television and film screenwriter , sometime playwright , and former actor .
Stephen Bamford ( December 1770 -- 14 August 1848 ) was a minister and Canadian soldier .
Rodolfo Pio da Carpi ( 22 February 1500 -- 2 May 1564 ) was an Italian Cardinal , humanist and patron of the arts .
Roger Sablonier ( 16 April 1943 -- 8 June 2010 ) was a Swiss historian and writer of non - fiction publications , and Emeritus ( Prof . Dr. ) of the faculty of the University of Zürich .
Maria Quisling , born Maria Vasilyevna Pasek / Pasetchnikova , ( 10 October 1900 -- 17 January 1980 ) , was known as the wife of Vidkun Quisling , though historians have doubts about whether the couple were legally married .
Frank John Powell ( 15 March 1891 -- 31 October 1971 ) , was a British Liberal Party politician and magistrate .
Charles Henry McKiernan ( 1825 - -1892 ) , known popularly as `` Mountain Charley , '' was one of the first European settlers in the Santa Cruz Mountains region of California .
Martin Charles Reddington ( 15 November 1919 -- 1 March 2015 ) , better known as Tony Reddin , was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Galway and Tipperary senior teams .
Ludwik Skumin Tyszkiewicz ( born 1748 in Wilno -- 26 June 1808 ) was a Polish--
Peter Deriabin ( 1921 - 1992 ) ( Петр Дерябин ) was a Russian Communist Party member , World War II veteran , SMERSH agent , and KGB agent who later defected to the United States .
William Maccall ( 1812 - -1888 ) was a Scottish author and Unitarian minister .
Henry Herbert , 4th Baron Herbert of Chirbury ( died 1691 ) was an English aristocrat , soldier and politician .
Charles Bucke ( 16 April 1781 -- 31 July 1846 ) was an English writer who , despite being poor most of his life , still managed to produce roughly eleven different works , each varying in number of volumes and topics .
Mehrdad Avesta ( Persian : مهرداد اوستا‎ ; 8 August 1930 -- 6 May 1991 ) was an Iranian contemporary poet .
Marsinah ( 10 April 1969 -- 8 May 1993 ) was a worker activist at an Indonesian company , PT Catur Putra Surya in Porong , Sidoarjo , East Java province , whose rape and murder drew international attention to the practices of the Suharto dictatorship and the suppression of workers .
Ambrogio Preda ( Milan , December 25 , 1839 - Davesco Soragno , Lugano , June 5 , 1906 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of landscapes of the alpine mountains and valleys .
Lu Rong ( Chinese : 陆容 ; pinyin : Lù Róng ; 1436 - -1494 ) was a Chinese scholar .
Sylvia Hahn ( 2 May 1911 -- 2 January 2001 ) was a Canadian artist and head of the art department at the Royal Ontario Museum .
Abby Whiteside ( 1881 - -1956 ) was an influential American piano teacher .
Dr Charles Alexander MacMunn ( 11 April 1852 - 18 February 1911 ) was the first to describe the respiratory pigment in blood , known today as Cytochrome1 .
Joseph Irving ( 1830 - -1891 ) was a Scottish journalist , historian and annalist .
Melattur Venkatarama Sastry ( 1770 - 1830 ) was a Telugu poet and playwright who is credited with founding the Bhagavatha Melas .
Jenő Kalmár ( 21 March 1908 - 13 January 1990 ) , also referred to as János Kalmar or Kálmár Jenő , is a former Hungarian footballer and coach .
Iris du Pré ( 6 June 1914 -- 27 September 1985 ) was an English pianist , composer , conductor and educator .
David Marshall Lang ( 6 May 1924 -- 20 March 1991 ) , was a Professor of Caucasian Studies , School of Oriental and African Studies , University of London .
Saint Alexander of Comana ( died c. 251 ) , known as `` the charcoal burner '' , was Bishop of Comana in Pontus .
Biman Mukhopadhyay ( September 1930 -- 16 March 2011 ) was a famous Bengali singer and trainer .
Kevin Danaher ( Irish , Caoimhín Ó Danachair ) ( 30 January 1913 -- 14 March 2002 ) was a prominent Irish folklorist with a special interest in ethnography and military history .
Samuel Bellin ( 13 May 1799 - 29 April 1893 ) was an English printmaker and engraver .
William Timothy Cape ( 25 October 1806 -- 4 June 1863 ) was an early school master in Sydney , Australia ; several of the Premiers of New South Wales attended his school .
Francis Meres ( 1565/6 -- 29 January 1647 ) was an English churchman and author .
Donald Powell Distinguished Service Order ( 1896 - -1942 ) was an officer in the British Indian Army during World War I and World War II
Eugène Boullet ( 1 July 1847 , in Acheux -- 1923 ) full name Eugène Anatole Auguste Victor Boullet was a French naturalist , entomologist and collector .
Solène Coulot ( 21 March 1989 -- 20 February 2010 ) was a French curler .
Shi Kefa ( 4 February 1601 -- 20 May 1645 ) , courtesy names Xianzhi and Daolin , was a government official and calligrapher who lived in the late Ming dynasty .
Azmi Nassar ( Arabic : عزمي نصار‎ , Hebrew : עזמי נסאר‎ ; 3 October 1957 -- 26 March 2007 ) was an Arab - Israeli football manager and served as manager of the Palestinian national football team .
Myrtle Devenish ( 1913 -- 21 January 2007 ) was a film actor .
General Charles Cadogan , 2nd Baron Cadogan ( 1685 -- 24 September 1776 ) was a British peer , soldier and Whig politician .
Boccaccio Boccaccino ( c. 1467 -- c. 1525 ) was a painter of the early Italian Renaissance , belonging to the Emilian school .
Lupau Ratna Tuladhar ( Devanagari : लुपौ रत्न तुलाधर ) ( 22 June 1918 -- 2 June 1993 ) was a Nepalese trader and transport pioneer .
Anjali Devi ( pronunciation ; 24 August 1927 -- 13 January 2014 ) was an Indian actress , former model and producer in Telugu and Tamil .
Charles Barter ( died 1859 ) was a British gardener and botanist who trained at Kew Gardens in London from 1849 to 1851 .
William W. Lockwood ( William Wirt or Bill ) ( 1906 - 1978 ) was a noted academic who was Research Secretary ( 1935 - 1940 ) and Executive Secretary ( 1941 - 1943 ) at the Institute of Pacific Relations .
Alexandro Alves do Nascimento ( 30 December 1974 -- 14 November 2012 ) was a Brazilian footballer who has played for Kavala in Greece .
Sir ( John ) Henry Morris - Jones MC , DL ( 2 November 1884 -- 9 July 1972 ) was a Welsh doctor , soldier and Liberal , later Liberal National politician .
Joseph Barney ( Wolverhampton 1753 -- 13 April 1832 London ) , was an English artist and engraver .
William of St Paul , also William de Paul ( died 1349 ) was an English Carmelite , bishop of Meath in Ireland from 1327 .
Henry Clifford , 10th Baron de Clifford , also 10th feudal baron of Skipton ( ca . 1454 -- 23 April 1523 ) was a member of the Clifford family which was seared at Skipton Castle from 1310 to 1676 .
Lieutenant - General Henry Wilmot , 1st Earl of Rochester ( 26 October 1612 -- 19 February 1658 ) , known as The Lord Wilmot between 1643 and 1644 and as The Viscount Wilmot between 1644 and 1652 , was an English Cavalier who fought for the Royalist cause during the Wars of the Three Kingdoms .
Saridey Varalakshmi ( 13 August 1925 -- 22 September 2009 ) , popularly known as S. Varalakshmi , was a veteran Telugu and Tamil actress and singer .
Loreta Janeta Velázquez is said to have died in 1897 , but historian Richard Hall asserts that the place and date of her death are unknown .
Andrew of Carniola ( 1399 -- November 13 , 1484 ) was a Roman Catholic archbishop from Carniola , in present - day Slovenia .
Jan Kalenec ( 1490 - -1546 ) was a Prague cutler who took up the leadership of the Amosites , a radical branch of the Czech Brethren after the death of their elderly figurehead Amos .
Mushail Mushailov ( Russian : Мушаилов Мушаил Ханухович ; Hebrew : ; מושאיל מושאילוב‎ born July 10 , 1941 -- January 4 , 2007 ) was a Soviet /Russian artist and teacher of Mountain Jewish descent . He was a member of the USSR Union of Artists and Israel .
Norah Isaac ( 1915 -- 3 August 2003 ) was a Welsh author , drama producer and campaigner for Welsh - language education .
Gaston Hamelin ( 27 May 1884 -- 8 September 1951 ) was a French clarinetist and teacher .
Major - General Harold Percy Waller Barrow , CB CMG DSO OBE ( 30 June 1876 -- 20 December 1957 ) was Colonel Commandant , Royal Army Medical Corps ( 1941 - -46 ) and an Honorary Surgeon to King George V.
Emil Grallert ( 1848 - 1923 ) was German Consul in Zanzibar from 1877 to 1884 .
Jack Tripp MBE ( 4 February 1922 -- 10 July 2005 ) was an English comic actor , singer and dancer who appeared in seaside variety shows and revues and became best known for his many performances as a pantomime dame .
Harry Pelling Gill ( 9 March 1855 -- 25 May 1916 ) was an English - born Australian art curator , teacher and painter .
Dr. Ho Sai - chuen ( circa 1891 -- 29 April 1938 ) was a Hong Kong doctor from the influential Hotung family and member of the Sanitary Board .
Zhang Jingda ( 張敬達 ) ( d. December 25 , 936 ) , courtesy name Zhitong ( 志通 ) , nickname Shengtie ( 生鐵 , `` raw iron '' ) , was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms Period state Later Tang .
Walter Klimmek ( 14 March 1919 -- 13 May 2010 ) was a German football defender , coal miner and firefighter .
Felice Lattuada ( Italian pronunciation : ( feˈliːtʃe lattuˈaːda ; latˈtwaːda ) ; 5 February 1882 - 2 November 1962 ) was an Italian composer .
Edwin Randolph Oakes ( March 25 , 1818 in Pleasant Valley , Nova Scotia -- 1889 ) was a Canadian and Nova Scotian politician and merchant .
K. T. Achaya ( Oct 6 , 1923 -Sep 5 , 2002 ) was an eminent oil chemist , food scientist , nutritionist and food historian .
Robert Wilson Hamilton ( 1819 - 9 August 1904 ) was an American - born lawyer and judge who was the inaugural Attorney General of Fiji .
William G. Distin ( 1884 - -1970 ) , an architect of Saranac Lake , New York , was an early associate of Great Camp designer William L. Coulter who went on to design a number of Adirondack Great Camps .
Abiezer Coppe ( 1619 -- 1672 ) was one of the English Ranters and a writer of prophetic religious pamphlets .
Munatia Plancina ( died 33 AD ) was a Roman noblewoman who lived in the early times of the Empire founded by Augustus .
Samuel Sanders Teulon ( 2 March 1812 -- 2 May 1873 ) was a 19th - century English Gothic Revival architect , noted for his use of polychrome brickwork , and the complex planning of his buildings .
Brian Bromley ( 20 March 1946 -- 9 March 2012 ) was an English footballer who played for Bolton Wanderers , Portsmouth , Brighton and Hove Albion , Reading and Darlington in the Football League and Wigan Athletic in the Northern Premier League .
Sherlock Yarde ( unknown -- 21 June 2012 ) was a football administrator and former manager of the Barbados national football team .
Tadeusz Breyer ( 15 October 1874 in Mielec -- 15 May 1952 in Warsaw ) - Polish sculptor and medallic artist .
Thomas Yale ( 1525/6 - -1577 ) was an English civil lawyer .
Jekuthiel Ginsburg ( 1889 - -1957 ) was professor of mathematics at Yeshiva University .
Tsipön Lungshar born Dorje Tsegyal ( 1880 - -1938 ) was a noted Tibetan politician who was accused by conservative political opponents of attempting to become the paramount figure of the Tibetan government in the 1930s , by planning a communist coup following the death of the 13th Dalai Lama .
Edmund Concanon , Irish solicitor and town commissioner , 1816 - -1902 .
Philip Cogan ( 1750 -- 3 February 1833 ) was an Irish composer , pianist , and conductor -- the most important Irish piano composer before Field .
Arthur Catterall ( 25 May 1883 -- 28 November 1943 ) was an English concert violinist , orchestral leader and conductor , one of the best - known English classical violinists of the first half of the twentieth century .
John Poulett , 1st Earl Poulett KG ( c.1668 -- 28 May 1743 ) was an English peer .
Jacob Worm Skjelderup ( 3 December 1804 -- 2 September 1863 ) was Norwegian state secretary from 1859 to 1863 , appointed Minister of the Navy in 1860 , and temporary councillor of state 1861 .
Agathangjel Mbrica ( 1883 - 1957 ) was an Albanian artist and goldsmith .
Anarawd ap Gruffydd ( died 1143 ) was a Prince of Deheubarth in Southwest Wales .
Adolfo Ibáñez Boggiano ( 1880 - -1949 ) was a Chilean businessman and former Minister of Foment .
Pedro Correia da Cunha ( 1440 -- Lisbon , 1497 ) , was a Portuguese nobleman who was the Second Donatary - Captain of Porto Santo , and the 1st Donatary - Captain of the island of Graciosa , in the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores .
Seonjong of Goryeo ( 9 October 1049 -- 17 June 1094 ) ( r. 1083 - -1094 ) was the 13th king of Goryeo .
Shiina Yasutane ( 椎名 康胤 died March , 1576 ) was a Japanese daimyo of the Sengoku period , who was lord of the Shiina clan of Etchu Province .
David Caminer , OBE ( 26 June 1915 -- 19 June 2008 ) has been called the World 's First Corporate Electronic Systems Analyst & The World 's First Software Engineer .
David Lichine ( Russian : Дэвид ( Давид ) Лишин ; 25 October 1910 -- 26 June 1972 ) was a Russian - American ballet dancer and choreographer .
Galal Keraitam ( Arabic : جلال قريطم‎ ) ( January 1913 - -30 October 1961 ) , was an Egyptian former footballer who played as a Defender for Zamalek .
Johan Fredrik Feyer ( 16 July 1821 -- 26 June 1880 ) was a Norwegian industrial pioneer and factory owner .
Huo Yanwei ( 霍彥威 ) ( 872 - 928 ) , known as Li Shaozhen ( 李紹真 ) from 924 to 926 , courtesy name Zizhong ( 子重 ) , formally Duke Zhongwu of Jin ( 晉忠武公 ) , was a general of the Chinese Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period states Later Liang and Later Tang .
Guo Yingqiu ( Chinese : 郭影秋 ; 1909 - -1985 ) was a Chinese politician and educator .
Harold Avery ( 1867 - -1943 ) was an English author of children 's literature .
Sir Coplestone Bampfylde , 2nd Baronet ( ca . 1633 -- 9 February 1692 ) of Poltimore and North Molton and Warleigh , Tamerton Foliot , in Devon , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1659 and 1689 .
Georgios Streit ( Greek : Γεώργιος Στρέιτ ; 1868 - -1948 ) was a Greek lawyer and professor .
John Alen ( 1476 - -1534 ) was an English canon lawyer , Archbishop of Dublin , and Lord Chancellor of Ireland , who was murdered during the Rebellion of `` Silken Thomas '' Fitzgerald .
Geoffrey Plumpton Wilson ( 21 February 1878 -- 30 July 1934 ) was an English amateur footballer who played at inside left .
Frederick Taylor Gates ( 1853 - -1929 ) was an American Baptist clergyman , educator , and the principal business and philanthropic advisor to the major oil industrialist and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller , Sr . , from 1891 to 1923 .
Sir James Montgomery , 1st Baronet Stanhope FRSE ( 1721 -- 2 April 1803 ) was a Scottish advocate , judge , politician , agriculturalist and landowner .
Arthur West Haddan ( 1816 - -1873 ) was an English churchman and academic , of High Church Anglican views , now remembered as an ecclesiastical historian , particularly for Councils and Ecclesiastical Documents relating to Great Britain and Ireland , written with William Stubbs .
Hong Jong - u ( 홍종우 , 洪鍾宇 , 1850 ~ 1913 ) was a Korean , assassin , reformer , activist and statesman during the Korean Empire .
Hilde Zimmermann , born Hilde Wundsam , ( 12 September 1920 -- 25 March 2002 ) was an Austrian resistance fighter against nazism and survivor of the KZ Ravensbrück ( also known as the deathmarch ) .
William Barons ( also Barnes ; died 1505 ) was the Bishop of London from 1504 to 1505 .
Asad Ali Khan ( Hindi : असद अली खान ) ( 1937 -- 14 June 2011 ) was an Indian musician who played the plucked string instrument rudra veena .
John W. Coughlin ( June 9 , 1861-December 1920 ) was an American physician and politician who served as Mayor of Fall River , Massachusetts .
Al - Mundhir IV ibn al - Mundhir ( Arabic : المنذر بن المنذر‎ ) was the king of the Lakhmid Arabs in 574 - -580 .
Philip I , Count of Waldeck ( 1445 - -1475 ) was briefly Count of Waldeck - Waldeck in Germany in 1475 .
Lord Francis Hervey JP ( 16 October 1846 -- 10 January 1931 ) was a British barrister and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1874 and 1892 .
Baron Béla Tallián de Vizek ( 1851 -- 23 November 1921 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture between 1903 and 1905 .
Florence Sarah Lees ( 31 March 1840 -- 19 October 1922 ) was one of the English pioneers of district nursing .
John Eddowes Bowman the Younger ( 1819 - -1854 ) was an English chemist .
Calle Lindström ( 1868 - 1955 ) was a Swedish singer and comedian from Östergötland .
Sir Harold Baxter Kittermaster KCMG , KBE ( 14 May 1879 -- 20 March 1939 ) was governor of British Somaliland ( now Somalia ) , British Honduras ( now Belize ) , and then of the Nyasaland protectorate ( now Malawi ) in the period before the Second World War .
Władysław Franciszek Jabłonowski ( 25 October 1769 -- 29 September 1802 ) was a Black Polish and French general .
Joseph Carew ( c1820 - 1870 ) was a sculptor in Boston , Massachusetts , active between 1840 - -1870 , and collaborated with Thomas A. Carew as the firm Carew & Brother .
Kang Shi'en ( Chinese : 康世恩 ; 20 April 1915 -- 21 April 1995 ) was a Chinese Communist revolutionary who participated in the December 9th Movement and a politician who served as China 's Vice Premier and Minister of Petroleum .
Walter J. Carr ( 1896 -- 1970 ) was an American pilot and aircraft promoter .
Jerome de Angelis ( 1567 -- 4 December 1623 ) was an Italian Jesuit missionary to Japan .
Sir Miles Partridge ( died 26 February 1552 ) was an English courtier during the reigns of Henry VIII and Edward VI .
John Herbert Long FRCO ( 1 July 1908 - 1985 ) was an English music teacher and organist .
Waller Rodwell Wright ( died 1826 ) , author of `` Horæ Ionicæ , '' was British consul - general for the republic of the Seven Islands ( Ionian Islands ) from 1800 to 1804 .
Willoughby Williams , Jr. ( 1798 - 1882 ) was an American banker and sheriff from Tennessee .
Dr. Fred E. Luborsky ( 1923 - -2010 ) was an American physical chemist noted for his contributions to the field of permanent magnetism and amorphous metals .
Schlombs was initiated Erzdiözesanbaumeister the Diocesan Building Authority until his retirement in 1985th Prof . Dr. Wilhelm Schlombs died on 25 August 1993 .
Marten Schagen ( 24 October 1700 , Alkmaar -- 20 October 1770 , Utrecht ) was a Dutch Mennonite bookseller , translator , journal editor and historian .
Fay Godwin ( 17 February 1931 -- 27 May 2005 ) was a British photographer known for her black - and - white landscapes of the British countryside and coast .
Wilson Follett ( 1887 - -1963 ) was an American writer who is known now almost exclusively for his book Follett 's Modern American Usage , which was unfinished at his death and was therefore completed and edited by his friend Jacques Barzun ( in collaboration with six other people who helped with the editing ) and published posthumously .
Robert Eyres Landor ( 10 May 1781 -- 26 January 1869 ) was an English writer , dramatist , poet , and Anglican clergyman .
Henry Sulley ( 1845 - -1940 ) was an English architect and writer on the temples of Jerusalem .
Paul Auloge - Duvivier known as Paul Duvivier ( 19 July 1869 - 1956 ) , was a French journalist at Lyon .
John Chalmers Morton ( 1821 - -1888 ) was a Scottish agriculturist and writer .
Wang Xiaotong ( 王孝通 ) ( AD 580 - -640 ) , also known as Wang Hs'iao - t'ung , was a Chinese mathematician and calendarist .
Leon Carnovsky ( November 28 , 1903 - -December 6 , 1975 ) was a librarian and educator who focused much of his time to the survey of libraries in the United States and around the globe .
Earl Armstrong ( 1900 - 1986 ) was an Ontario farmer and politician .
Radič Božić ( Serbian : Радич Божић ; fl . 1502 - September 1528 ) was the Despot of Serbia in 1527 until his death in September 1528 .
Ernst Otto Stalinski ( 1944 -- 2005 ) was a German humanist and entrepreneur .
Lale Oraloğlu ( 15 August 1924 -- 15 January 2007 ) was a Turkish actress and screenwriter .
Percy Edward Pinkerton ( 19 June 1855 -- 31 August 1946 ) was an English translator and poet .
Johann Gottfried Rosenberg ( late 1709 - 4 June 1776 ) was a German - Danish architect working in the Rococo style .
Dimitrie Ghica or Ghika ( 31 May 1816 - - 15 February 1897 ) was a Romanian politician .
Daniel Bremer Juell ( 1 January 1808 -- 26 May 1855 ) was a Norwegian clergyman and politician .
Sirpa Lane , born Sirpa Salo ( 1952 - -1999 ) was a Finnish actress known for her work in B - movies of the 1970s , primarily erotic and exploitation films .
Virginie Bovie ( 1821 - -1888 ) , full name Joséphine - Louise - Virginie Bovie , was a Belgian painter and arts patron .
Romany Bain ( 22 March 1924 -- 29 March 2015 ) was a British journalist and showbusiness interviewer .
Frederic Adolph Hoefer ( 14 April 1850 -- 7 October 1938 ) was a Dutch lieutenant - general , militaria collector and archivist .
Hector Abhayavardhana ( 5 January 1919 -- 22 September 2012 ) was a Sri Lankan Trotskyist theoretician , a long - standing member of the Lanka Sama Samaja Party ( LSSP ) and a founder - member of the Bolshevik - Leninist Party of India , Ceylon and Burma .
Procopio Cutò , or Francesco Procopio Cutò or Francesco Procopio dei Coltelli ( 9 February 1651 - 10 February 1727 ) was an Italian chef from Sicily .
George Colville ( 1876 - -1928 ) was a Scottish professional footballer .
Sir Isaac Lowthian Bell , 1st Baronet , FRS ( 18 February 1816 -- 20 December 1904 ) was a Victorian ironmaster and Liberal Party politician from Washington , County Durham , in the north of England .
Alexander Mantashev ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Մանթաշյան , Aleksandr Mantashian ; Russian : Александр Иванович Манташев , Aleksandr Ivanovich Mantashev ; 3 March 1842 -- 19 April 1911 and was buried on 30 April in the Armenian Pantheon of Tbilisi ) was a prominent Armenian oil magnate , industrialist , financier , and a philanthropist .
Gopalaswamy Mahendraraja ( 1956 -- 28 December 1994 ) , also known as Mahattaya was a member of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam who was killed for leaking secrets to India 's RAW .
Tom Waye ( 28 December 1909 -- 10 February 1992 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Port Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Vincent Yorke ( 21 May 1869 -- 27 November 1957 ) was an English cricketer who played for Gloucestershire .
Senator Shehu Usman Albishir ( 15 June 1945 -- 2 July 2012 ) was a Nigerian member of the business family of Alhaji Albishir Abdullahi and Late Hajiya Fatima Albishir .
Bootsmannsmaat Anton Schmitt ( died 31 May 1916 ) was a German sailor killed during World War I. He was a gunner aboard the light cruiser SMS Frauenlob during the Battle of Jutland and stuck by his gun despite grave injury and died when his ship was sunk .
Mahmud Shaterian ( 1944 - -2006 ) was a famous Iranian Azerbaijani composer , musician and Tar master .
Rosemarie Castoro ( born in Brooklyn , New York , United States ; 1939 -- 2015 ) was an American artist associated with the New York Minimalists .
Fu Honglie ( Chinese : 傅弘烈 ; Wade -- Giles : Fu Hung - lieh ) ( died AD 1680 ) was a native of Jiangxi , who gave his allegiance to the Manchus in 1657 and was employed as a Prefect .
Vinnie Roslin ( 1947 - 2012 ) was an American bassist who was an original member of Steel Mill , an early Bruce Springsteen band .
Bill Churchyard ( 2 February 1878 -- 31 August 1957 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ralph Van Deman Magoffin ( 1874 - -1942 ) was an American Classical scholar and archaeologist .
Ellen Lucy or Nelly O'Brien ( 4 June 1864 -- 1 April 1925 ) was an Irish miniaturist , landscape artist , and Gaelic League activist .
Iraj Soleimani ( 15 December 1946 -- 23 February 2009 ) was an Iranian professional footballer .
Bryant Haliday ( 7 April 1928 -- 28 July 1996 ) was an American actor , as well as producer , of film and stage , who was instrumental in providing a showcase for international film titles in the United States by co - founding Janus Films with his partner Cyrus Harvey , Jr.
Agnes Fleischer ( 6 February 1865 -- 15 September 1909 ) was a Norwegian pioneering teacher for disabled persons .
Migettuwatte Gunananda Thera or Mohottiwatte Gunananda Thera ( Sinhala : පූජ්‍ය මිගෙට්ටුවත්තේ ගුණානන්ද හිමි ) ( February 9 , 1823 , Balapitiya -- 21 September 1890 , Colombo ) was a Sri Lankan Buddhist orator .
Johann Georg Mozart ( 4 May 1679 -- 19 February 1736 ) was a bookbinder who lived in Augsburg , Germany , in the 17th and 18th centuries .
John Michael ' Rab ' Rabinovich , later known as J. M. Robson ( 1900 - -1982 ) was a geneticist and physicist who co - founded the science of mutagenesis by mutations in fruit flies exposed to mustard gas , and who first observed neutron beta decay .
Garth Webb ( 1918 -- 8 May 2012 ) was a Canadian soldier who founded the Juno Beach Centre .
Frederik Christian Kielsen ( 7 February 1774 Copenhagen - 18 January 1850 Frederiksberg ) was a Danish schoolmaster noted for editing and publishing a series of copiously illustrated books on natural history - Icones amphibiorum , Icones avium , Icones piscium , Icones vermium , Icones mammalium , Icones insectorum .
Bert Casey ( died 1903 ) was one of the most violent of the outlaws to operate out of Oklahoma Territory .
Maryse Holder ( October 19 , 1940 -- September 1977 ) was an American memoirist and feminist writer , who was the author of Give Sorrow Words .
Anna Rajecka ( 1762 - -1832 ) , was a Polish painter and drawing artist .
Jim Burchill ( 25 October 1897 -- 18 December 1940 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Richmond in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
William Roseland ( April 18 , 1892 -- 1946 ) was an American - born farmer and political figure in Saskatchewan .
Smith Wigglesworth ( 8 June 1859 -- 12 March 1947 ) , was a British evangelist and faith healer who was important in the early history of Pentecostalism .
William Dexter ( 1818 - -1860 ) was an English - Australian painter .
Jimmy Seddon ( born 20 May 1895 in Bolton , died October 1971 ) , was a footballer who played most famously in the centre of defence for Bolton Wanderers during the 1920s .
Edward Montagu , 2nd Earl of Sandwich ( 3 January 1647/48 -- 29 November 1688 ) was born in Hinchinbrooke , Huntingdonshire , England to Edward Montagu , 1st Earl of Sandwich and Jemima Crew .
Margaret Nicholl Laird ( 31 July 1897 -- June 1983 ) was an American missionary of the Baptist Mid - Missions who worked in the French colony of Ubangi - Shari and independent Central African Republic ( CAR ) from 1922 until the 1960s .
Manouk Avedissian ( 1841 - 1925 ) , more commonly known as Bechara Effendi ( or Bechara Effendi al - Muhandis , Bechara Afandi , also Bechara Effendi el - Dob `` the bear '' ) was an Ottoman administrator and the chief engineer of the Vilayet of Syria and later of the Vilayet of Beirut .
Freda Meissner - Blau ( 11 March 1927 -- 22 December 2015 ) was an Austrian politician , activist , and prominent figurehead in the Austrian environmental movement .
Raúl Orlandini ( 1952 - -2006 ) was a Peruvian racecar driver .
Bruce K. Reid ( 17 March 1950 -- 15 June 1970 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Tommy Downs ( 22 May 1901 - 11 August 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Aim Lennie ( 6 April 1889 -- 26 March 1961 ) was Regius Professor of Midwifery at the University of Glasgow from 1946 to 1955 .
Arthur Argo ( 1935 - -1981 ) was a Scottish traditional folk musician , promoter and collector and the great grandson of Gavin Greig .
E. Grey Lewis ( died 2005 ) was a United States lawyer who served as General Counsel of the Navy from 1973 to 1977 .
Carl Pontus Gahn ( 1759 - -1825 ) was a Swedish military officer who participated in the Russo - Swedish War in Finland in 1788 - 1789 , the Finnish War campaign in Norway in 1808 and the unsuccessful invasion of Norway at Eidskog in 1814 where he was imprisoned .
Peter of Zittau ( Czech : Petr Žitavský ; c. 1275 - -1339 ) was a Bohemian churchman and historian .
George Douglas of Pittendreich ( died 1552 ) was a member of the powerful Red Douglas family who struggled for control of the young James V of Scotland in 1528 .
Magdalena of Saxony ( 7 March 1507 -- 25 January 1534 ) was Margravine of Brandenburg , its `` Electoral Princess '' , the Electoral equivalent of a crown princess .
Enrico Tarenghi ( April 14 , 1848 -- 1938 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of genre and orientalist paintings .
Nazario Chávez Aliaga ( 1891 - -1978 ) was a Peruvian journalist , politician and poet .
Lieutenant - General Sir Thomas McMahon , 2nd Baronet ( 1779 - -1860 ) was a British Army officer .
Te Pēhi Kupe ( c1795 - 1828 ) was a Māori rangatira and war leader of Ngāti Toa and the uncle of Te Rauparaha .
Doctor Joseph Ritchie ( c. 1788 -- 20 November 1819 ) was an English surgeon , explorer and naturalist .
Leif Johansen ( 11 May 1930 -- 29 December 1982 ) was a Norwegian economist who made a substantial contribution to economic science .
Sir Thomas Dingley ( executed 9 or 10 July 1539 ) was an English prior of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem .
Ephraim C. Dawes ( 1840 - 1895 ) was an American Civil War soldier , military historian , and businessman .
Philipp Emanuel von Fellenberg ( 27 June 1771 -- 21 November 1844 ) was a Swiss educationalist and agronomist .
Thomas Quiddington ( christened 21 January 1743 , Coulsdon , Surrey -- buried 6 December 1804 , Coulsdon ) was a noted English cricketer of the mid-18th century who played for Surrey .
Emily Grace Barnsley ( 3 October 1896 -- 6 March 1975 ) , known as Grace Barnsley or by her married name , Grace Davies , was an English pottery decorator .
Blagoje Vidinić ( Macedonian : Благоја Видиниќ ; 11 June 1934 -- 29 December 2006 ) was a Macedonian football coach , former player , and former Olympic participant of Serbian origin .
Morgan Kornmo ( 17 April 1925 -- 26 March 2010 ) was a Norwegian evangelist and politician for the Christian Democratic Party .
Simon Ockley ( 1678 -- 9 August 1720 ) was a British Orientalist .
Elgin English Crull ( July 17 , 1908 - -1976 ) was the city manager of Dallas , Texas from 1952 to 1966 .
Grzegorz of Stawiszyn ( Polish : Grzegorz ze Stawiszyna ; 1481 - -1540 ) , was a Polish philosopher and theologian of the mid 16th century , Rector of the University of Krakow in the years 1538 - 1540 .
Raman Raghav ( 1929 -- 1995 ) , also known as Psycho Raman was a psychopathic serial killer who operated in the city of Mumbai , India in the mid-1960s .
Sir Richard Allibond or Allibone ( 1636 - -1688 ) was an English judge and justice of the King 's Bench .
Sidney William Jackson ( 12 June 1873 -- 30 September 1946 ) was an Australian naturalist and field ornithologist with a special interest in oology , who was also a skilled photographer and taxidermist .
Michael Dormer died at home in Ocean Beach , San Diego , California on 10 September 2012 .
Simon Waley Waley ( 23 August 1827 , Stockwell , London -- 30 December 1875 , Marylebone , London ) was one of the leading members of Anglo - Jewry in the 19th century .
Miriam Karlin , OBE ( 23 June 1925 -- 3 June 2011 ) was an English actress whose career lasted for more than 60 years .
Herman Darewski ( 17 April 1883 -- 2 June 1947 ) was a British composer and conductor of light music .
Carl Axel Fredrik Ivar Holmquist ( 22 February 1879 -- 24 September 1954 ) was a Swedish officer and sports official .
Joan Winston ( 19 June 1931 -- 11 September 2008 ) was an American Trekker who helped organize the first Star Trek fan convention and became a key figure in the subculture .
Ralph Weldon ( baptised 1606 -- 1676 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1654 to 1656 .
John Jumper ( 1820 - -1896 ) was Principal Chief of the Seminole Nation from 1849 to 1865 , and again from 1882 to 1885 .
Francis Joseph Huchet ( 1927 - 9 October 1959 ) was the last convicted criminal to be executed by hanging in the Channel Islands .
Edmondo Fabbri ( 16 November 1921 -- 8 July 1995 ) was an Italian football ( soccer ) player and coach ; a fast player , he mainly played as a winger .
George Weidenfeld , Baron Weidenfeld , GBE ( 13 September 1919 -- 20 January 2016 ) was a British publisher , philanthropist , and newspaper columnist .
Chang Man - yong ( January 25 , 1914 -- 1977 ) was a Korean poet and journalist associated with the modernist movement of the 1930s .
Edward Teschemacher ( 1876 - -1940 ) also known as Edward Frederick Lockton was an American lyricist , translator , arranger , librettist , and popular music composer responsible for writing and co - writing a number of well - known pieces , including `` Because''(1902 ) and co - writing `` I 'll Walk Beside You''(1939 ) .
Georg Fugger von der Lilie ( 1453 - -1506 ) was a German merchant of the Fugger dynasty .
Arthur Swift ( 1812 - -1855 ) was a 19th - century Texas merchant , surveyor , political and military figure .
Edwin F. Leonard ( July 15 , 1862 -- November 1931 ) was an American druggist and politician who served in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and as the 37th Mayor of Springfield , Massachusetts .
Nicolò Bonito ( died 1740 in Naples ) was an Italian painter , depicting mainly landscapes .
Robert Bamford ( 1883 - -1942 ) was a British engineer , who with Lionel Walker Birch Martin ( 1878 - - 21 October 1945 ) , founded a company in January 1913 that became Aston Martin .
Alexander McLeod - Lindsay , ( 24 December 1934 -- 17 September 2009 ) was a Scots - born Australian who is noted for having served nine years in jail for attempting to murder his wife , but who was later exonerated .
William Milligan ( 15 March 1821 -- 11 December 1892 ) was a renowned Scottish theologian .
Peter Henry Rolfs ( 1865 - -1944 ) was a prominent Florida agronomist in the early 20th century .
Johann Rudolf Suter ( 29 March 1766 , Zofingen -- 24 February 1827 , Bern ) was a Swiss physician , botanist and philologist .
William Maclure ( 27 October 1763 -- 23 March 1840 ) was an Americanized Scottish geologist , cartographer and philanthropist .
Edward Backwell ( ca . 1618 - -1683 ) was an English goldsmith - banker , and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1673 and 1683 .
Carlo Urbani died on 29 March 2003 at 11:45 AM , after 18 days of intensive care only .
Humphrey Edwards ( 1582 - -1658 ) was one of the regicides of King Charles I of England .
Tillie Baldwin ( 1888 - 1958 ) , born Anna Mathilda Winger , was an early cowgirl and buckaroo in the United States .
Ethel Maude Proffitt Stephenson ( née Ethel Maude Proffitt ) 1895 - 1982 was an American lawyer who practiced in Okemah and Tulsa specialising in the field of Native American civil rights .
George Robb ( 1 June 1926 -- 25 December 2011 ) was a footballer who played outside left for Tottenham Hotspur and England .
Hjálmar Jónsson ( 29 September 1796 -- 25 July 1875 ) , better known as Bólu - Hjálmar ( after his homestead in Bóla ) , was a 19th - century Icelandic farmer and poet , known for his sharp style and biting wit and for his mastery of the short Icelandic poetic narrative style known as Rímur .
Andrew Macfarlane ( died 1819 ) was an Anglican clergyman who served as a bishop in the Scottish Episcopal Church in the late 18th and early 19th - century .
Yuri Nikolayevich Jobbers ( born on 13 August 1892 - died on 3 April 1969 ) was a Russian teacher and a Catholic convert from Russian Orthodoxy .
Ryan McHenry ( 13 December 1987 -- 2 May 2015 ) was a Scottish film director best known for the film Zombie Musical in which he received a nomination for the Best Director accolade at the 2011 British Academy Scotland New Talent Awards .
Bruce Duncan Guimaraens ( 27 October 1935 -- 22 August 2002 ) was a port wine maker Born in Vila Nova de Gaia , Portugal on 27 October 1935 , Bruce Guimaraens was the great - great - grandson of Manuel Pedro Guimaraens founder of the London house of the famous Fonseca Port firm in 1822 .
Narritjin Maymuru ( died 1981 ) was a Yolngu people artist and activist noted for Bark painting .
Jonas King ( born in Hawley , Massachusetts , 29 July 1792 ; died in Athens , Greece , 22 May 1869 ) was a Congregational clergyman from the United States who worked as a missionary , mainly in Greece .
Otto Michael ( 1859 - 1934 ) was a German explorer , zoologist and entomologist .
Lucien Sabourin ( 1904 - -1987 ) was a French botanist best known for his work with the City of Paris parks department .
Giulio Roma ( 16 September 1584 -- 16 September 1652 ) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal and Bishop of Recanati and Loreto .
Vidyabati Kansakar ( Devanagari : विद्याबति कंसकार ) ( 1906 -- 31 January 1976 ) was a pioneer of nursing in Nepal .
David Alexander Mulholland ( 1938 -- 10 December 2003 ) was a Northern Irish loyalist paramilitary , known to the security forces for his alleged involvement in bombing attacks .
William Conolly ( 9 April 1662 -- 30 October 1729 ) , also known as Speaker Conolly , was an Irish politician , Commissioner of Revenue , lawyer and landowner .
Yu Xiwei 于希谓(1909 - 1980 ) was a Chinese middle - distance runner .
Bobby Ewer ( 2 July 1904 -- 11 March 1995 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Daniel Auster ( Hebrew : דניאל אוסטר‎ ‎ , 7 May 1893 -- 15 January 1963 ) was Mayor of Jerusalem in the final years of Mandatory Palestine , the first Jewish mayor of the city , and the first mayor of Jerusalem after Israeli independence .
Reserve Constable Albert Alexander ( c. 1897 -- 15 March 1941 ) was the fourth patient to be treated with injections of penicillin .
Mary Davys ( 1674?--1732 ) was a novelist and playwright .
Margaret Cecil , Countess of Ranelagh ( 1672/1673 -- 21 February 1728 ) was a British courtier .
Lu Xiangxian ( 陸象先 ) ( 665 - -736 ) , né Lu Jingchu ( 陸景初 ) , formally Duke Wenzhen of Yan ( 兗文貞公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Ruizong and Emperor Xuanzong .
Samuel Danforth ( 1626 - -1674 ) was a Puritan minister , preacher , poet , and astronomer , the second pastor of The First Church in Roxbury and an associate of the Rev. John Eliot of Roxbury , Massachusetts , known as the `` Apostle to the Indians . ''
Serafia Fredrika Schaeffer ( 1800 - 1887 ) , known as `` Sheffer 's Madam '' , was a Finnish cunning woman and herbalist .
Takla Maryam ( Ge'ez : ተክለ ማርያም takla māryām `` Plant of Mary , '' Amh . tekle māryām , throne name Hezba Nañ ህዝበ ናኝ hizba nāñ ) was Emperor ( nəgusä nägäst ) ( 1430 - -1433 ) of Ethiopia .
Nicholas of Poland , also known as Nicholas of Montpellier ( Polish : Mikołaj z Polski ) ( b. c. 1235 , Silesia ; d. Kraków , c. 1316 ) , was a medieval Polish - German friar and healer of Silesian origin .
David Richmond ( 1748 - -1818 ) was an American commissioned officer who served in the American Revolutionary War .
Arthur Asahel Shurcliff ( 1870 - -1957 ) was a noted American landscape architect .
Asbjørn Osnes ( 21 April 1932 -- 22 September 2011 ) was a Norwegian ski jumper .
Wadsworth A. Parker ( b. 1864 -- d. 1938 , Petersburg , Virginia ) was an American printer and typeface designer .
Summers Burkhart ( 26 June 1859 -- 14 May 1932 ) was an American lawyer and the United States Attorney for New Mexico from 1913 to 1921 .
Francis Graham Crookshank ( 1873 , Wimbledon -- 27 October 1933 , Wimpole Street ) was a British epidemiologist , and a medical and psychological writer .
Renato De Riva ( 7 May 1937 -- 10 May 1983 ) was an Italian speed skater who was active internationally between 1958 and 1968 .
Thomas Acton ( 1662 -- 21 March 1721 ) , real name Thomas Dupuy , was an English Jesuit .
Matthew Sullivan ( 1868 - -1948 ) was an American architect whose practice specialized in ecclesiastical design .
Festus Walters ( 1849 - -1922 ) was an Ohio jurist and advocate for Gubernatorial judicial independence known for the controversial decision to try an Ohio National Guard commander for murder following the Washington County Courthouse riots of 1895 .
George Maltby ( 1 October 1876 -- 30 July 1924 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Derbyshire in 1905 .
Daif Abdul - kareem Al - Ghazal ( 1976 - -2005 ) was a prominent Libyan journalist and writer who was murdered in Libya in May 2005 .
Jean - Pol Vigneron ( 5 March 1950 - 24 June 2013 ) was a Belgian physics professor .
Theodor Spieker ( 8 August 1823 -- 9 April 1913 ) was a German mathematician , a teacher at a gymnasium in Potsdam .
Ruben Rausing ( 17 June 1895 -- 8 October 1983 ) was the founder of the liquid food packaging company Tetra Pak .
Jean - Pierre - Antoine Rey ( 21 December 1767 - 12 January 1842 ) commanded a famous French infantry regiment during the Napoleonic Wars and became a general officer in 1808 .
Frederico de Freitas ( born Lisbon , 15 November 1902 - died there 12 January 1980 ) was a Portuguese composer , conductor , musicologist and pedagogue .
Bertram Ashburnham , 5th Earl of Ashburnham ( 28 October 1840 -- 15 January 1913 ) was a British peer .
Hugo von Montfort ( 1357 -- 4 April 1423 ) was an Austrian minstrel of the Late Middle Ages .
Óscar Únzaga de la Vega ( 19 April 1916 -- 19 April 1959 ) was a Bolivian political figure and rebel .
Henry George Lamond ( 13 June 1885 -- 12 July 1969 ) was an Australian farmer and writer , notable for his novels about the land , people and animals of outback Queensland .
( George ) Leighton Seager , 1st Baron Leighton of St Mellons CBE ( 11 January 1896 -- 17 October 1963 ) , known as Sir George Leighton Seager , 1st Baronet , from 1952 to 1962 , was a Welsh shipping magnate .
Thomas Touchet - Jesson , 23rd Baron Audley MBE ( 15 September 1913 -- 3 July 1963 ) was born in Herefordshire , England , to Thomas Touchet Tuchet - Jesson and Annie Rosina Hammacott - Osler and educated at Lancing College .
Percy Brooke ( May 1893 -- 1971 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aberdare Athletic , Accrington Stanley , Stoke , Swindon Town .
Sir Henry Blount ( 1602 - -1682 ) was a 17th - century English landowner , traveller and author .
William B. Pettit ( October 10 , 1825 - 1905 ) was a Virginia lawyer who served a term as president of The Virginia Bar Association , and was a delegate to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1901 .
Almahmoud ( 1947 - -1971 ) was an American Thoroughbred racemare that was best known as an influential broodmare who produced Natalma and Cosmah .
Pope Clement IX ( Latin : Clemens IX ; 28 January 1600 -- 9 December 1669 ) , born Giulio Rospigliosi , was Pope from 20 June 1667 to his death in 1669 .
Susan Newell ( 1893 - -1923 ) was the last woman to be hanged in Scotland .
Major Ludwig Albrecht von Rohr ( 1796 - -1815 ) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars who was killed during the Waterloo Campaign .
Fernando Manuel de Bustillo Bustamante y Rueda ( died 1719 ) served as the 37th Governor General of Spanish Philippines from 1717 until his death .
Hadamar III of Laber ( ca 1300 -- 1360 ) was one of the Lords of Laber ( now Laaber ) in the Upper Palatinate , and an important courtly poet ( Minnesänger ) .
According to Amnesty International , Thongsouk Saysangkhi died in prison in February 1998 .
Hugh MacColl ( 1831 - -1909 ) was a Scottish mathematician , logician and novelist .
Bagindo Azizchan ( 30 September 1910 -- 19 July 1947 ) , is the Mayor of Padang second after independence , which was inaugurated on August 15 , 1946 replacing Mr. Abubakar Jaar .
Teobaldo II Ordelaffi ( also known as Tebaldo , 1413 - -1425 ) was briefly lord of Forlì from 1422 to 1424 .
William Ellis Tucker ( died 1832 ) was the first person to successfully produce hard paste porcelain for the home market made entirely in the United States of purely domestic materials .
Bojang of Goguryeo ( died 682 ) ( r. 642 - -668 ) was the 28th and last king of Goguryeo the northernmost of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Vinod Mishra ( Hindi : विनोद मिश्रा ; 24 March 1947 -- 18 December 1998 ) was an Indian communist politician .
George Digby , 2nd Earl of Bristol ( bapt . 5 November 1612 -- 20 March 1677 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1640 until 1641 when he was raised to the House of Lords .
Zuleika Alambert ( Santos , 23 December 1922 - Rio de Janeiro , 27 December 2012 ) was a Brazilian writer , feminist , and politician .
Adam of Usk ( Welsh : Adda o Frynbuga ) ( c. 1352 -- 1430 ) was a Welsh priest , canonist , and late medieval historian and chronicler .
Lloyd Davies ( 23 February 1877 -- 10 October 1957 ) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Stoke and had a long career in the Southern League with Northampton Town .
Serafino Porrecta ( b. 1536 ; d. at Bologna , 2 January 1614 ) was an Italian Dominican theologian .
Cathal mac Domhnall Ó Conchobair ( died 1324 ) was King of Connacht from 1318 to 1324 .
' Abd al - Hayy ( c. 1374 - Samarkand , 1405 ) was a Persian illustrator and painter .
Stanley Roy Badmin ( 1906 - -1989 ) was an English painter and etcher particularly noted for his book illustrations and landscapes .
Vaidila ( Woidiło , Voydiło , Woydylo ; executed in 1381 ) was a favorite and brother - in - law of Jogaila , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Otto Muehl ( 16 June 1925 -- 26 May 2013 ) was an Austrian artist , who was known as one of the co - founders as well as a main participant of Viennese Actionism and for founding the Friedrichshof Commune .
Sir Eric Teichman , born Erik Teichmann ( 16 January 1884 -- 3 December 1944 , in Norfolk , England ) was a British diplomat and orientalist .
Sulejman Zalla ( 1892 - -1966 ) was an Albanian teacher , patriot and activist of the Rilindja Kombëtare of the early 20th century .
Sophie d'Artois ( 5 August 1776 -- 5 December 1783 ) was a French princess of the House of Bourbon .
Wilhelm Crisolli ( 20 January 1895 -- 12 September 1944 ) was a German general and member of the Nazi Party in World War II . He was Commander of 13 .
Paul Langerhans ( 25 July 1847 -- 20 July 1888 ) was a German pathologist , physiologist and biologist .
Rev. Jerome Alley ( 1760 - -1826 ) was an Irish poet and author .
Rokneddin Mokhtari ( 1887 - -1970 ) was an Iranian musician and violinist .
Mahbub Alam Chashi ( Bengali : মাহবুব আলম চাষী ) ( 1927 - -1983 ) was a renowned public official and social worker from Bangladesh .
Charles Magnus ( 16 March 1826 - 3 May 1900 ) was a printing entrepreneur , whose business was based in New York , NY .
Clive Hale ( 1937 -- 5 June 2005 ) was an Australian television news and current affairs presenter on the Australian Broadcasting Corporation ( ABC ) for 38 years .
Gu Hongzhong ( simplified Chinese : 顾闳中 ; traditional Chinese : 顧閎中 ; pinyin : Gù Hóngzhōng ; 937 - -975 ) was a Chinese painter during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of Chinese history .
Philipp Jarnach ( 26 July 1892 -- 17 December 1982 ) was a composer of modern music .
Eduardo Prieto ( 15 April 1912 -- 8 July 2003 ) was a Mexican fencer and sailor .
Clara Pontoppidan ( 23 April 1883 -- 22 January 1975 ) , also known as Clara Wieth , was a Danish actress .
Aref El Rayess ( or Aref Rayess ) ( 1928 in Aley , Lebanon -- 2005 ) was a Lebanese painter .
Mohammad Daoud Oudeh ( Arabic : محمد داود عودة‎ ) , commonly known by his nom de guerre Abu Daoud or Abu Dawud ( Arabic : أبو داود‎ ) 1937 , -- 3 July 2010 ) was a Palestinian known as the planner , architect and mastermind of the Munich massacre .
Christina Onassis ( Greek : Χριστίνα Ωνάση ; 11 December 1950 -- 19 November 1988 ) was an American - born Greek / Argentine businesswoman , socialite , and heiress to the Onassis fortune .
Peter Racine Fricker ( 5 September 1920 -- 1 February 1990 ) was an English composer who lived in the US for the last thirty years of his life .
Sir Edgar Bonham - Carter , KCMG , CIE ( 2 April 1870 -- 24 April 1956 ) was a British barrister and administrator in the Sudan and Iraq .
Carl - August Petersen ( 26 May 1912 -- 23 November 1980 ) was a highly decorated Major in the Luftwaffe .
Czesław Młot - Fijałkowski ( 1892 - -1944 ) was a Polish military officer and a brigadier general of the Polish Army .
Dr. Frederic John Poynton M.D. , F.R.C.P. ( 26 June 1869 -- 29 October 1943 ) was an English physician who studied rheumatism in children while practising at Great Ormond Street Hospital and University College Hospital .
Clive Scott ( 24 February 1945 -- 10 May 2009 ) was a keyboard player of the British 1970s pop / rock group , Jigsaw , as well as the composer of most of the group 's recordings , together with the singer , Des Dyer .
Oğuz Yorulmaz ( - May 2005 ) was a Turkish policeman convicted of involvement in the Susurluk scandal ; he was a bodyguard of Sedat Bucak .
Samuel Goodenough ( 1743 -- 12 August 1827 ) was the Bishop of Carlisle from 1808 until his death in 1827 , and an amateur botanist and collector .
Fred Hawking ( 22 September 1909 -- 8 September 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the VFL during the 1930s .
( Joseph ) Rupert Balfe ( 9 March 1890 -- 25 April 1915 ) was an Australian rules footballer .
Roger Brett Kebble ( 19 February 1964 -- 27 September 2005 ) was a South African mining magnate with close links to factions in the ruling political party , the African National Congress .
Emile Riachi ( November 2 , 1926 -- 15 June 2014 ) was a renowned orthopaedic surgeon in Lebanon .
Debbie Purdy ( 4 May 1963 -- 23 December 2014 ) was a British music journalist and political activist from Bradford , West Yorkshire , with primary progressive multiple sclerosis , notable for her challenge to the law in England and Wales as relates to assisted suicide .
Beryl Cook , OBE ( 10 September 1926 -- 28 May 2008 ) was an English artist best known for her original and instantly recognisable paintings .
Åke Strömmer ( born 10 June 1936 in Härnösand , died 22 February 2005 ) was a Swedish sports journalist , radio presenter and television host .
Jan Standonck ( or Jean Standonk ; 16 August 1453 -- 5 February 1504 ) was a Flemish priest , Scholastic , and reformer .
Braja Sundar Mitra ( Bengali : ব্রজ সুন্দর মিত্র Brojo Shundor Mitro ) ( 1227 - 1282 Bengali Era ) , son of Bhabani Prasad Mitra , was founder of Dhaka Brahmo Samaj .
Leo J. Volpe ( 1916 - -13 April 2000 ) was a draft resister and conscientious objector as a Jehovah 's Witness during World War II . In the Month of February 1940 Leo Volpe begin reading the first of a set of three books titled Vindication .
Johannes Adam Simon Oertel ( born Fürth , Bavaria , 3 November 1823 ; died 9 December 1909 ) was a German - American Episcopal clergyman and artist .
Verita Bouvaire - Thompson ( b.1918 , d. 2011 ) was an American actress turned hairdresser best known for her 14-year reputed affair with actor Humphrey Bogart .
Erzhu Zhao ( 爾朱兆 ) ( died 533 ) , courtesy name Wanren ( 萬仁 ) , was a general of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei .
Kristin Brooks Rossell ( 16 November 1969 -- 7 April 1998 ) became the face of the National Hopeline Network after she committed suicide after suffering from postpartum depression .
John Wheeler Bunton ( 22 February 1807 -- 24 August 1879 ) was a Texas settler and signer of the Texas Declaration of Independence ( 1836 ) , which declared independence from Mexico .
Bhai Lal Mohammad Amritsari ( died 1962 ) was a singer of the Kapurthala Gharana trained in the Gwalior style of singing .
Julia Pirotte ( née Diament ; 1 January 1908 -- 25 July 2000 ) was a photojournalist known for her work in Marseille during the Second World War when she documented the French Resistance , and for photographs taken in the aftermath of the Kielce Pogrom of 1946 .
Charlotta Aurora De Geer later Gyldenstolpe and Wetterstedt ( 1779 - -1834 ) , was a Swedish salonist , lady - in - waiting and noble .
Air Vice - Marshal Sir Arthur Vyell Vyvyan KCB DSO ( 12 March 1875 -- 30 September 1935 ) , usually given as Sir Vyell Vyvyan , was an officer in the Royal Navy in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Archbishop Gaetano Alibrandi ( 14 January 1914 -- 3 July 2003 ) of the Roman Catholic Church was a senior papal diplomat and former Personal Secretary to Giovanni Battista Cardinal Montini ( later Pope Paul VI ) .
Daniel Pedreira Senna Pellegrine ( 30 October 1992 -- 7 July 2013 ) , better known by his stage name MC Daleste was a Brazilian funk paulista singer , songwriter and rapper .
Lewis Radcliffe ( 1880 - 1950 ) was a naturalist , malacologist , and ichthyologist .
Martin Friedrich Rudolf von Delbrück ( 16 April 1817 -- 1 February 1903 ) was a Prussian statesman at the time of Otto von Bismarck .
José de Jesus Medrano , better known as Chuchín , was a Mexican clown and star attraction of many circuses in Mexico from the late 1960s to 1984 , when he died while on tour in Africa .
Charles Brandon , 1st Duke of Suffolk , 1st Viscount Lisle , KG ( c.1484 -- 22 August 1545 ) was the son of Sir William Brandon and Elizabeth Bruyn .
Lojze Zupanc ( 21 September 1906 -- 2 June 1973 ) was a Slovene writer , poet , playwright and journalist best known for his short stories based on folktales and other traditional stories .
Fred Lowen AM ( 1919 - -2005 ) , born Fritz Karl Heinz Lowenstein , was a German - Australian designer and an inductee into the Design Institute of Australia Hall of Fame .
Hakija Turajlić ( 1936 -- 8 January 1993 ) was a Bosniak politician , economist and businessman who served as the Deputy Prime Minister of Bosnia and Herzegovina until he was murdered in 1993 .
Bill Burnett was born in Koffiefontein on 31 May 1917 and died in Grahamstown , South Africa on 23 August 1994 was archbishop of Cape Town from 1974 to 1981 .
William Joseph Chamberlain ( died 1945 ) was an English journalist and pacifist .
Gyeon Hwon ( 867 - 27 September 936 , reigned 892 - 935 ) was the king and founder of Hubaekje , one of the Later Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Robert Noel Douglas ( Norwood Green , Middlesex 9 November 1868 - Colyton , Devon 27 February 1957 ) was an English cricketer teacher , and priest .
Giovanni Angelo Testagrossa ( 9 April 1470 -- December 1530 ) was an Italian lutenist and singer .
Charles George Male ( 8 May 1910 -- 19 February 1998 ) was an English footballer .
John William Cameron ( 2 October 1841 - 28 December 1896 ) was an English brewer who owned Camerons Brewery of Hartlepool , County Durham .
Bob Block ( 20 July 1921 -- 17 April 2011 ) was a British radio , television and film comedy scriptwriter .
Agar Wynne ( 15 July 1850 -- 12 May 1934 ) was an Australian politician .
Sir Arnold Savage II ( ca . 1382 -- 1420 ) , of Bobbing , Kent , was an English politician .
Brigadier Daniel Austin died on 29 December 2013 .
David Godwin Burchell BEM ( 23 September 1924 -- 20 September 2009 ) was a South Australian business man , a recreational scuba diver and a football administrator .
Henry Stephen Kemble ( 15 September 1789 -- 22 June 1836 ) was a British actor and son of Stephen Kemble .
Karl Höchberg ( 8 September 1853 -- 21 June 1885 ) was a German social - reformist writer , publisher and economist , who acted under the pseudonyms Dr. Ludwig Richter e R.F. Seifert .
Hugh Willoughby , 12th Baron Willoughby of Parham ( c.1637 - -1712 ) was an English peer of the House of Lords .
Audvar Os ( 8 September 1920 -- 25 June 2014 ) was a Norwegian barrister and civil servant .
Alonzo Conant ( 8 October 1914 - 4 January 1962 ) was a lawyer and political activist from Maine .
Chrysaphius ( Greek : Χρυσάφιος ) was a eunuch at the Eastern Roman court , who became the chief minister of Theodosius II ( r. 408 - -450 ) .
Sir William Llewelyn Davies ( born William Davies , and adding `` Llewelyn '' after marrying Gwen Llewelyn ) ( 11 October 1887 -- 11 November 1952 ) was chief librarian of the National Library of Wales , Aberystwyth from 1930 until his death .
Brahma Pala ( 900 - 920 ) was founder of Pala Dynasty ( 900 - -1100 ) of Kamarupa Kingdom .
Tomaso Porcacchi Castilione ( 1530 - -1585 ) was an author and cartographer .
Dr. Vala Chakradhar Rao ( 28 March 1928 -- 27 September 1991 ) was a doctor and politician .
Marie Howet ( 24 March 1897 -- 24 March 1984 ) was a Belgian expressionist painter and illustrator .
Giorgio Matteo Aicardi ( 18 September 1891 -- 30 December 1984 ) was an Italian painter , who also specialised in drawings , frescos , restorations and illustrations .
Blessed Conor O'Devany ( c. 1532 -- 1 ( O.S.)/11 ( N.S. ) February 1612 ; Cornelius O'Devany , Irish : Concobhar Ó Duibheannaigh ) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop and martyr .
Vetle Vislie ( 21 September 1858 -- 7 February 1933 ) was a Norwegian educationalist and writer .
Hickman Price Jr. , ( 1911 - -1989 ) was an assistant secretary in the United States Department of Commerce and a business executive .
Samuel Larsson Stjerneld ( 1637 - -1716 ) was son of Lars Gustafsson Vasa and Brita Törnros .
Herbert Standing ( 13 November 1846 -- 5 December 1923 ) was a British stage and screen actor and the patriarch of the Standing family of actors .
Ramón Atiles y Pérez ( 1804 - -1875 ) , who was born in Ponce , Puerto Rico , was a notable painter known for his miniature portraits of bourgeois sitters .
Teodor Filipović ( 1778 - -1807 ) , Serbian writer , jurist and educator , is also known by his pseudonym Božidar Grujović .
David Pacher ( 5 September 1816 , Obervellach -- 29 May 1902 , Obervellach ) was an Austrian priest and botanist .
Joseph Marcoux ( 16 March 1791 -- 29 May 1855 ) was a Canadian Catholic missionary among the Iroquois .
Henry Lane Eno was born in New York City on July 8 , 1871 ; he died at Montacute House , Somerset , on September 28 , 1928 .
Ida Bagus Mantra ( 8 May 1928 - 10 July 1995 ) was the Governor of Bali from 1978 to 1988 .
Togha Temür ( died late 1353 ) , also known as Taghaytimur , was a claimant to the throne of the Ilkhanate in the mid-14th century .
Franc Gubenšek ( 31 October 1937 -- 17 August 2010 ) was a Slovene biochemist and academic , notable for his work on toxins in snake venom .
Herman Husband ( 1724 - -1795 ) , also known as Harmon Husband , was a farmer , radical , pamphleteer , and preacher .
P. C. Sorcar ( Bengali : পি সি সরকার ) ( 23 February 1913 -- 6 January 1971 ) was the stage name of Protul Chandra Sorcar ( Bengali : প্রতুলচন্দ্র সরকার ) , a famous magician .
Arthur Jones , pen name Tristan Jones ( 8 May 1929 -- 21 June 1995 ) was a British mariner and author .
Carl Jularbo , well known as Calle Jularbo and born as Karl Karlsson ( 6 June 1893 - 13 February 1966 ) was the most famous Swedish accordionist of his time .
Otto Porsch 12 September 1875 -- 2 January 1959 ) was an Austrian biologist .
William Brouncker , 2nd Viscount Brouncker , PRS ( 1620 -- 5 April 1684 ) was an English mathematician who introduced Brouncker 's formula , and was the first President of the Royal Society .
Captain Harold Thomas Cawley ( 12 June 1878 -- 23 September 1915 ) was a British barrister , Liberal Party politician and soldier .
Andrea Ossoinack ( 1876 - 1965 ) was a businessman and politician who became notable in the process of creating the Free State of Fiume .
Townsend Cromwell ( November 3 , 1922 -- June 2 , 1958 ) was an oceanographer who discovered the Cromwell current whilst researching drifting in the equatorial region of the Pacific Ocean .
Tato ( died 510 ) was an early 6th century king of the Lombards .
Dietmar von Aist ( c. 1115 -- c. 1171 ) was a Minnesinger from a baronial family in the Duchy of Austria , whose work is representative of the lyric poetry in the Danube region .
Grace Livingston Hill ( April 16 , 1865 -- 1947 ) was an early 20th - century novelist and wrote both under her real name and the pseudonym Marcia Macdonald .
Joseph Dutton ( born 27 April 1843 , Stowe , Vermont -- died on 26 March 1931 , Honolulu , Hawaii ) , was a Civil War veteran , Union Army Lieutenant , who converted to Catholicism and later worked as a missionary with Father Damien .
Johan Fredrik Eykman or Johann Frederik Eijkman ( 19 January 1851 -- 7 January 1915 ) was a Dutch chemist .
Jules Richomme ( 9 September 1818 -- 16 October 1903 ) was a French portrait , landscape , genre and history painter .
Polymelus ( 1902 - -1924 ) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse who was the leading sire of racehorses in Great Britain and Ireland for five years ( 1914 , 1915 , 1916 , 1920 , 1921 ) .
James Batchelder ( 1830 - -1854 ) was the second United States Marshal to be killed in the line of duty .
Robbie France ( 5 December 1959 -- 14 January 2012 ) was an English drummer , producer , arranger , journalist , music educator , and broadcaster .
Yujiulü Hulü ( Chinese : 郁久閭斛律 ; pinyin : Yùjiǔlǘ Húlǜ ) ( died 414 ) was an early 5th century Aikugai Khan ( 藹苦蓋可汗 ) ( ruler ) of the Rouran , a confederation of nomadic tribes in Mongolia .
McKinley Burnett ( 1897 - 1968 ) played a pivotal role in the landmark Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka school desegregation case as President of the Topeka NAACP by recruiting 13 Topeka families to participate in the court action .
Bryan Patrick Beirne ( 22 January 1918 -- 31 March 1998 ) was an Irish entomologist who emigrated to Canada in 1949 .
Rudolf Sanzin ( 4 June 1874 - 2 June 1922 ) was an Austrian engineer and locomotive designer .
Pieter Claesz ( c. 1597 - -1 January 1660 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes .
Daham Miro ( Kurdish : Deham Mîro ; Arabic : دهام ميرو ) ( January 1921-November 2010 ) was a Kurdish political leader and former chairman of the Kurdistan Democratic Party of Syria ( KDPS ) .
Aurora Miranda da Cunha Richaid ( 20 April 1915 -- 22 December 2005 ) was a Brazilian entertainer .
Joseph Werner ( 22 June 1637 -- 21 September 1710 ) , known as the Younger to distinguish him from his painter father of the same name , was a Swiss painter , known for miniatures .
Edward Cresset ( 1910 - -2001 ) was a Dean of Hereford and a Bishop of Llandaff .
Euphémie Daguilh ( died in Les Cayes , Haiti , 1834 ) , was a Haitian composer and choreographer , royal mistress of emperor Jean - Jacques Dessalines and famed for her fearless care of the wounded during the campaign of 1805 .
Angadrisma ( Angadrême , Angadresima , Angadreme , Angradesma , Andragasyna ) ( d. ca . 695 ) was a seventh - century abbess and saint .
Francis Cuggy ( 16 June 1889 -- 27 March 1965 ) was an English footballer who played at right half .
Morris Schaff ( 1840 - -1929 ) , was a native of Etna Township , Ohio , USA .
Sophie Elisabeth of Schleswig - Holstein - Sonderburg - Wiesenburg ( 4 May 1653 - 19 August 1684 ) , was a German noblewoman member of the House of Oldenburg and by marriage Duchess of Saxe - Zeitz .
George Edward Dering ( 1831 - -1911 ) was a British inventor and eccentric .
Henry FitzAlan , 19th Earl of Arundel KG ( 23 April 1512 -- 24 February 1580 ) was an English nobleman , who over his long life assumed a prominent place at the court of all the later Tudor sovereigns , probably the only person to do so .
Colette Ritz , real name Benitte Colette ( Paris , 8 May 1932 - Proisy , 9 September 2007 ) was a French pop singer of the 1960s .
Harold Gresley ( 1892 - 1967 ) was a British artist , following his father and grandfather .
Alexander Sahinian ( Armenian : Ալեքսանդր Սահինյան ; 1910 - -1982 ) was a Soviet Armenian architectural historian , who headed the Architecture Department of the Institute of Arts of the Armenian Academy of Sciences between 1958 and 1982 .
Luigi Bellardi ( 18 May 1818 -- 17 September 1889 ) was an Italian malacologist and entomologist who specialised in Diptera .
Armin Schlieps ( 1931 - -2005 ) , son of George Schlieps , was an illustrious bow maker ( Archetier ) as well as a violin maker ( Luthier ) .
John II , Duke of Mecklenburg - Stargard ( before 1370 - 6 July/9 October 1416 ) was a titular Duke of Mecklenburg .
Thomas Klestil ( 4 November 1932 -- 6 July 2004 ) was an Austrian diplomat and politician .
Jan Walenty Węgierski ( 1755 - -1796 ) , of Wieniawa Coat of Arms , was a Deputy Chancellor ( podkanclerz ) and Chamberlain of last king of Poland , Stanisław August Poniatowski .
Austin Leslie Farnen ( better known as Les Farnen , 17 September 1919 -- January 1985 ) was an English professional footballer .
Christian Swartz ( June 15 , 1846 -- 1932 ) was a two - term mayor of South Norwalk , Connecticut , United States in 1880 , and 1882 .
Thomas Francis Dillon Croker FSA FRGS ( 1831 - -1912 ) was a British antiquary and poet .
Laurence Gross ( 1931 - 2003 ) was a television and radio broadcaster in San Diego .
Joseph Liberman ( 1917 , Henichesk -- August 1941 , Russian : Иосиф Меерович Либерман ) was a Soviet mathematician , a student of Aleksandrov , best known for Liberman 's lemma .
Ramachandra Raya ( 1422 CE ) was an emperor of the Vijayanagara Empire from the Sangama Dynasty .
Saw Bwe Hmu ( Burmese : စောဘွဲ့မှူး died 24 July 1993 ) was a co - founder and the bandleader of the Burmese band Iron Cross and a well known songwriter .
Radu Irimescu ( December 9 , 1890 -- May 1975 ) was a Romanian businessman , politician , and diplomat .
Emil Veesenmeyer ( 1857 -- 1944 ) was a German theologian , minister of the Bergkirche in Wiesbaden , the capital of Hesse , and later a dean .
James Frye ( b. in Andover , Massachusetts , in 1709 ; d. 8 January 1776 ) was a colonial soldier .
Sima Yong ( 司馬顒 ) ( died 306 ) , courtesy name Wenzai ( 文載 ) , was a Jin Dynasty ( 265 - 420 ) imperial prince and briefly a regent for Emperor Hui .
Robert John Halliburton ( 23 March 1935 -- 26 September 2004 ) was an English priest and theologian within the Church of England , who served as a Canon and Chancellor of St Paul 's Cathedral between 1989 and 2003 .
Ruth Spalding ( 30 November 1913 -- 26 February 2009 ) was an actor , director and author .
Geoffrey Font , Irish centenarian , ( 1709 - -1814 ) According to James Hardiman , Font 's family - one of the Tribes of Galway - `` settled in Galway in the beginning of the fifteenth century , they sprung from an ancient English family of Leicestershire '' ( p. 13 ) .
Oberst Helmut Lent ( 13 June 1918 -- 7 October 1944 ) was a German night - fighter ace in World War II . Lent shot down 110 aircraft , 102 of them at night , far more than the minimum of five enemy aircraft required for the title of `` ace '' .
Johann Wilhelm Adolf Hansemann ( 14 May 1784 , Finkenwerder Hamburg-- 26 July 1862 , Diepholz ) was a German entomologist and insect dealer .
Ma Sui ( 馬燧 ) ( 726 -- September 4 , 795 ) , courtesy name Xunmei ( 洵美 ) , formally Prince Zhuangwu of Beiping ( 北平莊武王 ) , was a Chinese general who served during the Tang dynasty .
The next day , 20 December 1891 , Stairs sent his second - in - command , Belgian Lieutenant Omer Bodson with de Bonchamps and 100 askaris to arrest Msiri .
Christopher Henrik Holfeldt Tostrup ( born 20 September 1804 in Hjelmeland , died 17 October 1881 in Christiania ) was a Norwegian timber merchant and land - owner .
Claudio Angelini ( 29 March 1943 -- 2 June 2015 ) was president of the Dante Alighieri Society in New York , U.S. political correspondent for RAI , the Italian national television network and was President Emeritus of RAI Corporation .
Peter Sedgwick ( 1934 - -1983 ) was a translator of Victor Serge , author of a number of books including PsychoPolitics and a revolutionary socialist activist .
José Gerson da Cunha ( 2 February 1844 -- 3 August 1900 ) was a Goan physician who achieved international renown as an orientalist , historian , linguist and numismatist .
Stanisław Rehman ( 1838 - -1899 ) , was a city councillor in Kraków , Poland .
William Mackintire Salter ( 1853 - -1931 ) was the author of several books on philosophy and a critical and enduring major classic on Nietzsche .
Kostas Lazaridis ( 1900 - -1943 ) was a famous Greek trade unionist .
John Gordon , 1st Viscount of Kenmure ( 1599 - -1634 ) was a Scottish nobleman , renowned Presbyterian , and founder of the town of New Galloway .
Gilbert de Clare , 8th Earl of Gloucester , 7th Earl of Hertford , 10th Lord of Clare , 5th Lord of Glamorgan ( c. 10 May 1291 -- 24 June 1314 ) was an English nobleman and a military commander in the Scottish Wars .
Victor - Amédée Lebesgue , sometimes written Le Besgue , ( 2 October 1791 , Grandvilliers ( Oise ) -- 10 June 1875 , Bordeaux ( Gironde ) ) was a mathematician working on number theory .
Federico José María Ronstadt ( 1868 - 1954 ) was a business and cultural leader in Tucson , Arizona , USA , in the early 20th century .
Thomas P. Rona ( 1923 - -1997 ) was a 1980s era science advisor to the Defense Department and the White House under Presidents Reagan and Bush .
Sir Thomas Whorwood ( 1544 - -1616 ) was a Staffordshire landowner , Member of the English Parliament and High Sheriff of Staffordshire .
On 17 December 1917 , in the early hours , Ernst Leman was shot in the head .
Lars Magnus Ericsson ( 5 May 1846 -- 17 December 1926 ) was a Swedish inventor , entrepreneur and founder of telephone equipment manufacturer Ericsson ( incorporated as Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson ) .
Norman Cameron ( 1905 - -1953 ) was a Scottish poet , distantly related to Thomas Babington , Lord Macaulay who , between the two world wars , associated on Majorca with Robert Graves and Laura Riding .
Dan Patch lived in Minnesota from 1902 until his death on 11 July 1916 .
Paul Thiene ( 1880 - -1971 ) was a German - born American landscape architect .
Ayhan Şahenk ( 11 June 1929 , Niğde -- 1 April 2001 , İstanbul ) founder of Doğuş Holding , Turkish businessman .
Albert II , Count of Hoya ( 1526 -- 18 March 1563 ) was the ruling Count of Hoya from 1545 until his death .
Colin Ireland ( 16 March 1954 -- 21 February 2012 ) was a British serial killer known as the Gay Slayer because his victims were homosexual men .
Sir William Bellingham , 1st Baronet ( c. 1756 -- 27 October 1826 ) was an Irish - born British politician and the controller of the storekeepers ' accounts for the Royal Navy .
Lord William Campbell ( ca . 1731 -- 4 September 1778 ) was from a Scottish family loyal to the British Crown .
Muiris Ó Rócháin ( Dingle , 1944 -- Milltown Malbay , 17 October 2011 ) was a teacher , director of the Willie Clancy Summer School , president of Oireachtas na Gaeilge and folk collector .
Julius Nicolaysen ( 31 July 1831 -- 25 December 1909 ) was a Norwegian professor of medicine .
Gwilym Ellis Lane Owen ( 18 May 1922 -- 10 July 1982 ) , who published as G. E. L. Owen , was a Welsh philosopher , concerned with the history of Ancient Greek philosophy .
Yizhar Harari ( Hebrew : יזהר הררי‎ , 16 July 1908 -- 1 February 1978 ) was a Zionist activist and Israeli politician .
Proculus ( died c. 281 ) was a Roman usurper , one of the `` minor pretenders '' according to Historia Augusta ; he took the purple against Emperor Probus in 280 .
Dr. Raymond McClean ( c. 1932 -- 29 January 2011 ) was an Irish nationalist politician and physician .
Alexander Malcolm Jacob ( 1849 in Izmir , Turkey -- 1921 ) was a diamond and gemstone trader in Shimla .
Louis Leo Snyder ( 4 July 1907 -- 25 November 1993 ) was an American - born German scholar who witnessed the Nazi mass meetings and wrote about them in Hitlerism :
Irving Underhill ( 1872 - -1960 ) was one of the most notable commercial photographers in New York City during the first half of the 20th century .
Julius Klengel ( 24 September 1859 -- 27 October 1933 ) was a German cellist who is most famous for his etudes and solo pieces written for the instrument .
Gallus Guggumos , probably Guggenmoos or Guggenmoser , ( c. 1590 -- c. 1666 ) was a German composer .
Michel de Sèvre or de Seurre ( active 1539 - -1593 ) , Knight of St John , was a French courtier and diplomat , Grand Master of the Order of Saint Lazarus 1564 - -1578 and 1586 - -1593 .
Jagadhekamalla III ( r. 1164 - -1183 CE ) succeeded Tailapa III to the highly diminished Western Chalukya empire .
John Thomson Mason ( 15 March 1765 -- 10 December 1824 ) was an American jurist and Attorney General of Maryland in 1806 .
Eve Garnett ( 9 January 1900 -- 5 April 1991 ) was an English writer and illustrator .
Blessed Pietro Pettinaio ( c. 1189 - 4 December 1289 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who worked as a comb - maker .
Radamés Gnattali ( 27 January 1906 -- 3 February 1988 ) was a Brazilian composer of both classical and popular music , as well as a conductor , orchestrator , and arranger .
John Joseph Saunders ( 17 June 1910 -- 25 November 1972 ) was a British historian whose work focused on medieval Islamic and Asian history .
Peder Hjermann ( 1 December 1754 -- 25 December 1834 ) was a farmer and elected official who served as a representative at the Norwegian Constitutional Assembly .
Gerald Howat ( 12 June 1928 -- 10 October 2007 ) , born Gerald Malcolm David Howat , was a British writer on cricket , a historian and a schoolmaster .
Martín Casimiro Martínez Fagalde , usually known as Martín C. Martínez ( 22 February 1859 - 21 January 1946 ) was a Uruguayan lawyer and politician .
John Newdigate ( 1600 - 29 November 1642 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629 .
Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Augur ( c. 54 BC -- 25 AD ) was a politician and general of the early Roman Empire , who became consul in 14 BC . Enormously wealthy , he was reputedly forced by the emperor Tiberius to commit suicide in 25 AD .
Major General Liam Tobin ( born William Joseph Tobin ; 1895 - 30 April 1963 ) was an officer in the Irish Army and the instigator of an Army Mutiny in March 1924 .
Harald Julius von Bosse ( 1812 - -1894 ; Гаральд Юлиус Боссе ) was a 19th - century architect and painter .
Brigitte Varangot ( 1 May 1940 -- 12 October 2007 ) was a French amateur golfer .
Nat Riddles ( 4 February 1952 -- 11 August 1991 ) was a blues harmonica player who played an important role in the New York blues scene during the late 1970s to mid-1980s .
Yeruham Meshel ( Hebrew : ירוחם משל‎‎ , born 24 November 1912 , died 27 November 2002 ) was an Israeli union leader and politician who served as head of the Histadrut from 1973 until 1984 , and as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment between 1977 and 1984 .
Evarts Boutell Greene ( 1870 - -1947 ) was an American historian , born in Kobe , Japan , where his parents were missionaries .
Hans Wendlandt ( 18 January 1918 - 20 February 1978 ) is a German former football player and manager .
Elihu Phinney ( 1756 - -1813 ) was the first printer in Cooperstown , New York .
Grgur Branković ( 1415 -- 16 October 1459 ) was a 15th - century Serbian nobleman .
Antipope Paschal III ( or Paschal III ) was Antipope from 1164 to 20 September 1168 .
Jacques Gilles Henri Goguet ( 11 March 1767 -- 21 April 1794 ) rose to command a French division during the French Revolutionary Wars before he was assassinated by his own soldiers after a defeat .
Sir James Alfred Jacoby ( 1852 - -1909 ) was a Nottingham lace manufacturer and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1909 .
Colonel Sir Edward Rossiter ( 1618 - -1669 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1646 and 1660 .
Mary Dendy ( 28 January 1855 - 9 May 1933 ) was a promoter of residential schools for mentally handicapped people , i.e. institutionalisation .
Cyril Andresen ( 1929 -- 1977 ) was a Danish competitive sailor and Olympic medalist .
Daniel Featley , also called Fairclough and sometimes called Richard Fairclough / Featley ( 15 March 1582 -- 17 April 1645 ) , was an English theologian and controversialist .
Maria Antonietta Beluzzi ( 26 July 1930 -- 9 August 1997 ) was an Italian actress who appeared in a number of films in her native country .
Euphemia Stewart , Countess of Strathearn ( died c. 1434 ) was a medieval Scottish noblewoman , the daughter of David Stewart , Earl Palatine of Strathearn and Caithness .
Guy Carleton Phinney ( 1851 - -1893 ) was a real estate developer in Seattle .
Richard Baynard ( ca . 1371 - -7 January 1434 ) was an English administrator , MP and Speaker of the House of Commons of England in 1421 .
Alexandre Denguet Atiki ( 1937 ? -- 30 January 2013 ) was a Congolese politician .
Justice T Paramasiva Iyer ( 1863 - -1943 ) was an Indian vedic scholar , writer and a District and Sessions Judge of Bangalore during the period of Maharaja Chamarajendra Wadiyar X and later went on to become the Chief Justice of the Mysore High Court .
István Bató ( 1812 - -1890 ) was a prominent citizen of the Northern Hungarian city of Miskolc in the 19th century .
Abraham Chazan ( 1849 -- 1917 ) was a rabbi and key figure in the transmission of Breslover Hasidut at the turn of the 20th century .
Friedrich - Wilhelm von Chappuis ( 13 September 1886 -- 27 August 1942 ) was a General der Infanterie who commanded the XXXVIII .
Ivar Huitfeldt ( 5 December 1665 -- 4 October 1710 ) was a Dano - Norwegian naval officer who was killed in action , when he commanded the ship Dannebroge during Great Northern War 1700 - -1721 .
Gao Xu ( Chinese : 高旭 ; pinyin : Gāo Xù ; Wade -- Giles : Kao Hsü / Kao Hsu ; 1877－1925 ) , was a Chinese poet , writer , revolutionary , political activist .
David Mannes ( 16 February 1866 -- 25 April 1959 ) was an American violinist , conductor , educator , and community organizer .
Horace Pitt - Rivers , 6th Baron Rivers ( 12 April 1814 -- 3 March 1880 ) , known as Horace Beckford until 1828 and Hon . Horace Pitt from 1828 until 1867 , was a British peer and army officer .
Ricardo Sepúlveda ( 19 May 1941 -- 3 February 2014 ) was a Chilean football ( soccer ) manager and player .
Cassian Sakowicz , also known as Kasjan Sakowicz , ( born 1578 in Podteliszu near Lubaczów , d. 1647 in Krakow ) was an Orthodox activist and , later , a Catholic theologian , writer , and polemicist .
Alfred Meeson ( 1808 -- 12 January 1885 ) was a British architect and surveyor .
John T. Power ( 1883 -- 1 February 1982 ) was an Irish hurler who played as a goalkeeper for the Kilkenny senior team .
Pedro Ignacio de Castro Barros ( 31 July 1777 -- 7 April 1849 ) was an Argentine statesman and priest .
Kristine Miller ( June 13 , 1925 -- 2015 ) was an American film actress , known for her appearances in film noir and Westerns .
Stephen Codman ( c. 1796 -- 6 October 1852 ) was a Canadian composer of English descent .
Cal Chamberlain ( April 21 , 1968 -- c. July 25 , 2008 ) , born Mark Chamberlain , was an artist and Internet pioneer based out of New York City .
Jim McCoy ( 29 August 1875 -- 8 February 1913 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Gualberto José Antonio Rodríguez Larreta Ferreira ( 14 December 1922 -- 19 August 2015 ) , better known as Antonio Larreta or Taco Larreta , was a Uruguayan writer , critic and actor .
Avraham Tiar ( Hebrew : אברהם טיאר‎‎ 29 January 1924 -- 25 April 2011 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut , Gahal and the Free Centre between 1961 and 1969 .
Sir Edward Morgan , 1st Baronet of Llantarnam ( died 24 June 1653 ) was a Roman Catholic supporter of Charles I during the Bishops ' War and the English Civil War .
Josef Erber ( birth name : Josef Houstek ) ( 16 October 1897 in Ottendorf -- 1987 ) was an SS - Oberscharführer at Auschwitz concentration camp .
Corrado Bafile ( 4 July 1903 -- 3 February 2005 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints from 1975 to 1980 , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1976 .
Iago ab Idwal was a King of Gwynedd ( r. 950 -- 979 ) and possibly Powys .
Oberleutnant zur See Reinhold Saltzwedel ( 23 November 1889 -- 2 December 1917 ) was a successful and highly decorated German U - boat commander in the Kaiserliche Marine during World War I. Saltzwedel sank a total of 111 merchant vessels for 170,526 gross register tons ( GRT ) .
Jean - Baptiste Stahl ( German : Johann Baptist Stahl ) ( 20 June 1869 -- 31 January 1932 ) was the inventor and designer of the Phanolith .
Amrit Keshav Nayak ( 1877 -- 18 July 1907 ) was a theatre actor , director of Parsi theatre , lyricist and Gujarati author .
Gertrude of Sulzbach ( German : Gertrud von Sulzbach ; c. 1110 -- 14 April 1146 ) was Queen consort of Germany from 1138 until her death , as second wife of the Hohenstaufen king Conrad III .
Julio César Grauert ( 1902 - -1933 ) was a Uruguayan journalist and political figure .
Christian Friedrich von Kahlbutz ( 1651 in Kampehl , Brandenburg -- 1702 in Kampehl ) was a German knight , who is today most famous because of the state of preservation of his body ; no noticeable mummification process was used upon his death .
Raj Singh I ( 24 September 1629 - 22 October 1680 ) , was the Maharana of Mewar Kingdom ( r. 1652 - 1680 ) .
Werner Streib ( 13 June 1911 -- 15 June 1986 ) was a German Luftwaffe fighter ace during World War II . He was also a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves and Swords ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub und Schwertern ) .
Richard Bingham , 2nd Earl of Lucan ( 4 December 1764 -- 30 June 1839 ) , styled The Honourable from 1776 to 1795 and subsequently Lord Bingham until 1799 , was an Irish peer and Tory politician .
William B. Van Ingen ( 1858 - -1955 ) was a stained glass artist and painter perhaps best known for his Panama Canal murals .
Gustav Steinbrecht ( 1808 - -1885 ) is considered one of the masters of dressage .
Henry Grey , 1st Duke of Kent , KG PC ( 1671 -- 5 June 1740 ) was a British politician and courtier .
Maurice Christopher Hollis , known as Christopher Hollis ( 2 December 1902 -- 5 May 1977 ) was a British schoolmaster , university teacher , author and Conservative politician .
Norman Hampson ( 8 April 1922 in Manchester , England -- 8 July 2011 in York ) was the Professor of History at the University of York from 1974 to 1989 .
Roland Godin ( 11 October 1926 -- 22 June 2009 ) was a Ralliement créditiste and Social Credit party member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Johann Rudolf , Count Chotek of Chotkow and Wognin ( German : Johann Nepomuk Rudolph Graf Chotek von Chotkow und Wognin ; 18 May 1748 -- 26 August 1824 ) was an Austrian finance minister and Government President ( Gubernialpräsident ) in the Kingdom of Bohemia .
Liu Dongsheng ( Chinese : 劉東生 , 刘东生 ; 1917 - -2008 ) was a Chinese geologist and archaeologist .
Brian Morgan Edwards ( August 1934 -- December 2002 ) was an expert computer salesman , a prominent supporter of Plaid Cymru and a Welsh businessman who sponsored the first Welsh - language recording studio for popular music .
Benjamín Herrera ( 1853 - 1924 ) was a Colombian politician and general .
Raden Agustinus Suhardi ( 1899 - -1988 ) was a professor at Gadjah Mada University and first Agrarian Minister of Indonesia .
The Hero of the Hour is a 1917 American silent Western film directed by Raymond Wells .
Broken Vessels is a 1998 medical drama film directed by Scott Ziehl and written by Ziehl along with David Baer and John McMahon .
No Trees in the Street is a 1959 British crime thriller directed by J. Lee Thompson and written by Ted Willis , from his 1948 stage play of the same name .
Chandamama Kathalu Volume 1 is a 2014 Telugu , anthology film directed by Praveen Sattaru and produced by Chanakya Bhooneti .
Lines of Wellington ( Portuguese : Linhas de Wellington ) is a 2012 Franco - Portuguese epic war film and television series prepared by Chilean director Raúl Ruiz and completed by his widow Valeria Sarmiento .
I Love You , Baby is a 2000 German action thriller movie directed by Nick Lyon with Jasmin Gerat , Mark Keller , Maximilian Schell and Burkhard Driest in the lead .
Sano Sansar ( Nepali : सानो संसार , translation : Small World ) is a 2008 Nepali romantic comedy film directed by Alok Nembang .
Roll Up Your Sleeves is an Irish documentary about do - it - yourself counterculture directed by Dylan Haskins .
Au rendez - vous de la mort joyeuse is a 1973 horror film directed by Juan Luis Buñuel ( the son of Luis Buñuel ) .
Within the Whirlwind is a 2009 film directed by Marleen Gorris and based on the book by Eugenia Ginzburg .
Harry + Max ( alternate title Harry and Max ) , is a 2004 American drama film directed by Christopher Münch .
Munde Kamaal De ( Punjabi:ਮੁੰਡੇ ਕਮਾਲ ਦੇ ) is a Punjabi comedy film directed by Amit Prasher and written by Naresh Kathuria .
Fuelling Poverty is a 2012 Nigerian Documentary by Ishaya Bako that narrates the activities of the Occupy Nigeria movement when it was at its climax in early 2012 .
Freud 's Leaving Home ( Swedish : Freud flyttar hemifrån ... ) is a 1991 Swedish comedy film , directed by Susanne Bier .
The Gate of Heavenly Peace ( Chinese : 天安门 ; pinyin : Tiānānmén ) is a 1995 documentary film , produced by Richard Gordon and Carma Hinton , about the Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 .
The Affairs of Martha is a 1942 American romantic comedy film directed by Jules Dassin and written by Isobel Lennart based on her story .
Katthegalu Saar Katthegalu ( Kannada : ಕತ್ತೆಗಳು ಸಾರ್ ಕತ್ತೆಗಳು ) is a 2003 Indian Kannada comedy film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu .
Piercing I is a 2010 Chinese animated film directed by Liu Jian .
The Final Girls is a 2015 American slasher comedy film , directed by Todd Strauss - Schulson and written by M.A. Fortin and Joshua John Miller .
Hridayathil Sookshikkan ( English : To be careful of your heart ) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by debutant Rajesh Pillai .
A Railway Collision ( also known as A Railroad Wreck ) is a 1900 British short silent drama film , directed by Walter R. Booth and produced by Robert W. Paul .
Il lumacone ( The Big Snail ) is a 1974 Italian comedy - drama film directed by Paolo Cavara .
Nanna Prathigne ( Kannada : ನನ್ನ ಪ್ರತಿಜ್ಞೆ ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by Padmanabham .
Mrs. Tutti Frutti is a 1921 Austrian silent film directed by Michael Curtiz .
The Devil 's Circus is a 1926 silent drama film directed by Danish director Benjamin Christensen , based upon his screenplay .
Everybody 's Hobby is a 1939 American comedy film directed by William C. McGann and written by Kenneth Gamet and William W. Brockway .
Sven Klang 's Combo ( Swedish : Sven Klangs kvintett ) is a 1976 Swedish film , directed by Stellan Olsson .
No Mercy , No Future ( German : Die Berührte ) is a 1981 West German drama film directed by Helma Sanders - Brahms .
The Sweet House of Horrors ( in original Italian , La dolce casa degli orrori ) is a 1989 Italian horror film directed by Lucio Fulci .
Chirag Kahan Roshni Kahan ( Hindi : चिराग कहाँ रोशनी कहाँ ; English : Where is the lamp , where is the light ) is a 1959 Indian Bollywood film directed and produced by Devendra Goel .
Bor Asbe Ekhuni ( Bengali : বর আসবে এখুনি ) is a 2008 Bengali film by Rangan Chakraborty .
Without Compassion ( Spanish : Sin compasión ) is a 1994 Peruvian drama film directed by Francisco José Lombardi , and based on Crime and Punishment , by Fyodor Dostoyevsky .
When Men Betray is a 1929 race film directed , written , produced and distributed by Oscar Micheaux .
Tomorrow I 'll Wake Up and Scald Myself with Tea ( Czech : Zítra vstanu a opařím se čajem ) is a 1977 Czechoslovak comical science fiction film directed by Jindřich Polák .
Stateline Motel ( Italian : L'ultima chance , also known as Last Chance , Motel of Fear and Last Chance for a Born Loser ) is a 1973 Italian crime film directed by Maurizio Lucidi .
Il cavaliere misterioso ( also known as The Mysterious Cavalier and The Mysterious Rider ) is a 1948 Italian historical - adventure film directed by Riccardo Freda .
Pietà per chi cade ( i. e. `` Compassion for those who fall '' ) is a 1954 Italian melodrama film written and directed by Mario Costa and starring Amedeo Nazzari , Antonella Lualdi and Nadia Gray .
Cry of the Innocent is a 1980 American - Irish television film directed by Michael O'Herlihy and starring Rod Taylor , Joanna Pettet and Nigel Davenport .
Cold Souls is a 2009 comedy - drama film written and directed by Sophie Barthes .
At the End of the Night ( Italian : Alla fine della notte ) is a 2003 Italian drama film directed by Salvatore Piscicelli .
Vennela 1 1/2 ( Telugu : వెన్నెల 1 1/2 ) is a 2012 Telugu Film Directed by Comedian Vennela Kishore and produced by Vasu & Varma on GR8 Films Banner .
Magic Temple is a 1996 Filipino family - fantasy - adventure film directed by the acclaimed director Peque Gallaga and released by Star Cinema .
Butterfly on the Shoulder ( or Un papillon sur l'épaule ) is a French drama , thriller film directed by Jacques Deray .
Watchers 3 is the 1994 sequel to the horror film Watchers directed by Jeremy Stanford .
Anubavam Pudhumai ( Tamil : அனுபவம் புதுமை ) is a 1967 Indian Tamil film , directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by T. S. Sethuraman , K. N. Shanmugam and A. R. Thiyagarajan .
Bombay Velvet is a 2015 Indian period crime drama film directed and co - produced by Anurag Kashyap , based on historian Gyan Prakash 's book Mumbai Fables .
Cinderella Man is a 2005 American drama film by Ron Howard , titled after the nickname of heavyweight boxing champion James J. Braddock and inspired by his life story .
The Sea Vultures ( Swedish : Havsgamar and also known as Predators of the Sea ) is a 1916 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström .
That Kind of Woman ( 1959 ) is an American drama film directed by Sidney Lumet , who was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 9th Berlin International Film Festival .
Nalla is a 2004 Kannada romance - drama film directed by V. Nagendra Prasad featuring Sudeep and Sangeetha in the lead roles .
Aguner Poroshmoni is a 1994 film based on the novel of the same name written and directed by Humayun Ahmed .
Images of Liberation ( Danish : Befrielsesbilleder ) is a 1982 Danish drama film directed by Lars von Trier .
Bikini Cavegirl ( also known as Teenage Cavegirl ) is a softcore pornographic film made by Fred Olen Ray under the pseudonyms `` Nicholas Medina '' and `` Sherman Scott '' .
Lyrical Nitrate ( Dutch : Lyrisch Nitraat ) is a 1991 collage film by Peter Delpeut .
Talk About a Stranger is a 1952 American film noir released in and directed by David Bradley .
Gohine Shobdo ( Bengali : গহীনে শব্দ ) is a 2010 Bangladeshi film directed by Khalid Mahmood Mithu .
Y2 K ( Athoba , ' Sex Krome Aasitechhe ' ) is a 2000 Bengali short film from Satyajit Ray Film and Television Institute , written and directed by Chandril Bhattacharya .
Oh Islam ( Arabic : وا اسلاماه‎ , translit . Wa Islamah , and also released as Love and Faith ) is a 1961 Egyptian drama film directed by Enrico Bomba and Andrew Marton .
Fighter Attack is a 1953 American World War II film directed by Lesley Selander .
The Day Passed ( Azerbaijani : Gün Keçdi ) is a 1971 Azerbaijani romantic drama film directed by Arif Babayev .
The Silences of the Palace ( Tunisian Arabic : صمت القصور , Samt el qusur‎ ) is a 1994 Tunisian film written and directed by Moufida Tlatli .
Shudhu Tomari Jonyo ( Bengali : শুধু তোমারই জন্য ; lang - eng ) is a Bengali romantic drama film directed by Birsa Dasgupta and produced by Shree Venkatesh Films .
Le Chevalier des Neiges , known in English as The Knight of the Snows or The Knight of the Snow , is a 1912 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Iron Warrior ( aka Ator 3 : Iron Warrior ) is the third installment in the 4-film Ator film series , and the first not to be directed by Joe D'Amato ( instead it was directed by Alfonso Brescia ) .
The Denial is a 1925 American silent drama film directed by Hobart Henley .
Hotel alojamiento is a 1966 Argentine film comedy written by Augusto Giustozzi and Horacio de Dios and directed by Fernando Ayala .
Lo sai che i papaveri is a 1952 Italian comedy film by Vittorio Metz and Marcello Marchesi .
The Orphan Killer is a 2011 independent horror film written and directed by Matt Farnsworth .
Full Metal Yakuza is a 1997 Japanese action and satire film directed by Takashi Miike .
Searchers 2.0 is a 2007 road film directed by Alex Cox .
Of the Flesh ( Tagalog : Karnal ) is a 1983 Philippine drama film directed by Marilou Diaz - Abaya .
Lewat Djam Malam ( shown internationally as After the Curfew ) is a 1954 Indonesian film directed by Usmar Ismail and written by Asrul Sani .
Open Hearts ( Danish : Elsker dig for evigt ) , is a 2002 Danish drama film directed by Susanne Bier using the minimalist filmmaking techniques of the Dogme 95 manifesto .
Sweet Crude is a documentary film by Sandy Cioffi about Nigeria 's oil - rich Niger Delta .
Where Is Fred ? ( German : Wo ist Fred ? ) , also credited as Where Is Fred ! ? , is a 2006 German film directed by Anno Saul , and produced by Philip Voges and Eberhard Junkersdorf .
Rowdy Alludu ( English : Rowdy son - in - law ) is a 1991 Tollywood action comedy film directed by K. Raghavendra Rao .
Family Way ( Dutch : Alles is familie ; literally : `` Everything is Family '' ) is a 2012 Dutch comedy film directed by Joram Lürsen .
Chakra Theertha ( Kannada : ಚಕ್ರತೀರ್ಥ ) is a 1967 Indian Kannada film , directed by Peketi Sivaram .
American Scary is a 2006 American documentary film about the history and legacy of classic television horror hosts , written and directed by American independent filmmakers John E. Hudgens and Sandy Clark .
The Ballroom ( Portuguese : Chega de Saudade ) is a 2007 Brazilian - French romantic drama film directed by Laís Bodanzky .
Sidila Mari ( Kannada : ಸಿಡಿಲ ಮರಿ ) is a 1971 Indian Kannada film , directed and produced by B. S. Ranga .
Nee Thanda Kanike ( Kannada : ನೀ ತಂದ ಕಾಣಿಕೆ ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film , directed by Dwarakish and produced by Dwarakish .
Hay que casar a Paulina is a 1944 Argentine film directed by Manuel Romero .
The Paymaster 's Son is a surviving 1913 silent short drama film directed by Francis Ford and produced by Thomas H. Ince .
The Jones Family in Hollywood is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Malcolm St. Clair and written by Harold Tarshis .
Nothing but Life is a 2004 bilingual English and Malayalam film directed by Rajiv Anchal for an Indian production house dealing with matters of health .
Ventriloquist Cat is an MGM animated film , directed by Hollywood director Tex Avery .
The Bold Caballero is a 1936 adventure film written and directed by Wells Root .
Rainy Dog ( Gokudô kuroshakai ) is a Japanese movie directed by Takashi Miike .
Spotlight Scandals or Spotlight Revue is a 1943 American musical comedy film directed by William Beaudine .
Les raquetteurs is a 1958 Direct Cinema documentary film co - directed by Michel Brault and Gilles Groulx .
A Lucky Day ( Spanish : Un día de suerte ) is a 2002 Argentine - Italian drama film directed by Sandra Gugliotta , in her feature film debut , and written by Gugliotta and Marcelo Schapces .
Rusty Rides Alone is a 1933 American Pre - Code Western film , directed by D. Ross Lederman .
Big Request Concert ( German : Das große Wunschkonzert ) is a 1960 Austrian family film directed by Arthur Maria Rabenalt .
Latinologues is a play written by Rick Najera and directed by Cheech Marin .
Simple People ( Russian : Простые люди ) is a 1945 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg .
Los privilegiados ( `` The Privileged '' ) is a 1973 Mexican film directed by Gustavo Alatriste .
Neumi ( 느미 ) aka The Deaf Worker is a 1980 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Dancemaker is a 1998 American documentary film directed by Matthew Diamond about the career of choreographer Paul Taylor .
Neo Pornographia is a series of pornographic films directed by Michael Ninn and produced by his production company Ninn Worx .
The Pleasure Pit ( French : Les Chemins de Katmandou , Italian : Katmandu , also known as Dirty Dolls in Kathmandu , The Road to Katmandu and Ways of Katmandu ) is a 1969 French - Italian crime - drama film written and directed by André Cayatte .
The Photograph is an Indonesian feature film directed by Nan Achnas .
Chasing Ice is a 2012 documentary film about the efforts of nature photographer James Balog and his Extreme Ice Survey to publicize the effects of climate change , directed by Jeff Orlowski .
¡ Vampiros en La Habana ! ( English title : Vampires in Havana ) is a Cuban animated film directed by Juan Padrón .
Bug Crawls is a short film directed by David Lynch , released in 2007 on the DVD anthology Dynamic:01 .
Shake , Rattle & Roll XV is a 2014 Filipino supernatural horror film directed by Dondon Santos , Jerrold Tarog , and Perci Intalan .
Mask of Desire ( Nepali : मुकुण्डो ; Mukundo ) is a 2000 Nepali film directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa .
Shelter Dogs is a 2003 documentary film directed and produced by Cynthia Wade about animal welfare in the United States and the ethics of animal euthanasia .
Nation of Exiles is a 2010 American documentary film written and directed by filmmaker Bavand Karim .
La Séparation is a 1994 French romantic drama film directed by Christian Vincent and based on the novel La Séparation by Dan Franck .
Dog Treat ( Chinese : 狗請客 ) is a black and white Chinese animation made in 1924 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan .
Zamaana Deewana ( English : Crazy World ) is a 1995 Hindi comedy movie produced by G. P. Sippy on Sippy Films banner and directed by Ramesh Sippy .
Knight - mare Hare is a 1955 animated cartoon short released by Warner Bros. Cartoons in the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Tedd Pierce .
The White Hell ( Turkish : Beyaz Cehennem ) is a 1954 Turkish crime adventure film directed by Metin Erksan , based on the novel by Peyami Safa .
Personal Tailor ( Chinese : 私人订制 ) is a 2013 Chinese comedy film directed by Feng Xiaogang and starring Ge You , Bai Baihe , Li Xiaolu and Zheng Kai .
The Legend of Hercules is a 2014 American 3D action fantasy film directed by Renny Harlin and written by Daniel Giat and Sean Hood .
A Lousy Ten Grand is a 2004 Vanguard Productions movie written by , directed and starring the stand - up comedian Kelly Monteith .
Mujrim ( Hindi : मुजरिम , Urdu : مجرم , translation : Criminal ) is an Indian Bollywood movie released on 28 June 1989 , directed by Umesh Mehra .
The Exile of Bar - K Ranch is a 1915 American short Western film directed by B. Reeves Eason .
Story from Croatia ( Croatian : Priča iz Hrvatske ; abroad also distributed under title Idaho Potato , after English - named rock band led by the film 's protagonist ) is a 1991 Croatian film directed by Krsto Papić .
Three Fingered Jenny is a 1916 American silent short mystery directed by Edward LeSaint written by Harvey Gates .
Eye of the Stalker ( a.k.a . Moment of Truth : Eye of the Stalker and Eye of the Stalker : A Moment of Truth Story ) is a 1995 made - for - TV thriller film directed by Reza Badiyi .
La diosa de Tahití ( The Goddess of Tahiti ) also known as Los chacales de la Isla Verde ( The Jackals of Isla Verde ) , is a Mexican drama film directed by Juan Orol .
Lost Song is a 2008 film by Canadian director Rodrigue Jean , his third long feature after Full Blast and Yellowknife .
The Invisible Life ( Portuguese : A Vida Invisível ) is a Portuguese feature length drama film directed by Vítor Gonçalves and produced by the Portuguese production company Rosa Filmes .
Hello Elephant ( Italian : Buongiorno , elefante ! ) is a 1952 Italian comedy film directed by Gianni Franciolini .
Kraurya ( Kannada : ಕ್ರೌರ್ಯ ; English : The Tale of a Storyteller ) is a 1996 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Girish Kasaravalli , based on a story written by T. N. Seetharam about an old woman who has to deal with complex relationships with people of different generations she is put up with .
Julia 's Eyes ( Spanish : Los ojos de Julia ) is a 2010 Spanish horror film directed by Guillem Morales and written by Morales and Oriol Paulo .
Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara ( English : Is n't this what you wished for , Balakumara ? ) , also referred to as Idhaaba , is an Indian Tamil comedy film , written and directed by Gokul of Rowthiram fame .
Aaltoska orkaniseeraa ( English : Mrs. Aaltonen Organises ) was a 1949 Finnish film directed by Edvin Laine and written by Toivo Kauppinen .
Man in Demand on All Sides ( Pán na roztrhání ) is a 1934 Czechoslovak film , directed by Miroslav Cikán .
Adam & Eva is a 1997 Swedish romantic comedy film written and directed by Hannes Holm and Måns Herngren .
Rentun Ruusu ( English : The Rose of the Rascal ) is a 2001 Finnish biographical film drama directed and written by Timo Koivusalo .
Murder on the Campus is a 1933 American Pre - Code mystery film directed by Richard Thorpe .
The Temptation of St. Tony ( Estonian : Püha Tõnu kiusamine ) is a 2009 Estonian film written and directed by Veiko Õunpuu , starring Taavi Eelmaa .
Sexy Susan Sins Again ( German : Frau Wirtin hat auch einen Grafen , Italian : Susanna ... ed i suoi dolci vizi alla corte del re ) is a 1968 Austrian - Italian costume drama - adventure - sex comedy film directed by Franz Antel .
The Dance of Life was shot at Paramount 's Astoria Studios in Astoria , Queens , and included Technicolor sequences , directed by John Cromwell and A. Edward Sutherland .
Public Wedding is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Nick Grinde and written by Roy Chanslor and Houston Branch .
How Do I Look is a 2006 American documentary directed by Wolfgang Busch .
Panchagni ( English : Five Fires ) ( Malayalam:പഞ്ചാഗ്നി ) is a 1986 Malayalam film scripted by M.T. Vasudevan Nair and directed by Hariharan , music by Bombay Ravi and lyrics by O N V Kurup .
Nachavule ( Telugu : నచ్చావులే ) is a 2008 Telugu film directed by Ravi Babu and produced by Ramoji Rao .
Xero Error also known as Levity - Xero Error Minus1 is a computer generated science fiction film created and directed by Ashraf Ghori .
Zombieland is a 2009 American zombie comedy film directed by Ruben Fleischer from a screenplay written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick .
Michman Panin ( Russian : Мичман Панин , or Warrant Officer Panin ) , is a 1960 Soviet military drama film , directed by Mikhail Schweitzer .
The Last Bolshevik ( French : Le Tombeau d'Alexandre ) is a 1992 French documentary film about director Aleksandr Medvedkin , directed by Chris Marker .
Father of Four and Uncle Sofus ( Danish : Far til fire og onkel Sofus ) is a 1957 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin .
The Hour of the Pig is a 1993 British / French film by writer / director Leslie Megahey , produced by the BBC .
For the Love of Nancy is a 1994 television film directed by Paul Schneider .
Superargo Versus Diabolicus ( Italian : Superargo contro Diabolikus , Spanish : Superargo , el hombre enmascarado ) is a 1966 Italian - Spanish science fiction - Superhero film written and directed by Nick Nostro .
The Lady from Yesterday is a 1985 American television drama film directed by Robert Day and starring Wayne Rogers and Bonnie Bedelia .
The Fight for Freedom is a 1908 Western film probably directed by D. W. Griffith .
I Do n't Want to Sleep Alone ( Chinese : 黑眼圈 Hēi yǎn quān ) is a 2006 Malaysian - Taiwanese romantic drama film written and directed by Tsai Ming - liang .
The Shadow of Silk Lennox is a 1935 American gangster movie by Ray Kirkwood and Jack Nelson .
Quackser Fortune Has a Cousin in the Bronx is a 1970 Irish - American comedy film directed by Waris Hussein and written by Gabriel Walsh .
Das Rad ( English title : Rocks ) is a German animated film written and directed by Chris Stenner , Arvid Uibel and Heidi Wittlinger .
The Unknown Men of San Marino ( Italian : Lo Sconosciuto di San Marino ) is a 1946 Italian drama film directed by Polish director Michał Waszyński .
Thanmathra ( Malayalam : തന്മാത്ര , English : Molecule ) is a 2005 Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy , based on Padmarajan 's short story `` Orma '' , which portrays the effects of Alzheimer 's disease on the life of an individual and his family .
The East Frisian Report ( German : Der Ostfriesen - Report : O mei , haben die Ostfriesen Riesen ) is a 1973 German sex comedy and road film directed by Walter Boos .
The Upthrown Stone ( Hungarian : Feldobott kő ) is a 1969 Hungarian drama film directed by Sándor Sára .
In Old Chicago is a 1938 American drama film directed by Henry King .
Conker 's Bad Fur Day was developed by Rare and directed by Chris Seavor .
Better Living Through Circuitry is a 1999 documentary directed by Jon Reiss about the electronic dance music cultural scene of the 90 's .
Sulang Kirilli ( The Wind Bird ) is a 2002 Sinhalese language feature film directed by Inoka Sathyangani which won many Sri Lankan and international awards , deals with a village girl employed in a garment factory , who is caught up between the legal limits of abortion and societal reactions to an out - of - wedlock birth .
Jungle Ka Jawahar ( Hero of the Forest ) is a 1953 Hindi action adventure film directed by Homi Wadia and produced by Basant Pictures .
The Heroic Ones is a 1970 Hong Kong Shaw Brothers Studio martial arts film directed by Chang Cheh .
The Fishing Bell ( Hungarian : Halálcsengö ) is a 1917 Hungarian film directed by Michael Curtiz .
La muchachada de a bordo ( English language : Boys on Board ) is a 1936 Argentine comedy film directed and written by Manuel Romero .
Two Cops ( Hangul : 투캅스 ; RR : Tu Kapseu ) is a 1993 South Korean action / comedy film directed by Kang Woo - suk .
Le Wazzou polygame ( also known as Polygamic Wazzou or The Polygamist 's Morale ) is a 1971 Nigerien / French film about polygamy directed by and starring Oumarou Ganda .
Walky Talky Hawky is a Henery Hawk / Foghorn Leghorn animated short film from Warner Bros. released in 1946 and directed by Robert McKimson .
Thoovanathumbikal ( Malayalam : തൂവാനത്തുമ്പികൾ , English : Dragonflies in the Spraying Rain ) is a 1987 Malayalam romantic film written and directed by P. Padmarajan , based on his own novel Udakappola .
Srigala Item ( Indonesian for Black Wolf , also advertised with the Dutch title De Zwarte Wolf ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies that was directed by Tan Tjoei Hock and produced by The Teng Chun for Action Film .
Love You You is a 2011 Chinese romantic comedy film directed and written by Jingle Ma , starring Peng Yuyan , Angelababy , Zhu Yuchen , and Zhou Yang .
Speed Wings is a 1934 American Pre - Code action film , directed by Otto Brower .
Sole nudo ( English : Naked Sun ) is a 1984 Italian - Brazilian film written and directed by Tonino Cervi .
Beeba Boys is a 2015 Canadian crime thriller film written and directed by Deepa Mehta .
Tera Naam Mera Naam is a 1988 Hindi language romance comedy film directed by Ramesh Talwar .
The Treasure of Bengal ( Italian : Il tesoro del Bengala , French : Le trésor du Bengale ) is a 1954 Italian - French adventure film directed by Gianni Vernuccio and starring Sabu .
Amor se dice cantando ( `` Love is Said Singing '' ) is a 1959 Mexican- Argentine comedy - drama film directed by Miguel Morayta and written by María Luisa Algarra .
In Pursuit of Honor is a 1995 made - for - cable movie directed by Ken Olin .
Madly Bangalee is a Bengali 2009 rock musical film directed by Anjan Dutt .
Tracked by Bloodhounds ; or , A Lynching at Cripple Creek a 1904 silent crime drama short film directed by Harry H. Buckwalter .
Yoru no kiba ( 夜の牙 ) is a 1958 color Japanese film directed by Umetsugu Inoue .
The book was adapted into the 1991 TV movie And the Sea Will Tell , directed by Tommy Lee Wallace .
Professor Larousse is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Mutz Greenbaum and starring Victor Colani , Erwin Fichtner and Erich Kaiser - Titz .
A Little Thing Called Murder is a 2006 drama television film starring Judy Davis and Jonathan Jackson and directed by Richard Benjamin .
Haunting Me ( Thai : หอแต๋วแตก ; rtgs : Ho Taeo Taek ) is a 2007 Thai horror - comedy film directed by Poj Arnon .
Indonesia Malaise is a 1931 film directed by the Wong brothers .
Zabardast is an Indian film directed by Nasir Hussain and produced by Mushir - Riaz released in 1985 .
Leeches ! is a 2003 horror film directed by David DeCoteau .
Alice Gets Stung is a 1925 animated short film by Walt Disney in the Alice Comedies series .
A Film with No Name ( Serbian : Za Sada Bez Dobrog Naslova ) is a 1988 Yugoslav drama film directed by Srđan Karanović .
Wondrous Boccaccio ( Italian : Maraviglioso Boccaccio ) is an 2015 italian film directed by Paolo and Vittorio Taviani .
Seemanthini ( Tamil : சீமந்தினி ) is a 1936 Tamil film directed by Ellis R. Dungan and starring T. P. Rajalakshmi .
Hell and Back Again is a 2011 American - British - Afghan documentary film produced , shot , and directed by Danfung Dennis , about a sergeant in the United States Marines Corps who returns from the Afghanistan conflict with a badly broken leg and post - traumatic stress disorder .
Between the Canals is an Irish crime film written and directed by Mark O'Connor .
Raattinam is a 2012 Tamil romantic drama film , directed by K.S.Thangasamy , starring Laguparan and Swathy .
The Dragonfly Is Not an Insect ( Spanish : La Cigarra no es un bicho , US title The Games Men Play ) is a 1963 Argentine drama film directed by Daniel Tinayre .
Tom - ic Energy is a 1965 cartoon directed and produced by Chuck Jones .
Robin Hood of Texas is a 1947 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by John K. Butler and Earle Snell .
Kanchana Sita ( Malayalam : കാഞ്ചനസീത , English : Golden Sita ) is a 1977 Indian Malayalam feature - length film scripted and directed by G. Aravindan .
The Fire Patrol is surviving 1924 silent film melodrama directed by Hunt Stromberg and starring Anna Q. Nilsson .
Priests Ćira and Spira ( Serbo - Croatian : ' ' Pop Ćira i pop Spira '' ) is a 1957 Yugoslav film directed by Soja Jovanović .
They Raid by Night is a 1942 American low - budget World War II film from Producers Releasing Corporation , directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet .
Two - Gun of the Tumbleweed is a 1927 silent western directed by and starring Leo D. Maloney and distributed by Pathé Exchange .
The Shrine of Ultimate Bliss , also known as Stoner , A Man Called Stoner , and Hong Kong Hitman ( Chinese : 鐵金剛大破紫陽觀 ) is a 1974 Hong Kong action film which was produced by Raymond Chow and directed by Huang Feng .
Naan Thaan Siva is an upcoming Tamil thriller film directed by R. Panneerselvam and produced by Thirupathi Brothers .
Liane , Jungle Goddess ( German Liane , das Mädchen aus dem Urwald ) is a 1956 West German film directed by Eduard von Borsody .
Anybody 's War is a 1930 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Richard Wallace and written by Lloyd Corrigan , Hector Turnbull and Walter Weems .
The Paper Wedding ( French : Les noces de papier ) is a 1989 made for television Canadian film directed by Michel Brault , screenplay by Jefferson Lewis .
Jagadeka Veeruni Katha ( Telugu : జగదేకవీరుని కధ ) is a 1961 Telugu Drama film directed and produced by Kadiri Venkata Reddy under the banner of Vijaya Pictures .
Kati Patang ( Cut Kite ) is an 1970 Indian film produced and directed by Shakti Samanta .
Swarg ( Hindi : स्वर्ग , Urdu : سورگ , translation : Heaven ) is a 1990 Indian Bollywood film directed by David Dhawan , released on 18 May 1990 .
Darkness in Tallinn ( a.k.a . `` City Unplugged'')(Estonian language : Tallinn pimeduses ) is a 1993 feature film , a satirical political thriller directed by Ilkka Järvi - Laturi and written by Paul Kolsby .
All in All Azhagu Raja ( 2013 ) is a Tamil romantic comedy film written and directed by M. Rajesh .
Magic to Win ( Chinese : 開心魔法 , meaning `` Happy Magic '' ) is a 2011 Hong Kong film directed by Wilson Yip .
The Dealer from Amsterdam ( German : Der Trödler von Amsterdam ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Victor Janson and starring Werner Krauss , Hilde Hildebrand and Harry Hardt .
Angel Enforcers ( Chinese : Wong ga fei fung ) is a 1989 Hong Kong action film directed by Godfrey Ho and starring Pan Pan Yeung and Pauline Wong , in which female agents battle a gang of diamond thieves .
Too Much Wife is a 1922 American comedy silent film directed by Thomas N. Heffron and written by Percy Heath and Lorna Moon .
The Leech ( Arabic : Shabab emraa‎ , also known as A Woman 's Youth ) is a 1956 Egyptian drama film directed by Salah Abu Seif .
Hare Splitter is a 1948 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short directed by Friz Freleng .
The Muslims Are Coming ! is a 2013 American comedy documentary film co - directed and co - starring Negin Farsad and Dean Obeidallah .
The Miner 's Curse , or the Bush Wedding is a 1911 Australian silent film directed by Alfred Rolfe set during the Australian Gold Rush .
Le Guignolo is a 1980 French - Italian comedy film directed by Georges Lautner .
Tub Girls is a 1967 American avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol .
Prípad Barnabáš Kos ( The Case of Barnabáš Kos ) is a 1964 Czechoslovak film directed by Peter Solan .
Srabon Megher Din ( Bengali : শ্রাবন মেঘের দিন - English : A Rainy Day of the Month Srabon ) is a Bangladeshi drama film based on the Novel of Humayun Ahmed .
Der alte und der junge König ( The Old and the Young King ) is a German historical film by Hans Steinhoff , made under Nazi rule in 1935 .
The Young and Prodigious T.S. Spivet is a 2013 Franco - Canadian - Australian adventure drama film directed by Jean - Pierre Jeunet and co - written with Guillaume Laurant , based on the book The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet , written by Reif Larsen .
Sri Anjaneyam(Telugu : శ్రీ ఆంజనేయం ) is a Telugu film directed and produced by Krishna Vamsi .
Two Mafiosi Against Goldfinger or Due mafiosi contro Goldginger is a 1965 Italian Spanish international co - production Eurospy comedy film directed by Giorgio Simonelli .
The Flicker is a 1966 experimental film by Tony Conrad .
Roll , Freddy , Roll ! is a 1974 American TV film directed by Bill Persky .
The Adventures of Jane Arden is a 1939 American crime film directed by Terry O. Morse and written by Vincent Sherman , Lawrence Kimble and Charles W. Curran .
Kshana Kshana ( Kannada : ಕ್ಷಣ ಕ್ಷಣ ) is a 2007 Indian Kannada language crime thriller film directed by Sunil Kumar Desai and produced by B. R. Thirumalai .
Dhunia Tirutabur is an Assamese movie directed by Prodyut Kumar Deka and produced by Prodyut Kumar Deka & Pankaj Kalita under Arc Lights .
Inside Fighting China is a 1941 Canadian short documentary film directed by Stuart Legg , and narrated by Lorne Greene .
I Dream Too Much is a 1935 romantic comedy film directed by John Cromwell .
Shuzhendong Chinese Typewriter ( simplified Chinese : 舒振东华文打字机 ; traditional Chinese : 舒振東華文打字機 ; pinyin : Shūzhèngdōng Huáwén Dǎzìjī ) is the first Chinese animation ever made in 1922 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan .
Speed Cross is a 1980 Italian crime - action film directed by Stelvio Massi .
Dangerous Twins is a 2004 Nigerian drama film produced by Tade Ogidan , written and directed by Niji Akanni .
Earth vs. the Spider ( also known as The Spider and Earth vs. the Giant Spider ) is a 1958 American black - and - white science fiction - horror film produced and directed by Bert I. Gordon , who also wrote the story , upon which the screenplay by George Worthing Yates and Laszlo Gorog is based .
Two Tickets to Broadway is a 1951 American Technicolor musical film directed by James V. Kern and filmed on the RKO Forty Acres backlot .
Western Heritage is a 1948 American Western directed by Wallace Grissell .
Mystery , Alaska is a 1999 comedy - drama film directed by Jay Roach about an amateur ice hockey team , from the fictional small - town of Mystery , that plays an exhibition game against the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League .
Hasida Hebbuli ( Kannada : ಹಸಿದ ಹೆಬ್ಬುಲಿ ) is a 1983 Indian Kannada film , directed by S. A. Chandrasekhar and produced by Venkataram .
A Woman for 24 Hours ( German : Die Frau für 24 Stunden ) is a 1925 German silent drama film directed by Reinhold Schünzel and starring Lotte Neumann , Harry Liedtke and Kurt Vespermann .
Meet Dr. Christian is a 1939 American film directed by Bernard Vorhaus , the first of six films in the Dr. Christian series .
AGO Flugzeugwerke was a German aircraft manufacturing company from 1911 until 1945 .
The Electorate of Bavaria ( German : Kurfürstentum Bayern ) was an independent hereditary electorate of the Holy Roman Empire from 1623 to 1806 , when it was succeeded by the Kingdom of Bavaria .
In 1969 , it was divided in two new universities : the University of Rennes 1 the University of Rennes 2 --
In 1938 , under intense pressure of the Nazis ' Aryanization policy , Mendelssohn & Co. were forced to hand over their assets to Deutsche Bank , and eventually to shut down .
The North American Football Confederation was founded in 1946 and a forerunner to the CONCACAF as the governing body of football in North America until 1961 , when it merged with the Confederación Centroamericana y del Caribe de Fútbol ( CCCF ) to form CONCACAF .
The Arbeitsrat für Kunst ( German : ' Workers council for art ' or ' Art Soviet ' ) was a union of architects , painters , sculptors and art writers , who were based in Berlin from 1918 to 1921 .
The County of Artois ( French : comté d'Artois , Dutch : graafschap Artesië ) was an historic province of the Kingdom of France , held by the Dukes of Burgundy from 1384 until 1477/82 , and a state of the Holy Roman Empire from 1493 until 1659 .
The Central Finland Province ( Finnish : Keski - Suomen lääni , Swedish : Mellersta Finlands län ) was a province of Finland from 1960 to 1997 .
In 1991 North Carolina National Bank acquired C&S / Sovran Corp. and took the new name , NationsBank .
The Zoological Garden of Hamburg ( German : Zoologischer Garten zu Hamburg ) was a zoo in Hamburg , Germany that operated from 1863 until 1930 .
The Esculapeus was a British automobile manufactured for one year only , 1902 .
The Hilfspolizei ( abbreviated Hipo ; literally : auxiliary police ) was a short - lived auxiliary police force in Nazi Germany in 1933 .
Thomas Cook AG was the parent company of Thomas Cook UK & Ireland , Condor Airlines and other such subsidiaries until 12 February 2007 when it merged with MyTravel Group PLC . The new combined company was named Thomas Cook Group plc and was listed on the London Stock Exchange .
JMT Records ( an acronym of Jazz Music Today ) was a German record label , based in Munich and founded by producer Stefan F. Winter , that specialised in contemporary jazz and operated from 1985 until 1995 .
The Taifa of Constantina and Hornachuelos was a medieval taifa kingdom that existed , in what is now southern Spain , from around 1143 to 1150 when it was conquered by the Almohads .
The Providence Grays were a Major League Baseball team based in Providence , Rhode Island who played in the National League from 1878 until 1885 .
The Avonside Engine Company was a locomotive manufacturer in Avon Street , St. Philip 's , Bristol , England between 1864 and 1934 .
The World Badminton Federation is a former badminton organization , it was founded in February 1978 and ceased its operation on May 26 , 1981 after it merged with the International Badminton Federation ( now known as Badminton World Federation or BWF ) .
Transavia Corporation was an Australian aircraft manufacturer active between 1965 and 1985 .
Mirrorsoft was bought by Acclaim Entertainment in 1992 , the year following Maxwell 's death .
Eretnids ( Turkish plural ; Eretnaoğulları ) was an Anatolian beylik that succeeded the Ilkhanid governors in Anatolia and that ruled in a large region extending between Caesarea ( Kayseri ) , Sebastea ( Sivas ) and Amaseia ( Amasya ) in Central Anatolia between 1328 - -1381 .
Plymouth Colony ( sometimes New Plymouth , or Plymouth Bay Colony ) was an English colonial venture in North America from 1620 to 1691 .
Webvan was an online `` credit and delivery '' grocery business that went bankrupt in 2001 .
The London Passenger Transport Board ( LPTB ) was the organisation responsible for local public transport in London , UK , and its environs from 1933 to 1948 .
Togoland was a German protectorate in West Africa from 1884 to 1914 , encompassing what is now the nation of Togo and most of what is now the Volta Region of Ghana .
The Republic of Maryland ( also known as the Independent State of Maryland ) was a small nation which existed from 1854 to 1857 , when it was merged into what is now Liberia .
The Frankford Yellow Jackets were a professional American football team , part of the National Football League from 1924 to 1931 , though its origin dates back to as early as 1899 with the Frankford Athletic Association .
ALM Antillean Airlines ( Dutch : Antilliaanse Luchtvaart Maatschappij ) was the main airline of the Netherlands Antilles between its foundation in 1964 and its shut - down in 2001 , operating out of Aruba , Bonaire , and Curaçao .
The Montoneros were effectively finished off by 1977 , although their `` Special Forces '' did fight on until 1981 .
Włocławek Voivodeship ( Polish : województwo włocławskie ) was a unit of administrative division and local government in Poland in years 1975 - -1998 , superseded by Kuyavian - Pomeranian Voivodeship .
FC Bârlad was a Romanian professional football club from Bârlad , Vaslui County , Romania , founded in 2005 and dissolved in 2009 .
Warner P. Woodworth is a professor in the Department of Organizations Leadership and Strategy in the Marriott School of Management at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Nicholas J. Belkin is a professor at the School of Communication and Information at Rutgers University .
Sarah Falkland is a British television journalist , working as a reporter and newsreader for BBC Midlands Today for the West Midlands Region .
Valentine Snow ( 1685 - -1759 ) was the trumpeter for George Frideric Handel .
Hyam Plutzik ( July 13 , 1911 - - January 8 , 1962 ) , a Pulitzer prize finalist , was a poet and Professor of English at the University of Rochester .
Hermann Weber served as Professor for Political Sciences and Contemporary History at the University of Mannheim from 1975 till his formal retirement in 1993 .
Norman Swartz ( born 1939 ) is a professor emeritus ( retired 1998 ) of philosophy , Simon Fraser University .
Claudia Märtl ( born July 3 , 1954 , Amberg ) is a professor of Medieval history at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich .
Peverill Squire is the Hicks and Martha Griffiths Chair in American Political Institutions at the University of Missouri , a political scientist well known for his work on legislative institutions , with specific focus on state legislatures .
Christopher Gutteridge is a Systems , Information and Web programmer , part of the IT Innovation team in the School of Electronics and Computer Science at the University of Southampton .
Bo Barrett ( born James P. Barrett ) is the current winemaker of Chateau Montelena .
Henryk Iwaniec ( born October 9 , 1947 ) is a Polish American mathematician , and since 1987 a professor at Rutgers University .
Greg Parker ( born 1954 ) was a Professor of Photonics at the University of Southampton , Hampshire , England in September 2010 after 23 years of research and lecturing .
Renee Marlin - Bennett ( born September 29 , 1959 ) , is a professor of Political Science at Johns Hopkins University .
Raymond Grew is a social historian of France and Italy and a Professor of History Emeritus at the University of Michigan .
Karl Sigmund ( b. July 26 , 1945 in Gars am Kamp , Lower Austria ) is a Professor of Mathematics at the University of Vienna and one of the pioneers of evolutionary game theory .
Klaus Heine is a lecturer in luxury marketing , luxury brand management , brand personality and brand identity at the Technical University of Berlin and works as an independent consultant specializing in luxury brand management .
Gertrud Bing ( 1892 - -1964 ) was a scholar and Director of the Warburg Institute .
Paul Larson is currently a senior researcher in the Database Group of Microsoft Research .
Ingo Walter is a professor of finance , corporate governance and ethics as well as Vice Dean of Faculty at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
Sana Safi ( ثنا ساپۍ - born 1989 ) is an Afghan broadcast journalist , currently working for BBC World Service .
Venu Srinivasan is an Indian Industrialist , who is the Chairman of Sundaram - Clayton Group which includes TVS Motor Company , the third largest two wheeler manufacturer in India and also companies that manufacture automotive components in India .
Simon Nicholls ( born 1977 in London ) is a radio and TV comedy producer at the BBC .
Johannes Gehrke is Tisch University Professor of computer science at Cornell University and a Distinguished Engineer at Microsoft , who works in the areas of database systems , data privacy and data mining .
George L. Kelling is an American criminologist , a professor emeritus in the School of Criminal Justice at Rutgers University--
Razia Iqbal ( born 1962 ) is a journalist employed by BBC News .
Irving Bernstein ( November 15 , 1916 -- September 25 , 2001 ) was an American professor of political science at the University of California , Los Angeles and a noted labor historian .
Bruce W. Stallsmith is a professor of biology at the University of Alabama in Huntsville ( UAH ) in Huntsville , Alabama and served as the 2000 - -2008 president of the North American Native Fishes Association ( NANFA ) .
Wolfgang Marguerre ( born 1941 ) is a German billionaire businessman , the chairman and owner of the Octapharma Group
Joanne Larson holds the Michael W. Scandling Professorship at the University of Rochester Margaret Warner Graduate School of Education and Human Development .
Gustav Anrich ( 2 December 1867 in Rountzenheim , Alsace -- 13 November 1930 in Tübingen ) was a German church historian from Alsace , who served as rector of both the University of Strasbourg and the University of Tübingen ( 1928 - -1929 ) .
The next year , 1949 , Ernst Engelberg was appointed Professor for the `` History of the German Labour Movement '' at Leipzig University , where colleagues included Hans Mayer ( an old comrade from their time in Geneva ) , Ernst Bloch and Walter Markov , along with Werner Krauß , Wieland Herzfelde and Hermann Budzislawski .
Peter M. Haas ( born January 23 , 1955 ) is a professor of Political Science at the University of Massachusetts Amherst and the Karl Deutsch Visiting Professor at the Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin .
Mahmoud Nili Ahmadabadi is a professor of Metallurgy at the University of Tehran , and current Chancellor of the University of Tehran .
Denise Sheer was appointed Professor of Human Genetics at The Institute of Cell and Molecular Science at Queen Mary , University of London in November 2006 .
Sheridan Morley worked as a late - night newscaster for ITN from 1965 , before moving to the BBC to present Late Night Line - Up for BBC 2 from 1967 to 1971 , alongside Joan Bakewell and Tony Bilbow .
Robert Hale Ives Goddard , III ( 1941 - - ) is curator emeritus in the Department of Anthropology of the National Museum of Natural History at the Smithsonian Institution .
Patricia Forsythe is the Executive Director of the Sydney Business Chamber since September 2006 .
Philippe Kruchten ( born 1952 ) is a Canadian software engineer , and Professor of Software Engineering at University of British Columbia in Vancouver , Canada , known as Director of Process Development ( RUP ) at Rational Software , and developer of the 4 + 1 Architectural View Model .
Maciej Zworski is an American , Canadian mathematician , currently a professor of mathematics at the University of California , Berkeley .
James John Miles ( born 1959 ) is a Professor of Computer Engineering in the School of Computer Science at the University of Manchester where he is currently head of department and a member of the Nano Engineering & Storage Technology Research Group ( NEST ) .
William Freer Bale ( 1911 -- 28 June 1982 ) , biophysicist and educator , held key positions in the Atomic Energy Project at the University of Rochester .
Anthony W. Norman is a distinguished professor emeritus of biochemistry and biomedical sciences at the University of California , Riverside and one of the world 's foremost experts on vitamin D.
George Varghese ( born 1960 ) is a Principal Researcher at Microsoft Research .
Guy Schrans ( born 25 November 1937 , in Ghent ) is emeritus Professor at Ghent University ( Ghent , Belgium ) , liberal politician and lawyer at the Brussels bar .
Augustin Bea , S.J. ( 28 May 1881 - 16 November 1968 ) , was a German Jesuit priest and scholar at the Pontifical Gregorian University specialising in biblical studies and biblical archeology .
Bernadette Wegenstein ( born 1969 ) , is a Research Professor and director of the Center for Advanced Media Studies at Johns Hopkins University .
Moustafa Bayoumi is an award - winning writer , and associate professor of English at Brooklyn College , City University of New York .
Ted Steinberg ( born 1961 ) is Adeline Barry Davee Distinguished Professor of History and Professor of Law at Case Western Reserve University .
Kenneth J. Pienta is the Donald S. Coffey Professor of Urology at the Brady Urological Institute of the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
Kimberlé Williams Crenshaw ( born 1959 ) is an American scholar in the field of critical race theory , and a professor at UCLA School of Law and Columbia Law School , where she specializes in race and gender issues .
Natalia Molina is Associate Professor in the Department of History and Urban Studies at the University of California , San Diego ( UCSD ) .
Sheng He ( born 1964 , China ) is a Professor of Psychology in the Department of Psychology , University of Minnesota .
William Malone Baskervill ( 1850 - -1899 ) was a writer and professor of the English language and literature at Vanderbilt University .
Alexander Markovich Polyakov ( Russian : Алекса́ндр Ма́ркович Поляко́в ; born 27 September 1945 ) is a theoretical physicist , formerly at the Landau Institute in Moscow and , since 1990 , at Princeton University .
Julia Barfield ( born 1952 ) is a British architect and director of Marks Barfield Architects , established in 1989 .
John Turitzin is a corporate executive currently working at Marvel Entertainment .
John Emigh ( born 3 September 1941 ) is Professor Emeritus from the Departments of Theatre , Speech and Dance and of English at Brown University , Providence , Rhode Island .
Gary O'Donoghue is an English journalist , currently working for BBC News as their Washington , D.C. political correspondent .
Marion Talbot ( July 31 , 1858 -- October 20 , 1948 ) was Dean of Women at the University of Chicago from 1895 to 1925 , and an influential leader in the higher education of women in the United States during the early 20th century .
Thomas S. Popkewitz ( born August 16 , 1940 ) is a curriculum theorist and professor from the United States of America , on the faculty at the University of Wisconsin-- Madison School of Education .
Louise Cochrane ( 22 December 1918 -- 13 February 2012 ) was an American - born writer and television producer best known for creating the BBC Children 's TV programme Rag , Tag and Bobtail in the early 1950s .
Carolyn Cohen is a Professor Emeritus of Biology at Brandeis University .
Steven Fine is a historian of Judaism in the Greco - Roman World and a professor at Yeshiva University .
Kevin Dreyer is an American lighting designer of dance , theatre , opera and film , Associate Professor of Theatre at the University of Notre Dame and resident Lighting Designer for the Notre Dame Shakespeare Festival .
Joseph Cropsey ( New York , August 27 , 1919 -- Washington , D.C. , July 1 , 2012 ) was an American political philosopher and emeritus professor of political science at the University of Chicago , where he was also associate director of the John M. Olin Center for Inquiry into the Theory and Practice of Democracy .
Delfin Ganapin , Jr. works for the United Nations in the Global Environment Facility Small Grants Program .
Donald Ferlys Wilson Baden - Powell ( 5 October 1897 -- 11 September 1973 ) , son of Sir George Smyth Baden - Powell , was a geologist who taught geology and palaeolithic archaeology at the University of Oxford .
Ronald W. Yeung ( born 1945 ) is a Distinguished Professor of Hydromechanics and Ocean Engineering at the University of California , Berkeley .
Sir Nathan Bodington ( 29 May 1848 -- 12 May 1911 ) was the first Vice Chancellor of the University of Leeds having been Principal and Professor of Greek at the Yorkshire College since 1883 .
Professor Stewart Jay holds the Pendleton Miller chair in law at the University of Washington School of Law , where he has taught since 1980 .
Robert Mohr ( 5 April 1897 -- 5 February 1977 ) was an interrogation specialist of the Gestapo .
Vanessa Friedman ( born 1968 ) is Fashion Director and Chief Fashion Critic at The New York Times .
Adrian Forty is a Professor of Architectural History at The Bartlett , the Faculty of the Built Environment at University College London , now retired .
Géry van Outryve d'Ydewalle is a Belgian scientist and professor of the Laboratory for experimental psychology at the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven ( Leuven ) .
Susan Stamberg ( born September 7 , 1938 ) is an American radio journalist who is a Special Correspondent for National Public Radio and guest host for Weekend Edition Saturday .
Johannes Stöffler ( also Stöfler , Stoffler , Stoeffler ) ( 10 December 1452 -- 16 February 1531 ) was a German mathematician , astronomer , astrologer , priest , maker of astronomical instruments and professor at the University of Tübingen .
Christopher Ruddy is the CEO of Newsmax Media which publishes Newsmax.com and broadcasts the Newsmax TV network .
Raisedon Zenenga is the United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Somalia .
Frederic Ewen ( 1899 -- October 18 , 1988 ) was an English professor at Brooklyn College from 1930 to 1952 .
Maria do Valle Ribeiro is the United Nations Deputy Special Representative in Guinea - Bissau .
Martin Bobrow CBE , FRS ( born 6 February 1938 ) is a British geneticist , and Emeritus Fellow , Wolfson College , Cambridge .
Ruth Boynton ( 1896 -- 1977 ) was a physician , researcher , and administrator who spent almost her entire career at the University of Minnesota .
After serving as an officer in the U.S. Marine Corps , Howard Sanderford became an executive with IBM and is now President of Computer Leasing Company , Inc. He and his wife Dot are active in their church , First Baptist Church of Huntsville .
Maurice Godelier ( born February 28 , 1934 ) is a French anthropologist who works as the Director of Studies at the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences .
Erich E. Kunhardt Grullon ( May 31 , 1949 -- August 4 , 2014 ) was a Dominican American physicist who was Professor of applied physics at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University and a special advisor to the Institute 's President .
Windfields Farm was a six square kilometre ( 1,500 acre ) thoroughbred horse breeding farm founded by businessman E. P. Taylor in Oshawa , Ontario , Canada .
The company was acquired by VMware in 2008 ; a year later , Jens Owen along with Alan Ward founded LunarG to continue this work .
The Northern Student Movement ( NSM ) was an American civil rights organization founded at Yale University in 1961 by Peter J. Countryman ( 1942 - -1992 ) .
Indian Thought Publications is a publisher founded in 1942 , in Mysore by R. K. Narayan .
The Giardino Botanico di Valbonella is a nature preserve and botanical garden in the Foreste Casentinesi , Monte Falterona , Campigna National Park , about 3 kilometers from Corniolo , Santa Sofia , Province of Forlì - Cesena , Emilia - Romagna , Italy .
Lola Cars International Ltd. was a racing car engineering company founded in 1958 by Eric Broadley and based in Huntingdon , England .
Solberga Abbey ( Swedish : Solberga kloster ) , was a Cistercian nunnery in Sweden , in operation from 1246 until at least 1469 .
Founded on July 1 , 1935 , by Heinrich Himmler , Herman Wirth , and Richard Walther Darré , the Ahnenerbe later conducted experiments and launched expeditions in an attempt to prove that mythological Nordic populations had once ruled the world .
The Pentapartito began in 1981 at a meeting of the Congress of the Italian Socialist Party ( PSI ) when the Christian Democrat Arnaldo Forlani and Socialist Secretary Bettino Craxi signed an agreement with the `` blessing '' of Giulio Andreotti .
Gravatar ( a portmanteau of globally recognized avatar ) is a service for providing globally unique avatars which was created by Tom Preston - Werner .
Bernard Liautaud co - founded BusinessObjects in 1990 together with Denis Payre , and was chief executive officer until September 2005 , when he became chairman and chief strategy officer until January 2008 .
Klein Bikes was a bicycle company founded by Gary Klein that pioneered the use of large diameter aluminum alloy tubes for greater stiffness and lower weight .
Appian Way Productions is a film production company established by actor and producer Leonardo DiCaprio .
The Make It Right Foundation is a non - profit foundation founded by Brad Pitt in 2007 .
Beulah London is a luxury fashion founded , in 2011 , by English aristocrat Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs and fashion designer Lavinia Brennan .
Mirage Studios is an independent American comic book company founded on September 30 , 1983 by Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird , based in Northampton , Massachusetts and best known for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic book series .
The Family Research Council ( FRC ) is an American conservative Christian group and lobbying organization formed in the United States in 1981 by James Dobson .
Daewoo ( `` Dae '' Hangul : 대. Korean for `` Great '' and `` Woo '' Hangul : 우. Korean the first name of founder and chairman Kim Woo - jung ) or the Daewoo Group was a major South Korean chaebol ( conglomerate ) .
Ilmor , founded by Mario Illien and Paul Morgan in November 1983 , is a British independent high - performance autosport engineering company .
The Before Columbus Foundation is a nonprofit organization founded in 1976 by Ishmael Reed .
Winchell 's Donuts is an international doughnut company founded by Verne Winchell on October 8 , 1948 , in Temple City , California .
El - Mokawloon El - Arab ( Arabic : المقاولون العرب , or in English : The Arab Contractors ) is an Egyptian construction and contracting company established in 1955 by Osman Ahmed Osman , an Egyptian entrepreneur and politician who served as Egypt 's Housing Minister under Sadat 's presidency .
European Voluntary Service ( EVS ) is the European Commission 's project that allows a young person ( 18 - -30 years ) to become a volunteer in another country for a specified period , normally between 2 - -12 months .
The Pre - Raphaelite Brotherhood ( later known as the Pre - Raphaelites ) was a group of English painters , poets , and critics , founded in 1848 by William Holman Hunt , John Everett Millais and Dante Gabriel Rossetti .
The Trilateral Commission is a non - governmental , non - partisan discussion group founded by David Rockefeller in July 1973 , to foster closer cooperation among North America , Western Europe , and Japan .
Hard Candy Fitness is a series of fitness centres which are a partnership between Madonna , her manager Guy Oseary and Mark Mastrov , the founder and CEO of 24 Hour Fitness .
The Authenticity and Modernity Party ( French : Parti Authenticité et Modernité , PAM ; Arabic : حزب الأصالة والحداثة‎ Hizb Al - Asaleh Wal - Hadatheh ) is a Moroccan political party founded by Fouad Ali El Himma , advisor to King Mohammed VI and former interior minister , on 10 August 2008 .
PayPal was established in December 1998 as Confinity , a company that developed security software for handheld devices founded by Max Levchin , Peter Thiel , Luke Nosek and Ken Howery .
Tetley 's Brewery ( Joshua Tetley & Son Ltd ) was an English regional brewery founded in 1822 by Joshua Tetley in Hunslet , now a suburb of Leeds , West Yorkshire .
Parken Sport & Entertainment A / S ( or PS&E for short ) is a Danish company listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange .
Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation ( or APSRTC ) is the state - owned road transport corporation in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh . It is headquartered at RTC House Vijayawada .
Pizza Lucé ( /ˈluːtʃeɪ/ ) is a pizzeria franchise in Minnesota , founded in 1993 and based in the Minneapolis--
BitArmor Systems Inc. was a firm based in the Gateway Center of downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania .
Metro States Media , Inc. was a publication company headquartered in Sunnyvale , California .
Guardian Alarm is headquartered in Southfield , MI and is one of the largest security company in North America and generates over $ 80 million in revenue from over 80,000 customers .
Radio Express is an independent radio syndication company based in Burbank , California , whose main focus is in markets outside the U.S. The company was founded by Tom Rounds , one of the creators of American Top 40 .
Duke Energy , headquartered in Charlotte , North Carolina , is the largest electric power holding company in the United States , with assets also in Canada and Latin America .
Ipca Laboratories is an international pharmaceutical company based in Mumbai , India .
VOSS Solutions ( or VisionOSS ) is a British founded multinational unified communications and collaboration corporation , presently headquartered in Richardson , Texas , United States , that provides service delivery and management software .
Exient Entertainment ( also known as Exient Limited ) is an independent video game developer based in Oxford , United Kingdom .
15Five is an inter - company employee feedback system founded by entrepreneur David Hassell that is based in San Francisco .
Aquafadas was launched in 2004 in Montpellier , France , by Matthieu Kopp and Claudia Zimmer , with their first product , iDive .
Clyde Boats was a small , privately owned , custom boat company located in Detroit , Michigan .
Bellum Entertainment Group ( formerly LongNeedle Entertainment ) is a Burbank , California - based television production and distribution company that specializes in development , production and distribution of TV projects for broadcast , cable , digital and ancillary markets .
GroupSpaces ( styled groupspaces ) is a London - based online company that provides technology to help real - world clubs , societies , associations and other groups manage their membership and activities , and promote themselves online .
Spreepark was an entertainment park in the north of the Plänterwald in the Berlin district Treptow - Köpenick ( formerly part of the GDR - controlled East Berlin ) .
The Habit Burger Grill or just The Habit as it is commonly known , is a fast casual restaurant chain focused on hamburgers , salads , sandwiches , shakes , and french fries , with its headquarters in Irvine , California .
Beginning in 1934 , Associated Oil Company commissioned a series of photographs to be taken to record the progress of construction on the Golden Gate Bridge and San - Francisco Oakland Bay Bridge projects .
Cavedog Entertainment , or Cavedog , was a video game developer based in Bothell , Washington .
Windermere Real Estate , a real estate company founded and based in the Windermere neighborhood of Seattle , Washington , was founded by John W. Jacobi in 1972 , when he purchased an eight - agent office .
SIGA Technologies , Inc. ( NASDAQ : mbol / siga / real - time SIGA ) , a pharmaceutical company , was set up in 1995 and is now based in New York City .
NewsBlur is an American software company based in New York City and San Francisco .
Clubfinance is a financial services company based in Hemel Hempstead .
Digital Rapids Corporation is a privately held technology company headquartered in Markham , Ontario , Canada that produces hardware and software for the digital media industry .
JEA ( Jacksonville Electric Authority ) , located in Jacksonville , Florida , is the eighth largest community - owned electric utility company in the United States and largest in Florida .
BankDirect is a direct banking division of the Australian owned ASB bank , providing internet and phone based banking in New Zealand .
In 1976 , T.J. Maxx was founded in Framingham , Massachusetts by Bernard Cammarata , as a nameplate of the Zayre chain of discount department stores .
GMR Vasavi Diesel Power Plant , owned by GMR Power Corporation Limited , is a private - owned power plant located in Basin Bridge , Chennai .
Zonophone ( early on also rendered as Zon - O - Phone ) was a record label founded in 1899 in Camden , New Jersey , by Frank Seaman .
Atmos Energy Corporation , headquartered in Dallas , Texas , is one of the United States ' largest natural - gas - only distributors , serving over three million natural gas distribution customers in over 1,400 communities in eight states from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the East to the Rocky Mountains in the West .
PF Magic was a video game developer founded in 1991 and located in San Francisco , California .
Litéra is an American software corporation headquartered in McLeansville , North Carolina .
KeyedIn Solutions is an international business software company based in Bloomington , Minnesota .
XS Software headquarters is located in Sofia , Bulgaria .
Digiweb is 100 % Irish - owned and run , and is headquartered in Dundalk , County Louth , with its technical , installation and sales offices in Dublin .
Century Textile and Industries is a textile , cement , paper manufacturing and export company based in Mumbai .
VingCard Elsafe , whose origin was in Moss , Norway , is an international producer of hotel locking systems , electronic in - room safes and energy management systems .
Tadano Faun GmbH ( own spelling TADANO FAUN ) is a German manufacturer of mobile cranes based in the Franconian ( Bavaria ) town of Lauf an der Pegnitz .
Nirvanix was an American - based provider of cloud storage services headquartered in San Diego , California , United States .
M Squared Lasers is a company headquartered in Glasgow , Scotland with a subsidiary , M Squared Lasers Inc. based in San Jose , California .
Simpich Character Dolls , Ltd. was a dollmaker and home - workshop employer in Colorado Springs , Colorado .
Paul Hastings ' first office was founded in Los Angeles in 1951 by Lee Paul , Robert Hastings , and Leonard Janofsky .
Enterprise Rent - A - Car is an American car rental company headquartered in Clayton , Missouri , United States in Greater St. Louis .
The Handspring Puppet Company is a puppetry performance and design company established in 1981 by Adrian Kohler and Basil Jones , situated in Cape Town , South Africa .
Wendl & Lung is a piano - manufacturing company based in Vienna with piano production in China via a partnership , widely regarded for their product .
Pactera ( officially Pactera Technology International Ltd. , 文思海辉技术有限公司 ) is an IT consulting and outsourcing company with corporate headquarters in Beijing , China , and regional headquarters in North American , Europe , and Asia Pacific .
Ruby Receptionists is a virtual receptionist service based in Portland , Oregon .
SalesforceIQ ( formerly RelateIQ ) , a subsidiary of Salesforce.com , is an American enterprise software company based in Palo Alto , California .
Oak Knoll Winery is a privately held winery located in the Tualatin Valley near Hillsboro , Oregon , United States .
EWOS '' head office is located in Bergen .
Voodoo Doughnut is an independent doughnut shop based in Portland , Oregon , known for its unusual doughnuts , eclectic decor , and iconic pink boxes featuring the company logo and illustrations of voodoo priests .
Red Leaf Resources , Inc , is an oil - shale company based in Salt Lake City , Utah , United States .
It was then fully bought by Carlyle , renamed Vought Aircraft Industries , and continues aerospace work today , with headquarters in Dallas , Texas .
The Eberspächer Group of Companies , with headquarters in Esslingen am Neckar , Germany , is a privately owned family business that is an international automotive supplier with more than 60 locations in over 25 countries .
N - ERGIE is an energy company with headquarters in Nuremberg .
Lefax was a company founded in 1910 by J. C. Parker in Philadelphia that produced a range of personal organisers .
Developing Minds Software is a Denver - based company that produces software to assist families , non - profits and education institutions that serve developmentally disabled children .
In early 2012 , Vostu conducted a restructuring of the company 's departments , unifying developments of the games in the Buenos Aires , Argentina office and business operations in Brazil .
The Institute for State Effectiveness ( ISE ) is a non - governmental organization based in Washington , D.C. which seeks to address the challenge of accountability and governance through a system - building approach across governments , markets and people .
Sholl 's Colonial Cafeteria , a 20th - century Washington , D.C. cafeteria - style restaurant that was famous for its popularity among tourists and government workers .
Serotta was an American bicycle builder located in Saratoga Springs , New York .
Deathlike Silence Productions was an Oslo , Norway based independent record label founded in the late 1980s that focused primarily on black metal .
Core Molding Technologies , Inc. was founded in 1988 ( original name is Core Materials Corporation ) and now based in Columbus , Ohio .
Crossbeam Systems is headquartered in Boxborough , Massachusetts and has offices in Europe , Latin America and Asia Pacific .
Pirum is a UK - based financial services technology vendor , headquartered in the City of London .
Dougall Media owns CKPR , a CTV affiliate ( formerly a CBC affiliate until August 31 , 2014 ) , and CHFD , a Global affiliate , both in Thunder Bay , Ontario .
The airline is headquartered at the Air Mauritius Centre in Port Louis , Mauritius .
Bissell Inc. , also known as Bissell Homecare , is a privately owned vacuum cleaner and floor care product manufacturing corporation headquartered in Walker , Michigan in Greater Grand Rapids .
The First Somali Bank ( FSB ) is a bank headquartered in Mogadishu , Somalia .
SES Astra SA was a corporate subsidiary of SES , based in Betzdorf , in eastern Luxembourg , that maintained and operated the Astra series of geostationary communication satellites between 2001 and 2011 .
Sparx Systems is an Australian software company founded by Geoffrey Sparks in 1996 in Creswick , Victoria in Australia , known for the development of the Unified Modeling Language tool Enterprise Architect .
The first mill associated with the Illinois Steel Company was the North Chicago Rolling Mill , founded in Chicago , Illinois in 1857 as a mill to re - roll iron rails .
Cadbury is headquartered in Uxbridge , Greater London and operates in more than fifty countries worldwide .
Headquartered in Berlin and with U.S. offices headquartered in New York City , Auctionata operates a network of 250 experts who value , authenticate , and curate art objects .
Torpex Games is a game development studio located out of Bellevue , Washington .
The Cloudscaling Group , Inc. , is a software company based in San Francisco , California , USA .
The Pracheachon dissolved , and many of the remaining leftists fled Phnom Penh for the forests , with the exception of several prominent figures ( Khieu Samphan , Hou Yuon and Hu Nim ) who had joined the Sangkum .
Unichem Laboratories ( BSE : 506690 ) is one of the India 's oldest and largest pharmaceutical company headquartered in Mumbai , Maharashtra , India .
The first branch of Yellow Cab Pizza Co. opened along Makati Avenue in April 2001 .
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers ( KPCB ) is a venture capital firm located on Sand Hill Road in Menlo Park in Silicon Valley .
Stainer & Bell Limited is a British publisher of classical sheet music and books , based in London .
Kongsberg Spacetec AS or KSPT , prior to 1994 Spacetec A / S , is a supplier of ground stations based in Tromsø , Norway .
Rotpunktverlag is a Swiss publishing house , headquartered at Hohlstrasse 86A , 8004 Zürich , Switzerland .
Matech Concepts was an auto racing development firm based in Geneva , Switzerland and founded by Martin Bartek in 2006 .
Adam , Meldrum & Anderson Company ( AM&A 's ) was a chain of department stores based in Buffalo , New York .
Vodafone Netherlands is based in Maastricht and Amsterdam and has around 2,800 employees .
Webster University Geneva rented the Bellevue Campus property for three years before obtaining the purchasing permit from the Swiss Government in 1986 .
Symphony EYC works with organizations including the Nantes University Hospital , Marketforce , Danone , Marjane , Ahold and REWE Based in Palo Alto , California , the company maintains offices throughout the US , Europe , Middle East , Africa and Asia .
Hambrecht & Quist ( H&Q ) was an investment bank based in San Francisco , California noted for its focus on the technology and internet sectors .
Le Zèbre is a French make of car built between 1909 and 1931 in Puteaux , Seine .
Murphy 's Brewery was a brewery founded in Cork , Ireland in 1856 by James Jeremiah Murphy ( James J. Murphy ) .
Jays Foods was founded in 1927 in Chicago , Illinois and is currently a subsidiary of Snyder 's of Hanover .
Ülker was founded in 1944 by Sabri and Asim Ülker , two brothers whose parents immigrated to Turkey from Crimea , commencing operations in Istanbul as a small bakery .
Enbridge , Inc. is an energy delivery company based in Calgary , Canada .
Good Karma Brands ( GKB ) is a sports marketing , event planning , retail , and radio broadcasting company based in Beaver Dam , Wisconsin .
Caffarel is a chocolate - manufacturing company based in Luserna San Giovanni , Italy , which is a subsidiary of Lindt & Sprüngli .
POLi Payments Pty Ltd ( formerly known as Centricom ) is an online payments company based in Melbourne , Australia .
The MIT Sloan School of Management ( also known as MIT Sloan or Sloan ) is the business school of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , in Cambridge , Massachusetts , USA .
Haloila 's factories are located in Masku , Finland ( fully automatic wrapping machines ) and Kardjali , Bulgaria ( semi - automatic wrapping machines ) .
Pendleton Woolen Mills is an American textile manufacturing company located in Portland , Oregon , United States .
Michel Richard Citronelle was an American restaurant located in Georgetown , Washington , D.C. in the Latham Hotel .
Povey Brothers Studio , also known as Povey Brothers Art Glass Works or Povey Bros. Glass Co. , was an American producer of stained glass windows based in Portland , Oregon .
Based in Stockholm , Sweden , Filippa K now operates a growing number of profile stores in Scandinavia , the Netherlands , Belgium , Germany and Switzerland .
Monterey Boats , Williston , FL - founded 1985 in Archer Florida by the Marshall brothers , partners , co - chairmen and CEO of the company .
GenArts , Inc. is a Cambridge , Massachusetts - based developer of visual effects software for the film , broadcast and advertising industries .
Fanny Farmer was started in Rochester , New York by Frank O'Connor in 1919 and grew to over 400 stores before being bought and consolidated .
Aqueduct Press is a publisher based in Seattle , Washington , United States which publishes material which features a feminist viewpoint .
Currently operating more than 380 stores across Canada , Mark 's first opened in 1977 in Calgary , Alberta , Canada , and the retailer has evolved from an industrial accessories dealer to the number one men 's casual and industrial retailer in the country .
The Anacostia Waterfront Corporation ( AWC ) was a government - owned corporation established in 2004 by the government of Washington , D.C. , to revitalize neighborhoods next to the Anacostia River and to coordinate the environmental rehabilitation and use of the river .
Dataphone also provides collocation and hosting from its server facilities in Stockholm , Sweden .
Secora is based in Svolvær and has 90 employees .
Great Wall Airlines Company Limited was a cargo airline based in Shanghai , People 's Republic of China .
McCain , Inc. , is a privately held American manufacturing company headquartered in Vista , CA .
Cirquility ( also known as House Inc ) is an American green technology financing startup headquartered in Hanover , New Hampshire , inside the Tuck School of Business .
Shark Island Productions is an award - winning documentary film production company based in Sydney , Australia .
Steeplejack Industrial is an Edmonton , Alberta based company that provides industrial scaffolding , insulation , asbestos abatement and other related civil and industrial services .
During the Battle of Berlin , Axmann 's Hitler Youth formed a major part of the last line of German defense , and were reportedly among the fiercest fighters .
Sycamore Partners , owner of brands including Talbots , Nine West , Stuart Weitzman and more , purchased Coldwater Creek 's intellectual property ( use of the name , logo and customer list ) through CWC Direct LLC , and opened new headquarters in Hingham , MA .
DAC Beachcroft LLP is an international law firm headquartered in London , United Kingdom .
The Trisol Music Group - GmbH ( or simply , `` Trisol '' ) , is a German business group and record label headquartered in Dieburg .
English Software was a software developer and publisher in the 1980s based in Manchester , UK .
Big Boy Restaurants International , LLC is a restaurant chain with its headquarters in Warren , Michigan , in Metro Detroit .
Osborne Clarke is a multinational law firm headquartered in London , United Kingdom with offices in the UK , Germany , Italy , Belgium , Spain , France , the Netherlands and the United States .
Bradley Angle is a nonprofit organization based in Portland , Oregon , United States .
The Sammarinese Socialist Party ( Italian : Partito Socialista Sammarinese , PSS ) was a socialist and , later , social - democratic political party in San Marino .
Maclay Murray & Spens LLP is one of the UK 's leading commercial law firms and one of Scotland 's ' Big Four ' , with offices in Edinburgh , London and Aberdeen and headquartered in Glasgow .
Triangle Studios is a mid - sized computer game development company based in Leeuwarden , the Netherlands , founded in 2005 .
Vienna Beef is a manufacturer of the hot dog used in the classic Chicago - style hot dog , as well as Polish sausage and Italian beef , delicacies of independent Chicago - style hot dog and beef stands .
In These Times is an American politically progressive / democratic socialist monthly magazine of news and opinion published by the Institute for Public Affairs in Chicago , Illinois .
Southwestern Railways ( PZZ ) , ( Ukrainian : Південно-Західна залізниця ) headquartered in Kiev , the capital of Ukraine , is a component part of the Ukrzaliznytsia company .
Nationwide Asset Services is a privately owned debt settlement company based both Phoenix , Arizona and Sacramento , California .
The South Dakota State Historical Society Press is an American book publishing company based in Pierre , South Dakota .
DFJ Frontier is an American venture capital firm with offices in Los Angeles , Sacramento , and Santa Barbara , California as well as Portland , Oregon .
Major League Productions is a record label from the United Kingdom based in Oxfordshire and was founded in 1991 it operates in 100 different countries and as of 2013 had 39 employees
Sabra Freight Services is a Lebanese shipping company founded in 1992 and headquartered in Beirut , Lebanon .
Dinkelacker is a brand of German beer brewed in Stuttgart , Baden - Württemberg .
Stormfront Studios was a video game developer based in San Rafael , California which had one of the longest creative histories in the industry .
Tightrope Books is a Canadian independent book publisher based in Toronto , Ontario , Canada .
The Community Foundation of Northern Colorado is an independent philanthropic organization that serves the Northern Colorado community including Berthoud , Estes Park , Fort Collins , and Loveland .
Alisport srl is an Italian aircraft manufacturer based in Cremella .
United Community Bank is a regional US bank holding company providing retail and corporate banking services with headquarters in Blairsville , Georgia .
Altai State University , founded in 1973 , is a university in Barnaul , Russia .
Promine was founded originally as Yvan Dionne Inc , by the company 's founder and President Yvan Dionne over twenty years ago in Quebec , Canada .
Norm Winningstad helped found Thrustmaster in 1990 in Hillsboro , Oregon .
Turn 10 Studios ( abbreviated to T10 or Turn 10 ) is an American video game developer located in Redmond , Washington .
Centaur Media ( LSE : CAU ) is a London - based business - to - business magazine and digital publishing group , formed in 1981 , and incorporated as a public limited company .
Mahle Behr GmbH & Co. KG is a German corporation active in the automobile industry , headquartered in Stuttgart - Feuerbach .
MKG Group is a European - based company , headquartered in Paris , France .
The Guerry et Bourguignon was a French automobile built only in 1907 by a cycle company from Paris .
Pillar Data Systems , a computer data storage company headquartered in San Jose , California , developed midrange and enterprise network storage systems .
New Belgium Brewing Company is a craft brewery located in Fort Collins , Colorado .
The Empire Life Insurance Company ( Empire Life or Empire Vie ) is a Canadian life insurance and financial services company with its headquarters in Kingston , Ontario , Canada .
Haier Group is a Chinese multinational consumer electronics and home appliances company headquartered in Qingdao , Shandong province , China .
To test speaker drivers , JBL in Glendale and Northridge used the roof as an outdoor equivalent to an anechoic chamber .
The Quaker Oats Company is an American food conglomerate based in Chicago .
CME Group Inc. ( Chicago Mercantile Exchange & Chicago Board of Trade ) is an American futures company and one of the largest options and futures exchanges .
On 2 January 2001 FuelWatch commenced daily monitoring of prices for petrol , diesel and LPG within metropolitan Perth and many regional areas in the South West of the state .
Fyens Stiftstidende is a daily newspaper in Denmark and has its headquarters in Odense .
Taptu was a privately held company that was founded in Cambridge in 2007 and was funded by DFJ Esprit and Sofinnova .
Outblaze was founded in 1998 in Hong Kong and received considerable media attention around the time of the dot - com bubble .
Getty Images , Inc. is an American stock photo agency , based in Seattle , Washington , United States .
Heritage USA was an American Christian theme park , water park , and residential complex built in Fort Mill , South Carolina by PTL Club ( short for `` Praise The Lord '' ) founders televangelist Jim and Tammy Faye Bakker .
Nuance Communications is an American multinational computer software technology corporation , headquartered in Burlington , Massachusetts , United States on the outskirts of Boston , that provides speech and imaging applications .
US Highland 's 33,000-square - foot ( 3,100 m2 ) factory opened in Tulsa on June 1 , 2010 and is expected to produce hundreds of off - road motorcycles a year .
In Dhaka , the team from Waste Concern collects rubbish for recycling .
Heublein was originally a restaurant in Hartford , Connecticut founded in 1862 by Andrew Heublein , a German American entrepreneur .
Phoseon Technology is a privately owned electronic manufacturing company based in Hillsboro in the U.S. state of Oregon .
Karenjy is an automobile manufacturer based in Fianarantsoa , Madagascar .
Hyperoptic is a fibre - based Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) installing and maintaining its own dedicated network , based in West London .
Hymer AG is a motorhome and caravan manufacturer , located in Bad Waldsee , Germany .
Fort Digital Pte Ltd ( formerly Fort Digital ) is a software company registered with ACRA in Singapore , delivering primarily SMS solutions .
Iran Tribunal is an international people´s court and a non - binding legal tribunal residing in The Hague , the Netherlands , aiming to investigate serious allegations of Human Rights violations and Crimes against humanity in the Islamic Republic of Iran during the 1980s .
Barneys New York is an American chain of luxury department stores headquartered in New York City .
Audi oversees worldwide operations from its headquarters in Ingolstadt , Bavaria , Germany .
This led to a $ 5.5 million venture funding round , which prompted Backupify to relocate from Louisville , KY to Cambridge , MA .
The Oregon Nursery Company ( also known as Orenco ) was a nursery company founded and originally operated in Salem , Oregon , United States .
Brionvega is an Italian electronics company , established in Milan in 1945 , now located in Pordenone , Friuli - Venezia Giulia , Italy .
Georg Neumann GmbH ( Neumann ) , founded in 1928 and based in Berlin , Germany , is a prominent manufacturer of professional recording microphones .
Third Wire Productions Inc. , ( also known simply as Thirdwire or Third Wire ) , is a C corporation based in Austin , Texas , USA ; it is an independent software development company founded in 1999 to create multimedia entertainment , such as flight - simulation and strategy games .
In February 1998 , the state sold its last shares and the remaining shares on the market were exchanged with shares in Bank Austria , and Creditanstalt was delisted from the Vienna Stock Exchange .
JD.com or Jingdong Mall ( Chinese : 京东商城 ; pinyin : Jīngdōng Shāngchéng ) , formerly 360buy , is a Chinese electronic commerce company headquartered in Beijing .
Landmark Worldwide ( formerly Landmark Education ) , or simply Landmark , is a company offering personal development programs , headquartered in San Francisco .
Sweaty Betty was founded in 1998 by Tamara and Simon Hill - Norton with one boutique in London 's Notting Hill .
The LSVD was founded in Berlin , but is currently based in Cologne .
AC Propulsion is a San Dimas , California , USA company founded in 1992 by Alan Cocconi and Wally Rippel that specializes in alternating current - based drivetrain systems for electric vehicles .
The Bornemisza Péter High School ( Hungarian : Bornemissza Péter Gimnázium ) is a secondary school located in Budapest .
Robert Siegel Architects is a New York City based architecture firm with the business in creation of public buildings , academic and cultural facilities , and commercial and residential interiors .
In 1988 , the German Lettre International was founded in Berlin , by chief editor Frank Berberich .
Frost Bros. was a high - fashion retail chain based in San Antonio , Texas .
Petrolifera Petroleum Limited headquartered in Calgary , Alberta was a Canadian oil and gas company engaged in exploration and production activity in South America .
DigiFX Interactive was an American video game developer with headquarters in Dallas , Texas .
Globoforce is a multinational company co - headquartered in Southborough , Massachusetts and Dublin , providing cloud - based ( software as a service ) , human capital management ( HCM ) software solutions .
The Schwäbische Zeitung is a German newspaper headquartered published by Schwäbisch Media under the name and headquartered in Ravensburg , Upper Swabia .
Tea Collection is a globally - inspired , San Francisco - based children 's clothing company co - founded in 2002 by Emily Meyer and Leigh Rawdon .
Rialto Film is a German motion - picture production company headquartered in Berlin .
In November 2005 , 25 % of Endemol was taken public , and is since then listed on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange under the stock symbol EML .
Il Sole 24 Ore has its headquarters in Milan and is published in broadsheet format .
The National Library of the Netherlands ( Dutch : Koninklijke Bibliotheek or KB ; Royal Library ) is based in The Hague and was founded in 1798 .
Echoworx , an email encryption software company , is based in Toronto , Canada , with offices in Atlanta and London .
Sunlight Electric was the first certified green solar energy company as well as the first commercial solar project to receive San Francisco 's GoSolar incentive .
University College School , generally known as UCS , is an independent school charity situated in Hampstead , northwest London , England .
Brasserie Nationale is the largest brewery in Luxembourg , based in Bascharage .
Commonwealth Edison , commonly known as ComEd , is the largest electric utility in Illinois , serving the Chicago and Northern Illinois area .
Eshraghanimation Co is an independent production company located in Tehran , IRAN which creates animated feature and short films , television programs , documentaries , series .
Panathinaikos F.C. ( Greek : ΠΑΕ Παναθηναϊκός Α.Ο. ) , also known simply as Panathinaikos , or with its full name Panathinaikos A.O. ( Greek : Παναθηναϊκός Αθλητικός Όμιλος , transliterated `` Panathinaikos Athlitikos Omilos '' , Panathenaic Athletic Club ) are a Greek professional football club based in the City of Athens .
Lafayette Radio Electronics Corporation was a radio manufacturer and retailer based in Syosset , New York .
Deseret Industries also sells new furniture , much of it received from its manufacturing plant in Salt Lake City .
Khim Prom ( Ukrainian : Хим-Пром ; Russian : Хим-Пром ) , is a chemical factory located in Kharkiv Oblast about 3 kilometres ( 1.9 mi ) from the city of Pervomaiskyi , Ukraine .
H. Kramer and Company is a brass smelting company located in the Pilsen neighborhood of Chicago , Illinois , United States .
The Crawford Automobile was a highly regarded small - production car made in Hagerstown , Maryland throughout the 1910s and early 1920s .
The first company bearing the name White Star Line was founded in Liverpool , England , by John Pilkington and Henry Wilson in 1845 .
Nady Systems , Inc. is a professional / consumer audio products manufacturer based in Emeryville , California .
The Parkinson Association of the Rockies ( PAR ) is a Colorado care and research not - for - profit organization whose aim is to enhance the quality of life for individuals with Parkinson 's disease through education , research , awareness and support for those with Parkinson 's disease , their families and the community .
Sound Diplomacy is a London , Barcelona and Berlin - based music agency .
BM and MEC are operated under lease by ST . Pan Am Railways is headquartered in Iron Horse Park in North Billerica , Massachusetts .
Kann 's was the second Washington D.C. based department store chain to open a suburban location in nearby Northern Virginia .
Motion Blur or Motion Blur Game Studio ( Turkish : Motion Blur Oyun Stüdyosu ) founded in 2004 , Ataşehir , Istanbul based computer game developer .
Erlebacher 's was a high - fashion ladies specialty store that operated in Washington , D.C. The location at 1222 F. Street , NW , opened on October 14 , 1907 , as G. Erlebacher .
My . T is an IPTV service in Mauritius .
Blood - Horse Publications is an American multimedia publishing house focused on horse - related magazines headquartered in Lexington , Kentucky .
Steidl is a German - language publisher , an international publisher of photobooks , and a printing company , based in Göttingen , Germany .
Gamecock Media Group was a video game publisher based in Austin , Texas .
The Jenoptik Group headquarters are in Jena ( Thuringia ) .
Danish Agro is a cooperative farm supply company headquartered in Karise south of Copenhagen , Denmark .
Pizza Fusion is a Deerfield Beach , Florida - based pizza restaurant chain .
Edelsbrunner Automobile München was a small Bavarian car company based in Munich , Germany .
The Scottish Building Society is a building society based in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Ailsa Shipbuilding Company was a Scottish shipbuilding company based in Troon and Ayr , Ayrshire .
NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. is an Emeryville , California based clinical - stage biopharmaceutical company , focused on developing novel , fast - acting , synthetic anti - infectives compounds .
Biocutis started in Chile in 1992 , since then it has moved to the United States locating its headquarters in Carson City , Nevada , the company sells its products on an online - only Business Model shipping its products world wide with country specific websites in UK , Spain , France , Germany , Italy and Netherlands .
The Alfalfa Club is a Washington , D.C. social organization that exists only to hold an annual banquet on the last Saturday of January .
Sir William Arrol & Co. was a leading Scottish civil engineering business founded by William Arrol and based in Glasgow .
Habermaaß GmbH is a German toy manufacturing company based in Bad Rodach , Bavaria .
LeMessurier Consultants is a Boston , Massachusetts firm , founded by William LeMessurier in 1961 .
PowaKaddy or PowaKaddy International Limited is a golf equipment manufacturing company based in Sittingbourne , Kent , Great Britain that specialises in electric golf trolleys .
Avenue Video was a video tape , video game and DVD rental shop ( formerly a chain ) located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
The Institute of Red Professors of the All - Union Communist Party ( Bolsheviks ) ( Russian : Институ́т кра́сной профессу́ры , ИКП ) was an institute of graduate - level education in the Marxist social sciences located in the Orthodox Convent of the Passion , Moscow .
Modern Television is a British production company based in Cardiff and London .
Lambie - Nairn is an international branding agency within the WPP Group , headquartered in London with offices in Europe , the Middle East and Latin America .
Film i Väst ( translated as `` Film in west '' ) is a film company located in Trollhättan , Sweden , founded in 1992 .
Toon City is an animation studio located in Manila , Philippines .
The Investment Bank of Greece ( Greek : Επενδυτική Τράπεζα Ελλάδος ) is a Greek investment bank subsidiary of the Cyprus Popular Bank with headquarters in Athens .
Global operations for Teletrax are managed by Civolution with offices in Eindhoven , Netherlands , London , New York , and Los Angeles .
Fleet Support Limited ( FSL ) is a British company formed to run HMNB Portsmouth 's Fleet Maintenance and Repair Organisation ( FMRO ) on a commercial basis .
Shalom Baranes Associates , PC is an architectural design firm located in Washington , D.C. , in the United States .
Emery Telcom was founded in 1950 as a Cooperative in Orangeville , Utah .
GM - AvtoVAZ is a joint venture in Russia between General Motors and AvtoVAZ set up in 2001 and began producing the Chevrolet Niva , based on the Lada Niva , at its factory in Tolyatti from 2002 .
The Villa Arson , also referred to as the École Nationale Supérieure d'Arts à la Villa Arson ( National School of Fine Arts at the Villa Arson ) , is a French art museum , elite school and research institution for contemporary art , located in Nice , France .
Echologics LLC is a Toronto - based engineering company that specializes in non - invasive acoustic detection of underground leaks and pipe condition assessment .
Founded in Galway , Ireland in 1985 as Cashback Ltd. , Premier Tax Free facilitated VAT refunds for international visitors to Ireland ; a service that enables non - resident visitors to reclaim VAT on goods they purchase and privately export , according to EU legislation .
The Norton Motorcycle Company ( formerly Norton Motors , Ltd. ) is a British motorcycle marque , originally from Birmingham , UK .
Crowell & Moring is an international law firm headquartered in Washington , D.C. , with offices in Irvine , New York City , Los Angeles , Anchorage , San Francisco , Cheyenne , London , Brussels and affiliate offices Cairo and Riyadh .
Mid - Atlantic Freight is an American charter airline based in Greensboro , North Carolina , USA .
BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards is headquartered in Jacksonville , Florida , with shipyards at Jacksonville , Mayport , Florida and Mobile , Alabama .
Promises Treatment Centers is a for - profit provider of residential drug and alcohol rehabilitation with facilities in Malibu , California and West Los Angeles , California .
Hyde Street Studios is a music recording facility in San Francisco , CA .
John Harvey & Sons is a brand ( trading name ) of a wine and sherry blending and merchant business started by John Harvey in Bristol , England in 1796 .
South Ural State University ( SUSU ) ( Russian : Южно-Уральский Государственный Университет ( ЮУрГУ ) ) in Chelyabinsk is one of the largest educational institutions in Russia .
Channel Home Centers ( formerly known as Channel Lumber Company and often simply known as Channel ) was a chain of home - improvement centers that was based in Whippany , New Jersey .
Mithun , Inc. ( Mithun ) is a multidisciplinary professional services firm headquartered in the city of Seattle in Washington state in the United States of America offering integrated design services related to architecture , land use planning , landscape architecture , interior architecture , interior design , and `` cultural audits '' with a focus on sustainability .
GRG Banking is a subsidiary of Guangzhou Radio Group ( GRG ) that was established in 1957 .
Established in 1998 , Radio IP Software is headquartered in Montreal , Canada and has offices in Florida , USA and London , England .
ThreeSixty is Hong Kong 's largest retailer of natural foods and organic foods .
Odyssey Space Research , LLC is a small business based in Houston , Texas near NASA Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center providing engineering research and analysis services .
Schlage ( pronounced /ˈʃleɪɡ/ SHLAYG ) is a lock manufacturer founded in 1920 by Walter Schlage in San Francisco .
Benedetti 's Pizza is a Mexican fast food pizza delivery and restaurant chain headquartered in Colima , Colima , founded by Felipe Baeza in 1983 .
The Center for Security Policy ( CSP ) is a Washington , D.C .- based national security think tank that has been widely accused of engaging in conspiracy theorizing by a range of individuals , media outlets and organizations .
North - Caucasus Federal University ( Russian : Северо-Кавказский федеральный университет ) , abbreviated as NCFU ( Russian : СКФУ ) is a public university in Stavropol Krai , Russia with campuses in Stavropol and Pyatigorsk .
Buns and Guns was a fast - food restaurant in Sfeir , a southern suburb of Beirut , Lebanon in a Hezbollah controlled area .
Entanet 's colocation facilities are based in Telford , London and Slough .
Ganas is an intentional community founded in 1979 in Tompkinsville , Staten Island .
MICROS Systems , Inc. ; now owned by Oracle Corporation , was headquartered in Columbia , Maryland , USA .
Kirill Gotovets ( born June 25 , 1991 ) is a Belarusian ice hockey player who is currently playing for the Rockford IceHogs of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Juan Luis Guirado Aldeguer ( born 27 August 1979 ) , nicknamed Juani , is a Filipino footballer who plays for Ceres F.C. on loan from CD Burgos and the Philippines national team .
Roynell Young ( born December 1 , 1957 ) is a former professional American football safety and cornerback who played for the Philadelphia Eagles his entire National Football League ( NFL ) career , from 1980 to 1988 .
Federico Mociulsky ( born 15 July 1989 in Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine professional association football player contracted to Deportivo Roca .
Allan Kyambadde is a Ugandan professional footballer , who plays as a Midfielder for Express F.C ..
Milan Strelec ( born 30 November 1972 ) is a retired Slovak football striker who currently plays for FC Petržalka akadémia in 5 .
Ted Smale ( born June 1932 ) is a former defensive end and tight end in the Canadian Football League with the Ottawa Rough Riders from 1956 to 1962 .
Brad Sewell ( born 2 February 1984 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played twelve seasons for the Hawthorn Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Zoran Filipović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Зоран Филиповић ; born 6 February 1953 ) is a former Yugoslav footballer of great success in the 1970s and 1980s for Red Star Belgrade and S.L. Benfica .
Ganbaataryn Tögsbayar ( Mongolian : Ганбаатарын Төгсбаяр ; born on 13 May 1985 ) is a Mongolian footballer , who plays as a striker for Selenge Press in Mongolia .
Matt Garvey ( born 23 October 1987 ) is a second row who also can play in the back row as well , and is playing for Bath Rugby and has played for the England Saxons team .
Alain Rochat ( born 1 February 1983 in Saint - Jean - sur - Richelieu , Quebec , Canada ) is a Swiss footballer who plays for BSC Young Boys .
Ion Echaide Sola ( born 5 January 1988 in Pamplona , Navarre ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Toledo as a defender .
Don Bessillieu ( born May 4 , 1956 ) was a National Football League safety for the Miami Dolphins , the St. Louis Cardinals , and the Los Angeles Raiders .
Jonny May ( born 1 April 1990 ) is a rugby union footballer , currently playing in the Aviva Premiership for Gloucester Rugby .
Bartosz Bereszyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈbartɔʂ bɛrɛˈʂɨɲskʲi ) ; born 12 July 1992 ) is a Polish international footballer who plays professionally for Legia Warsaw as a defender .
Matías Vitkieviez ( born in Montevideo , Uruguay , 16 May 1985 ) is an Uruguayan - born Swiss association footballer who plays for FC St. Gallen .
Dougie Hall ( born 24 September 1980 ) is a former Scottish international rugby union player , who played over 100 games for the Glasgow Warriors and won 42 caps for Scotland .
Wehebe Darge ( born 4 December 1991 ) is an Australian ice hockey player playing for the Adelaide Adrenaline in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Gerard Badía Cortés ( born 18 October 1989 in Horta de Sant Joan , Tarragona , Catalonia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Polish club Piast Gliwice as a midfielder .
Filip Ivanovski ( Macedonian : Филип Ивановски , born 1 May 1985 ) is a footballer from Macedonia now playing for FK Vardar .
Lamont Bryan ( born 12 April 1988 in Germany ) is a German born Jamaican international rugby league player for the London Skolars in the Championship 1 .
Piotr Bagnicki ( born December 10 , 1980 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer ( striker ) playing last for Sandecja Nowy Sącz .
Rory Underwood MBE ( born 19 June 1963 ) is a record - breaking former English rugby union footballer who played wing for , most notably , Leicester Tigers and the Royal Air Force .
Paweł Olkowski ( born February 13 , 1990 in Ozimek ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays as Right back for German club 1 . FC Köln and the Poland national team .
Federico Barba ( born 1 September 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for German club VfB Stuttgart , on loan from Empoli .
Leandro Antonio Martínez ( born 15 October 1989 ) is an Italian Argentine footballer who plays as a forward for Szombathelyi Haladás .
Tim Alioto is a retired American soccer Defender who spent most of his career with the amateur Milwaukee Bavarians .
Julio Velázquez Santiago ( born 5 October 1981 ) is a Spanish football manager , currently in charge of Portuguese club C.F. Os Belenenses .
Jon Abrahamsen ( born 8 May 1951 ) is a former Norwegian football goalkeeper known for his time at FK Bodø / Glimt ( played over 300 games 1975 - 81 in the Norwegian First Division ) where he won the Norwegian Football Cup 1975 .
Petr Ševčík ( born 2 May 1994 ) is a professional Czech football player who currently plays for SFC Opava , on loan from SK Sigma Olomouc .
Alfred Songoro ( 10 January 1975 ) is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at representative level for Papua New Guinea , and at club level for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , and Union Treiziste Catalan , as a Wing , or Centre .
Ekele Udojoh ( born 29 September 1989 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer who currently playing for Malkiya Club of Bahrain .
Mukhthar Naseer is a Maldivian international footballer , who is currently plays for New Radiant SC in the Maldives .
Balázs Banai ( born 9 December 1992 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian Midfielder who currently plays for Kozármisleny SE .
Jordan Georgievski ( Macedonian : Јордан Георгиевски ; born 29 January 1981 in Skopje , SFR Yugoslavia ) is Macedonian football goalkeeper who plays for FK Teteks .
Blair Russel ( September 17 , 1880 -- December 7 , 1961 ) was a Canadian amateur ice hockey forward who played for the Montreal Victorias .
Cleveland Elam ( April 5 , 1952 -- July 12 , 2012 ) was a former American football defensive tackle who played for the San Francisco 49ers and the Detroit Lions in an injury - shortened five - year career that lasted from 1975 to 1979 in the National Football League .
Mark Nordquist ( born November 3 , 1945 in Long Beach , California ) is a former professional American football offensive lineman the who played a total of nine seasons in the National Football League for the Philadelphia Eagles and the Chicago Bears .
Patrik Bärtschi ( born August 20 , 1984 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Winger currently playing for ZSC Lions of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Ardian Mema ( born 16 November 1971 in Tiranë ) is a former Albanian football player and coach who spent his entire career with KF Tirana between 1989 and 2003 and has manage both the senior team and the reserves in 2007 and 2013 respectively .
Agnese Ricco is an Italian football striker , currently playing for Milan ACF in Serie A. She has also played for FCF Como , Torres CF , ASD Fiammamonza and Mozzanica CF , plus Rapid Lugano in the Swiss Nationalliga .
Goran Marinković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Гopaн Mapинкoвић , born January 8 , 1979 in Subotica ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with OFK Petrovac .
Seyi Olajengbesi ( born 17 November 1980 in Ibadan ) is a Nigerian footballer , currently playing for German club SV Sandhausen .
John Shmyr ( born January 2 , 1945 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 89 games in the World Hockey Association for the Winnipeg Jets , Chicago Cougars and Vancouver Blazers .
Bo Eason ( born March 10 , 1961 ) is a former professional American football player who played safety for four seasons for the Houston Oilers .
Marcus Peixoto ( born 9 March 1984 ) is an Indian professional footballer who last played as a defender for Dempo S.C. in the I - League .
Zsolt Makra ( born 24 May 1982 in Szeged ) is a Hungarian football defender playing for Békéscsaba 1912 Előre SE .
Elia Ostwald ( born March 17 , 1988 ) is a German professional ice hockey forward who currently plays on loan with Eispiraten Crimmitschau of the 2.GBun from the Hamburg Freezers of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
James Reaves is a professional basketball player for the Rochester Razorsharks of the PBL .
Troy Hudson ( born March 13 , 1976 ) is an American retired professional basketball point guard who last played with the Sioux Falls Skyforce of the NBA Development League .
Sylvestre Arnaud Séka ( born 30 October 1985 in Abomey ) is a Beninese football player who currently plays in Benin for Tonnerre d'Abomey FC .
Oleksandr Chornomorets ( Ukrainian : Олександр Сергійович Чорноморець ; born 5 April 1993 in Zelenodolask , Apostolove Raion , Dnipropetrovsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Dynamo-2 Kyiv in the Ukrainian First League .
Lorenzo Staiti ( born 27 February 1987 in Treviso ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Virtus Entella as a midfielder .
Martin Hinteregger ( born 7 September 1992 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who plays for Borussia Mönchengladbach , on loan from FC Red Bull Salzburg as a defender .
Pedro Munitis Álvarez ( born 19 June 1975 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played mainly as a forward , and the current manager of Racing de Santander .
Robert Lisjak ( born 5 February 1978 ) is a Croatian Goalkeeper who plays for NK Osijek in Prva HNL .
Dorianne Theuma ( born 17 May 1984 ) is a Maltese football midfielder playing for Hibernians F.C ..
René Tórgarð ( born 3 August 1979 ) is an Faroese international footballer who plays club football for EB / Streymur , as a goalkeeper .
Juan Daniel Roa Reyes ( born 20 August 1991 ) , commonly known as JuanDa or Roa , is a Colombian professional footballer who plays for Club Independiente Santa Fe as a midfielder At the age of 19 , he led Santa Fe as a starter to win the 2012 Torneo de Finalización with Independiente Santa Fe .
Ashley Beck is a Wales international rugby union player for the Ospreys regional team .
Johan Marmitte is a Mauritian football player , who currently plays for Curepipe Starlight SC in the Mauritian Premier League and for the Mauritius National football team as a midfielder .
Warren Lahr ( September 5 , 1923 -- January 19 , 1969 ) was a professional American football defensive back who played for the Cleveland Browns for 11 seasons , mainly in the 1950s .
Krzysztof Nowak ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈkʂɨʂtɔf ˈnɔvak ) ; 27 September 1975 -- 26 May 2005 ) was a Polish football player , best known for his stint with the VfL Wolfsburg team .
Pavlo Rybkovskyi ( Ukrainian : Павло Володимирович Рибковський , born 12 July 1989 in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Sumy in the Ukrainian First League .
Moirangthem Gouramangi Singh is an Indian professional association football player who plays as a center back for FC Pune City in the Indian Super League .
Matías Hernán Mayedonchi ( 前鈍内マティアスエルナン , born 18 February 1989 ) is an Argentina - born Japanese futsal player who plays for Nagoya Oceans .
Marc Oberweis ( born 6 November 1982 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Jeunesse Esch in Luxembourg 's domestic National Division .
Shane Geraghty ( born 12 August 1986 in Coventry , West Midlands ) is an English rugby union player who plays for London Irish in the Aviva Premiership .
Lee Saltz ( born September 25 , 1963 ) is a former professional American football quarterback in the National Football League who played for the Detroit Lions and the New England Patriots .
Jari Ilola ( born 24 November 1978 ) is a retired Finnish footballer who played for IF Elfsborg and the Finland national football team .
Aaron Joseph ( born 4 July 1989 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played with the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ulrik Johansen ( born March 12 , 1980 ) is a Danish professional football player , who is playing for the Danish 1st Division club FC Fredericia .
Marc Lais ( born 4 February 1991 ) is a German football midfielder who plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg .
Phil Cookson is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1960s , ' 70s and ' 80s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Featherstone Rovers , and Leeds , as a Second - row , i.e. number 11 or 12 , during the era of contested scrums .
Guido Di Vanni ( born 11 June 1988 in Rosario ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño as a forward .
FC Nelson appointed Henry Fa'arodo as their junior technical advisor for the 2012 winter season and also played for the 1st team helping them to win the league .
Patrik Lomski ( born 3 February 1989 ) is a Finnish football player who plays mainly as a winger for Arka Gdynia in the Polish I Liga .
Rafał Gikiewicz ( born 26 October 1987 in Olsztyn ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Eintracht Braunschweig .
Elvis Mashike Sukisa ( born 6 June 1994 ) is a Congolese football forward who currently plays for FC Slovan Galanta .
Given Singuluma ( born 19 July 1986 in Rufunsa ) is a Zambian international football player , who currently plays for TP Mazembe , a Congolese football club based in Lubumbashi .
Jed Roberts ( born November 10 , 1967 in Ottawa , Ontario , Canada ) was a Canadian Football League defensive end and linebacker who played thirteen seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos .
Doug Strang was an Australian rules footballer who played as a full forward in the VFL between 1931 and 1935 for the Richmond Football Club .
Lester Paul Straker Bolnalda ( born October 10 , 1959 in Ciudad Bolívar , Bolívar State , Venezuela ) , best known as Les Straker , is a former Major League Baseball right - handed starting pitcher who played for the Minnesota Twins .
Mikel Iribas Allende ( born 13 April 1988 in San Sebastián , Gipuzkoa ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a right defender or midfielder .
Armağan Kuş ( born 1 January 1992 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as a winger for Samsunspor in the Süper Lig .
Luke Rooney ( born 16 January 1983 , Penrith , New South Wales ) is an Australian professional rugby union footballer for RC Toulonnais in the Top 14 competition .
Edens Chery ( born October 19 , 1986 in Port - au - Prince ) is a Haitian soccer player who currently plays for Western Mass Pioneers in the USL Second Division .
Andy Uram ( March 21 , 1915 -- December 11 , 1984 ) is a former running back and defensive back in the National Football League who played for the Green Bay Packers .
Josh Bruce ( born 8 June 1992 ) is a professional Australian rules football player who plays for the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) , formerly playing for the Greater Western Sydney Giants .
Marcus Martin ( born November 29 , 1993 ) is an American football center for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Bitielo Jean Jacques ( born 28 December 1990 in Port - au - Prince , Haiti ) is a Haitian footballer who currently plays for Kraze United in the National Premier Soccer League , the fourth tier of the American soccer pyramid .
Erik ten Hag ( born 2 February 1970 ) is a Dutch football manager and former player who played as a defender , who is currently the manager of FC Utrecht .
In June 2000 , Tico - Tico was signed by the Tampa Bay Mutiny after playing for Jomo Cosmos .
Will Radburn ( born 22 November 1991 ) is an English rugby union footballer for Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C ..
Guy Brown , III ( born June 1 , 1955 in Palestine , Texas ) is a former American football linebacker in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys .
Julian Kirzner ( born 24 October 1976 ) is a former Australian rules football footballer for the Essendon Football Club and North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Cornel Piper ( born April 2 , 1937 , in Ardmore , Alberta ) is a former offensive lineman in the Canadian Football League from 1957 to 1967 for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers .
Alan Uryga ( born 19 February 1994 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder for Wisła Kraków and the Poland national under-19 football team .
Kārlis Muižnieks ( born March 17 , 1964 in Riga , Latvia ) is a former basketball player and currently is the head coach of BK Ventspils .
AJ Venter ( born 29 July 1973 ) is a retired South African rugby union footballer , who played for the Sharks in the international Super 14 competition , and the Natal Sharks in the domestic Currie Cup competition .
Tomas Manco ( born Brezno , 19 January 1988 ) is an Australian ice hockey player currently playing as a defenceman for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) .
Yuri Alekseevich Drozdov ( Russian : Юрий Алексеевич Дроздов ; born January 16 , 1972 ) is an association football coach and a former midfielder , who spent the majority of his playing career at FC Lokomotiv Moscow .
Edwin van Bueren ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈɛtʋɪn vɑn ˈbyːrə(n ) ) ; born 4 April 1980 ) is a Dutch footballer who used to play professionally for Sparta Rotterdam .
Ādolfs Sīmanis ( March 11 , 1909 -- September 1979 ) was a Latvian football defender , the most long - time player with Riga Vanderer .
Samir Merzić ( born June 29 , 1984 in Mostar ) is a Bosnia and Herzegovina football defender who plays for FK Velež Mostar .
Janice Cayman is a Belgian football attacking midfielder currently playing for FCF Juvisy in the French First Division .
Jovan Vučinić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јован Вучинић , born 20 January 1992 ) is a Montenegrin footballer who plays as forward for Bosnian Premier League club FK Radnik Bijeljina .
Kristian Kojola ( born 12 September 1986 ) , is a Finnish professional football central defender who plays for Finnish Veikkausliiga side IFK Mariehamn .
Tino Lagator ( Chinese : 拉加度 , born 14 September 1987 ) is a Croatian football player who currently plays for Citizen AA in Hong Kong .
Roman Kuzyk ( born 7 June 1989 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football defender who currently plays for Ukrainian Premier League club FC Karpaty Lviv .
Marcus Eriksson ( born December 5 , 1993 ) is a Swedish basketball player who currently plays for FC Barcelona Lassa of the Liga ACB .
Pere Milla Peña ( born 23 September 1992 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UD Logroñés as a winger .
Bernard Le Roux ( ( bɛʁ.naʁ lə ʁu ) ; born 4 June 1989 ) is a South African born - French rugby union player , who currently plays flanker for French Top 14 side Racing 92 .
Sverre Fornes ( born 25 April 1932 ) is a retired Norwegian footballer who played goalkeeper for Rosenborg BK between 1948 and 1965 .
Todd Kinchen ( born January 7 , 1969 in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ) is a former professional American football player who played wide receiver for seven seasons in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams , the St. Louis Rams , the Denver Broncos , and the Atlanta Falcons .
Bobby Futrell ( August 4 , 1962 - June 1 , 1992 ) was a professional American football player who played cornerback for five seasons for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers .
Bilal Hamdi ( born 1 May 1991 ) is an Algerian football player who plays for Ligue 2 club Clermont Foot .
Michele Marani ( born 16 November 1982 ) is a football player from San Marino , currently playing for S.S. Pennarossa .
Rüdiger Kauf ( born 1 March 1975 in Esslingen am Neckar , Baden - Württemberg ) is a German former football player currently with Arminia Bielefeld .
Robbert te Loeke ( born 1 December 1988 in Arnhem ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for FC Dordrecht in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Galen Fiss ( July 30 , 1931 in Johnson City , Kansas -- July 17 , 2006 in Overland Park , Kansas ) is a former American football linebacker who played eleven seasons in the National Football League with the Cleveland Browns .
Pedro León Sánchez Gil ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈpeðɾo leˈon ˈsantʃeθ ) ; born 24 November 1986 ) , known as León , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Getafe CF as a right winger .
Rógvi Baldvinsson ( born 6 December 1989 ) is a Faroese international footballer who last played as a defender for Danish 1st Division side FC Fredericia .
Mark Rummukainen ( born 19 February 1982 ) is an Australian ice hockey player who plays defenceman for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League and is a member of the Australian national ice hockey team .
Nasr El - Din Abbas ( Arabic : نصر الدين عباس‎ ) known by his nickname Jaxa ( Arabic : جكسة‎ ) ( born 13 August 1944 in Omdurman ) is a former Sudanese footballer who played with Al - Hilal Club .
Constantin Braun ( born March 11 , 1988 ) is German professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Eisbären Berlin of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Christian Dean ( born March 14 , 1993 ) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a centre back for the Vancouver Whitecaps FC in Major League Soccer .
Sarah Günther ( born 25 January 1983 in Bremen ) is a German football midfielder who currently plays for 1 . FFC Frankfurt .
Nicolas Raynier ( born 4 March 1984 in Carcassonne ) is a French football striker who currently plays for US Boulogne .
Matthias Schwarz ( born 28 December 1987 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Kickers Offenbach .
Johan Manuel Bravo Díaz ( born 15 February 1993 ) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Santiago Wanderers as a left back and also as left midfielder .
After the win Wu Weian had a chance to return to Guangdong with recently promoted top tier side Guangzhou R&F F.C. , which he decided to take at the beginning of the 2012 league season .
Andre Blake ( born 21 November 1990 ) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays professionally for the Philadelphia Union in Major League Soccer , as a goalkeeper .
Jonathan Richter ( born 16 January 1985 ) is a Danish disabled professional football midfielder , who played for the Danish Superliga side FC Nordsjælland .
Álvaro Domínguez , a native of the town of El Cerrito from the center of Valle del Cauca , began his career with Deportivo Cali in 2000 .
Nikita Kashirsky ( born 25 January 1985 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey forward , who currently plays for the Fort Wayne Komets in the ECHL .
Gaston Therrien ( born May 27 , 1960 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player who played 22 games in the National Hockey League for the Quebec Nordiques .
Michael Anthony Muñoz ( born August 19 , 1958 ) , is an American Pro Football Hall of Fame offensive tackle who played 13 seasons for the National Football League 's Cincinnati Bengals .
Lukáš Matyska ( born 26 April 1992 ) is a professional Czech football player currently playing for FC Zbrojovka Brno .
Maksim Vladimirovich Vasilyev ( Russian : Максим Владимирович Васильев ; born 31 January 1987 in Leningrad ) is a Russian professional footballer who currently plays for FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk .
Les Koenning , Jr. ( born February 10 , 1959 in San Antonio , Texas ) is the former wide receivers coach for the Texas Longhorns college football team .
Jorge Luís Andrade da Silva , better known as Andrade , is a former defensive midfielder born April 21 , 1957 in Juiz de Fora , MG . After being sacked as Flamengo 's general manager , currently he coaches Boavista Sport Club .
Nico Aaltonen ( born June 15 , 1988 ) is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for Manchester Phoenix in the Premier League .
Vítor Bruno Ramos Gonçalves ( born 13 January 1990 in Vila do Conde ) , known as Vítor Bruno , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Romanian club CFR Cluj mainly as a left back .
Hidde ter Avest ( born 20 May 1997 ) is a Dutch professional football player who currently plays as a right back for Eredivisie side FC Twente .
Timo Wenzel ( born November 30 , 1977 in Neu - Ulm ) is a German football defender , plays in SV Elversberg .
Danny Fuchs ( born 25 February 1976 ) is a retired German footballer who last played for 1 . FC Kaiserslautern .
Ronnie Dixon is a former professional American football player who played defensive lineman for four seasons for the New Orleans Saints , Philadelphia Eagles , New York Jets , and Kansas City Chiefs .
Arno Atti - Bayeba ( Russian : Арно Атти-Байеба ; born 10 March 1993 ) is a Russian football defender who currently plays for FC Astrakhan .
Justin Ryder ( born July 14 , 1980 in Nepean ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer of the 2000s , playing at club level for Newcastle Knights , and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , as a Wing .
Carlos Rubén Esteban Rodríguez ( born 26 March 1983 ) , known as Carlos Rubén , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Guijuelo as an attacking midfielder .
Toni Jakimovski ( Macedonian : Тони Јакимовски , born 19 April 1966 ) is a Macedonian football manager and former player , who was recently coached FK Bregalnica Štip in the Macedonian First League .
Keith Carney was drafted 76th overall in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft by the Buffalo Sabres , after attending the prestigious Mount Saint Charles Academy .
Hiroki Iikura(Japanese : 飯倉 大樹 , born June 1 , 1986 in Aomori , Japan ) is a Japanese football player who currently plays for Yokohama F. Marinos .
Ruddy Lugo was released by the Toledo Mud Hens in July 2010 .
Felix Roth ( born 13 November 1987 in Offenburg ) is a German footballer playing for SC Rheindorf Altach in the Austrian Football Bundesliga .
Billie Smedts ( born 8 June 1992 ) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Ghaleb Rida or Ghaleb Reda ( Arabic : غالب رضا‎ ) ; ( born July 10 , 1981 in Nabatieh , Lebanon ) is a professional Lebanese basketball player for Amchit Club and a member of Lebanon national basketball team as a shooting guard .
Rocky Trottier ( born April 11 , 1964 in Climax , Saskatchewan and raised in Val Marie , Saskatchewan ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played 38 games in the National Hockey League over two seasons with the New Jersey Devils .
Ron Waller ( born February 14 , 1933 ) was a National Football League running back for the Los Angeles Rams from 1955 through 1958 and for the American Football League 's Los Angeles Chargers in 1960 .
Ulrik Flo ( born 6 October 1988 ) is a Norwegian footballer forward who plays for Silkeborg IF in Danish 1st Division .
Jan van Grinsven ( born 27 February 1960 in Den Dungen , Noord - Brabant ) is a Dutch former football goalkeeper , who played for FC Den Bosch ( 1981 - -1992 and 1995 - -1999 ) and MVV Maastricht ( 1992 - -1995 ) and scored twice in his career .
Phil Martelli ( born August 31 , 1954 ) is an American college basketball coach and current coach of the Saint Joseph 's Hawks men 's basketball team .
Oliver Robinson ( born March 13 , 1960 ) is a retired American basketball player who played shooting guard for the NBA 's San Antonio Spurs .
Franjo Vladić ( born 19 October 1950 ) was a Bosnian Croat footballer who played as playmaker for FK Velež Mostar majority of his career and Yugoslavia national football team .
Sirimongkhon Jitbanjong ( Thai : ศิริมงคล จิตบรรจง ) is a forward who plays for Khon Kaen United F.C ..
Linus Fernström ( born April 10 , 1987 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who currently plays for Frölunda HC in the Swedish Elitserien .
Filipe Daniel Mendes Barros ( born 17 April 1992 in Paredes ) , commonly known as Pipo , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for Akritas Chlorakas in the Cypriot Second Division , as a forward .
Bob Dean ( December 17 , 1929 -- May 10 , 2007 ) was a kicker and two - way lineman with the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
Onorionde Kughegbe John , commonly known as O.K. John ( born on July 22 , 1983 ) is an Nigerian footballer ( defender ) playing currently for Persija Jakarta .
Pat Weisner ( born 17 March 1982 in Sydney , Australia ) is a rugby league player who currently plays for Hull Kingston Rovers but previously played for Barrow Raiders , and the Harlequins RL in the European Super League .
Pat Noonan ( born August 2 , 1980 in Ballwin , Missouri ) is a former American soccer player who currently serves as an assistant coach for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer .
Mark Zanotti ( born 8 November 1964 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with the West Coast Eagles , Brisbane Bears and Fitzroy Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Aleksei Igorevich Kuznetsov ( Russian : Алексей Игоревич Кузнецов ; born 20 August 1996 in Bryansk ) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Volga Nizhny Novgorod .
Olof Persson ( born May 5 , 1978 in Malmö ) is a Swedish football manager and the current assistant coach of Malmö FF in Allsvenskan .
Karl - Johan Johnsson ( born 28 January 1990 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Randers FC in the Danish Superliga as a goalkeeper .
Dominic Oppong ( born January 21 , 1986 in Kumasi ) is a Ghanaian - born Canadian soccer player , currently playing for the Atlanta Silverbacks in the North American second tier NASL .
Roberto Linares ( born February 10 , 1986 ) is a footballer ( forward ) from Cuba playing currently for FC Villa Clara .
Fenan Salčinović ( born 26 June 1987 ) is a Bosnian footballer who plays for NK Čelik Zenica in Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Dean Koolhof ( born 15 December 1994 in Duiven ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for De Graafschap in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Stéphane Robinet ( born May 2 , 1983 ) is a footballer currently playing for Championnat National side Paris FC as a striker .
Na'ama Cohen is an Israeli football defender , currently playing for F.C. Kiryat Gat .
Ponaryo Astaman ( born 25 September 1979 ) is a current Indonesian professional football player playing for PSM Makassar .
Anthony Sagnella ( born February 28 , 1964 in New Haven , Connecticut ) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League for the Washington Redskins .
Imanuel Wanggai , also known as Masu , ( born February 23 , 1988 ) is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League as a midfielder .
Dragan Načevski ( Macedonian : Драган Начевски ) ( born 27 January 1980 ) is an ethnic Macedonian footballer who plays as forward for FK Metalurg Skopje .
Hossam Ould Zmirli ( born November 7 , 1984 in Hussein Dey ( Alger ) , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a defender for USM Alger in the Algerian league .
Artur Castela ( born 30 July 1993 ) is a Portuguese basketball player who plays for Galitos , on loan from S.L. Benfica .
Aaron McCloskey ( born 20 July 1988 in Limerick ) is an Irish rugby league player for St Helens RLFC in the Super League and the Montpellier Red Devils in the Elite One Championship .
David Telfer ( born December 1 , 1988 in Obuasi ) is a Ghanaian footballer , who currently plays for Ashanti Gold SC .
Joel Conlon ( born 4 May 1994 ) is an English Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership .
Daniel Caligiuri ( pronounced ( kaliˈdʒuri ) ; born 15 January 1988 in Villingen - Schwenningen ) is a German - born Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for VfL Wolfsburg in the Bundesliga and the Italy national team .
Luis Soffner ( born January 15 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player who last played for the New England Revolution in Major League Soccer .
Nathan Catt ( born 6 January 1988 in Bristol , England ) is a rugby union player who plays at Prop for Bath Rugby in the Aviva Premiership .
C. J. Gable ( born Carl Gable Jr. October 19 , 1987 ) is a gridiron football running back for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Patrick Rakovsky ( born 2 June 1993 ) is a German footballer of Czech descent who plays as a goalkeeper for 1 . FC Nürnberg in the 2 .
Oussama Sellami ( born June 22 , 1979 in Tunis ) is a Tunisian football player who , as of 2013 , is playing for Stade Tunisien .
Damir Džombić ( born 3 January 1985 in Srebrenik , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Bosnian football player playing as defender for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League .
Ian Uranga Chong ( born 22 June 1987 in Durango , Biscay ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Arenas Club de Getxo as a defender .
Chris Leitch ( born April 1 , 1979 in Pickerington , Ohio ) is a retired American soccer player who is currently Technical Director for the San Jose Earthquakes .
Mohamed Helal ( 12 March 1996 ) is an Egyptian professional football player who currently plays for Lierse S.K. in Belgian Pro League .
Anak Agung Ngurah Wahyu Trisnajaya , better known as Ngurah Nanak , is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Sriwijaya F.C. in the Indonesian Super League .
George McGowan ( born March 10 , 1948 ) is an American - born former football player for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League ( CFL ) where he played for eight seasons from 1971 - -1978 .
Jeremy Donougher ( born 28 November 1969 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer who played at club level for South Sydney Rabbitohs and Bradford Bulls .
Luís Pedro Gomes Martins ( born 23 June 1989 ) , known as Luís Pedro , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for S.C. Freamunde as a central defender .
At the age of 21 , Alfredo Moreno joined Club Necaxa ( on loan with the option to buy the player in a definite purchase ) for the Verano 2001 season .
Roque Júnior is devoted to helping São José Esporte Clube 's youth players with a project called `` Projeto Primeira Camisa '' ( `` Project First Jersey '' ) .
Nathan Freer ( born 21 May 1989 ) is a rugby league footballer of the 2000s and ' 10s , playing at club level for Norland Sharks ARLFC ( Hessle ) , Hull , Doncaster , York City Knights , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Prop .
Dennis Ziadie ( 1 October 1946 -- 1986 ) was a Jamaican footballer who played in the NASL with the Boston Beacons in 1968 , as well as the Jamaican national side .
Karolis Navickas ( born in Šiauliai , Lithuania , 9 April 1990 ) is a Lithuanian rugby union player currently playing for Krasny Yar Krasnoyarsk in Russian Professional Rugby League .
Kaled Gourmi , first name sometimes spelt as Khaled , ( born April 16 , 1986 ) is an Algerian football player who plays for MC Alger in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Gonzalo Suárez Llano ( born 22 April 1994 ) , known simply as Gonzalo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Mérida AD as a forward .
Nikolajs Kozačuks ( born 7 August 1985 in Ventspils ) is a Latvian football midfielder , currently playing for the Polish club Górnik Łęczna .
Rushen Jones is a former professional American football player who played defensive back for the Minnesota Vikings Rushen took a cheap shot on a former KC Chief during a 2003 scrimmage .
C.K. Vineeth ( born 20 May 1988 ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger or striker for Bengaluru FC in the I - League .
Márcio Vieira de Vasconcelos ( born 10 October 1984 in Marco de Canaveses , Porto District , Portugal ) , known as Vieira , is an Andorran footballer who plays for Spanish club Atlético Monzón as a midfielder .
Martijn de Zwart ( 8 November 1990 , Valkenburg ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for ADO Den Haag .
Adrià Muñoz Fernández ( born 13 May 1994 ) , simply known as Adrià , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Llagostera as a goalkeeper .
Jung Jae - yong ( Hangul : 정재용 ; born 14 September 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as midfielder for FC Anyang in K League Challenge .
Abdelatif Noussir ( Arabic : عبد اللطيف نصير‎ -- born 20 February 1990 , in Fes ) is a Moroccan footballer who plays for Wydad Casablanca and Morocco 's national U--23 team .
Jalil Anibaba ( /dʒəˈliːl ɑːniˈbɑːbə/ ; born October 19 , 1988 ) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer .
Moses Ehambe ( born May 22 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for Kyoto Hannaryz of the bj league .
Vicente Piera Pañella ( Barcelona , 1903 - -1960 ) , known by the nickname `` La Bruja '' ( `` The Witch '' ) , is a former Spanish footballer who spent most of his career at FC Barcelona .
Richard Benítez is a Paraguayan footballer currently playing for Sportivo Luqueño of the Primera Division in Paraguay .
Laurie Sharp ( 25 August 1935 -- 7 November 1974 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL between 1954 and 1957 for the Richmond Football Club and then in 1959 for the South Melbourne Football Club .
Rod Payne ( born June 14 , 1974 ) is a former professional American football center who was drafted by the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Babatunde Niyi Ogunlana ( born August 14 , 1984 in Patako ) is a former Nigerian football player , who was last playing for Kwara United F.C. of Ilorin .
Sonny Johansson ( born 17 October 1948 ) is a former Swedish football player , that between 1968 and 1984 represented Landskrona BoIS .
Ewen McKenzie played prop for the New South Wales Waratahs 37 times between 1987 and 1995 , before joining the Brumbies in 1996 , for the inaugural Super 12 season .
Mohammed Ali Ayed ( Arabic : محمد علي عايد‎ ) is an Emirati footballer who plays for Al Ain FC .
Kevin Eadie is a professional rugby league footballer , playing at club level for Stanley Rangers ARLFC , Featherstone Rovers , and Doncaster .
Maria Florencia Bonsegundo ( born 14 July 1993 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays as a Midfielder for UAI Urquiza and the Argentina national team .
Anis Boussaïdi ( born 10 April 1981 ) is a Tunisian footballer who most recently played in Ukraine for SC Tavriya Simferopol .
Pollo returned to his native Canary Islands in the 2007 summer , joining Universidad de Las Palmas CF in division three .
John Ronaldson is a former Australian rules football player who played in the VFL between 1965 and 1970 for the Richmond Football Club .
Antony Lopez Peralta ( born August 18 , 1981 in Royan ) is a midfielder currently playing for French Championnat National club AS Cannes .
Victor Stăncescu ( born March 10 , 1985 ) is a Romanian born Swiss professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with and Captaining the Kloten Flyers in Switzerland 's National League A ( NLA ) .
Shawn Nicklaw ( born April 15 , 1989 ) is a Guamanian international footballer who currently plays for Jacksonville Armada FC in the North American Soccer League . He signed with the team on December 3 , 2014 Nicklaw is an offensively oriented right - back with good technique and game understanding .
Boban Jančevski - Janker ( Macedonian : Бобан Јанчевски - Јанкер ) ( born 30 April 1978 , Vienna , Austria ) is a Macedonian football striker who currently plays for FK Renova in the Macedonian First League .
Alexey Alexandrovich Semyonov ( Russian : Алексе́й Алекса́ндрович Семёнов ; born April 15 , 1949 ) is a Russian professional association football coach and a former player who currently works as a head scout for FC Rubin Kazan .
Pauline Bremer began her junior career at SVG Göttingen 07 before signing a senior contract with 1 . FFC Turbine Potsdam in 2012 .
Aatu Hämäläinen ( born 28 February 1987 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player playing for Tranås AIF in Hockeyettan , the third tier league in Sweden .
Ray Hardy Åström ( born 29 March 1951 in Luleå , Sweden ) is a retired Swedish professional ice hockey goaltender who played three seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the New York Rangers and Colorado Rockies .
Ray Hall ( born 27 October 1980 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club .
Süleyman Olgun ( born 20 April 1987 ) is a Turkish professional football who plays as a right back for Kızılcabölükspor .
Alexi Gómez Gutiérrez ( born 4 March 1993 ) is a Peruvian footballer who plays for Chilean Team San Luis de Quillota .
Uwe Gensheimer ( born 26 October 1986 ) is a German handballer who plays for Bundesliga outfit Rhein - Neckar Löwen and the German national team .
Jurgen Wevers ( born 12 January 1979 in Winterswijk , Gelderland ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays for FC Oss .
Hans Somers ( born March 9 , 1978 in Mechelen ) is a retired football attacking midfielder from Belgium , who played for Lierse SK ( Belgian Pro League ) , Trabzonspor ( Turkish Süper Lig ) and FC Utrecht ( Eredivisie ) .
Sixto Betancourt ( born 18 June 1992 in Tiquisate ) is a Guatemalan football defender who currently plays for Plaza Colonia in the Uruguayan Segunda División .
Tony Nocita ( born 9 November 1963 in Winnipeg ) is a former professional Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Sons of Italy Lions SC .
Denys Halenkov ( Ukrainian : Денис Ігорович Галенков ; born 13 October 1995 in Krasnyi Lyman , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who currently plays for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Manuel Latusa ( born January 23 , 1984 ) is an Austrian professional ice hockey winger who is currently playing with EC Red Bull Salzburg of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Mauricio Salles ( born March 1 , 1978 in Salvador ) is a Brazilian footballer who played for Rochester Lancers of the Major Arena Soccer League .
Ognjen Škorić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Огњен Шкорић ; born 2 March 1993 ) is a Bosnian Serb footballer who plays as a winger for FK Borac Banja Luka in the Premier League of Bosnia and Herzegovina .
Shelby Bram is a Canadian - born women 's ice hockey player with the Buffalo Beauts of the NWHL .
Though drafted by the Hamilton Tiger - Cats , Ken Nielsen was traded that same year to Winnipeg .
Marco Sas ( born 16 February 1971 in Vlaardingen ) is a retired Dutch footballer who played for Sparta Rotterdam , NAC Breda , Bradford City and FC Basel .
Gary Christie ( born 23 January 1972 ) is a former professional rugby league footballer who played at representative level for Scotland , and at club level for Oldham , Wakefield Trinity , and Bradford Bulls , as a Wing .
Kivoli Manoa is a Tuvaluan footballer who played for Lakena United in 2003 .
Božidar Radošević ( born 4 April 1989 in Split ) is a Croatian professional football goalkeeper , currently plays for Debreceni VSC in Hungary .
Joseba Imanol Idiakez Barkaiztegi ( born 14 March 1972 ) is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a midfielder , and the current manager of Lleida Esportiu .
Asatullo Nurulloev ( born 21 June 1984 ) is a Tajikistani footballer who currently plays for Parvoz Bobojon Ghafurov , and the Tajikistan national football team .
Allisson Ricardo Faramílio ( born January 30 , 1988 in Itu ) , known as Allisson , is a Brazilian striker who currently plays for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Marek Sokołowski ( born March 11 , 1978 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder or a defender ( either side ) for Podbeskidzie Bielsko - Biała .
Shawn Stuckey ( born October 22 , 1975 ) is a former Linebacker with the New England Patriots of the NFL , who also played briefly for other professional football teams .
`` Amir Celestin '' competed for his hometown minor league team the Miami Midnites .
Rafał Boguski ( born 9 June 1984 , in Ostrołęka ) is a Polish footballer who plays for Wisła Kraków .
Eliott Sorin ( born 1 March 1993 ) is a French footballer who plays as a midfielder for Dijon FCO in Ligue 2 .
Marius Gersbeck ( 20 June 1995 ) is a German footballer who plays for Chemnitzer FC , on loan from Hertha BSC .
Ville Korhonen ( born May 20 , 1987 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays on trial for the Espoo Blues of the Finnish Liiga .
Vitaliy Fedotov ( Ukrainian : Віталій Андрійович Федотов , born 16 July 1991 in Donetsk , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays for FC Arsenal Tula .
On 5 December 2011 , Bobby Gonzales returned to Sabah FA at the end of the season having made 21 appearances with Sarawak 's , as he helped the Croc 's promote to Malaysia Super League 2012 .
Jacques Dominique Wilkins ( born 12 January 1960 ) is an American retired professional basketball player who primarily played for the Atlanta Hawks of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Felix Orode ( born July 28 , 1990 in Lagos , Nigeria ) is a Nigerian footballer midfielder currently playing for Excursionistas in the Primera C Metropolitana of Argentina .
Moses Kalanzi ( born 23 December 1991 in Kampala ) is a Ugandian professional football defender , who currently plays for the Danish 1st Division side Blokhus FC .
Reynaldo Antonio Hernández Villegas ( born September 11 , 1984 , in Concepción Batres ) is a Salvadoran footballer who currently plays for C.D. Águila in the Salvadoran First Division .
Alicia González Moreno is a Spanish football midfielder , currently playing for Levante UD in Primera División .
Chad Vandegriffe ( born November 24 , 1989 ) is an American soccer and indoor soccer player who currently plays for the St. Louis Ambush in the Major Arena Soccer League .
Christina Burkenroad is an American soccer player who currently plays for the Orlando Pride .
Kemal Alomerović ( Macedonian : Keмaл Aлoмepoвиќ , born 8 December 1980 in Skopje ) is a Macedonian football midfielder playing with FK Metalurg Skopje .
Marc Caballé Naranjo ( born 22 June 1991 ) is a Spanish footballer who plays for UE Cornellà on loan from RCD Espanyol as a left winger .
Ismael Valadéz Arce ( born 14 September 1985 in Tejupilco , Estado de México ) is a Mexican football striker playing for Cruz Azul in the Primera División .
Rear Admiral Sir Edward Berry , 1st Baronet , KCB ( 1768 -- 13 February 1831 ) was an officer in Britain 's Royal Navy primarily known for his role as flag captain of Rear Admiral Horatio Nelson 's ship HMS Vanguard at the Battle of the Nile , prior to his knighthood in 1798 .
Since 2007 JW GROM is under the command of Dowódca Wojsk Specjalnych ( Commander of Polish Special Forces ) .
Captain Robert J. Love was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War , shooting down six communist MiG-15 jet aircraft in 1952 .
Captain Charles John Moore Mansfield ( 1760 - 1813 ) was a British naval officer who served in the Royal Navy during the American Revolutionary War , the French Revolutionary Wars and Napoleonic Wars .
Thomas A. Benes was a retired Major General in the United States Marine Corps .
Walter S. Gorka ( 1922 - -1942 ) was a United States Navy sailor killed in action during World War II who received the Air Medal posthumously for his actions .
Peter Joseph Osterhaus ( 1823 - -1917 ) was Union Army General in the American Civil War and later served as a diplomat .
Ricky Dobbs ( born January 31 , 1988 ) is a United States Navy officer and former college football quarterback for the United States Naval Academy .
Frederick T. Moore , Jr. was a United States Navy captain .
Robert W. McNitt ( July 29 , 1915 -- August 12 , 2012 ) was an American United States Navy admiral who was dean of admissions at the United States Naval Academy for more than a decade .
Major Patrick Ferguson ( 1744 -- 7 October 1780 ) was a Scottish officer in the British Army , an early advocate of light infantry and the designer of the Ferguson rifle .
Rear Admiral Eleanor V. Valentin is the first female flag officer to serve as director of the United States Navy Medical Service Corps .
Captain John Houlton Marshall entered the Royal Navy in 1778 .
General Sir Eric de Burgh , KCB , DSO , OBE ( 1881 - -1973 ) was a British Army officer who became Chief of the General Staff in India .
The Bushveldt Carbineers ( BVC ) were a short - lived , irregular mounted infantry regiment of the British Army , raised in South Africa during the Second Boer War .
Henry J. Meade ( August 8 , 1925 -- June 22 , 2006 ) was Chief of Chaplains of the United States Air Force .
Ralph Waldo Christie ( 30 August 1893 -- 19 December 1987 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy who played a pivotal role in the development of torpedo technologies .
Gerald Spring Rice , 6th Baron Monteagle of Brandon ( 5 July 1926 -- 17 November 2013 ) was an Anglo - Irish British Army officer , banker and Conservative peer .
August Ohmsen ( March 15 , 1854-February 13 , 1938 ) was a Master - at - Arms serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Air Marshal Sir John Tremayne Babington KCB , CBE , DSO , DL ( 20 July 1891 -- 20 March 1979 ) was a senior commander in the Royal Air Force .
The 107th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( King 's Own ) ( 107 RAC ) was a tank regiment of the Royal Armoured Corps , raised by the British Army during the Second World War .
William Bokenham ( died 10 November 1702 ) was Royal Navy officer and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1701 to 1702 .
The King 's Shropshire Light Infantry ( KSLI ) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1881 , but with antecedents dating back to 1755 .
The 68th ( Durham ) Regiment of Foot ( Light Infantry ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army , formed in 1758 and amalgamated into The Durham Light Infantry in 1881 .
John Despard ( 1745 - -1829 ) was an Irish - born soldier who served in the British Army and as a colonial administrator .
Richard S. Hassan is a retired officer of the United States Air Force .
Lieutenant - Colonel Gordon Graham Donaldson was a senior officer in the British Army who died as a result of illness contracted during the disastrous Walcheren Campaign in 1809 .
Richard Miles McCool , Jr. ( January 4 , 1922 -- March 5 , 2008 ) was a retired United States Navy officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions during the Battle of Okinawa in World War II .
Sir Frederick Haldimand , KB ( August 11 , 1718 -- June 5 , 1791 ) was a military officer best known for his service in the British Army in North America during the Seven Years ' War and the American Revolutionary War .
From 1 Jul 1941 to 31 May 1943 Alexander Kolb was Officer with Special Duties of the Ministry of Aviation ( Germany ) ( RLM ) and Commander - in - Chief of the Luftwaffe .
George Ray Tweed ( July 2 , 1902 -- January 16 , 1989 ) was a decorated radioman in the United States Navy who served during the World War II . He is most famous for evading of Japanese capture for two years and seven months after the surrendering of U.S Garrison on Guam in 1941 .
Aviation Ordnanceman Ernest Lenard Hilbert was born 14 June 1920 at Quinn , South Dakota , and enlisted in the United States Navy 10 April 1940 at Los Angeles , California .
204th Independent Infantry Brigade ( Home ) was a Home Defence formation of the British Army during World War II .
Richard Montgomery ( December 2 , 1738 -- December 31 , 1775 ) was an Irish - born soldier who first served in the British Army .
Ivor Parry Evans ( February 20 , 1923 , ( Aliquippa , Pennsylvania ) -- October 24 , 2009 ( Abilene , Texas ) was a United States Air Force officer and commander .
The 221st Independent Infantry Brigade ( Home ) ( 221 Bde ) was a short - lived Home Defence formation of the British Army during World War II .
The Hertfordshire Yeomanry is a British Army unit specializing in artillery and yeomanry that can trace its formation to the late 18th century .
Albert Weisbogel ( 1844 -- May 27 , 1919 ) was a 19th - century United States Navy sailor .
George Philip Jr. ( 14 April 1912 -- 16 June 1945 ) was a United States Navy Commander and recipient of the Navy Cross and Silver Star .
149th Regiment Royal Armoured Corps ( 149 RAC ) was an armoured regiment of the British Army 's Royal Armoured Corps that served in the Burma Campaign during World War II .
Charles Russell Lowell III ( January 2 , 1835 -- October 20 , 1864 ) was a railroad executive , foundryman , and General in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Susan Ahn Cuddy ( Korean : 안수산 , Hanja:安繡山 ; January 16 , 1915 -- June 24 , 2015 ) was the first female gunnery officer in the United States Navy .
Admiral Sir Richard Poore , 4th Baronet , KCB , CVO ( 7 July 1853 - -1930 ) was a Royal Navy officer who went on to be Commander - in - Chief , The Nore .
Horst - Dieter Kolletschke ( born 29 February 1952 ) is a retired Konteradmiral ( rear admiral ) of the German Navy .
Heinz - Wolfgang Schnaufer ( 16 February 1922 -- 15 July 1950 ) was a German Luftwaffe night fighter pilot and is the highest scoring night fighter ace in the history of aerial warfare .
F 17 Kallinge , Blekinge Flygflottilj , Blekinge Air Force Wing , or simply `` F 17 '' , is a Swedish Air Force wing with the main base located near Ronneby in southern Sweden .
The British Army 's 1st Artillery Brigade and Headquarters South West is a formation under Force Troops Command that has control over close support artillery units within the British Army and is the Regional Point of Command ( RPoC ) for British Army units in the South West Region .
Means Johnston , Jr. ( December 5 , 1916 -- July 14 , 1989 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy .
Vice Admiral of the Blue William Bligh , FRS , RN ( 9 September 1754 -- 7 December 1817 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy and a colonial administrator .
The Ulster Defence Regiment ( UDR ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army established in 1970 , with a comparatively short existence ending in 1992 .
Richard Severson was a Brigadier General in the United States Air Force .
General John Dale Ryan ( December 10 , 1915 -- October 27 , 1983 ) was the seventh Chief of Staff of the United States Air Force .
Field Marshal Lord William Paulet , GCB ( 7 July 1804 -- 9 May 1893 ) was a senior British Army officer .
The modern French Army retains one regiment of Spahis as an armoured unit , with personnel now recruited in mainland France .
Vice Admiral Sir Edward Griffith Colpoys KCB ( c. 1767 -- 8 October 1832 ) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy during the early nineteenth century .
Steve Clark Hall ( born November 9 , 1953 ) is a retired United States Navy submarine officer and documentary film maker .
Admiral Sir Arthur Kaye Legge KCB ( 25 October 1766 -- 12 May 1835 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars and commanded ships in several campaigns .
Air Commodore Colin McKay Grierson CBE ( 16 June 1906 - -1991 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Air Force during and after World War II . He joined the Royal Air Force ( RAF ) as an Aircraft Apprentice in 1921 .
Commodore William Compton Bolton ( died 1849 ) , born William Bolton Finch , was an officer in the United States Navy during the mid-19th century .
William Haviland ( 1718 -- 16 September 1784 ) was an Irish - born general in the British Army .
It is a characteristic radius associated with every quantity of mass . The Schwarzschild radius was named after the German astronomer Karl Schwarzschild , who calculated this exact solution for the theory of general relativity in 1916 .
Wardite was named for Henry Augustus Ward ( 1834 - -1906 ) of the University of Rochester in New York .
Hassium is a chemical element with symbol Hs and atomic number 108 , named after the German state of Hesse .
The Lamport signature cryptosystem was invented in 1979 and named after its inventor , Leslie Lamport .
Amsoldingersee is small lake adjacent to the town of Amsoldingen , in the Upper Gürbetal .
Mare Moscoviense ( `` Sea of Moscow '' ) is a lunar mare that sits in the Moscoviense basin .
Graves ' disease owes its name to the Irish doctor Robert James Graves , who described a case of goitre with exophthalmos in 1835 .
The Faraday cup is named after Michael Faraday who first theorized ions around 1830 .
Albi Cathedral , formally the Cathedral Basilica of Saint Cecilia ( French : Basilique Cathédrale Sainte - Cécile d'Albi ) , is the most important Catholic building in Albi , France , and the seat of the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Albi ( in full , Albi - Castres - Lavaur ) .
The NCTE George Orwell Award for Distinguished Contribution to Honesty and Clarity in Public Language ( the Orwell Award for short ) , `` established in 1975 and given by the National Council of Teachers of English Public Language Award Committee , recognizes writers who have made outstanding contributions to the critical analysis of public discourse . ''
Ahmet Yesevi University ( Turkish : Ahmet Yesevi Üniversitesi ) is a university in the city of Turkistan in Kazakhstan , named for the twelfth - century Sufi poet Khoja Akhmet Yassawi .
The Teclu burner is a laboratory gas burner , a variant of the Bunsen burner , named after the Romanian chemist Nicolae Teclu .
Corkite is named after County Cork , Ireland ; the location where the first notable amount was discovered in 1869 .
Tenorite was named in 1841 after the Italian botanist Michele Tenore ( 1780 - 1861 ) .
The Rooney Prize for Irish Literature was created in 1976 by the Irish American businessman Dan Rooney , owner and chairman of the NFL Pittsburgh Steelers franchise and former U.S. Ambassador to Ireland .
The Kenyatta International Conference Centre , colloquially known as the `` KICC '' , now known as the Kenyatta International Convention Centre , was commissioned by Mzee Jomo Kenyatta , the 1st President of the Republic of Kenya , in 1967 .
The Central Collegiate Institute was renamed Hendrix College in 1889 in honor of Rev. Eugene Russell Hendrix , a presiding bishop over three Arkansas Methodist conferences .
In computer science , Ukkonen 's algorithm is a linear - time , online algorithm for constructing suffix trees , proposed by Esko Ukkonen in 1995 .
The Holzer Permaculture is a branch of permaculture developed independently from the mainstream permaculture in Austria by Sepp Holzer .
The Juno clump is a probable main - belt asteroid family in the vicinity of 3 Juno .
Charlesite was named in 1945 after Dr. Charles Palache , mineralogist and professor at Harvard University for his known work with minerals .
Boole 's inequality is named after George Boole .
Padania is an alternative name for the Po Valley , a major plain in the north of Italy .
The Beckmann rearrangement , named after the German chemist Ernst Otto Beckmann ( 1853 - -1923 ) , is an acid - catalyzed rearrangement of an oxime to an amide .
Hansen 's problem is a problem in planar surveying , named after the astronomer Peter Andreas Hansen ( 1795 - -1874 ) , who worked on the geodetic survey of Denmark .
During Nikita Khrushchev 's second wave of destalinization in November 1961 the city was renamed Donetsk , after the Seversky Donets River , a tributary of the Don in order to distance it from the former leader Joseph Stalin .
Niedermayrite was named for Gerhard Niedermayr ( born 1941 ) , an Austrian mineralogist .
Mnev 's universality theorem was discovered by Nikolai Mnev in his Ph . D. thesis .
The Leitner system is a widely used method of efficiently using flashcards that was proposed by the German science journalist Sebastian Leitner in the 1970s .
Santo Spirito in Sassia ( Church of the Holy Spirit in the Saxon district ) is a 12th - century titular church in Rome .
The Cutter Expansive Classification system is a library classification system devised by Charles Ammi Cutter .
Young tableaux were introduced by Alfred Young , a mathematician at Cambridge University , in 1900 .
Raymond Cordy ( 9 December 1898 -- 23 April 1956 ) was a French film actor , born Raymond Cordiaux .
Jimmy Tavares ( born November 20 , 1984 ) is a French figure skater and actor .
Major - General Pierre Bonnemains , Baron of Bonnemains ( 13 September 1773 in Tréauville -- 9 November 1850 in Mesnil - Garnier , was a French officer during the Napoleonic Wars and a member of the French Parliament . Bonnemains ' name is inscribed on the southern pillar of the Arc de Triomphe in Paris .
Vim Karénine ( born August 6 , 1933 ) is an American and French poet , a haiku poet and a novelist .
Stanislao Loffreda , O.F.M. , ( born 15 January 1932 ) is an Italian Franciscan friar , archaeologist , Palestinian pottery expert and Bible scholar .
Jean - Marc Morandini ( 5 August 1965 ) is a French journalist .
Larisa Israelevna Mondrus ( Russian : Лари́са Изра́илевна Мо́ндрус , Latvian : Larisa Mondrusa , German : Larissa Mondrus ; born 15 November 1943 ) is a Soviet singer ( soprano ) , who was popular in the USSR in the 1960s .
Jelle Zijlstra ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjɛlə ˈzɛilstraː ) ; 27 August 1918 -- 23 December 2001 ) was a Dutch politician of the now defunct Anti Revolutionary Party ( ARP ) which merged in 1977 into the Christian Democratic Appeal ( CDA ) .
Olivier Hussenot ( 10 September 1913 -- 25 August 1978 ) was a French theatre and film actor .
André Barsacq ( 24 January 1909 -- 8 July 1973 ) was a French theatre director , producer , scenic designer , and playwright .
Achille Maffre de Baugé ( 16 March 1855 -- 1928 ) was an Occitan poet , native of Marseillan in the French département of l'Hérault ) .
Roger Poidatz ( 1894 -- 14 August 1976 ) was a French writer best known by his pseudonym , Thomas Raucat .
Michèle Girardon ( August 9 , 1938 -- March 25 , 1975 ) , sometimes credited as Michele Girardon , was a French actress .
Brigitte Roüan ( born 28 September 1946 ) is a French director , screenwriter and actress .
Pierre Pujo ( 19 November 1929 , Boulogne - Billancourt - 10 November 2007 ) was the leader of the leading French monarchist group Action Française until his death on 10 November 2007 .
Noël Valois ( 4 May 1855 , Paris -- 11 November 1915 , Paris ) , was a French historian .
Clément Armand Fallières ( French pronunciation : ​(aʁmɑ̃ faljɛʁ ) ; 6 November 1841 -- 22 June 1931 ) was a French politician , president of the French republic from 1906 to 1913 .
Jean Ogier de Gombauld ( 1576 - -1666 ) was a French playwright and poet .
Romain Gavras ( born 4 July 1981 in Athens , Greece ) is a Greek French director , best known overseas for directing M.I.A. 's controversial video for `` Born Free '' .
Joseph Albert Alexandre Glatigny ( May 21 , 1839 , at Lilleborne , Seine Inférieure - April 16 , 1873 , at Sèvres ) , was a French poet , comedian and playwright .
François - Régis Bastide ( 1 July 1926 ; Biarritz -- 16 April 1996 ; Paris ) was a French writer , diplomat , politician , and radio host .
Pascal Sevran ( 16 October 1945 -- 9 May 2008 ) was a French TV presenter and author .
Kim Chunsu was one of the leading South Korean poets of the late twentieth century .
Henri Guilbeaux ( 1885 - -1938 ) was a French socialist politician .
Marie - Georges - Jean Méliès , known as Georges Méliès ( /meɪˈljɛs/ ; French : ( meljɛs ) ; 8 December 1861 -- 21 January 1938 ) , was a French illusionist and filmmaker famous for leading many technical and narrative developments in the earliest days of cinema .
Robert Badinter ( French : ( badɛ̃tɛʁ ) ; born 30 March 1928 ) is a French criminal lawyer , university professor , politician and activist against the death penalty , the abolition of which he successfully sponsored in Parliament in 1981 .
Melchior Joseph Eugène Daumas ( October 4 , 1803 in Delémont , Switzerland -- May 1871 in Camblanes ) , was a French general and writer .
Marie Déa ( born Odette Alice Marie Deupès 17 May 1912 - 1 March 1992 ) was a French actress .
Huguette Bouchardeau ( born 1935 in Saint - Étienne , Loire ) is a French socialist politician , as well as a publisher ( founder of HB Éditions ) , essayist , and biographer .
Jean - François Mattei ( born 14 January 1943 in Lyon , France ) , is a French doctor and politician .
Marceline Desbordes - Valmore ( June 20 , 1786 -- July 23 , 1859 ) was a French poet and novelist .
Henri - François Rey ( July 31 , 1919 in Toulouse - July 22 , 1987 in Paris ) was a French writer , dramaturge and screenwriter .
Ferdinand - Sigismond Bach , known as Ferdinand Bac , ( 15 August 1859 - 18 November 1952 ) was a French cartoonist , artist and writer , son of an illegitimate nephew of the Emperor Napoleon .
André Birabeau ( 1890 - 1974 ) was a French novelist , playwright and screenwriter .
Jean Ferré ( 29 May 1929 , Saint - Pierre - les - Églises , now part of Chauvigny , Vienne , -- 10 October 2006 , Saint - Germain - en - Laye ) was a French art historian and a right - political journalist .
Louis Marie de La Révellière - Lépeaux ( 24 August 1753 -- 24 March 1824 ) was a deputy to the National Convention during the French Revolution .
Helmut Brandt ( born 24 October 1950 in Bardenberg , Würselen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a German politician , member of the CDU , and Legal Counsel ( Justiziar ) for the CDU / CSU Parliamentary Group .
Jeanne - Marie Sens ( born 8 December 1937 in Paris ) is a French singer , songwriter , author and editor .
Octave Aubry ( 1 September 1881 , Paris -- 27 March 1946 ) was a French novelist and historian .
Birgit Schnieber - Jastram ( born July 4 , 1946 in Hamburg ) is a German politician and representative of the German Christian Democratic Union .
Antoine Pol ( born in Douai on August 23 , 1888 ; died in Seine - Port on June 21 , 1971 ) was a French poet .
Alexandra Paschalidou - Moreti , Greek :
Florence Guérin ( born on 12 June 1965 ) , also known as Florence Nicolas , is a French actress .
Pierre Roger Ducos ( 25 July 1747 -- 16 March 1816 ) , better known as Roger Ducos , was a French political figure during the Revolution and First Empire , a member of the National Convention , and of the Directory .
Léopold Héder ( born August 16 , 1918 in Cayenne , French Guiana , and died June 9 , 1978 in Cambo - les - Bains , France ) was a socialist politician from French Guiana who served in the French Senate from 1971 - -1978 and in the French National Assembly from 1962 - 1967 .
Glenmor was the stage name of Emile Le Scanf ( 1931 - -1996 ) , a Breton protest singer who sought to preserve the Breton language and adapt local traditions of folk singing to the radical culture of the 1960s and 70s .
Edmond Valléry Gressier ( 21 December 1813 , Corbie -- 1 November 1892 ) was a French lawyer , senator for Somme ( and President of its General Council ) and the Minister of Agriculture of France during the Franco - Prussian War .
Frédéric Beigbeder ( French : ( fʁedeʁik bɛɡbeˈde ) ; born 21 September 1965 ) is a French writer , literary critic and a TV presenter .
Avrom Reyzen ( Abraham Reisen ) ( 1876 -- 1953 ) was a Yiddish writer , poet and editor , and the elder brother of the Yiddishist Zalman Reisen .
Nicole Péry ( born 15 May 1943 ) , is a French socialist politician .
François Missoffe ( 13 October 1919 in Toulon , France -- 28 August 2003 in Rouen ) was a French politician and diplomat .
Coenraad Jacob Temminck ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈkunraːt ˈjaːkɔp ˈtɛmɪŋk ) ; 31 March 1778 -- 30 January 1858 ) was a Dutch aristocrat , zoologist , and museum director .
Yannis Dragasakis ( Greek : Γιάννης Δραγασάκης ; born 1 January 1947 ) is a Greek politician and the current Deputy Prime Minister of Greece .
Charles - Jean - Marie Alquier ( 13 October 1752 - 3 February 1826 ) , was a French diplomat .
Ernst Umhauer ( born 2 December 1989 ) is a French actor who is best known for his role as Claude Garcia in the 2012 film In The House , directed by François Ozon .
Joseph Bédier ( 28 January 1864 -- 29 August 1938 ) was a French writer and scholar and historian of medieval France .
Pierre Palau ( 13 August 1883 -- 3 December 1966 ) , often known simply as Palau , was a French actor .
Paul Jean Pierre Sauzet ( 23 March 1800 -- 12 July 1876 ) was a French lawyer and politician from Lyon who was Minister of Justice and Religious Affairs for a few months in 1836 and was President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1839 until the February Revolution of 1848 .
Kilien Stengel ( born 1972 in Nevers ( Nièvre ) ) , is a French gastronomic author , restaurateur , and cookbook writer .
Denis Pozder ( born 11 December 1989 ) is a German footballer of Bosnian descent who currently plays for FC Den Bosch .
Henri Philippe de Chauvelin ( 1714 - -1770 ) was a French cleric and politician .
Jérôme Charvet is a French actor who has appeared in films since 2005 .
Martin Meissonnier is a French journalist , producer , director and composer .
Gérard Klein ( born 1937 ) , known also as Gilles d'Argyre , is a French science fiction writer with sociological training .
Frédéric - Louis Sauser ( September 1 , 1887 -- January 21 , 1961 ) , better known as Blaise Cendrars , was a Swiss - born novelist and poet who became a naturalized French citizen in 1916 .
Jean Sainteny or Jean Roger ( 29 May 1907 , Vésinet -- 25 February 1978 ) was a French politician who was sent to Vietnam after the end of the Second World War in order to accept the surrender of the Japanese forces and to attempt to reincorporate Vietnam into French Indochina .
François Lochon ( born 16 May 1954 ) is a French photojournalist .
Jang Seoknam ( Hangul : 장석남 ) is a South Korean poet .
Charles Brifaut ( 15 February 1781 , Dijon -- 5 June 1857 , Paris ) was a French poet , journalist , publicist and playwright .
David - Augustin de Brueys ( 1640 -- 25 November 1723 ) was a French theologian and dramatist .
André Pieyre de Mandiargues ( 14 March 1909 -- 13 December 1991 ) was a French writer born in Paris .
Julius Isidor Rosenthal ( 16 July 1836 -- 2 January 1915 ) was a German physiologist who was a native of Labischin .
Adolphe Vuitry ( 31 March 1813 -- 23 June 1885 ) was a French lawyer , economist and politician .
Paul Brousse ( French : ( bʁus ) ; January 23 , 1844 -- April 1 , 1912 ) was a French socialist , leader of the possibilistes group .
Donald Reignoux ( born 1982 ) is a French actor best known for his dubbing and radio roles .
Léon Lévy Brunswick ( 20 April 1805 , in Paris -- 29 July 1859 , in Le Havre ) was a French playwright .
Albin Théodore Denys Colomb de Daunant ( 21 November 1922 -- 22 March 2006 ) was a French writer , poet , photographer and filmmaker , best known for his work on the multi - award - winning 1953 short film White Mane .
André Maranne ( born 1926 ) is a French actor , best known for playing Frenchmen in English - language roles in the UK from the mid-1950s .
Pierre Autin - Grenier ( French : ( otɛ̃ gʁənje ) ; 4 April 1947 -- 12 April 2014 ) was a French author .
Carl Linnaeus (; 23 May 1707 -- 10 January 1778 ) , also known after his ennoblement as Carl von Linné ( ) , was a Swedish botanist , physician , and zoologist , who formalised the modern system of naming organisms called binomial nomenclature .
Jo Coenen ( born 30 September 1949 , in Heerlen ) is a Dutch architect and urban planner .
Pierre Rochefort ( born 1981 ) is a French actor and singer .
Jean Raphaël Adrien René Viviani ( French pronunciation : ​(ʁəne vivjaˈni ) ; 8 November 1863 -- 7 September 1925 ) was a French politician of the Third Republic , who served as Prime Minister for the first year of World War I. He was born in Sidi Bel Abbès , in French Algeria .
Jean Espariat was a French lawyer and politician .
Jean - Baptiste Puech is a French actor .
Anne - Marie Albiach ( 9 August 1937 -- 4 November 2012 ) was a contemporary French poet and translator .
Pierre - Alexandre - Laurent Forfait ( 21 April 1752 , Rouen -- 8 November 1807 , Rouen ) was a French engineer , hydrographer and politician , and Minister of the Navy .
Antoine Rault ( born September 28 , 1965 ) is a French dramatist and novelist .
Jacques Barrot ( 3 February 1937 -- 3 December 2014 ) was a French politician , who served as European Commissioner for Justice between 2008 and 2010 , after having spent four years serving as Commissioner for Transport ( 2004 - -2008 ) and Commissioner for Regional Policy for eight months ( 2004 ) .
Alexandra Popp ( born 6 April 1991 ) is a German footballer .
Jean - Louis Laya ( December 4 , 1761 -- August 25 , 1833 ) was a French dramatist born in Paris .
Charles Théveneau de Morande ( 1741 - -1805 ) was a gutter journalist , blackmailer and French spy who lived in London in the 18th century .
Louis Philippe , comte de Ségur ( 10 December 1753 -- 27 August 1830 ) was a French diplomat and historian .
Katrin Albsteiger ( née Poleschner , born 20 November 1983 ) is a German politician from the Christian Social Union of Bavaria .
Gabriel Pomerand ( c. 1926 - 1972 ) was a French poet , artist and a co - founder of lettrism .
Bryan Coquard ( born 25 April 1992 ) is a French cyclist .
Robert d'Harcourt ( 23 November 1881 -- 18 June 1965 ) was a French Catholic intellectual , scholar of German culture and anti - Nazi polemicist .
After the French legislative elections of 2012 , Guillaume Garot was nominated Junior Minister for the Food Industry , under the authority of Stéphane Le Foll in the Jean - Marc Ayrault government .
Sonia Lagarde ( born Sonia Boyer 29 August 1948 ) is a French New Caledonian politician and the current mayor of Nouméa .
Loan Chabanol ( born 1982 ) is a French actress , artist , and model from Paris .
François Amédée Doppet ( 16 March 1753 -- 26 April 1799 ) was a Savoyard who briefly commanded three French armies during the French Revolutionary Wars without distinction .
George Henry Lewes ( /ˈluːɪs/ ; 18 April 1817 -- 30 November 1878 ) was an English philosopher and critic of literature and theatre .
Emmanuelle Seigner ( born 22 June 1966 ) is a French actress , former fashion model , and singer .
Gérard Berliner ( 1956 - -2010 ) was a French actor and composer .
Françoise Bourdin ( born 1952 ) is a best selling French novelist .
Paul Vigouroux ( 1919 - -1980 ) , also known as Mathieu Laurier , was a French political activist and anti - communist .
Léopold de Saussure ( 30 May 1866 -- 30 July 1925 ) was a Swiss - born French sinologist , pioneering scholar of ancient Chinese astronomy , and officer in the French navy .
Louis Didier Jousselin ( 1776 - -1858 ) was a French engineer .
Élisabeth Guigou ( French pronunciation : ​(elizabɛt ɡiˈɡu ) ; born Élisabeth Vallier ; 6 August 1946 ) is a French socialist politician .
Joyce Jonathan ( born 3 November 1989 in Levallois - Perret ) is a French singer and songwriter .
Jean - Jacques Germain Pelet - Clozeau ( 15 July 1777 -- 20 December 1858 ) joined the French army in 1800 and soon became a topographic engineer .
Jonkheer Willem van Haren ( February 21 , 1710 -- July 4 , 1768 ) was a Dutch nobleman and poet .
Céline Monsarrat ( born January 13 , 1954 ) is a French actress best known for her voice dubbing work .
Henri Duvernois ( 4 March 1875 in Paris - 30 January 1937 in Paris ) was a French screenwriter .
Olympe Bradna ( 12 August 1920 -- 5 November 2012 ) was a French dancer and actress , who emigrated to the United States where she lived for the rest of her life .
Jean - Charles Gervaise de Latouche ( 26 November 1715 , in Amiens - 28 November 1782 ) , was a French writer .
Jornal da Globo ( Globo Journal ) is the late night news show broadcast by the Brazilian television channel Rede Globo .
My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad is a reality sports TV show on NBC that premiered on February 18 , 2008 .
The Unforeseen was a Canadian drama television series which aired on CBC Television from 1958 to 1960 .
G vs E ( later retitled Good vs. Evil ) is an American fantasy - based television action series that had its first season air on USA Network during the summer and autumn of 1999 .
The British at Work is a four - part BBC Two documentary series , broadcast in 2011 .
Fairly Legal is a television series which aired on USA Network from January 20 , 2011 , to June 15 , 2012 .
Game of Homes is a Canadian reality television series , which premiered on W Network on March 17 , 2015 .
St. Lawrence North is a Canadian documentary television series which first aired on CBC Television in 1960 .
The South Bank Show is a television arts magazine show that was produced by ITV between 1978 and 2010 .
Michael Palin 's New Europe is a travel documentary presented by Michael Palin and first aired in the UK on the BBC on 16 September 2007 and in the US on the Travel Channel on 28 January 2008 .
Boyster is a French - British , 2D CGI TV series that premiered on Disney XD on June 16 , 2014 .
My New Best Friend was a hidden camera comedy game show that aired on Channel 4 from 8 August to 12 September 2003 .
Directions in Music is a Canadian music television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1961 .
Almost Live ! is a local sketch comedy television show in Seattle , Washington , USA , produced and broadcast by NBC affiliate KING - TV from 1984 to 1999 .
My Coolest Years is a television program that aired on VH1 in which actors , musicians , and other celebrities reminisce about their high school years .
El elegido ( English : The Chosen ) is an Argentine telenovela produced by El Árbol and aired by Telefe .
Some scripts used in The Eddie Capra Mysteries were adapted from scripts intended for the canceled 1975 - -1976 NBC series Ellery Queen .
Marcel 's Quantum Kitchen is an American television program broadcast by the Syfy channel .
Sgorio is a football television programme produced by Rondo Media for S4C.
Tiswas ( `` Today Is Saturday Watch And Smile '' ) is a Saturday morning children 's British television series which ran from 5 January 1974 to 3 April 1982 and was produced for the ITV network by ATV Network Limited .
Weekend View was a weekend weather program on The Weather Channel that aired from 5 - 11 a.m. Eastern Time .
Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli ( English : I 've Spent My Childhood Here ) , produced by Rajshri Productions , was an Indian dramatic serial that aired on Zee TV Monday to Friday evenings .
Hec Ramsey is a television Western starring Richard Boone , a creation of Jack Webb 's production company , Mark VII Limited in association with Universal Studios , broadcast in the United States by NBC as part of the NBC Mystery Movie wheel show during the 1972 - 73 and 1973 - 74 seasons .
Naked Science is an American documentary television series that premiered in 2004 on the National Geographic Channel and ran through November 2011 .
Love of Life is an American soap opera which aired on CBS from September 24 , 1951 , to February 1 , 1980 .
The Most Extreme is a documentary television series on the American cable television network , Animal Planet .
CrossTalk is a current affairs debate television program on RT . Billed as the flagship program of the network , it is hosted by American journalist Peter Lavelle from RT 's studios in Moscow .
Idiotest ( a portmanteau of `` idiot '' and `` test '' and stylized as Id!otest ) is an American television game show broadcast by Game Show Network ( GSN ) .
The Mentalist is an American police procedural television series that ran from September 23 , 2008 until February 18 , 2015 , broadcasting 151 episodes over seven seasons , on CBS .
PGA Tour on ABC is the de facto branding used for telecasts of the main professional golf tournaments of the PGA Tour on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) television network in the United States .
Kratts ' Creatures is a half - hour children 's television program on PBS Kids .
Bridezillas is an American reality television series that airs on WE tv and debuted on June 1 , 2004 .
Ti Ti Ti ( International Title : The Buzz ) is a Brazilian telenovela that originally aired on Rede Globo from July 19 , 2010 to March 17 , 2011 .
The World According to Paris is an American reality television series on Oxygen that premiered on June 1 , 2011 .
The Debbie Reynolds Show is an American situation comedy which aired on the NBC television network during the 1969 - 70 television season .
Mouseterpiece Theater is an American television show that ran on The Disney Channel that premiered on the channel 's launch date on April 18 , 1983 , and continued with reruns into the 1990s .
Live - In is an American sitcom that aired on CBS from March 20 , 1989 to May 29 , 1989 .
The John Forsythe Show began as a situation comedy in the fall of 1965 on NBC , but at mid - season it switched to a spy show .
Real Chance of Love ( season 1 ) is the first season of the VH1 reality television dating series entitled Real Chance of Love .
Scott Baio Is 46 ... and Pregnant is an American reality series that aired on VH1 from January to March 2008 .
Breakfast Time aired only on Mondays to Fridays on BBC One , compared to a seven day a week service offered by their rivals TV - AM on ITV .
The Dead Files is an American paranormal television series that premiered on September 23 , 2011 , on the Travel Channel .
The Bozo Show is a locally produced children 's television program that aired on WGN - TV in Chicago and nationally on what is now WGN America .
Welsh television station S4C provided some of the funding for Gogs ( and originally aired the show on Welsh television ) , as did Harlech Television ( HTV ) , and Siriol Productions .
The People 's Choice Awards is broadcast on CBS and is produced by Procter & Gamble and Survivor producer , Mark Burnett .
Patent Bending is a Canadian reality television series that premiered August 22 , 2006 , on the Discovery Channel .
Football 120 ( Persian : فوتبال 120 ; Persian pronunciation : ( ˌfutbɒl sædɵbist ) ) is a football TV programme which is broadcast live on Thursday nights on IRIB Varzesh TV and the recorded version is aired on Fridays on IRIB TV3 .
New York Times Youth Forum was a public affairs program , sponsored by The New York Times and aired Sundays at 5 pm EST on the now - defunct DuMont Television Network from September 14 , 1952 to June 14 , 1953 .
Breakout Kings is an American drama television series that aired on the A&E network .
Dos mujeres , un camino ( Two Women , One Path ) is a Mexican neo - noir telenovela , produced by Televisa , which originally aired from August 16 , 1993 to July 1 , 1994 , on Canal de las Estrellas .
Basketball Wives is an American reality television series that premiered April 11 , 2010 on VH1 .
The Charlotte Crosby Experience is a British television reality show on TLC , broadcast since 29 April 2014 .
Ice Loves Coco is an American reality television series that debut on E ! in the United States and Canada on June 12 , 2011 .
Renascer ( English : Revive ) is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo in 1993 .
Nukkad ( Street Corner ) was the name of a popular Hindi TV serial that aired on the Indian television channel DD National in 1986 - -87 .
Last Call with Carson Daly is an American late night television program hosted by Carson Daly and broadcast on NBC .
Wedi 7 ( After 7 ) was S4C 's nightly magazine programme .
MLB on Five is a sports television programme on Channel 5 in the UK providing live coverage of Major League Baseball games .
Monster Squad is a television series that aired Saturday mornings on NBC from 1976 - 1977 that is unrelated to the later movie of the same name .
Fantasy Island is an American television series that originally aired on the American Broadcasting Company network from 1977 to 1984 .
How to Look Good Naked is a television program , first aired on British Channel 4 in 2006 , in which fashion stylist Gok Wan encourages women and men who are insecure with their bodies to strip nude for the camera .
Carol & Company is an American comedy anthology series starring Carol Burnett , Peter Krause , Jeremy Piven , Meagen Fay , Terry Kiser , Anita Barone and Richard Kind which aired on NBC from March 31 , 1990 to July 20 , 1991 .
Major Dad is an American sitcom created by Richard C. Okie and John G. Stephens , developed by Earl Pomerantz , that originally ran from 1989 to 1993 on CBS , starring Gerald McRaney as Major John D. MacGillis and Shanna Reed as his wife Polly .
Inside the NBA is the postgame show for NBA on TNT broadcasts .
North Tonight was a Scottish nightly regional news programme covering the North of Scotland , produced by STV North ( formerly Grampian Television ) .
The Brian Keith Show ( originally titled The Little People ) is an American sitcom that aired on NBC from September 1972 to March 1974 .
Produced by Spartina Productions and CBS Television Studios , The Late Show with Stephen Colbert is the second iteration of CBS 's long - running Late Show franchise .
Famous Food is a VH1 reality series that premiered 10 July 2011 .
Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi is an Indian television drama show , which premiered on 9 September 2013 , on Zee TV .
Vietnam Rose ( Vietnamese : Hoa hồng Việt Nam ) is a television series that was aired on ABS - CBN .
The Commander Tom Show was a children 's television series that aired weekday afternoons on Channel 7 WKBW - TV in Buffalo , New York , premiering on December 20 , 1965 .
Mi corazón insiste en Lola Volcán ( My Heart Beats for Lola Volcan ) is a Spanish - language telenovela produced by the United States - based television network Telemundo .
The Raggy Dolls is a 1980s British cartoon series which originally aired on ITV from 1986 until 1994 .
North Woods Law is an American reality television series that debuted on March 11 , 2012 , on the Animal Planet .
Mord mit Aussicht ( Murder with a View ) is a German satirical crime comedy television series , produced by Pro TV Produktion GmbH and broadcast on Das Erste , following the adventures of Sophie Haas ( played by Caroline Peters ) , a detective from the city that takes a job in the fictional country village of Hengasch .
While working in the Mojena show the actors and creators of 20 Pisos de Historia resigned and joined Logroño to produce El Condominio , a 30 minute sitcom for WAPA - TV with the same characters and a similar premise , and new characters added .
Top Gear Motorsport was a British television programme , covering various forms of motor racing , broadcast on BBC Two from 1994 to 1998 .
The Burning Zone is a television drama broadcast on the UPN network as part of its 1996 - -97 lineup .
János Németh ( June 12 , 1906 in Budapest -- March 5 , 1988 in Madrid , Spain ) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Maurizio Stecca ( born March 9 , 1963 ) is an Italian former boxer , who won the Bantamweight Gold medal at the 1984 Summer Olympics .
Lan Wei ( Chinese : 蘭衛 ; born 7 May 1968 ) is a Chinese former diver who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Giovanni Parisi ( December 2 , 1967 -- March 25 , 2009 ) was an Italian boxer , who won the gold medal in the Men 's Featherweight ( -- 57 kg ) category at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul .
Albert Sala Moreno ( born July 15 , 1981 in Terrassa , Catalonia ) is a field hockey player from Spain , who finished in fourth position with the Men 's National Team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Erinn Smart ( born January 12 , 1980 ) is an American fencer who was a member of the United States Fencing Team at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , where she competed in the women 's individual and team foil events .
Choi Yong - sin ( born 21 May 1978 ) is a Korean former judoka who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Donald McWatters ( born 23 January 1941 ) is a former field hockey player from Australia , who won the bronze medal with the Men 's National Team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
Irina Sumnikova ( born 15 October 1964 in Minsk , Belarusian SSR ) is a Russian former basketball player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics , in the 1992 Summer Olympics , in the 1996 Summer Olympics , and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Ferenc Bene ( 17 December 1944 -- 27 February 2006 ) was a Hungarian football ( soccer ) player of Újpesti Dózsa , who was a member of the team that won the gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo , Japan .
Otakar Nožíř ( March 12 , 1917 in Ledeč nad Sázavou -- September 2 , 2006 in Olomouc ) was a Czech football midfielder who played for Czechoslovakia in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Hennadiy Horbenko ( born 22 September 1975 ) is an Ukrainian former hurdler who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Kristina Vaculik ( born July 9 , 1992 ) is a Canadian artistic gymnast who represented Canada at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Anna - Lena Forster ( born 15 June 1995 ) is a German para - alpine skier who competed at the 2014 Winter Paralympics , winning three medals .
Petya Nedelcheva was one of the competitors in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Wolfgang Heimlich ( born 1 March 1917 , date of death unknown ) was a German swimmer who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Anna Cohí Fornell ( born 5 October 1988 ) is a visually impaired Spanish para - alpine Paralympic skier who competed at the 2006 Winter Paralympics and 2010 Winter Paralympics .
Veljko Bakašun ( June 14 , 1920 -- July 17 , 2007 ) was a Croat water polo player who competed for Yugoslavia in the 1948 Summer Olympics and in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Rosie Bonds Kreidler ( born July 7 , 1944 ) competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics for the United States in the Women 's 80 metre hurdles .
Kuldip Gosal ( born 30 June 1946 ) is a Hong Kong and later Canadian former field hockey player who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
Hyun Hye - sung ( born 7 October 1986 ) , also spelled Hyeon Hye - seong , is a South Korean men 's field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Romolo Carpi ( born March 17 , 1900 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian tug of war competitor who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Klaus Weiß ( November 20 , 1944 -- June 2000 ) was an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Mihajlo Dimitrijević ( May 27 , 1927 -- November 2 , 1995 ) was a Serbian high jumper who competed for SFR Yugoslavia in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Zsuzsanna Vörös ( born 4 May 1977 in Székesfehérvár ) is a retired Hungarian modern pentathlete who won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Sabine Völker ( born 11 May 1973 in Erfurt , East Germany ) is a German former speed skater who won a gold medal in the women 's team pursuit at the 2006 Winter Olympics , after winning three individual medals at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City .
Jean - Paul Martin - du - Gard ( born 3 May 1927 in Paris ) is a French former athlete who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics .
Frano Vićan ( born 24 January 1976 in Dubrovnik ) is a Croatian water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
José Robinson ( born 14 February 1945 in Reynosa , Tamaulipas ) is a Mexican former diver who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics , in the 1968 Summer Olympics , and in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Guillermo Hayden Wright ( February 12 , 1872 -- 1949 ) was a Mexican polo player in the 1900 Summer Olympics .
Katia Zini ( born June 23 , 1981 in Sondalo , Italy ) is an Italian short track speed skater who won bronze in the 3000 m relay at the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Azize Tanrıkulu ( born February 9 , 1986 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish taekwondo athlete , who competed in the Women 's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing , China and won the silver medal .
Melanie Twitt ( born 7 October 1977 ) is an Australian field hockey player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Peter Clentzos ( June 15 , 1909 in Oakland , California -- September 11 , 2006 in Rancho Mirage , California ) was an American pole vaulter and the son of Greek immigrants who competed for Greece in the 1932 Summer Olympics .
Park Il - kap ( Hangul : 박일갑 , Hanja : 朴日甲 ; 21 March 1926 -- 11 September 1987 ) is a South Korean football forward who played for the South Korea in the 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Ruslan Olikhver ( Russian : Руслан Олихвер , born 11 April 1969 ) is a Russian former volleyball player of Lithuanian origin who competed for the Unified Team in the 1992 Summer Olympics and for Russia in the 1996 Summer Olympics and in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Tuo Tong ( born 27 April 1984 ) is a Chinese fencer who competed in the team épée event at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Felix Smeets ( 29 April 1904 -- 14 March 1961 ) was a Dutch footballer who earned 14 caps for the Dutch national side between 1927 and 1927 , scoring 7 goals , and participated at the 1928 Summer Olympics .
Margery Hinton ( 25 June 1915 -- February 1996 ) was an English breaststroke and freestyle swimmer who competed for Great Britain in the 1928 Summer Olympics , 1932 Summer Olympics , and 1936 Summer Olympics .
Dennis Shepherd ( 11 October 1926 -- 12 June 2006 ) was a South African boxer who won the silver medal in the featherweight division at the 1948 Summer Olympics in London .
Kurt Hornfischer ( 1 February 1910 in Gera -- 18 January 1958 in Nuremberg ) was a German wrestler who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
LT United is a six - piece alternative - pop musical group created in 2006 for the sole purpose of representing Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest 2006 .
Steve Moyers ( born September 23 , 1956 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a retired soccer forward from the United States , who was a member of the American squad that competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles , California .
Jim Gault ( born 24 April 1954 ) is a wheelchair curler who competed for Great Britain at the 2014 Winter Paralympics after being called up as a replacement for Tom Killin who pulled out due to illness .
Albert Corey ( birth name Louis Albert Coray ; born 1878 , date of death unknown ) was a French athlete who competed at the 1904 Summer Olympics held in St. Louis , Missouri , United States .
Eva Piñera Piñera ( born July 1 , 1974 in Gijón , Asturias ) is a former backstroke swimmer from Spain , who competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia for her native country .
Simone Cercato ( born February 25 , 1975 in Dolo ) is a freestyle swimmer from Italy , who won the bronze medal in the men 's 4×200 m freestyle event at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , alongside Emiliano Brembilla , Filippo Magnini , and Massimiliano Rosolino .
Élodie Bertrand ( born 9 January 1981 ) is a French sailor who competed in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the Elliott 6 m class with Claire Leroy and Marie Riou coming 6th overall .
Donna Ritchie ( born 28 December 1963 in Manly , New South Wales is a wheelchair basketball player from Australia . She was part of the silver medal winning Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2000 Summer Paralympics .
Christoph Kunz ( born 24 March 1982 ) is an alpine skier who won a gold and a silver medal for Switzerland at the 2010 Winter Paralympics .
María del Carmen Martín ( born 1 September 1976 ) is a Spanish field hockey player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Josef Trousil ( born 2 February 1935 in Městečko ) is a Czech former sprinter who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics , in the 1960 Summer Olympics , and in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Rie Shito ( born 26 August 1973 ) is a Japanese former swimmer who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics .
Ulrich Lind ( born 4 November 1942 in Heilbronn ) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics , the 1984 Summer Olympics , and the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Adam Wheeler ( born March 24 , 1981 ) is an American wrestler , best known for his bronze medal performance at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Alena Kováčová ( born 10 November 1978 in Poprad ) is a Slovak former basketball player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics .
F. Roques was a member of the silver medal winning French cricket team at the 1900 Summer Olympics , the only time that cricket has featured in the Olympics .
Martina Zubčić ( born June 3 , 1989 in Zagreb ) is a Croatian taekwondo athlete , who competed in the Women 's 57 kg class at the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing , China and won the bronze medal .
Christmastime is Here Again 1990 Silverbarn 1994 : `` Stjärnorna '' ( Roger Pontare & Marie Bergman ) ( 13th in Eurovision Song Contest 1994 ) 1999 :
Robert Gary ( born April 5 , 1973 ) is a retired American track and field athlete who competed in the 3,000 meter steeplechase at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Özge Akın qualified for participation in the 4x400 m relay event at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Roswietha Zobelt ( née Reichel , born November 24 , 1954 ) is a German rower who competed for East Germany in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics .
Mariné Russo ( born January 9 , 1980 in Quequén ) is a retired field hockey player from Argentina who won the silver medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the bronze medal at the 2004 and 2008 Summer Olympics with the national field hockey team .
Zhao Guisheng ( born 1 January 1961 ) is a Chinese sport shooter who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Søren Madsen ( born 31 May 1976 ) is a Danish rower who won a bronze medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics .
Claudio Liverziani ( born 4 March 1975 ) is an Italian baseball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics , in the 2000 Summer Olympics , and in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Bekzat Sattarkhanov ( Kazakh : Бекзат Саттарханов ; April 4 , 1980 in Turkistan -- December 31 , 2000 in Shymkent ) was a Kazakh boxer who competed in the men 's featherweight division ( 57 kg ) at the 2000 Summer Olympics and won the gold medal .
Cha Jong - bok ( born 29 January 1980 ) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Ioannis Thomakos ( born 14 March 1977 ) is a Greek water polo player who competed in the 2000 Summer Olympics , in the 2004 Summer Olympics , and in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Arnold Alcolea Nuñez ( born 25 April 1982 ) is a Cuban racing cyclist who competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics .
Zdeňka Honsová ( 3 July 1927 in Jihlava -- 16 May 1994 ) was a Czech gymnast who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics .
Belinda Schmid ( born 31 January 1981 ) is a Swiss former synchronized swimmer who competed in the 2000 and 2004 Summer Olympics .
Patricia Stokkers ( born May 1 , 1976 in Utrecht ) is a former freestyle swimmer from the Netherlands , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
André Leducq ( pronounced : ( ɑ̃.dʁe lə.dyk ) ; 27 February 1904 -- 18 June 1980 ) was a French cyclist who won the 1930 and 1932 Tour de France .
Tsoanelo Pholo ( born 13 December 1982 in Johannesburg ) is a field hockey player from South Africa , who was a member of the national squad that finished 9th at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens .
André Neury ( 3 September 1921 -- 9 May 2001 ) is a Swiss football defender who played for Switzerland in the 1950 and 1954 FIFA World Cup .
Liang Yan ( simplified Chinese : 梁艳 , born October 4 , 1961 ) is a Chinese volleyball player , who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics .
James Cater ( died April 17 , 1947 ) was a British boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics .
Edward Craig Klass ( born June 20 , 1965 in Wiesbaden , Hessen ) is a former water polo player who won the silver medal for the United States at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea .
Erin Gammel ( born March 13 , 1980 ) is a competition swimmer from Canada , who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Craig Ward McLanahan ( January 15 , 1883 -- December 11 , 1974 ) was an American track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 Summer Olympics .
Karl Leban ( 27 November 1908 -- 28 July 1941 ) was an Austrian speed skater and modern pentathlete who competed in the 1936 Winter Olympics and in the 1936 Summer Olympics .
José Bernardo Piñango ( born February 9 , 1960 in Caracas ) is a retired boxer from Venezuela , who won the silver medal in the Bantamweight division ( -54 kg ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Jure Franko ( listen ) ( born 28 March 1962 in Nova Gorica ) is a Slovenian former alpine skier , best known for winning a giant slalom silver medal at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo .
László Mihályfi ( born 21 September 1939 in Mezőkeresztes ) is a Hungarian former sprinter who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
George Parkman ( February 19 , 1790 -- November 23 , 1849 ) , a Boston Brahmin and a member of one of Boston 's richest families , was a prominent physician , businessman , and philanthropist , as well the victim in the sensationally gruesome Parkman-- Webster murder case , which shook Boston in 1849 - -1850 .
One of the most popular athletes in Greece , Nikolaos Kaklamanakis is a three - time Mistral class windsurfing world champion and a gold medalist at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Sailing .
Sally McDermid ( born 6 June 1965 in Mytholmroyd , Yorkshire , England ) is a former softball outfielder from Australia , who won a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics and 2000 Summer Olympics .
Konstantin Sats ( born 28 April 1982 ) is a former Russian alpine skier who competed in the 2006 Winter Olympics .
Although little known outside of her native Colombia , Shakira was invited to perform at Chile 's Viña del Mar International Song Festival in February 1993 .
Ferenc Hammang ( born 20 May 1944 ) is a Hungarian fencer , who won a bronze medal in the team sabre competition at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow together with György Nébald , Rudolf Nébald , Imre Gedővári and Pál Gerevich .
Alfred Goeldel - Bronikowen ( born 12 March 1882 , date of death unknown ) was a German sports shooter who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics .
Lauren Campbell ( née Groves , born September 2 , 1981 ) is a triathlete from Canada , who won the bronze medal at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , and competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing .
Paula Harmokivi ( born May 20 , 1975 in Lahti ) is a former freestyle swimmer from Finland , who competed for her native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta , Georgia .
Ma Yongfeng ( born 28 November 1962 ) is a Chinese former shot putter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics .
Kaori Kusuda ( née Kawakami , 楠田香穂里、旧姓川上、born 29 May 1974 ) is a Japanese former basketball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
G. Van Den Burgh was an Indonesian football midfielder who played for the Dutch East Indies in the 1938 FIFA World Cup .
Mihály Kozma ( born 1 November 1949 ) was a Hungarian football midfielder , who played for Budapest Honvéd FC and Belgium 's Waterschei He won a silver medal in football at the 1972 Summer Olympics , and also participated in UEFA Euro 1972 for the Hungary national football team .
Leonardo Salinas Saldaña ( born 8 April 1980 in Monterrey , Nuevo León ) is a Mexican swimmer who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Samuel Balmer ( born May 1 , 1968 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for EHC Basel in Switzerland 's National League A. Balmer has participated as a member of the Swiss national team in numerous international tournaments , including the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Prvoslav Ilić ( January 25 , 1952 ) is a Serbian former wrestler who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics where he won 5th place .
Elsemia Marianne Helene `` Els '' van Noorduyn ( born 25 May 1946 ) is a retired Dutch shot putter who finished in eighth place at the 1968 Summer Olympics with a throw of 16.23 m. She runs her sports - related company Els van Noorduyn B.V.
Jürgen Hildebrand ( born July 24 , 1948 ) is an East German former handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics .
Grzegorz Cziura ( 3 January 1952 in Knurów -- 17 July 2004 in Siemianowice Śląskie ) was a Polish weightlifter who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics and in the 1976 Summer Olympics .
He Jun ( born 3 March 1969 ) is a Chinese former basketball player who competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics and in the 1996 Summer Olympics .
Hwang Ok - sil ( born 25 March 1972 ) is a North Korean short track speed skater , who won bronze in the 500 m at the 1992 Winter Olympics .
Frédéric Blackburn ( born December 21 , 1972 , in Chicoutimi , Quebec ) is a Canadian short track speed skater who competed in the 1992 Winter Olympics and in the 1994 Winter Olympics .
Mario Santibáñez ( born 1 February 1950 in Mexico City ) is a Mexican swimmer who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Simon Shirley ( born 3 August 1966 in Nottingham , United Kingdom ) is a retired decathlete who competed for Australia at the 1986 Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh , Scotland and the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul , South Korea , and for England at the 1994 Commonwealth Games in Victoria , Canada .
Sophie Nogler ( 25 April 1924 -- 12 October 2015 ) was an Austrian alpine skier who competed in the 1948 Winter Olympics .
Graham Boase ( born 12 October 1941 ) is an Australian former triple jumper who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics .
Robert Prentice ( 4 July 1917 -- June 1987 ) was an Australian long - distance runner who competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics .
Denis Ségui Kragbé ( 10 April 1938 -- 4 July 1998 ) was an Ivorian shot putter and discus thrower who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics and in the 1968 Summer Olympics .
Robert Ermon Shadoin , known principally as Rob Shadoin ( born August 24 , 1953 ) , is a Republican current member of the Louisiana House of Representatives for District 12 , which includes Lincoln and Union parishes in North Louisiana .
Jeffrey Earl Habay ( commonly known as Jeff Habay ) is a former Republican member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , who was elected to represent the 30th legislative district in the Pennsylvania House of Representatives in 1994 at the age of 28 .
Atal Bihari Vajpayee ( born 25 December 1924 ) is an Indian statesman who was the 10th Prime Minister of India , first for 13 days in 1996 and then from 1998 to 2004 .
Irene Bustamante Adams ( born in 1968 in Hanford , California ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Nevada Assembly since February 7 , 2011 representing District 42 .
Pierre de Gondi , cardinal de Retz ( 1533 - -1616 ) was a French bishop and cardinal of the Gondi family .
Carlo Emanuele Madruzzo ( 5 November 1599 -- 15 December 1658 ) was the prince - bishop of Trento from January 1629 until his death .
Raul Khajimba ( Abkhaz : Рауль Ҳаџьымба , Georgian : რაულ ჰაჯიმბა ; born 21 March 1958 ) is the current de - facto President of Abkhazia , having been elected in 2014 after the May Revolution .
Thomas Theodore Crittenden ( January 1 , 1832 -- May 29 , 1909 ) was a United States colonel during the American Civil War , and a Democratic politician who served as the 24th Governor of Missouri from 1881 to 1885 .
Louis - Édouard - François - Desiré Pie ( 26 September 1815 -- 18 May 1880 ) , also referred to as Cardinal Pie , was a French Catholic bishop of Poitiers and cardinal , known for his ultramontanism and defence of the social reign of Christ the King .
The Irish annals merely record that Cadla Ua Dubthaig , i.e. archbishop of Connachta , rested in Cunga Feíchín .
Robert Franklin Deuell , known as Bob Deuell ( born 11 March 1950 ) is a physician from Greenville , Texas , who was a Republican member of the Texas Senate .
Ennio Antonelli ( born 18 November 1936 ) is an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and retired President of the Pontifical Council for the Family .
Haim Landau ( Hebrew : חיים לנדאו‎ , 10 September 1916 -- 16 October 1981 ) was an Israeli independence fighter , Knesset member and Minister in the government of Menachem Begin .
Seth Padelford ( October 3 , 1807 -- August 26 , 1878 ) was the 31st Governor of Rhode Island from 1869 to 1873 .
Jan Heemskerk Abrahamszoon ( Dutch pronunciation : ( jɑn ˈɦeːmskɛrk ˈaːbraːɦɑmsˌsoːn ) ; 30 July 1818 -- 9 October 1897 ) was a Dutch politician who served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 1874 to 1877 , and again from 1883 to 1888 .
In 2001 , at the request of Emma Bonino , former Humanitarian Aid Commissioner , François Zimeray went to Laos in order to defend and free a member of the European Parliament , as well as four other human rights defenders .
Joseph Hitti or Joseph Habib Hitti ( born 30 September 1925 in Aytou , Lebanon ) is a Maronite eparch and former bishop of the Maronite Catholic Eparchy of Saint Maron of Sydney .
Philibert Tsiranana ( 18 October 1912 -- 16 April 1978 ) was a Malagasy politician and leader , who served as the first President of Madagascar from 1959 to 1972 .
Kenneth S. George , known as Kenn George ( born June 25 , 1948 ) , is a self - employed businessman in Dallas , Texas , who served from 1999 - 2003 as a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 108 , which covers the heart of Dallas County .
Kunga Lotro Gyaltsen ( Wylie : Kun dga ' blo gros rgyal mts'an ) ( 1299 - 1327 ) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor ( Dishi ) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty .
Marc Antoine René de Voyer , Marquis de Paulmy and 3rd Marquis d'Argenson ( 1757 ) ( 22 November 1722 , Valenciennes -- 13 August 1787 ) , was a French ambassador to Switzerland , Poland , Venice and to the Holy See ; and later Minister of War .
Ahmed Arifi Pasha ( 1819 or 1830 - -1895/96 ) was a Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire in 1879 .
Ernesto Nathan ( 5 October 1848 - 9 April 1921 ) was an English - Italian Jewish politician , and mayor of Rome , Italy from November 1907 to December 1913 .
John W. Thomas ( January 4 , 1874 -- November 10 , 1945 ) was an American politician , a United States Senator from Idaho .
Carlos Hevia y de los Reyes - Gavilan ( March 21 , 1900 -- April 2 , 1964 ) was the President of Cuba , serving for less than three days .
Agostino Richelmy ( 29 November 1850 -- 10 August 1923 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Archbishop of Turin from 1897 until his death , and was elevated to the rank of cardinal in 1899 .
Jesse David Sheffield , II , known as J. D. Sheffield ( born August 13 , 1960 ) is a physician and clinic medical director from Gatesville , Texas , who is a Republican member of the Texas House of Representatives .
Richard M. Siddoway ( born 1940 ) was a member of the Utah House of Representatives .
Yolanda Barcina Angulo ( 4 April 1960 in Burgos ) is a conservative Spanish politician who was the mayor of Pamplona , Navarre from 1999 to 2011 , and elected the chairwoman of the Navarrese People 's Union ( UPN ) in 2009 .
Claude - André Dormy ( died 15 February 1599 , Boulogne - Sur - Mer ) was the first bishop of Boulogne .
Teodolfo Mertel ( 9 February 1806 -- 11 July 1899 ) was a lawyer , deacon , and cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Saint Cainnech of Aghaboe ( 515/16 - -600 ) , also known as Saint Canice in Ireland , Saint Kenneth in Scotland , Saint Kenny and in Latin Saint Canicus , was an Irish abbot , monastic founder , priest and missionary during the early medieval period .
Krishan Kant ( 28 February 1927 -- 27 July 2002 ) was the tenth Vice President of India from 1997 until his death .
Adolfo Alejandro Nouel y Bobadilla ( 12 December 1862 , Santo Domingo -- 26 June 1937 ) , archbishop , educator and politician was the son of Don Carlos Nouel and Antonia Bobadilla and the first provisional president of the Dominican Republic from 30 November 1912 to 13 April 1913 .
Andreas Kopasis was the Ottoman - appointed Prince of Samos from 1908 to 1912 .
The prominent German Egyptologist Daniel Polz who rediscovered the tomb of the powerful 17th Dynasty king Nubkheperre Intef at Dra ' Abu el - Naga ' in 2001 also places Sekhemre - Heruhirmaat Intef as a short - lived successor of this influential pharaoh in a 2007 book just prior to the accession of Senakhtenre Ahmose .
Rilwanu Lukman ( 26 August 1938 -- 21 July 2014 ) was a Nigerian engineer who held several ministerial positions in the Nigerian Federal government before becoming Secretary General of OPEC ( Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ) from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 2000 .
Iuput I ( or Auput I ) was an ancient Egyptian co - regent of pharaoh Pedubast I during the early 23rd Dynasty .
William Branch Giles ( August 12 , 1762 -- December 4 , 1830 ; the g is pronounced like a j ) was an American statesman , long - term Senator from Virginia , and the 24th Governor of Virginia .
Cicero served as quaestor in western Sicily in 75 BC and demonstrated honesty and integrity in his dealings with the inhabitants .
John Sidney Garrett ( October 29 , 1921 -- May 28 , 2005 ) was a conservative Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives who served from 1948 to 1972 under four gubernatorial administrations .
The Blessed Benedict of Alignan ( died 1268 ) was Benedictine abbot of Nôtre Dame de la Grasse ( 1224 ) and Bishop of Marseille ( 1229 ) .
Ralph Button ( died 1680 ) was an English academic and clergyman , Gresham Professor of Geometry , canon of Christ Church , Oxford under the Commonwealth , and later a nonconformist schoolmaster .
Justice Abdul Jabbar Khan ( Urdu : عبدالجبار خان‎ ; l902 - 23 April 1984 ) was the 6th Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan .
Ralph B. Kohnen , Jr. ( October 22 , 1935 -- January 31 , 2008 ) was a former member of the Ohio House of Representatives .
On 16 September 2007 , the fifth anniversary of the cardinal 's death , the Roman Catholic Church began the beatification process for Nguyễn Văn Thuận .
Saint Reticius ( or Rheticus , Rheticius ) ( French : Saint Rhétice ) ( early 4th century ) was a bishop of Autun , the first one known to history , according to the Catholic Encyclopedia .
Earl Buford Ellington ( June 27 , 1907 -- April 3 , 1972 ) was an American politician who served as Governor of Tennessee from 1959 to 1963 , and again from 1967 to 1971 .
Stephen Kakfwi ( born November 7 , 1950 in Fort Good Hope , Northwest Territories ) is a Canadian politician and the ninth Premier of the Northwest Territories .
Joseph Peter O'Connell ( 10 December 1931 -- 27 April 2013 ) was the Roman Catholic titular bishop of ' Sanctus Germanus ' and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne , Australia .
Rudolf of Zähringen ( also Rudolph , Ralph or Raoul ) ( c. 1135 -- 5 August 1191 ) was the archbishop of Mainz from 1160 to 1161 and prince - bishop of Liège .
John C. Petersen ( November 2 , 1842 -- July 10 , 1887 ) was an American butcher and farmer from Appleton , Wisconsin who served as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Outagamie County .
Tony Tan Keng Yam ( simplified Chinese : 陈庆炎 ; traditional Chinese : 陳慶炎 ; pinyin : Chén Qìngyán ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Tân Khèng - iām ; born 7 February 1940 ) is the seventh President of Singapore , in office since 2011 .
Carlos Julio Arosemena Monroy ( 24 August 1919 -- 5 March 2004 ) served as Vice President of Ecuador and due to the ousting of President José María Velasco Ibarra , became President of Ecuador from 7 November 1961 to 11 July 1963 .
In October 2012 Trond Giskes long - time friend and Labour party colleague Rune Olsø was appointed CEO of Entra Eiendom a company wholly owned by the Ministry of Trade and Industry .
Anastasius Germonius ( also Anastase Germon ) ( 1551 -- 4 August 1627 ) was an Italian Canon lawyer , diplomatist and archbishop of Tarantaise , who belonged to the family of the marquises of Ceve , in Piedmont , where he was born .
Charles Edmund Wilkinson ( 1807 - -1870 ) was an acting Governor of British Ceylon .
Negassie or Negasi Krestos was the ruling prince of Shewa ( reigned c. 1682 - c. 1703 ) , an important Amhara noble of Ethiopia .
Luis Manuel Fernández de Portocarrero y de Guzman , ( January 8 , 1635 , Palma del Río - September 14 , 1709 , Toledo , Spain ) was a Spanish prelate , who was cardinal archbishop of Toledo .
Saint Bretannio ( also Bretanion , Bretannion , Vetranio , Vetranion ) was a bishop of Tomi ( today Constanţa , Romania ) during the fourth century .
Jakub Uchański ( 1502 - -81 ) , of Radwan coat of arms , was an archbishop of Gniezno and primate of Poland from 1562 to 1581 , interrex from 1572 to 1573 and from 1574 to 1575 .
Carl J. Peik ( March 27 , 1896 -- ? ? ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Djoser ( also read as Djeser and Zoser ) was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh of the 3rd dynasty during the Old Kingdom and the founder of this epoch .
Gaius Aquillius Florus was a consul of the Roman Republic in the year 259 BC . His colleague was Lucius Cornelius Scipio .
Raffaele Rossi , OCD ( 28 October 1876 -- 17 September 1948 ) , born Carlo Rossi , was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as the Secretary of the Sacred Consistorial Congregation in the Roman Curia from 1930 until his death .
David J. Valesky ( b. circa 1966 ) is a member of the New York State Senate .
Norman R. Klug ( June 9 , 1905 -- October 24 , 1966 ) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and a president of the Miller Brewing Company .
Jarvis Tyner ( born July 11 , 1941 ) is an American activist and the current Executive Vice Chair of the Communist Party USA ( CPUSA ) .
Jens Okking is mostly known outside of Denmark from Lars von Triers TV - series The Kingdom , and was a member of the European Parliament 1999 - 2003 , initially elected for the June Movement and he later changed affiliation to the People 's Movement against the EU .
Gabriele della Genga Sermattei ( 4 December 1801 -- 10 February 1861 ) was a Catholic Cardinal and Camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals .
Luis Federico Franco Gómez ( born 24 July 1962 ) is a Paraguayan politician who was President of Paraguay from June 2012 until August 2013 .
Mark Rozzi ( born April 30 , 1971 ) is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives , serving since January 2 , 2013 .
Stephen St. John ( 1735 -- May 9 , 1785 ) was a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from Norwalk in the sessions of May and October 1778 , May and October 1780 , May 1781 , May and October 1782 , May 1783 , May and October 1784 , and May 1785 .
Domenico II Contarini ( Venice , January 28 , 1585 -- Venice , January 26 , 1675 ) was the 104th Doge of Venice , reigning from his election on October 16 , 1659 until his death .
Timothy Pickering ( July 17 , 1745 -- January 29 , 1829 ) was a politician from Massachusetts who served in a variety of roles , most notably as the third United States Secretary of State , serving in that office from 1795 to 1800 under Presidents George Washington and John Adams .
Margaret Conditt is a Republican member of the Ohio House of Representatives , who has represented the 52nd District since her appointment in 2011 .
Jacob Hahn was a cigar maker from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Saint Bernard degli Uberti ( Italian : Bernardo degli Uberti ) ( died December 4 , 1133 ) was an abbot of Vallombrosa , a bishop of Parma , papal legate , and a cardinal .
Morris Iemma ( /ˈjɛmə/ ; born 21 July 1961 ) is a former Australian politician who was the 40th Premier of New South Wales , serving from 3 August 2005 to 5 September 2008 .
Saint Justin of Chieti ( Italian : San Giustino di Chieti ) is venerated as an early bishop of Chieti , Italy .
Amy Tuck ( born July 8 , 1963 ) was the 30th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi .
Piergiorgio Bertoldi ( born 26 July 1963 in Varese , Italy ) is a Catholic archbishop and Apostolic Nuncio of the Holy See .
Lidanus was a Benedictine abbot credited with draining the Pontine Marshes , Italy , and for founding Sezze Abbey in the Papal States .
After Tarragona was re - conquered from the Moors , on 8 March 1118 Olegarius was consecrated archbishop of Tarragona ( remaining bishop of Barcelona ) by Gelasius , who as a monk had lived at Saint - Ruf under Olegarius .
Bishop William Weathers ( b. 12 November 1814 - d. 4 March 1895 , Isleworth , Middlesex , England ) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Catholic Church in England and Wales as well the titular Bishop of Amyela .
Thomas Bothwell Jeter ( October 13 , 1827 -- May 20 , 1883 ) was the 79th Governor of South Carolina from September 1 , 1880 to November 30 , 1880 .
Manuel Pinto da Costa ( born 5 August 1937 ) is a Santoméan economist and politician who served as the first President of São Tomé and Príncipe from 1975 to 1991 .
Franco Coladipietro is currently the Village President in Bloomingdale , Illinois and previously served as a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives representing Illinois ' 45th House District .
Richard Schmitz ( December 14 , 1885 in Mohelnice , Moravia -- April 27 , 1954 in Vienna ) was the last Social - Christian mayor of Vienna , Austria .
Vilim Herman ( born 19 January 1949 ) is a prominent Croatian university professor at the University of Osijek , attorney at law , politician and former representative in the Croatian Parliament .
Joseph Patrick Donahue ( November 6 , 1870 -- April 26 , 1959 ) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of New York from 1944 - 1959 .
Gabriele Albertini ( born 6 July 1950 in Milan ) is an Italian politician , who formerly served as Mayor of Milan and presently as a Member of the European Parliament for North - Western Italy .
John William Comber , M.M. ( March 12 , 1906 -- March 27 , 1998 ) was an American - born Catholic missionary and bishop .
Esioff - Léon Patenaude , PC , KC , often called E.L. Patenaude ( February 12 , 1875 -- February 7 , 1963 ) was a Canadian politician and statesman who served as the 17th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec .
Luis Alberto Lacalle de Herrera , GCMG , ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈlwis alˈβerto laˈkaʎe ðe eˈreɾa ) , known as Cuqui ( born July 13 , 1941 ) is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician who served as President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995 .
Antoine Godeau ( 24 September 1605 , Dreux -- 21 April 1672 , Vence ) was a French bishop , poet and exegete .
W. Louis Coppersmith ( June 19 , 1928 -- January 15 , 1989 ) is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , serving from 1969 to 1980 .
Dr. Thokchom Meinya ( born 12 October 1945 ) is a member of the Lok Sabha who is currently serving his second consecutive term .
Saint Audomar ( died c. 670 ) , better known as Saint Omer , was a Burgundy - born bishop of Thérouanne , after whom nearby Saint - Omer in northern France was named .
Alemanno Adimari ( 1362 -- 17 September 1422 ) was an Italian Catholic cardinal and archbishop .
Larry Howes ( born June 30 , 1947 ) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 4B , which includes portions of Cass , Crow Wing and Hubbard counties in the northern part of the state .
Tan Singh ( born 25 January 1924 ) was an Indian politician and a member of the Lok Sabha twice .
Andres Tarand ( born 11 January 1940 ) is an Estonian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Estonia from 1994 to 1995 .
Oscar Cantoni is the current bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Crema since 25 January 2005 .
Patrick Joseph McCormick ( December 10 , 1880 -- May 18 , 1953 ) was the titular bishop of Atenia and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Washington .
Marike de Klerk ( 17 November 1937 -- 4 December 2001 ) was the First Lady of South Africa , as the wife of State President Frederik Willem de Klerk , from 1989 to 1994 .
Nathaniel Pitcher ( November 30 , 1777 -- May 25 , 1836 ) was an American lawyer and politician who served as the eighth Governor of New York from February 11 to December 31 , 1828 .
Prince Sisowath Monireth ( Khmer : ស៊ីសុវត្ថិ មុន្នីរ៉េត ; November 25 , 1909 -- September 1975 ) was Prime Minister of Cambodia , during the French Protectorate Period , from October 17 , 1945 to December 15 , 1946 .
Eurycratides ( Greek : Εὐρυκρατίδης , `` wide ruler '' ) was the thirteenth king of Sparta from the Agiad dynasty .
Amenirdis I ( throne name : Hatneferumut ) was a God 's Wife of Amun during the 25th Dynasty of ancient Egypt .
Toivo Mikael Kivimäki ( 5 June 1886 -- 6 May 1968 ) , J.D. , was head of the department of civil law at Helsinki University 1931 - -1956 , Prime Minister of Finland 1932 - -1936 , and Finland 's ambassador to Berlin 1940 - -1944 .
Joseph Victor Adamec ( born August 13 , 1935 ) is a retired American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Altoona - Johnstown , Pennsylvania from 1987 to 2011 .
In the 1990s Modern Age , Aquaman 's character became more serious than in most previous interpretations , with storylines depicting the weight of his role as king of Atlantis .
Israel Rokach , Honorary CBE ( Hebrew : ישראל רוקח‎ ; December 31 , 1886 -- September 13 , 1959 ) was an Israeli politician , Knesset member , and mayor of Tel Aviv from November 15 , 1936 to April 13 , 1953 .
Augustus Garrett ( 1801 -- November 30 , 1848 ) twice served as Mayor of Chicago , Illinois ( 1843 - -1844 , 1845 - -1846 ) for the Democratic Party .
Helias of Cologne , Irish abbot and musician , died 1040 .
Louis - Marie - Edmond Blanquart de Bailleul ( 1795 , Calais - 1868 ) was a French Roman Catholic bishop .
Gérard Roussel ( 1500 - -50 ) was a French cleric , a student of Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples and later a member , with his former teacher , of the Circle of Meaux around Guillaume Briçonnet , bishop of Meaux .
Orette Bruce Golding ( born 5 December 1947 ) is a former Jamaican politician who served as eighth Prime Minister of Jamaica from 11 September 2007 to 23 October 2011 .
Ronald G. Parys ( October 7 , 1938 -- September 16 , 2007 ) was an American politician who was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .
Monsignor Juan José Gerardi Conedera ( 27 December 1922 -- 26 April 1998 ) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic bishop and human rights defender who was long active in working with the indigenous Mayan peoples of the country .
Patricia Smith , Viscountess Hambleden GCVO ( 12 November 1904 -- 19 March 1994 ) was a Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth ( later the Queen Mother ) from 1937 - -94 .
In Greek mythology Sisyphus ( /ˈsɪsᵻfəs/ ; Greek : Σίσυφος , Sísuphos ) was the king of Ephyra ( now known as Corinth ) .
Catherine Carey , after her marriage Catherine Knollys and later Lady Knollys , pronounced `` NOL - les '' ( c. 1524 -- 15 January 1569 ) , was chief Lady of the Bedchamber to Queen Elizabeth I , who was her first cousin .
Amatus of Nusco , in Italian Amato di Nusco ( c. 1003 - -1093 ) was the first bishop of Nusco in Irpinia , southern Italy .
He was the metropolitan bishop of Gjirokastër ( 1937 - -1941 ) and a member of the exiled Northern Epirus lobby after the end of World War II . Panteleimon Kotokos was born in Korçë , in the Manastir Vilayet of the Ottoman Empire ( present - day southern Albania ) ( Northern Epirus ) at 1860 .
William Edwin Franklin ( born May 3 , 1930 ) is a bishop of the Catholic Church in the United States .
Anson Jones ( January 20 , 1798 -- January 9 , 1858 ) was a doctor , businessperson , member of Congress , and the fourth and last President of the Republic of Texas , sometimes called the `` Architect of Annexation '' .
Elson Bakili Muluzi ( born March 17 , 1943 in Machinga , Nyasaland ) is a Malawian politician who was the first freely elected President of Malawi from 1994 to 2004 .
Rafael Guízar y Valencia ( April 26 , 1878 -- June 6 , 1938 ) was a Mexican Catholic bishop who cared for the wounded , sick , and dying during the Mexican Revolution .
John Lyde Wilson ( May 24 , 1784 -- February 12 , 1849 ) was the 49th Governor of South Carolina from 1822 to 1824 and an ardent supporter of dueling .
Ernest James Stevens ( 1845 - -1922 ) was a Member of the Queensland Legislative Assembly and a Member of the Queensland Legislative Council .
Francisco Solano López ( 24 July 1827 -- 1 March 1870 ) was President of Paraguay from 1862 until his death in 1870 .
Lachezar Baltanov ( Bulgarian : Лъчезар Балтанов ; born 11 July 1988 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , who currently plays as a midfielder for Botev Plovdiv .
Djamel Tlemçani , ( born April 16 , 1955 in Médéa ) is a former Algerian international football player who played as a midfielder for several French and Swiss clubs .
Michael Kolarz ( born 12 January 1987 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently with HC České Budějovice in the Czech Extraliga .
Leonardo Araya ( born 15 February 1982 ) is a former footballer who played as a defender .
Andreas Ottl ( German pronunciation : ( anˈdʁeːas ˈɔtl̩ ) ; born 1 March 1985 in Munich , Bavaria ) is a German footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder .
Goran Šušnjara ( born 29 May 1958 in Split , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian former midfielder who played for Hajduk Split .
Irakli Maisuradze ( born 22 August 1988 ) is a Georgian international footballer who plays as a midfielder for Cypriot First Division club Anorthosis Famagusta .
Diederik Bangma ( born 22 May 1990 ) is a Dutch football goalkeeper who currently play for amateur club Woonwagen Kamp Emmen .
Emanuel Oletu or Emmanuel Oletu ( born 8 December 1983 ) is a Nigerian football defender playing with Austrian side SC Hainfeld .
Aleksandar Kraev ( Bulgarian : Александър Краев ) ( born 7 January 1991 in Varna ) is a Bulgarian football player , currently playing for Cherno More Varna as a goalkeeper .
Tommy Hamilton ( born 1935 in Bray ) is a former Irish football player who played as a forward .
Dražen Ladić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( drǎʒen lǎːdit͡ɕ ) ; born 1 January 1963 ) is a former Croatian football goalkeeper .
Leon Goretzka ( German pronunciation : ( ˈlɛ.ɔn ˈɡor.ʀɛts.kaː ) ; born 6 February 1995 ) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Schalke 04 .
Alex Lindén was a Swedish footballer who played as a midfielder .
Roberto Trotta ( born 28 January 1969 in Pigüé ) is an Argentine football manager and former defender .
George Bratley ( 17 January 1909 - 1978 ) was an English footballer Bratley was a central defender who signed for Rotherham United in 1929 , before briefly moving to Sheffield Wednesday before returning to Rotherham in 1934 .
Frank Lord ( 13 March 1936 -- June 2005 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre forward .
Michal Dian ( born 13 November 1981 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Slovak Corgoň Liga club FK DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda , on loan from Spartak Myjava .
Per Johan Sebastian Rajalakso ( born 23 September 1988 ) is a Swedish footballer of Finnish descent who plays for GIF Sundsvall as a midfielder .
Luka Merdović ( Cyrillic : Лукa Mepдoвић , born 14 March 1989 ) is a Montenegrin football forward who plays for FK Metalac .
Nicolas Gillet ( born 11 August 1976 in Brétigny - sur - Orge , Essonne ) is a French footballer defender .
Anastasios Bakasetas ( Greek : Τάσος Μπακασέτας ; born 28 June 1993 ) is a Greek footballer , who currently plays for Superleague Greece club Panionios as a forward .
Deniss Kačanovs ( born 27 November 1979 ) is a Latvian football defender , currently working as the playing - coach for FK Daugava Rīga in the Latvian Higher League .
Charlie O'Loughlin ( born 17 March 1989 ) , is an English former football defender .
Patrik Hrošovský ( born 22 April 1992 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Viktoria Plzeň and Slovakia national football team .
Zlatko Runje ( born in Sinj , 9 December 1979 ) is a Croatian goalkeeper who plays for NK Solin .
Matteo Lanzoni ( born 18 July 1988 ) is an Italian professional footballer who most recently played for Cambridge United as a defender .
Roman Bolbocian ( born 13 May 1987 ) is a Moldovan / Greek footballer who currently plays for Fokikos as a midfielder .
Mario Abboud ( born 1 August 1981 in Beirut ) is a Lebanese professional basketball center currently playing with Sporting Al Riyadi Beirut of the Lebanese Basketball League .
Chérif Ousmane Sarr ( born August 2 , 1986 in Fatick , Senegal ) is a midfielder who most recently played for Danish 1st Division side Viborg FF .
Manlio Bacigalupo ( 5 September 1908 -- 1977 ) was an Italian association football goalkeeper and manager from Vado Ligure , Savona .
Jazmyne Avant ( born January 30 , 1990 ) is an American soccer defender who last played for the Houston Dash of the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) .
Jumadi Abdi ( 14 March 1983 -- 15 March 2009 ) was an Indonesian football player who played as midfielder .
Ciarán Toner ( born 30 June 1981 in Craigavon ) is a Northern Irish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Conference North side Gainsborough Trinity .
Vitālijs Maksimenko ( born 8 December 1990 ) is a Latvian professional football defender , who plays for SV Mattersburg in the Austrian Bundesliga .
Dennis Alexander ( 1935 - -2011 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside forward .
Mario César Rodríguez Madrid ( born on July 31 , 1975 ) is a retired Honduran football midfielder .
Aung Myint Tun ( Burmese : အောင်မြင့်ထွန်း ; born 3 May 1990 ) is a footballer from Burma , and a midfielder for the Myanmar national football team .
Anu Lama is a Nepalese women 's footballer who currently is the captain for the Nepal women 's national football team and a forward for APF Club .
Guillem Martí Misut ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ɡiˈʎen ) ; born 5 September 1985 in Es Mercadal , Balearic Islands ) , known simply as Guillem , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Guadalajara as a forward .
Daniel Ryan Maxwell ( born 16 June 1983 ) is a footballer , former professional , who plays as a midfielder for Heybridge Swifts .
Varazdat Haroyan ( Armenian : Վարազդատ Հարոյան , born on 24 August 1992 ) is an Armenian footballer who plays as a central defender for the Armenian national team and for Armenian club Pyunik Yerevan .
Lewis Toshney ( born 26 April 1992 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a defender for Raith Rovers .
Aleš Mertelj ( born 22 March 1987 in Kranj ) is a Slovenian footballer who is a midfielder of club Maribor in the Slovenian PrvaLiga .
Daniel Bragg ( born 3 August 1992 in Sydney , Australia ) is an Australian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for the Manly United .
Francis Lastic ( born 3 February 1972 ) is an international football player from Saint Lucia , who plays as a defender , and coach currently working as a manager for Saint Lucia .
Thierry Mouyouma ( born 27 September 1975 ) is a Gabonese former football defender and current manager .
Mauro Bonomi ( Cremona , 23 August 1972 ) is a former Italian footballer who played as a defender .
On February 24 , 2008 , Keith Carney played in his 1,000th NHL game , becoming only the 29th American ( 14th active defenceman at the time , and since the conclusion of the 2007/2008 NHL season ) to accomplish this honor .
João Marcos Quintanilha Pires Fernandes ( born 22 August 1991 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a midfielder for Dutch club Fortuna Sittard in the 2010/11 season .
Jimmy Tau ( born 23 July 1980 in Kimberley , Northern Cape ) is a retired South African football ( soccer ) defender who last played for Kaizer Chiefs in the Premier Soccer League .
Amer Gojak ( born 13 February 1997 ) is a Bosnian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Croatian club GNK Dinamo Zagreb and Bosnia and Herzegovina national under-21 team and is considered one the biggest football talents in post - war Bosnia and Herzegovina .
João Carlos Sacramento Ramos ( born 12 May 1986 ) , known as Jony Ramos or simply Jony , is a São Tomé and Príncipe international footballer who plays for French club Lusitanos Saint - Maur as a forward .
Igor Țîgîrlaș ( born 24 February 1984 ) is a Moldovan football midfielder who plays for the Moldovan National Division club Zaria Bălți .
Ivan Ordets ( Ukrainian : Іван Миколайович Ордець , born 8 July 1992 in Volnovakha , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Shakhtar Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
William Roger Clemens ( born August 4 , 1962 ) , nicknamed `` Rocket '' , is a retired American baseball pitcher who played 24 seasons in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) for four teams .
Usman Amodu ( born December 16 , 1990 ) is a Nigerian footballer who recently played as defender for Llaneros F.C. in Colombia .
Vaso Vasic is a Serbian - Swiss footballer who plays for Grasshoppers in the Swiss Super League as a goalkeeper .
Igor Soloshenko ( Russian : Игорь Солошенко ; born 22 May 1979 ) is a retired Kazakh football defender .
Tom Brighton ( born 28 March 1984 ) is a Scottish professional association footballer who plays at centre forward .
Darko Marić ( born 2 September 1975 in Belgrade ) is a retired Serbian football player who last played as a forward for FC Braşov .
Shandor Vayda ( Ukrainian : Шандор Олександрович Вайда ; born 14 December 1991 in Mátészalka , Hungary ) is a professional Ukrainian football midfielder who currently plays for Balmazújvárosi FC .
Oscar Passet ( born 12 October 1965 ) is a former Argentine footballer was a goalkeeper .
Alcides Fonseca Júnior , best known as Juninho Fonseca or just Juninho ( born in Olímpia , São Paulo State , August 29 , 1958 ) is a former football ( soccer ) player in central defender role .
Alessio Scarpi ( born 19 April 1973 in Jesolo ) is an Italian football goalkeeper .
Luigi Turci ( born 27 January 1970 , in Cremona ) is a former Italian football goalkeeper .
Asier Arranz Martín ( born 28 March 1987 ) , known simply as Asier , is a Spanish footballer who plays for CD Palencia Balompié as a left midfielder .
Ivan Ondruška ( born 12 September 1967 ) is a former Slovak football goalkeeper who recently played for the Slovak 2 .
Mário de Castro ( 30 June 1905 -- 29 April 1998 ) was a Brazilian footballer who played as forward .
Lounis Matem ( 1941 - -5 November 2013 ) was an Algerian footballer , who primarily played as a midfielder or a forward .
József Moravetz or Iosif Moravet ' ( 14 January 1911 -- 16 February 1990 ) was a Romanian footballer who played as a midfielder .
Rauno Sappinen ( born 23 January 1996 ) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Estonian Meistriliiga club Flora and the Estonia national football team .
Quentin de Parseval ( born September 21 , 1987 in Orléans , France ) is a defender currently playing for French Championnat National club SC Amiens .
Yannick Bangala Litombo ( born 12 April 1994 ) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a defender .
Lukáš Greššák ( born 23 January 1989 ) is a Slovak footballer who plays for Spartak Trnava as a defender or a defensive midfielder .
Milan Arnejčič ( born 18 October 1942 ) is a former Slovenian football forward .
Farshad Ahmadzadeh ( Persian : فرشاد احمدزاده‎‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for Persepolis in the Persian Gulf Pro League .
Marcelo Grohe ( born 13 January 1987 ) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Grêmio and the Brazil national football team .
Amir Edri ( Hebrew : אמיר אדרי ) , ( born July 26 , 1985 ) is an Israeli goalkeeper .
Reinier Kreijermaat ( born 25 April 1935 in Utrecht ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a midfielder in the 1960s .
Kuami Agboh ( born 28 December 1977 in Tsévié , Togo ) is a Togolese football defender / midfielder who last played for MyPa .
Cecilia Salvai ( born 2 December 1993 in Pinerolo ) is an Italian football defender currently playing for Bardolino Verona in Serie A. As a junior international she played the 2011 U-19 European Championship .
Eleftherios Poupakis ( Greek : Λευτέρης Πουπάκης ; born 28 February 1946 ) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Baldur Þór Bjarnason ( born 3 July 1969 ) is an Icelandic former footballer who played as a forward .
Christopher Meneses Barrantes ( born May 2 , 1990 ) is a Costa Rican professional defender who currently plays for Liga Deportiva Alajuelense .
Waidi Akanni , also known as Waheed Akanni , ( born June 20 , 1968 ) is a former Nigerian football defender and former head of the Lagos State Football Association .
Oskitz Estefanía Gil ( born 12 October 1986 in Pasaia , Gipuzkoa ) , known simply as Oskitz , is a Spanish footballer who plays as a forward .
Nick Sakiewicz ( born January 14 , 1961 ) is a sports and entertainment executive and former professional soccer goalkeeper .
Harry Thorpe ( 1880 - -16 September 1908 ) was a footballer who played as a defender in the Football League and Southern Football League in the 1900s .
Lassana Camará ( born 29 December 1991 ) , commonly known as Saná , is a Bissau - Guinean footballer who plays for Académico de Viseu FC as a central midfielder .
Oleksandr Zhdanov ( born 27 May 1984 in Kharkiv , Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian - Israeli football defender who is currently play for Hapoel Beit She'an .
Faraz Emamali ( Persian : فراز امام‌علی‎‎ ) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Paykan in the Iran Pro League .
Tiffany Cameron ( born October 16 , 1991 ) is a Canadian soccer forward who currently plays for TSG 1899 Hoffenheim in the German Bundesliga .
Juergen Penker ( born October 17 , 1982 ) is an Austrian ice hockey goaltender who participated at the 2011 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Austria men 's national ice hockey team .
Edilson Tavares dos Santos or simply Edilson ( born March 25 , 1993 in Petrópolis ) , is a Brazilian football Attacking midfielder .
David C. Brown was an English professional footballer who played as a centre forward for Burnley .
Walter Bustamante is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the USISL .
Luís Boa Morte Pereira ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( luˈiʃ ˈboɐ ˈmɔɾt(ɨ ) ) ; born 4 August 1977 ) is a Portuguese professional football coach and a former player who played as an attacking winger , forward and centre midfielder .
Guillaume Desbiens ( born April 20 , 1985 in Alma , Quebec ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger who currently plays with HDD Olimpija Ljubljana of the Austrian Hockey League ( EBEL ) .
Borislav Karamatev ( Bulgarian Cyrillic : Борислав Караматев ; born 6 February 1984 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays for Asenovets as a midfielder .
Çağdaş Atan ( Turkish pronunciation : ( ˈtʃaːdaʃ ˈatan ) ; born 29 February 1980 ) is a Turkish retired footballer who plays as a central defender
Mark Mettrick ( born 3 October 1964 ) is an English - American former soccer who played four seasons as a midfielder in the Major Indoor Soccer League and three in the USISL .
Tibor Fábián ( 26 July 1946 -- 6 June 2006 ) was a Hungarian football defender , who played for Vasas SC .
Jennifer Egelryd ( born 25 July 1990 ) is a Swedish football forward who currently plays in the Damallsvenskan for AIK .
Yisela Cuesta ( born 27 September 1991 ) is a Colombian international footballer who currently plays as a forward .
Ray Kenny ( born 11 December 1973 in Dún Laoghaire , Ireland ) is an Irish football defender , currently playing for Arklow Town in the Leinster Senior League .
Elkin Soto Jaramillo ( born 4 August 1980 in Manizales , Caldas Department ) is a Colombian midfielder currently playing for 1 .
Krasimir Kostov ( Bulgarian : Красимир Костов ; born 11 February 1995 ) is a Bulgarian footballer currently playing as a goalkeeper for Pirin Blagoevgrad .
Kamel Chafni ( Arabic : كمال الشافني , born 11 June 1982 in Bordeaux ) is a Moroccan midfielder currently playing for Wydad since July 2014 .
Sipho Mngomezulu ( born October 10 , 1982 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) defender for Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits .
Đorđe Svetličić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Светличић ; born 5 January 1974 ) is a retired Serbian international footballer who played as a defender .
Antonio Rodríguez Martínez ( born 17 December 1979 ) , known as Toño ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ' toɲo ) ) , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a goalkeeper .
Stefan Uchikov ( Bulgarian : Стефан Учиков ; born on 22 January 1976 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Spartak Plovdiv .
Christian Flindt Bjerg is a Danish former football midfielder .
Talgat Sabalakov ( Kazakh : Талғат Сабалақов ) is a Kazakhstani midfielder .
Oleksiy Hodin ( born 2 February 1983 in Zaporizhya ) is a Ukrainian midfielder , he is currently playing for Metalurh Zaporizhya in Ukrainian Premier League .
Les Stopford is a footballer who played as an inside forward in the Football League for Chester City .
Euciodálcio Gomes ( born 22 May 1996 ) , known as Dálcio , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Benfica B.
Wilson Daniel Quiñonez ( born 4 September 1988 ) , known as Wilson Quiñonez , is a Paraguayan professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sportivo San Lorenzo in the Paraguayan Primera División .
Marlon Santos da Silva Barbosa ( born 7 September 1995 ) , simply known as Marlon , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a central defender for Fluminense .
Iuliu Oprea ( born 2 July 1995 in Ploiești ) is a Romanian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Liga I club Petrolul Ploiești .
Glenn Johannesen ( born February 15 , 1962 , in Lac La Ronge , Saskatchewan and raised in North Battleford , Saskatchewan ) is a retired professional ice hockey left winger .
Geraldine Heaney ( born October 1 , 1967 ) is an Irish - Canadian ice hockey coach and former defenceman .
Nenad Srećković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ненад Срећковић ; born April 11 , 1988 in Gornji Milanovac ) is a Serbian football midfielder , who for Kolubara in the Serbian First League .
Igor Zonjić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Зоњић ; born 16 October 1991 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin international footballer who plays as a defender for Serbian First League club Napredak Kruševac .
Khalid Ajab ( Arabic : خالد عجب‎ , born 28 July 1986 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a forward for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait .
Quinton Fortune ( born 21 May 1977 ) is a South African former footballer who was able to play both as a midfielder and as a defender .
Brittany Klein ( born October 29 , 1986 , in Arcadia , California ) is an American soccer midfielder who is without a club .
Oscar Albuquerque ( born September 4 , 1954 in Lima , Peru ) is a former Canadian soccer midfielder .
Radoslav Batak ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радослав Батак ; born 15 August 1977 ) is a Serbian - born Montenegrin former professional footballer who played as a defender .
Panagiotis Bachramis , ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Μπαχράμης ; born 12 March 1976 , Kalamata ) , was a Greek professional footballer who played as midfielder .
Ferenc Fülöp played a role in the 1981 film Escape to Victory as a centre forward for the Nazi team in a match against a PoW team .
Omar Mascarell González ( born 2 February 1993 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Sporting de Gijón on loan from Real Madrid as a defensive midfielder .
Toni Turek , real name Anton Turek , ( 18 January 1919 -- 11 May 1984 ) was a German football goalkeeper .
Washington Alexis Viera Barreto ( born 18 October 1978 ) , commonly known as Alexis Viera , is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for the Categoría Primera B club Depor .
Arbnor Fejzullahu ( Serbian : Арбнор Фејзулаху , Arbnor Fejzulahu ) ( born 8 April 1993 in Preševo ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Albanian Superliga side Partizani Tirana as a defender .
Tiberio Guarente ( born 1 November 1985 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Empoli F.C ..
Gesiel José de Lima , commonly known as Nasa ( born December 8 , 1968 ) , is a retired association footballer who played as a midfielder for several Série A clubs .
Pedro Emanuel dos Santos Martins Silva ( born 11 February 1975 ) , known as Pedro Emanuel , is a Portuguese retired footballer who played mainly as a central defender , and the current coach of Cypriot club Apollon Limassol .
Álvaro Lopes Cançado - nickname Nariz ( Uberaba , February 8 , 1912 - September 19 , 1984 ) was a Brazilian footballer ( defender ) playing for Brazil national football team in FIFA World Cup 1938 .
Dejan Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Дејан Илић ; born March 24 , 1976 in Leskovac ) is a Serbian football midfielder who played for AEK Larnaca in the Cypriot First Division .
Sean Roberts ( born 2 January 1983 ) is a South African football ( soccer ) goalkeeper for Premier Soccer League club Ajax Cape Town .
Danilo dos Santos Ribeiro , better known as Danilo Ribeiro or Danilo Goiano ( born 21 February 1983 , in Goiânia ) is a Brazilian football midfielder last playing for Goiânia Esporte Clube .
Emilios Panayiotou ( Greek : Αιμίλιος Παναγιώτου ; born 22 September 1992 in Limassol , Cyprus ) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder for Aris Limassol in the Cypriot Second Division .
Aleksandar Srećković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Aлeкcaндap Cpeћкoвић ; born 25 June 1981 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football defender currently playing for FK Srem in the Serbian First League .
Yves Herbet ( born August 17 , 1945 ) is a former French footballer now manager born in Villers - Cotterêts , who played as a midfielder .
Martin Hašek ( born 11 October 1969 in Pardubice ) is a former Czech football midfielder and a current coach .
Tony Piroski ( born June 12 , 1954 in Windsor , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender .
Julia Zorn ( born 6 February 1990 ) is a German ice hockey forward and former goaltender for ESC Planegg and the German national team .
Branislav Trajković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Бранислав Трајковић ; born August 29 , 1989 in Odžaci ) is a Serbian footballer who plays as a centre - back for FC Ordabasy .
Zsolt Máriási ( born 14 October 1967 in Ózd ) is a retired Hungarian international football midfielder .
Mohd Hamzani Omar ( born 30 September 1978 in Johor , Malaysia ) is a Malaysian footballer who is a defender for Johor FC .
Sokratis Papastathopoulos ( Greek : Σωκράτης Παπασταθόπουλος , pronounced ( soˈkratis papastaˈθopulos ) ; born 9 June 1988 ) is a Greek footballer who plays as a centre back for German Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund and is the captain of the Greek national team .
Vahid Asgari ( Persian : وحید عسگری ; born March 20 , 1985‎‎ ) is an Iranian Football defender .
Michal Sedláček ( born 27 October 1988 in , Czech Republic ) is a Czech football player who plays as a midfielder for Bohemians 1905 in the Czech First League .
Spyros Christopoulos ( Greek : Σπύρος Χριστόπουλος ; born 7 October 1975 ) is a retired Greek footballer who played as a goalkeeper mostly for AEL and Thrasyvoulos in the Greek Super League .
Pascal Castillo ( born July 16 , 1976 ) is a Swiss football ( soccer ) defender who is now retired .
Troy Prospere ( born 10 October 1985 ) is an international football player from Saint Lucia , who plays as a forward .
Fredrik Andersson ( born 28 February 1968 ) is a former Swedish ice hockey goaltender .
Georgi Andonov ( Bulgarian : Георги Андонов ; born 28 June 1983 in Plovdiv ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing as a forward for Beroe Stara Zagora .
Blake Evans ( born 2 July 1980 in Kindersley , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre , who last played for Kyle Elks in the SVHL .
Václav Bouška ( 21 August 1910 - 20 September 1975 ) was a former Czechoslovakian football midfielder .
Fabio Daprelà ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈfabjo dapreˈla ) ; born 19 February 1991 in Zurich ) is a Swiss football defender currently playing for Carpi in Serie A. He is a former Switzerland U21 international .
Mike Getchell is a retired American soccer midfielder who played professionally in the Western Soccer Alliance , Mexican Primera División , Major Indoor Soccer League and American Professional Soccer League .
Fuadi Ndayisenga ( born 15 June 1989 in Bujumbura ) is a Burundian footballer who currently plays for Sofapaka in the Kenyan Premier League and the Burundi national team as a midfielder .
George Pither ( 24 June 1899 -- 1966 ) was an English footballer who played as an outside forward in the Football League , most notably for New Brighton and Crewe Alexandra .
Lloyd Monsen ( born May 7 , 1931 ) is a retired American soccer forward and baseball pitcher .
Jovan Stanković ( Serbian : Joвaн Cтaнкoвић ; born 4 March 1971 ) is a Serbian retired footballer who played as a left midfielder , with good crossing ability .
Nguyễn Đức Nhân ( 3 February 1989 ) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a Central midfielder for Đồng Nai F.C.
Aimé Mignot ( born 3 December 1932 ) is a French football defender who played for Aix and Lyon .
Anthony Mfa Mezui ( born 7 March 1991 ) is a Gabonese international footballer who plays professionally for French side FC Metz , as a goalkeeper .
Torric Jebrin ( born 14 January 1991 in Accra ) is a Ghanaian footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Ismaily SC .
Hugo Henrique Rocha Soares ( born 16 October 1982 in Miragaia ( Porto ) ) is a Portuguese footballer who plays for CD Cinfães as a central midfielder .
Xavier Ouellet ( born July 29 , 1993 ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenceman playing for the Grand Rapids Griffins of the American Hockey League ( AHL ) .
Alessandro Del Piero ( Italian pronunciation : ( alesˈsandro del ˈpjɛːro ) ) Ufficiale OMRI ( born 9 November 1974 ) is an Italian former professional footballer who played as a deep - lying forward .
Jack Nicholas ( 26 November 1910 -- 1977 ) was an English professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Martin Jurkemik ( born 14 November 1989 in Bratislava ) is a Slovak football defender who last played for Slovak 2 .
Marc McCallum ( born 27 March 1993 ) is a Scottish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Livingston .
Roberto Baronio ( born 11 December 1977 in Manerbio ) is a retired Italian football midfielder who currently works as a manager .
Prince Christian Buaben Abankwah ( born 23 April 1988 ) , known as Prince Buaben , is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Scottish Premiership club Heart of Midlothian .
Mario Sagario ( born 29 June 1986 in Montevideo ) is an Uruguayan rugby union player who plays as a Prop .
Fred Davies ( born 22 August 1939 in Liverpool ) is an English former footballer who made nearly 400 appearances in the Football League playing as a goalkeeper for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Cardiff City and Bournemouth .
Gianluca Caprari ( born 30 July 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a forward for Serie B club Pescara .
Moussa Narry ( born April 19 , 1986 in Dansoman as Moses Narh ) is a Ghanaian football midfielder who currently plays for Al - Orobah .
Lynn Loyns ( born February 21 , 1981 in Naicam , Saskatchewan ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger for DEG Metro Stars of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Maksim Medvedev ( born 29 September 1989 ) is an Azerbaijani defender of Russian descent playing currently for Qarabağ FK .
Martin Brunner ( born 23 April 1963 in Zürich ) is a retired Swiss football goalkeeper , who was capped 36 times for the Swiss national team .
Bonginkosi Macala ( born 5 October 1985 in Kroonstad , Free State ) is a South African football ( soccer ) player who plays as a defender and midfielder for AmaZulu in the Premier Soccer League .
Michal Mravec ( born 10 June 1987 in Žilina ) is a professional Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for Atlanta Silverbacks .
Leonardo Spinazzola ( born 25 March 1993 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for Perugia , on loan from Juventus , as a right midfielder .
Dafina Memedov is a Swedish Albanian football midfielder , currently playing for IFK Norrköping DFK in Sweden 's Division 1 , and for the Albania women 's national football team .
Jean - Pascal Mignot ( born 26 February 1981 ) is a French footballer who plays as defender for FC Sochaux - Montbéliard in the French Ligue 2 .
Marco Aurélio Siqueira ( born 4 June 1970 ) , known as Marco Aurélio , is a Brazilian retired footballer who played as a goalkeeper .
Wanderley de Jesus Sousa or simply Derley ( born 2 August 1986 ) , is a Brazilian midfielder who plays for FC Juárez of the Ascenso MX .
Allison Falk ( born March 31 , 1987 ) is a former American professional soccer defender .
Roland Lewis ( 21 September 1925 -- September 1999 ) was an English footballer who played as a forward for Port Vale in the Football League between 1951 and 1953 .
Jammal Shahin ( born 19 December 1988 in Grimsby , England ) is an English - born Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Grimsby Borough .
Marián Juhás ( born 28 October 1979 in Košice ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club Pattaya United .
Clive Nattress ( born 24 May 1951 ) is an English former footballer who made 340 appearances in the Football League playing as a defender for Darlington and Halifax Town in the 1970s and 1980s .
Adrián González Morales ( born 25 May 1988 in Madrid ) , known simply as Adrián , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for SD Eibar as a central midfielder .
Ton van Engelen ( born 4 October 1950 in Den Bosch ) is a retired Dutch footballer who was active as a goalkeeper .
Jimmy Chisenga ( born 3 April 1992 ) is a Zambian international footballer who plays as a defender for Red Arrows .
Milan Perendija ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mилaн Пepeндиja ; born January 5 , 1986 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian football defender , playing for Mordovia Saransk .
Marcus Bettinelli ( born 24 May 1992 ) is an English professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Fulham .
Amer Shafi ( born 10 February 1982 ) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Al - Wehdat and Jordan national football team .
Herbert Gager ( born 18 September 1969 ) is a retired Austrian international footballer who played as a defender for clubs in Austria and Greece and most recently the head coach of St. Pölten .
Ján Laco ( Slovak pronunciation : ( ˈjaːn ˈlatso ) ; born December 1 , 1981 ) is a Slovak ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for the Barys Astana in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Jimmy Montanero ( born August 24 , 1960 ) is a retired soccer defender from Ecuador , who earned seventeen caps for the Ecuador national team from 1989 to 1993 .
Otar Khizaneishvili ( Georgian : ოთარ ხიზანეიშვილი , Russian : Отар Давидович Хизанейшвили ; born 26 September 1981 in Tbilisi ) is a Georgian international footballer who currently plays for Sioni Bolnisi as a central defender .
Karlo Vragović ( born May 13 , 1989 ) is a Croatian professional basketball point guard who currently plays for Feni Industries .
Real Cyr ( born May 20 , 1987 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey goaltender .
Mile Savković ( Serbian Cyrillic : Миле Савковић , born 3 November 1992 in Zrenjanin ) is a Serbian football midfielder playing with Jagodina in the Serbian SuperLiga .
Tony O'Dowd ( born 6 July 1970 in Dublin , Ireland ) , is a retired goalkeeper .
Necat Aygün ( born 26 February 1981 in Munich ) is a retired German footballer of Turkish descent who played as a defender .
Ciarán Martyn ( born 25 March 1980 in Sligo , Ireland ) is a midfielder for Glenavon of the NIFL Premiership .
Mario Eggimann ( born 24 January 1981 in Brugg , Switzerland ) is a Swiss football defender who is currently a free agent and served most recently Union Berlin of 2 .
Ricardo León Brito ( born 8 February 1983 ) , known simply as Ricardo , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Tenerife as a central midfielder .
Pascal Bader ( born 24 September 1982 ) is a footballer from Switzerland who currently plays as defender for SC Cham .
Martín Abundiz , ( born 10 April 1996 ) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a forward for Mexican club Toluca .
Alex Daley is a defender who plays for P.C. United FC and the Montserrat National team heade his debut for Montserrat against Suriname in a 7 - 1 defeat in a WCQ .
John Michael Nchekwube Obinna ( born 22 April 1987 ) , known as John Obi Mikel , John Mikel Obi or Mikel John Obi , is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for English club Chelsea and the Nigeria national team .
Misael Bueno ( born 15 July 1994 in Três de Maio , Rio Grande do Sul ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Coritiba as a midfielder .
Ahmad Abdollahzadeh ( Persian : احمد عبدالله‌زاده‎‎ ) is an Iranian football midfielder who currently plays for the Iranian football club Foolad .
Róbert Cicman ( born 3 September 1984 ) is a professional Slovak football centre back who plays for the 3 .
Stefan Brasas ( born 31 August 1967 in Münster ) is a German football trainer and former footballer , who played as a goalkeeper .
Marco Parolo ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈmarko paˈrɔlo ) ; born 25 January 1985 ) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a centre midfielder for Serie A club Lazio and the Italian national team .
Abdel Sattar Sabry Abdelmajid Mahmoud ( Arabic : عبدالستار صبري‎ ; born 19 June 1974 ) , known as Sabry , is an Egyptian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder .
Hossein Mehraban ( Persian : حسین مهربان‎‎ ) is an Iranian football forward who currently plays for Iranian football club Padideh in the Iran Pro League .
Sandro Henrique Alves Soares , better known as Sandrinho ( born 3 April 1992 ) , is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Sport Recife .
Rob Horne ( 15 August 1989 in Sydney , Australia ) is a rugby union player who plays as a centre for the NSW Waratahs rugby union club in the Super Rugby competition .
George Moussan ( born 8 November 1989 ) is a Swedish footballer of Syrian descent who plays as a goalkeeper and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent Division 1 Norra side Valsta Syrianska IK .
César - Auguste Laraignée ( born February 10 , 1949 in Buenos Aires ) is a former Argentine football defender who spent most of his career in France .
Yaqoub Al Taher ( Arabic : يعقوب الطاهر‎ , born 27 October 1983 ) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defender for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait .
Stefan Bidstrup ( born 24 February 1975 ) is a retired Danish footballer who played as a midfielder .
Mattia Perin ( Italian pronunciation : ( matˈtia peˈrin ) ; born 10 November 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Genoa and for the Italian national team .
Stephen Tillotson ( born 1884 , deceased ) was an English professional association football player who played as a goalkeeper .
Erol Kahraman ( born January 2 , 1983 in London , United Kingdom ) is a full - time ice hockey goaltender and football goalkeeper of Turkish Cypriot origin with Canadian dual citizenship .
Artūrs Zakreševskis ( born 7 August 1971 in Riga ) is a former football defender from Latvia and is currently the assistant of Latvia U-15 team .
Henok Goitom ( born 22 September 1984 ) is an Eritrean professional footballer who plays as a centre forward .
Morgyn Neill ( born 10 March 1996 ) is a Scottish professional footballer , currently playing as a defender for Livingston in the Scottish Championship .
Yaniv Luzon ( Hebrew : יניב לוזון‎ ; born August 6 , 1981 ) is an Israeli footballer who currently plays for Hapoel Hod HaSharon as an attacking or defending central midfielder , or as a playmaker .
Andriy Sokolenko ( born 8 June 1978 in the Ukrainian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays for Kharkiv in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Kiel McLeod ( born December 30 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is currently an unrestricted free agent .
Thomas Schaaf ( born 30 April 1961 ) is a German retired footballer who played as a defender and the current manager of Hannover 96 .
Guðrún Sóley Gunnarsdóttir ( born 15 September 1982 ) is an Icelandic former football defender who was part of Iceland 's national team and competed at UEFA Women 's Euro 2009 .
Sid Ahmed Zerrouki ( Arabic : سيد أحمد زروقي‎ ; born August 30 , 1970 ) is a former Algerian international football midfielder .
Steven Lecefel , born 16 April 1986 in Trappes , France , is a martinican international footballer who plays as a forward .
Pedro Ricardo López ( Valle del Cauca , 1912 - 17 June 2006 ) was a Colombian football defender and manager .
Sebastian Prödl ( born 21 June 1987 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a defender for Premier League side Watford and the Austrian national team .
Rabin Shrestha is a Nepalese defender who was born in Jaleswor .
Isidro Díaz González ( born 24 May 1954 ) , known simply as Isidro , is a Spanish retired professional footballer who played as a forward .
Ieroklis Stoltidis ( Greek : Ιεροκλής Στολτίδης ; born 2 February 1975 in Thessaloniki ) , also known as `` Iéro '' , is a retired Greek footballer , who played as a defensive midfielder .
Moncef Chargui ( born 7 August 1958 ) is a former Tunisia international football defender who played club football in Tunisia .
Lluís Elcacho Roda ( born 6 January 1964 in Lleida , Catalonia ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a defensive midfielder , and the current coach of SD Formentera .
Steve Pittman ( July 18 , 1967 in Wilson , North Carolina ) is a retired American soccer defender who spent most of his career in the Scottish leagues .
Haitham Al - Shboul ( born 1974 ) is a Jordanian footballer , who was an attacking midfielder for Al - Faisaly ( Amman ) until he currently became an assistant coach for his long - life club .
Andrés Pablo Fernández Rizzo ( born 21 August 1986 in Buenos Aires ) is a Argentine - born citizen of Uruguayan descent football defender who currently plays for Municipal in the Guatemala League .
Sophie Reiser ( born December 21 , 1987 ) is an American soccer midfielder for the Seattle Sounders Women of the United Soccer Leagues W - League .
Terry Bush ( born 29 January 1943 ) is a former professional footballer who played as a forward for Bristol City for his entire career before retiring due to injury in 1970 .
Denis Maffey ( 22 February 1922 -- 1995 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League as a forward for Ipswich Town .
Jeffrey Altheer ( born 9 March 1987 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a defender and midfielder for Willem II in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Ryley Grantham ( born January 7 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre who is under contract to the Missouri Mavericks of the ECHL .
Insaciable ( also known as The Insatiable Widow ) is a 1976 Argentine erotic drama film written and directed by Armando Bo .
Secret Plans ( Chinese : 新大头儿子和小头爸爸之秘密计划 ) is a 2014 Chinese animated film directed by He Cheng .
And Now the Screaming Starts ! is a 1973 British gothic horror film .
Three and Out is a 2008 British black comedy film directed by Jonathan Gershfield .
To Make a Killing is a 1988 Australian film that was also known as Vicious .
Queen of the Road is a 1984 Australian TV movie about two female truckies .
Charlie Murder was eventually released on 14 August 2013 to positive reviews , with critics praising the game 's soundtrack and hand - illustrated visuals .
Box - Office Bunny , released in 1990 , is a 4-minute Looney Tunes short starring Bugs Bunny , Daffy Duck and Elmer Fudd .
Behind the Paint was originally released in July 2003 with a revised second edition released in August 2004 .
Video Days is a skateboarding video by Blind Skateboards released in 1991 .
Blood of the Leopard is a 1972 Taiwanese - Hong Kong kung fu action film directed by Kim Lung .
Circle of Deceit is a 1998 ABC - TV movie starring Janine Turner , Esai Morales and Joanna Cassidy .
When Good Ghouls Go Bad is a 2001 Fox Family television film based on a book written by R. L. Stine .
Lives Worth Living is a 2011 documentary film directed by Eric Neudel and produced by Alison Gilkey , and broadcast by PBS through ITVS , as part of the Independent Lens series .
Seidman and Son is a bestselling 1958 novel by Elick Moll , adapted by Moll into a 1962 play .
Malostranské humoresky is a 1995 Czech film , that starred Josef Kemr .
Bachelor 's Affairs is a 1932 American Pre - Code film based on the play `` Precious '' by James Forbes .
Love , Bitter ( Turkish : Acı Aşk ) is a 2009 Turkish drama film co - produced and directed by A. Taner Elhan , about a literature professor caught in a dangerous love quadrangle .
Pattam Pole ( English : Like a Kite ) is a 2013 Malayalam romantic film directed by cinematographer Alagappan , who makes his directorial debut .
Arson Gang Busters is a 1938 American action film directed by Joseph Kane and written by Alex Gottlieb , Norman Burnstine and Joseph Hoffman .
The Million Dollar Duck ( also titled as The $ 1,000,000 Duck ) is a 1971 Walt Disney Productions comedy film about a goose that lays golden eggs scenario .
Deux enfoirés à Saint - Tropez ( Two bastards in Saint- Tropez ) ( 1986 ) is movie a French B movie by Max Pécas .
The Pokrovsky Gate ( Russian : Покровские ворота ; Pokrovskiye Vorota ) is a 1982 Soviet comedy film produced for television by Mosfilm .
Bednye Rodstvenniki ( Russian : Бедные родственники , Roots , Poor Relatives ) is a 2005 comedy film , close in style to `` The 12 chairs '' and `` The Small Golden Calf '' ; based on the novels by Ilya Ilf and Evgeniy Petrov .
An Airman 's Letter to His Mother ( 1941 ) is a documentary - style British propaganda short film based on an actual letter from a British bomber pilot to his mother published in The Times in June 1940 .
Alles auf Zucker ! ( English : Go for Zucker ) is a German comedy film , released internationally in 2004 .
Amanush 2 is a 2015 bengali thriller film directed by Rajib Kumar Biswas .
Great Wildlife Moments is a nature documentary DVD ( BBCDVD1131 ) introduced by David Attenborough and released on 17 November 2003 .
Do n't Turn ' Em Loose is a 1936 American crime drama film directed by Ben Stoloff and produced by RKO Radio Pictures , who released the film on September 18 , 1936 .
On the Waves of Happiness ( Romanian : Pe valurile fericirii ) is a 1920 Romanian silent film directed by Dolly A. Szigethy and starring Lya De Putti , Maria Filotti and Ian Manolescu .
Young Friend Forever ( Chinese : 我的青春蜜友 ) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Zhao Chong .
The Titfield Thunderbolt is a 1953 British comedy film about a group of villagers trying to keep their branch line operating after British Railways decided to close it .
The Other Conquest broke box - office records upon its 1999 release in Mexico by Twentieth Century Fox , `` enjoying the biggest opening weekend of any Mexican film in history on its home turf '' ( The New York Times ) .
Lucien Brouillard is a 1983 French Canadian film of the drama genre .
The Yankles is a 2009 film directed by David R. Brooks , about a fictitious college - level baseball team made up of students from an Orthodox Yeshiva .
The Biographical Encyclopedia of Astronomers ( BEA ) is a two - volume biographical dictionary , first published in 2007 .
Better This World is a 2011 documentary film that was directed by Kelly Duane and Katie Galloway .
Twelve Mile Road is a 2003 drama film based on the New York Times best selling book Mystery Ride by Robert Boswell .
Since I Left You is the debut studio album by Australian electronic music group The Avalanches , released on 27 November 2000 .
The Weird World of Blowfly is a 2010 documentary film about rapper and hip hop musician Clarence Reid , a / k / a Blowfly , directed by Jonathan Furmanski .
Flight North ( German : Flucht in den Norden , Finnish : Pako pohjoiseen ) is a 1986 German - Finnish drama film directed by Ingemo Engström .
The Viking Queen is a 1967 Hammer adventure film set in Roman Britain .
Apocalypse Pompeii is an 2014 American disaster film produced by The Asylum and directed by Ben Demaree .
Aitraaz ( Objection ) is a 2004 Indian Hindi romantic thriller film produced by Subhash Ghai for Mukta Arts and directed by Abbas - Mustan .
The Wild Racers is a 1968 American feature film about a Grand Prix racing car driver .
Allen Gregory is an American animated television series that aired on Fox from October 30 to December 18 , 2011 .
Khyber Patrol is a 1954 film about British troops on the Afghanistan border .
The Heroes of Desert Storm is a 1991 film that told the story of the Persian Gulf War 's Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm from the point of view of several participants .
The Boneyard is a 1991 American direct - to - video horror film directed by James Cummins .
Čovek nije tica ( English title : Man Is Not a Bird ) is a European art film made in 1965 .
Navalokam is a 1951 Indian Malayalam film , directed by V Krishnan and produced by Pappachan .
Local Boys is a 2002 American coming of age drama film .
Murder in the Clouds is a 1934 American action film dealing with aviation .
Jekhane Ashray is a 2009 Bengali film directed by Amitabha Mitra . This film released under the banner Amitabha Mitra Productions .
Land of Saints ( Italian : La terra dei santi ) is a 2015 Italian crime - thriller film written and directed by Fernando Muraca and starring Valeria Solarino .
You 're a Sap , Mr. Jap is a 1942 one - reel animated cartoon short subject released by Paramount Pictures .
The Beach Girls is a 1982 sex comedy film , directed by Pat Townsend .
The Young Will Live ( Greek : O neoi theloun na zisoun ) is a 1965 Greek drama film directed by Nikos Tzimas .
Dead Fire is a 1997 made for television Canadian science fiction film starring Colin Cunningham as a soldier on a space station .
Midnight Shadow is a 1939 film with an all African American cast .
SO Much Guitar ! is the sixth album by American jazz guitarist Wes Montgomery , released in 1961 .
La Rivolta dei Pretoriani ( AKA : Revolt of the Praetorians ) is a 1964 film about the conspiracy to assassinate the emperor Domitian in the year AD 96 , though the historical facts have been heavily fictionized .
Snow in Paradise is a 2014 British thriller film directed by Andrew Hulme and co - written by Hulme and Martin Askew , who also co - stars in the film .
Girls School Screamers is a 1986 horror film co - written and directed by John P. Finnegan .
High Plains Invaders is a 2009 science fiction television film that aired on the Syfy Channel .
Baptists at Our Barbecue is a 2004 comedy film based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Robert Farrell Smith .
Byomkesh Phire Elo is a 2014 Indian thriller film on Bengali fictional detective Byomkesh Bakshi , released on 19 December 2014 .
Better Living is a 1998 film featured in the Hamptons International Film Festival .
How Wings Are Attached to the Backs of Angels is a 1996 animated short by Canadian animator Craig Welch , produced by the National Film Board of Canada ( NFB ) .
The Heart of Justice , is a 1992 television film starring Eric Stoltz , Jennifer Connelly and Dermot Mulroney .
The Blood Beast Terror is a 1967 British horror film released by Tigon in February 1968 .
All That You Possess ( French : Tout ce que tu possèdes ) is a Canadian drama film , released in 2012 .
Tugboat Annie Sails Again was a 1940 American comedy romance film sequel to the classic 1933 film Tugboat Annie .
Russia 88 is a 2009 Russian mockumentary directed by Pavel Bardin about Russian neo - Nazis .
Awful Orphan is a 1949 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
Holes in the Soup ( Danish : Huller i suppen ) is a Danish comedy film , released in 1988 .
Joe and Ethel Turp Call on the President is a 1939 American comedy film directed by Robert B. Sinclair and written by Melville Baker .
Muling Umawit ang Puso ? is a 1995 Filipino film and an official entry to the 1995 Metro Manila Film Festival .
Flight of the Lost Balloon is a 1961 film produced , written and directed by Nathan Juran that was filmed in Puerto Rico .
The Deathday Party ( Chinese : 死亡派对 ) is a 2014 Chinese suspense thriller film directed by Xie Hang .
Found Memories ( Portuguese : Histórias que Só Existem Quando Lembradas ) is a 2011 Brazilian drama film directed by Júlia Murat .
Låt sommaren gunga dig is a song written by Bert Månson , and recorded by Carina Jaarneks orkester , scoring a 1996 hit .
From Soup to Nuts is a 1928 short comedy film starring Laurel and Hardy as butlers hired for a high society dinner party .
The Childhood of Icarus ( original French title : L'Enfance d'Icare ) is a 2009 film co - written , co - produced , and directed by the Romanian - born Swiss director Alex Iordachescu .
Fundamento de Esperanto ( English : Foundation of Esperanto ) is a book by L. L. Zamenhof , published in the spring of 1905 .
Klassiki periptosi vlavis ( Greek : Κλασική περίπτωση βλάβης ) is a 1987 Greek comedy film , released on video only .
Hit the Road ( 1941 ) is a crime comedy film featuring the Dead End Kids .
Mon premier amour is a 1978 French film .
Mind Ripper , also known as The Hills Have Eyes III , The Hills Still Have Eyes , or The Outpost , is a horror film released on HBO in 1995 .
Call Center Girl is a 2013 Filipino family comedy drama film directed by Don Cuaresma , starring Pokwang , Jessy Mendiola , and Enchong Dee .
Lost in the Hood is a 2009 gay pornographic film directed by Edward James .
Sammy Lightfoot is a game written by Warren Schwader for the Apple II and published by Sierra On - Line in 1983 .
Talk Dirty to Me Part III was a 1984 pornographic movie and a spoof on the mainstream movie Splash and is the second sequel to the original 1980 film Talk Dirty to Me .
Deadly Companion ( also known as Double Negative ) is a 1980 Canadian mystery film based on the novel The Three Roads by Ross Macdonald .
Fantasia 2000 is a 1999 American animated film created by Walt Disney Feature Animation and Walt Disney Pictures and released by Buena Vista Pictures .
Q.R.R ( Quien resulte responsable ) ( `` Whoever is Responsible '' ) is a 1970 Mexican film .
Nail'd was released on 30 November 2010 in North America and on 4 February 2011 in Europe .
Christmas at Cadillac Jack 's is a 2007 American television film .
BiXian Panic ( Chinese title : 笔仙惊魂 ) is a 2012 Chinese horror film directed by David Kuan .
Alma grande ( `` Great Soul '' ) is a 1966 Mexican film based on a comic book created by Pedro Zapian ( writer of the Chanoc stories ) at the beginning of the sixties .
Police Trainer is a light gun arcade game released by P&P Marketing in 1996 .
Catalypse is a horizontal scrolling shooter computer game released for the Commodore 64 by Genias in 1992 , programmed by Andrea Pompili and music written by Michael Tschögl .
Dot in Space is a 1994 Australian animated film , one of the popular series featuring Dot from Dot and the Kangaroo .
Escuela para suegras ( `` School for Stepmothers '' ) is a 1958 Mexican film .
President Wilson in Paris is a 1973 Australian TV movie based on the play by Ron Blair set during the Paris Peace Conference , 1919 .
Raamanam ( Malayalam : രാമാനം , English : Night Sky ) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed and produced by M. P. Sukumaran Nair .
Death Is a Number is a 1951 British horror film directed by Robert Henryson and starring Terence Alexander , Lesley Osmond and Peter Gawthorne .
Box Head Revolution is a 2002 science fiction film directed , produced , edited and co - written by Mark Christensen .
Amy George is a 2011 Canadian microbudget film written , produced and directed by Yonah Lewis and Calvin Thomas .
American Mayor is a 2009 documentary film detailing Travis Irvine 's 2007 campaign for mayor of Bexley , Ohio .
The House Without a Name is a 1956 short documentary film written and produced by Valentine Davies .
Aa Naluguru ( English translation : Those Four i.e. the four people who carry a body in a funeral procession ) is a 2004 Telugu drama film starring Rajendra Prasad and Amani .
Frida , en trotjänarinna is a 1999 documentary film which originally aired over SVT on 3 May 1999 .
Eadie Was a Lady is a 1945 American musical comedy .
Volcanic Dungeon is a role - playing video game designed by Roy Carnell and Stuart A. Galloway and released by Carnell Software for the ZX Spectrum , Dragon 32/64 and ZX81 computers in 1983 .
Aegri Somnia ( 2006 ) is an anthology of horror stories edited by Jason Sizemore and Gill Ainsworth and published by Apex Books .
Scooby - Doo ! and the Spooky Scarecrow is a 2013 Direct - to - DVD special based upon the Scooby - Doo Saturday morning cartoons as a Halloween special , released on September 10 , 2013 on the 13 Spooky Tales :
Fighting Father Dunne is a 1948 American biographical film about the life of Father Peter Dunne , and the creation of his News Boys Home in St. Louis , Missouri .
The Eighth House also known as Horror Floor ( Chinese : 诡八楼 ) is a 2014 Chinese romantic thriller film directed by Zhang Li .
Student Number 1 is an Indian , Tamil film released in 2003 .
The Pranava - Vada of Gargyayana ( pranava - vāda is the Sanskrit for `` uttering of Pranava ( AUM ) '' ) is a book by Bhagavan Das , published in three volumes in years 1910 - 1913 by the Theosophical Society , Adyar with notes by Annie Besant .
Parallel Worlds , Parallel Lives is a BAFTA - winning television documentary broadcast in 2007 on BBC Scotland and BBC Four , in which American rock musician Mark Oliver Everett talks with physicists and the former colleagues of his father--
Sir Billi is a 2012 British computer animated adventure comedy feature film .
The Way He Looks ( Portuguese : Hoje Eu Quero Voltar Sozinho -- literally , `` Today I Want to Go Back Alone '' ) is a 2014 Brazilian coming - of - age romantic drama film based on the 2010 short film I Do n't Want to Go Back Alone ( Eu Não Quero Voltar Sozinho ) .
Hitch Hike Lady is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Aubrey Scotto and written by Gordon Rigby and Lester Cole .
The Ugly Duckling and Me ! is a 2006 animated film which won an award at the China International Cartoon and Digital Art Festival .
Scarecrow Gone Wild is a low - budget film released in 2004 about a group of college co - eds who are hunted down by a killer Scarecrow after a hazing ritual sends one male student into a coma .
Columbus Discovers Kraehwinkel ( German : Columbus entdeckt Krähwinkel ) is a 1954 West German comedy film directed by Ulrich Erfurth and Alexander Paal and starring Eva Kerbler , Charles Chaplin Jr. and Rudolf Platte .
A Marvelous Work and a Wonder is a 1950 book by LeGrand Richards on the history and doctrine of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints ( LDS Church ) .
Thanks for Everything is a 1938 American comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Curtis Kenyon and Harry Tugend .
Agent 009 is a 1980 Hindi - language Indian feature film produced by S.V.S.Films , starring Vijendra Mittal , Rehana Sultan , Madhushala and Padma Khanna in lead roles .
Town of the Dragon ( Chinese : 卧龙岗 ) is a 2014 Chinese suspense comedy film directed by Xue Cun .
Trapped in Tia Juana is a 1932 American Pre - Code western .
Keeping the Kibbutz is a 2010 American documentary film co - directed by Ben Crosbie and Tessa Moran about the Israeli kibbutz , which explores the background and history of the kibbutz movement and how the movement has changed to meet economic needs .
Kings for a Day ( French : Comme des rois ) is a 1997 French comedy film directed by François Velle .
Chirakodinja Kinavukal ( English : Dreams with Broken Wings ) is a 2015 Malayalam spoof film .
Mondomanila is a 2012 Filipino crime comedy drama film directed by independent filmmaker Khavn .
Old Partner ( Hangul : 워낭 소리 ; RR : Wonang Sori ; lit . `` Cowbell Sound '' ) is a 2008 South Korean documentary film directed by Lee Chung - ryoul .
Hari Darshan is a 1972 Bollywood religious film directed by Chandrakan .
Roman Legion - Hare is a Looney Tunes animated short released in 1955 .
Metallica Through the Never is a 2013 American IMAX thriller concert film featuring the American heavy metal band Metallica .
9 millimeter is a Swedish crime / drama film premiered in 1997 .
The Gentleman Thief is a 2001 British television adaptation of the A.J. Raffles stories by Ernest William Hornung .
Gone Batty is a Looney Tunes animated cartoon short released by Warner Brothers on September 4 , 1954 .
We Were Soldiers is a 2002 war film that dramatizes the Battle of Ia Drang on November 14 , 1965 .
Kaliveedu is a 1996 Malayalam family drama film that explores the marital relationship of Mahesh and Mridula and their divorce .
Men Suddenly in Black ( Chinese : 大丈夫 ) is a 2003 Hong Kong comedy film directed by Pang Ho - Cheung .
Pubescence 3 is a 2012 Chinese teen sex comedy film and a sequel to Pubescence and Paradise Lost as part of the Pubescence theatrical series .
A Dark Reflection is a 2015 British independent investigative thriller film directed and produced by former British Airways airline captain Tristan Loraine .
The Day the World Broke is an adventure / puzzle game released by Houghton Mifflin Interactive in 1997 .
Vannakili ( Tamil : வண்ணக்கிளி ) is a 1959 Indian Tamil film , directed by T. R. Raghunath and produced by T. R. Sundaram .
Cannibal Terror ( French title : Terreur Cannibale ) is a 1981 cannibal film .
Another Fine Myth is a 1978 novel by Robert Lynn Asprin , and is the first book in the Myth Adventures series .
Jalanan enjoyed additional prominence and media attention when it was screened in April 2014 by Jakarta 's Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama ( ' Ahok ' ) at City Hall for 300 senior government officials .
Small Town Conspiracy or formally known as Florida City is an independent feature film shot in 2003 in Orlando , Florida .
Laat Saheb ( Big Lord ) is a Bollywood film released in 1946 .
Missing U is an award - winning 2013 short animated film made by Brooke Wagstaff which was featured in multiple film festivals .
The Realization of a Negro 's Ambition is a 1916 American silent short film that is now lost .
The Andersonville Trial was a television adaptation of a 1959 hit Broadway play by Saul Levitt , presented as an episode of PBS 's on May 17 , 1970 as part of the anthology series Hollywood Television Theatre .
Men of the Sky is a 1931 all - talking American Pre - Code musical drama film which was produced by Warner Bros. in 1930 and released in 1931 .
Sherlock Holmes and the Case of the Silk Stocking is a British television film originally broadcast on BBC One in the UK on 26 December 2004 .
The Good German is a 2006 film adaptation of Joseph Kanon 's eponymous 2001 novel .
Red Lights Ahead is a 1936 American film directed by Roland D. Reed .
Crime Unlimited is a 1935 British crime film that was made as a Quota quickie .
The Horsemasters was a 2 part episode of the Disneyland TV show from 1961 which screened theatrically in some countries .
Political Rowdy is a 2005 Tollywood film directed by Adi .
So Normal ( Original Portuguese title : Os Normais ) is a 2003 Brazilian film , based on the popular Brazilian sitcom of the same name .
Assault in the Ring ( formerly Cornered : A Life in the Ring ) is a 2008 sports documentary film about a controversial boxing match held at Madison Square Garden on June 16 , 1983 .
Shockwave , Darkside is a 2014 American 3D science fiction film written and directed by Jay Weisman .
Chess Moves is a 1985 music video compilation for the musical Chess directed by David G. Hillier .
Meenthoni is a 1998 Indian Malayalam film directed by PR Ravi and starring Boban Alummoodan in the lead roles .
Every Day Except Christmas is a 37-minute documentary film filmed in 1957 at the Covent Garden fruit , vegetable and flower market , then located in the Covent Garden area of East central London .
Singh of Festival is a 2015 Sikh devotional film from Punjab .
Anywhere , U.S.A. is a 2008 feature film directed by Chusy Haney - Jardine starring mostly non - professional actors .
Circle of the Sun is a 1960 short documentary film on Kainai Nation , or Blood Tribe , of Southern Alberta , which captured their Sun Dance ritual on film for the first time .
Orphans of the Sahara is a three - part documentary series , produced by Al Jazeera , and aired on January 2014 .
Cinco asesinos esperan ( `` Five Murderers Waiting '' ) is a 1964 Mexican film .
Man - Trap is a 1961 American drama film about a Korean War veteran who becomes involved in a scheme to steal $ 3.5 million from a Central American dictator .
Ke Tumi ( Bengali : কে তুমি `` Who are you '' ) is a 2008 Bengali film .
The Boy with a Thorn in His Side is a 2005 comedy film , produced and directed by Mark Jeavonsa as his feature film debut , and starring Alec Sedgley as Billy Heinlickburger .
Reach for Me is a 2008 American comedy - drama film that portrays how we deal with life , love , laughter , and commitment in our last days with the realization that :
Ethirppukal is a 1984 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Unni Aranmula and produced by Unni Aranmula .
Pacific Banana is a 1981 Australian sex comedy film which reunites the star and writer of Alvin Purple .
Matzor ( Hebrew : מצור‎ , translit . Siege ) is a 1969 Israeli film directed by Italian director Gilberto Tofano .
The Hacker Wars is a 2014 documentary film about hacktivism in the United States , directed by Vivien Lesnik Weisman .
Mother , I Love You ( Latvian : Mammu , es tevi mīlu ) is a 2013 Latvian drama film written and directed by Jānis Nords .
Unakkaga Piranthen ( 1992 ) is a Tamil language romantic film , written and directed by Balu Anand .
Oonche Log ( English language : High Society People ) is an Indian Hindi film directed by Brij , released on 5 July , 1985 .
L'important c'est la rose is a song written by Louis Amade and Gilbert Bécaud , and recorded by Gilbert Bécaud , released 1967 ..
Sapnon Ka Mandir ( English : Temple of Dreams ) is a 1991 Indian Bollywood film produced by Suresh Kumar on Kamla Productions banner and directed by Pradip Jain .
The Black Gestapo is a 1975 nazi - blaxploitation film about a vigilante named General Ahmed , who starts an inner - city `` People 's Army '' to protect the black citizens of Watts .
Quattro rose rosse ( Italian : Four red roses ) is a 1951 Italian film .
Herzog Blaubarts Burg ( `` Duke Bluebeard 's Castle '' ) ( 1963 ) is a film of the opera Bluebeard 's Castle by the Hungarian composer Béla Bartók , written in 1911 to a symbolist libretto by the poet and later film theorist Béla Balázs .
Philadelphia Experiment II ( also known as The Philadelphia Experiment II , The Philadelphia Experiment 2 , or Philadelphia Experiment 2 ) is a 1993 science fiction film .
Aaseya Bale is a 1987 Indian Kannada drama - thriller film directed by Raj Kishor .
Aada Paduchu or Aadapaduchu ( Telugu : ఆడపడుచు ) is a 1967 Telugu Drama film produced and directed by K. Hemambaradhara Rao .
Fighting Thoroughbreds is a 1939 American drama film directed by Sidney Salkow and written by Wellyn Totman .
Control Factor is a 2003 Sci Fi Pictures science fiction TV - movie .
The Silenced ( Hangul : 경성학교 : 사라진 소녀들 ; RR : Gyeongseong Hakgyo : Sarajin Sonyeodeul ; lit . `` Gyeongseong School : The Lost Girls '' ) is a 2015 South Korean mystery - thriller film written and directed by Lee Hae - young , starring Park Bo - young and Uhm Ji - won .
Thumb Tripping is an American 1972 drama film directed by Quentin Masters and written by Don Mitchell .
Murder at the Gallop ( 1963 ) is the second of four Miss Marple films made by Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer .
Painful Maturity ( Hangul : 아픈 성숙 ; RR : Ap'eun seongsuk ) is 1980 South Korean melodrama film directed by Park Chul - soo .
WWF WrestleMania 2000 is a professional wrestling video game originally released in 1999 on the Nintendo 64 ( N64 ) console .
Chandra Mukhi ( Hindi : चन्द्रमुखी ) is a Hindi language film , released in 1993 .
Filming for Mutts to You took place from March 30 to April 2 , 1938 .
Bedi Bandavalu ( Kannada : ಬೇಡಿ ಬಂದವಳು ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film , directed by C. Srinivasan and produced by T N Srinivasan .
Prodavnica tajni ( trans . The Secrets Shop ) is the fourth studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Bajaga i Instruktori , released in 1988 .
The U Movie is a 2010 Canadian documentary film that describes the backpacking adventures of Alexander Reid and Thomas Douglas as they travel to the South Pacific in late September 2004 .
For the Bible Tells Me So is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Daniel G. Karslake about homosexuality and its perceived conflict with Christianity , as well as various interpretations of what the Bible says about same - sex sexuality .
Demonic Toys is an American film produced by Charles Band 's Full Moon Entertainment and released in 1992 .
Bettanagere ( Kannada : ಬೆತ್ತನಗೆರೆ ) is a 2015 Indian Kannada crime - thriller film written and directed by Mohan Gowda B. G. It is a fictional exposé of the underworld cousin goons Bethanagere Seena and Bethanagere Shankara who are based in the North Bangalore region called Bethanagere .
So You Want to Be in Pictures is a 1947 one - reel short in the Joe McDoakes series .
Vaathiyaar Veettu Pillai ( English : Son from Teacher 's house ) is a 1989 Tamil film directed by P Vasu .
Once a Jolly Swagman is a 1949 British film starring Dirk Bogarde , Bonar Colleano , Bill Owen , Thora Hird and Sid James .
Mamatheya Madilu ( Kannada : ಮಮತೆಯ ಮಡಿಲು ) is a 1985 Indian Kannada film , directed by Eeranki Sharma and produced by J Chandulal Jain .
Dark Circles is a 2013 horror film starring Johnathon Schaech and Pell James .
The Falcon in Mexico is a 1944 film which was the ninth of sixteen films in the Falcon series .
Little Big League is a 1994 family sports film about a 12-year - old who suddenly becomes the owner and then manager of the Minnesota Twins baseball team .
Adventure in the Bronx is a 1941 American short documentary film .
Prem Pinda ( Nepali : प्रेम पिन्ड ) is a breakthrough , first historic 1995 Nepali film directed by Yadav Kharel and produced by actor Neer Shah .
The Gatling Gun originally titled King Gun is a Western shot in 1969 in New Mexico that features then New Mexico Governor David Cargo in a small role .
Crimes of Fashion is a 2004 telefilm that aired on July 25 , 2004 on ABC Family .
Achante Aanmakkal is a 2012 Malayalam film directed by Chandrasekharan , starring Sarath Kumar , Meghna Raj and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles .
Marvel One - Shots are a series of direct - to - video short films produced by Marvel Studios , set within the Marvel Cinematic Universe ( MCU ) , released from 2011 to 2014 .
Boarding House Blues is a 1948 American race film directed by Josh Binney .
Gutshot Straight is a 2014 American action , thriller directed by Justin Steele and starring George Eads , AnnaLynne McCord , Stephen Lang , Steven Seagal , Tia Carrere , Vinnie Jones , Ted Levine , and Fiona Dourif .
Where 's My Cow ? was released on 23 September 2005 , to coincide with Thud!.
Chupi Chupi Aashey ( Silently he comes ) is a 1960 Bengali murder mystery film .
Proud American is a 2008 biographical drama film released by Slowhand Cinema in both conventional 35 mm and IMAX format .
Daasa ( Kannada : ದಾಸ ) is a 2003 Kannada action film directed and written by P. N. Satya .
In December 2011 , the SproutCore 2.0 framework was renamed to Ember.js , to reduce confusion between the application framework and the widget library of SproutCore 1.0 .
Once Upon a Time There Lived a Simple Woman ( Russian : Жила-была одна баба ; Zhila - byla odna baba ) is a 2011 film by writer / director Andrey Smirnov .
Lala 's Gun ( Chinese : 滚拉拉的枪 ; pinyin : Gun Lala De Qiang ) is a 2008 film about the coming - of - age of a young boy as a member of China 's Miao ethnic minority .
When Harvey Met Bob is a 2010 television film , written by Joe Dunlop , dramatising the relationship between musician Bob Geldof and concert promoter Harvey Goldsmith as they organize the massive fundraising concert Live Aid in 1985 .
Overnight is a 2003 documentary by Tony Montana and Mark Brian Smith .
I Remember Everything , Richard ( Latvian : Es visu atceros , Ričard ) is a 1966 film produced during Soviet period at the Riga Film Studio .
The Rumperbutts is a 2015 American musical comedy written and directed by Marc Brener , starring Kori Gardner and Jason Hammel of the indie pop duo Mates of State , as well as Vanessa Ray , Josh Brener and Arian Moayed .
Chinna Raja is a 1999 Tamil language film directed and produced by Chitra Lakshmanan .
Rhestr Nadolig Wil ( Wil 's Christmas List ) is a Welsh language television film first broadcast in 2008 on S4C.
Sala Budha ( Odia : ଶଲା ବୁଢା English : The Stupid old man ) is a 2012 released Indian regional ( Odia language ) movie which won National award and acclaimed as one of the best movie by many critics . The movie is based on an ancient village story ( Loka Katha ) .
Maha Maha ( Tamil : மகா மகா , English : Great Great ) is a 2015 Indian Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Mathivanan Sakthivel .
Heera Panna ( Hindi : हीरा पन्ना ) is a 1973 Hindi film .
Madhu Chandra ( Kannada : ಮಧುಚಂದ್ರ ) is a 1979 Indian Kannada film , directed by Ramesh - Shivaram .
Jimmy Zip is a 1996 short film starring Alyssa Milano , Spalding Gray and Justin Whalin .
Chithrakoodam is a 2003 Indian Malayalam film , directed by MS Pradeep Kumar , starring Abhinay and Jagadish in the lead role .
On the Trail with Miss Snail Pail is a 2009 short documentary film that follows Colleen Flanigan , aka Miss Snail Pail , as she provides a snail removal service that recycles the garden pests into food .
Traces of a Black Haired Girl ( Serbo - Croatian : Tragovi crne devojke ) is a 1972 Yugoslav film directed by Zdravko Randić .
Three Steps Above Heaven ( Spanish : Tres Metros Sobre el Cielo , literally `` Three Metres Above Heaven '' ) is a 2010 Spanish film based on the novel of the same name by Federico Moccia .
Bright Red is the title of performance artist Laurie Anderson 's sixth album , released by Warner Bros. in 1994 .
Guinness World Records , known from its inception in 1955 until 1998 as The Guinness Book of Records and in previous U.S. editions as The Guinness Book of World Records , is a reference book published annually , listing world records , both human achievements and the extremes of the natural world .
Master Hands is a 1936 sponsored documentary film short which shows what work is like in a Chevrolet automobile factory .
Mindscape / Le paysagiste is a 1976 pinscreen animation short film by Jacques Drouin , produced by the National Film Board of Canada .
Star Spangled Salesman is a 1968 short film produced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to promote the sale of Savings Bonds .
Held for Damages is a 1916 American short silent comedy film , directed by Jack Harvey .
Cherish in Love ( Chinese : 爱你不等来生 ) is a 2014 Chinese romance film directed by Wang Anqing .
Ohun Oko Somida is a 2010 Nigerian film written and produced by Sola Sobowale .
Mulher Objeto is a 1981 Brazilian erotic film directed by Silvio de Abreu .
Splendor in the Grass is a 1961 Technicolor romantic drama film that tells a story of a teenage girl navigating her feelings of sexual repression , love , and heartbreak .
The Heart of Steel is a documentary directed by Angelo J. Guglielmo , Jr. and had its World Premiere at The Tribeca Film Festival in May , 2006 .
The Man Who Will Come ( Italian : L'uomo che verrà ) is an Italian film released in 2009 .
Live at Rome Olympic Stadium is a live album and video by English alternative rock band Muse , which was released on 29 November 2013 in the CD / DVD and Blu - ray formats .
On Your Radar was recorded from August 2010 until September 2011 , and released under the record license to Fascination Records a sub - label of Polydor Records .
Elvis Perkins in Dearland is the second studio album by Elvis Perkins , and his first with backing band Elvis Perkins in Dearland , released on March 10 , 2009 , on XL Recordings .
Morning Noon Night is Jim Guthrie 's second album on Three Gut Records .
The Infotainment Scan is 15th album by The Fall , released in 1993 on Permanent Records in the UK and by Matador Records in the US .
New Arrangement is an album by Jackie DeShannon , released by Columbia Records ( PC 33500 ) in 1975 .
On the Threshold of a Dream is the fourth album by The Moody Blues , released in 1969 through Deram Records .
`` Do n't Stand Another Chance '' was released as the lead single from Dream Street on August 13 , 1984 by A&M Records .
`` Some Things You Never Get Used To '' is a song released in 1968 by Diana Ross & the Supremes on the Motown label .
The Leadstar is the second solo album by Sonata Arctica guitarist Elias Viljanen released by Lion Music .
After three years of anticipation , Los Amigos Invisibles released their album , Commercial , in a joint effort between Gozadera Records and Nacional Records .
On the 13th Day is the 17th studio album from the rock group Magnum ( including Keeping the Nite Light Burning and ignoring Evolution ) , which was released in September 2012 , under the label of Steamhammer Records / SPV .
Rome Remains Rome is the fifth album by Holger Czukay , released in 1987 through Virgin Records .
Čudna noč is an album by Slovenian a cappella band Perpetuum Jazzile released in 2006 by Dallas Records .
Bird 's Eye View ( album ) is the debut full - length album by singer - songwriter Amy Kuney , which was released August 12 , 2008 by Spin Move Records .
`` 100 Yard Dash '' is a song by American recording artist Raphael Saadiq , released as a single on March 30 , 2009 , by Columbia Records .
The Queen and the Dreams ( Chinese : 皇后与梦想 ) is the debut studio album of Chinese singer Li Yuchun , released on September 15 , 2006 , by Taihe Rye Music .
Lieberman 's long - time record label , New York Jewish indie label JDub Records went out of business shortly after the release of The Rabbi Is Dead .
Livin ' in the Fast Lane is the fourth studio album by the American hip hop group The Sugarhill Gang , released in 1984 on Sugar Hill Records .
Supersonic Guitars in 3-D is the seventh studio album by American instrumental rock band Los Straitjackets , released on September 9 , 2003 by Yep Roc Records .
Simply Nothing is the debut album by singer / songwriter Shawn McDonald on Sparrow Records released August 10 , 2004 .
`` Praying for Time '' is a song written and performed by George Michael , released on Epic Records in 1990 .
Before Turning the Gun on Himself is the eighth stand - up comedy album by Doug Stanhope , released on November 6 , 2012 , by Roadrunner Records .
Three days later Pink Floyd signed with EMI , receiving a £ 5,000 advance .
I Kalomira Paei Cinema is a concept album by the popular Greek - American singer Kalomira that was released on December 7 , 2006 by Heaven Music .
The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion is the second album by the Scottish psychedelic folk group , The Incredible String Band ( ISB ) , and was released in July 1967 on Elektra Records ( see 1967 in music ) .
On Every Street is the sixth and final studio album by British rock band Dire Straits , released on 10 September 1991 by Vertigo Records internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
Peace on Earth , War on Stage is a 7 `` vinyl E.P. released by Philadelphia hardcore band Blacklisted on Deathwish Inc ..
Gafieira Universal is the second album by Brazilian Funk band Banda Black Rio released in 1978 vinyl format by RCA Records ( 103.0268 ) and reissued in 1993 .
King of the Kounty is an album by rap artist Shortyo released on October 13 , 2009 , on Affiliated Entertainment Group / Koch Entertainment .
`` What She Does n't Know '' is a 7 `` single by American singer - songwriter Nina Nastasia , released on February 25 , 2008 by Fat Cat Records .
In with the Out Crowd is the sixth studio album by American ska - punk band Less Than Jake , released on May 23 , 2006 on Sire Records .
`` ( Come ' Round Here ) I 'm the One You Need '' is a 1966 hit single by Motown group The Miracles , released on Motown Records ' Tamla label .
The Song You Heard When You Fell in Love was an LP album issued by Atlantic Records in 1958 , featuring vocalist Betty Johnson .
Four songs were included as bonus tracks to the single release of `` Vilaiyaadu Mankatha '' , all of which were part of earlier soundtracks by Yuvan Shankar Raja and were marketed by Sony Music Entertainment .
Terrorhawk is the second and final album by the post - hardcore band Bear vs. Shark , released in 2005 by Equal Vision Records .
Réservé aux indiens ( Only Indians allowed ) is a compilation of unreleased songs by French rocker Alain Bashung , issued in early 1993 on Barclay Records as part of the reissues of Bashung material on CD format .
Never Take Friendship Personal is the second album by the alternative rock band Anberlin , released on February 1 , 2005 on Tooth & Nail Records .
Neuromance ( stylized as : //Neuromance ) is the debut studio album by Italian industrial rock band Dope Stars Inc. and is also the first project by the band released under the Trisol Music Group label .
Sex - O Olympic - O is the fifth album by the Revolting Cocks , released on March 3 , 2009 through 13th Planet Records .
In 1981 , at the age of 11 , Luis Miguel released his first album , Un Sol , by the Mexican branch of EMI Records .
Ruiner , released on August 16 , 2005 through Nitro Records , is the second full - length album from the Massachusetts - based melodic hardcore band A Wilhelm Scream , since changing their name from Smackin ' Isaiah in 2002 .
The High Road is the second studio album by American singer JoJo , released on October 17 , 2006 by Da Family Entertainment , Blackground Records , and Universal Records .
Done by the Forces of Nature is the second studio album by American hip hop group Jungle Brothers , released on November 7 , 1989 by Warner Bros. Records .
+ ' Justments is a 1974 album by Bill Withers , released by Sussex Records .
Just like the two preceding Stars on 45 albums The Superstars was also issued in the Soviet Union and large parts of the Eastern Bloc by state - owned label Melodiya , credited to Stars on 45 but released under the title Discotheque Stars 3 .
`` Incredibilmente donna '' - a song by French singer Amanda Lear released in 1982 by Ariola Records .
On September 13 , 2013 Immanuel Casto published his seventh studio album `` Freak & Chic'',from which are extrapolate singles Tropicanal , Sexual Navigator , feat . drag queen Minerva Lowenthal , and Sognando Cracovia , the last one is the second collaboration with Falconi , and named their collective 2014 - -2015 tour .
Piece of Mind is the fourth studio album by the English heavy metal band Iron Maiden , originally released in 1983 by EMI and then by Capitol in Canada and the US , where it was later reissued by Sanctuary / Columbia Records .
Under a Shady Tree is the Two Tomatoes Records and Capitol Records album by children 's musician Laurie Berkner .
Add to the Beauty , a contemporary Christian album , is the fourth studio album and fifth album overall by Sara Groves .
You Had It Coming is the eighth studio album by guitarist Jeff Beck , released on 6 February 2001 through Epic Records .
`` Baby , Baby I Need You '' is a 1963 song recorded by The Temptations for the Gordy ( Motown ) label .
Open Our Eyes is the fifth studio album by Earth , Wind & Fire , released in 1974 on Columbia Records .
Da Game Is to Be Sold , Not to Be Told is the third studio album by American rapper Snoop Dogg ; it was released , by No Limit Records on August 4 , 1998 in the United States .
Platinum Jazz is a double album , the ninth studio album by War , released on Blue Note Records in 1976 .
`` Warum '' ( German : Why ) , was the name of the fourth single of German pop / rock group Juli .
Bad Day for Trains is the second studio album by Canadian country music singer / songwriter Patricia Conroy , and was released in 1992 by Warner Music Canada .
A King & Two Queens is an album by American country music artist George Jones and features duets with Melba Montgomery and Judy Lynn , released in 1964 on the United Artists Records .
Strings to a Web is the 19th studio album by the German heavy metal band Rage , released in Europe on February 5 2009 through Nuclear Blast Records .
One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This was released by Roadrunner Records on July 24 , 2006 , in the United Kingdom and July 25 in the United States .
Good Arrows is the English band Tunng 's third album , released in August 2007 on Full Time Hobby in the UK and Thrill Jockey in the U.S. and Canada .
Listen to Little Red is the debut studio album by Australian rock band Little Red , released through Shock Records on 28 June 2008 .
Bar / None Records promoted `` Purple Toupee '' by pasting fake labels on 8-track tapes by other artists .
Troops of Tomorrow is the second album by the punk rock band The Exploited , released in 1982 through Secret Records .
Star People is a 1983 album recorded by Miles Davis and issued by Columbia Records .
Of Sound Mind is the second album by Los Angeles - based metal band Ancestors , released on October 6 , 2009 by Tee Pee Records .
Up on the Downs is the first solo record by DJ Rob Smith , and his first release on Grand Central Records independent record label .
Love You Just The Same is a 2003 rock album by Texan rock band Centro - Matic .
`` Sanctified Lady '' is a song by American soul singer Marvin Gaye , released posthumously in 1985 by Columbia Records .
Dear Independence is the second album by the Danish blues rock group The Blue Van , released in 2006 under TVT Records .
Peacetika is the fourth studio album by the Minneapolis - based noise rock band Cows , released in March 1991 by Amphetamine Reptile Records .
It 's All on U , Vol . 2 is the fourth studio album by American rapper B.G. , released on November 11 , 1997 , on Cash Money Records .
I Will Survive ( Doin' It My Way ) is the second studio album by American R&B singer - songwriter Chantay Savage , released March 1996 on RCA Records .
Arrive Without Travelling , released in 1985 , is the second album by The Three O'Clock , and their I.R.S. Records debut .
Loud Planes Fly Low is the fifth album by the American band The Rosebuds , released in 2011 on Merge Records .
Workin ' Overtime is the seventeenth studio album by American singer Diana Ross , released on June 6 , 1989 by Motown .
Join Dan Sartain is the fourth album by the Birmingham , Alabama rock musician Dan Sartain , released in 2006 by Swami Records .
Hard to Hit is the third album released by rapper Big Mike , which was released on May 25 , 1999 , on Rap - a - Lot Records and was produced by Mike B. , Mike Dean , and Mr. Lee .
Sans attendre ( meaning Without Waiting ) is a French - language studio album by Canadian singer Celine Dion , released by Columbia Records on November 2 , 2012 .
In 1992 , it was reissued on Taang ! Records under the title The First Seven Inches ...
All the Roadrunning is a collaborative album by British singer - songwriter and guitarist Mark Knopfler and American singer - songerwriter Emmylou Harris , released on 24 April 2006 by Mercury Records and Universal Music internationally , and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States .
Life on a Plate was re - released in the United States the following year by Epitaph Records on March 26 , 1996 .
With Teeth ( stylized as ( WITH_TEETH ) ) is the fourth studio album by American industrial rock band Nine Inch Nails , released on May 3 , 2005 , by Interscope Records .
Hidden Things is an album by Australian folk rock group Paul Kelly & the Messengers released in May 1992 on Mushroom Records , which reached No . 29 on the ARIA Albums Chart .
Unfinished Monkey Business is the debut solo album by Ian Brown released in February 1998 via Polydor Records .
Milk Cow Blues is an album from American country singer Willie Nelson , released on September 19 , 2000 on the Island Records label .
Superhero Music was the second album by Fingathing , released on Grand Central Records in June 2002 .
Bloodrock 2 is the second album by the Texas hard rock band Bloodrock , released on Capitol Records in 1970 and produced by Terry Knight .
Georgiavania is the debut album by American underground hip hop artists Jneiro Jarel and Khujo under the moniker Willie Isz , released on Lex Records on June 15 , 2009 .
Singer of Sad Songs is a 1970 album by Waylon Jennings , released on RCA Records .
`` You 'll See '' was released on October 30 , 1995 by Maverick Records as the first single from the album .
`` Runaway Child , Running Wild '' ( shown as `` Run Away Child , Running Wild '' on the label of the original single ) is a 1969 hit single for the Gordy ( Motown ) label , performed by The Temptations and produced by Norman Whitfield .
Whatever Gets You Off is the major label debut by Chicago based hard rock band The Last Vegas , released on April 14 , 2009 , on Nikki Sixx 's Eleven Seven Music label .
Tinnitus Sanctus is the eighth studio album by German power metal band Edguy , released on November 14 , 2008 on Nuclear Blast .
Red Dirt Road is the eighth studio album for country duo Brooks & Dunn , released in 2003 on Arista Nashville .
`` Il sole di domenica '' is a single by Italian singer Dolcenera , released by EMI Music on 8 April 2011 .
Pretzel Logic is the third studio album by the American rock band Steely Dan , released on February 20 , 1974 , by ABC Records .
Asianblue is the seventh album by Emm Gryner , released in 2002 on Gryner 's independent Dead Daisy Records .
A Shared Dream is the debut Japanese studio album by South Korean boy band U - KISS , released in February 29 , 2012 by Avex Trax .
The Years of Decay is the fourth studio album by thrash metal band Overkill , released on October 13 , 1989 through Atlantic and Megaforce Records .
Thelonious Himself is a studio album by Thelonious Monk released in 1957 via Riverside Records , his fourth for the label .
Sorry for Partyin ' is Bowling for Soup 's eighth studio album , and sixth and final album with Jive Records .
`` The Disco Before the Breakdown '' is the first single by the Gainesville , Florida - based punk rock band Against Me ! , released in November 2002 by No Idea Records .
Atavachron is the fourth studio album by guitarist Allan Holdsworth , released in 1986 through Enigma Records ( United States ) and JMS--
Blackjazz is the fifth studio album by the Norwegian band Shining , released through Indie Recordings on 18 January 2010 .
Last Word Spoken is the second album by punk rock band One Man Army , which was released in 2000 through Adeline Records .
`` Operation Righteous Cowboy Lightning '' is the twelfth episode of the fifth season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock .
Angel Fire East is the third and final novel in the Word & Void series by Terry Brooks , written as a prequel to his Shannara series .
`` The Duchess Assignment '' is the 21st episode of the 1960s Supermarionation television series Thunderbirds .
Tom and Chérie is a 1955 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley .
Battle of the Giants ! is the first special Christmas episode of the British comedy series Dad 's Army that was originally transmitted on Monday 27 December 1971 .
`` Objects at Rest '' is the penultimate episode from the fifth season of the science - fiction television series Babylon 5 .
The Kidnap Murder Case is a 1936 murder mystery novel by S. S. Van Dine , the tenth of twelve books featuring fictional detective Philo Vance .
`` Human Flesh '' is the pilot episode of the animated television series Bob 's Burgers .
`` Robin 's Reckoning '' is a two - part episode of the critically acclaimed Batman : The Animated Series .
A Stripe for Frazer is an episode in the British comedy series Dad 's Army .
A Lion Walks Among Us is a 1961 episode of the TV anthology drama Bus Stop which was highly controversial because of its depiction of violence .
The Deep Blue Good - by is the first of 21 novels in the Travis McGee series by American author John D. MacDonald .
The Mark of Athena is the third book of The Heroes of Olympus series by Rick Riordan , released on October 2 , 2012 .
`` Family Scrapbook '' is the final episode of the iconic American television series Leave It to Beaver .
`` Beware My Cheating Bart '' is the eighteenth episode of the twenty - third season of the animated sitcom The Simpsons .
`` The Infinite Vulcan '' is the seventh episode of the first season of the American animated science fiction television series Star Trek : The Animated Series .
`` Last of the Time Lords '' is the thirteenth and final episode of the third series of the revived British science fiction television series Doctor Who .
`` Do - Over '' is the first episode of the third season of the American television comedy series 30 Rock , and the thirty - seventh episode overall .
`` Whistle While Your Wife Works '' is the fifth episode of season five of Family Guy , the last episode produced for Season 4 .
`` What They Died For '' is the 16th and penultimate episode of the American Broadcasting Company 's final season of the serial drama television series Lost and 119th and penultimate episode overall .
`` Daughter 's Hand '' is the third episode of Season 8 and 203rd episode overall of the American animated television series Beavis and Butt - head .
`` Death Has a Shadow '' is the pilot episode of the animated series Family Guy .
Neapolitan Mouse is a 1954 one - reel animated Tom and Jerry short directed by William Hanna and Joseph Barbera and produced by Fred Quimby with music by Scott Bradley .
`` Pride , Pomp and Circumstance '' is the sixth episode of the first season of the American television drama series Hell on Wheels , which aired on December 11 , 2011 on AMC .
`` Bart Star '' is the sixth episode of the ninth season of the animated television series The Simpsons , which originally aired on Fox in the United States on November 9 , 1997 .
Jandar of Callisto is a science fiction novel written by Lin Carter , the first in his Callisto series .
`` Medicinal Fried Chicken '' is the third episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television series South Park , and the 198th episode of the series overall .
`` The Parking Garage '' is the 23rd episode of the situation comedy Seinfeld .
`` Fur and Loathing '' is the fifth episode in the fourth season of the television series , CSI : Crime Scene Investigation .
The Remorseful Day is a crime novel by Colin Dexter , the last novel in the Inspector Morse series .
`` Five Characters in Search of an Exit '' is episode 79 of the television series The Twilight Zone .
Death in Silver is a Doc Savage pulp novel by Lester Dent writing under the house name Kenneth Robeson .
`` The Parent Rap '' is the second episode and official premiere of the thirteenth season of The Simpsons .
`` Reversals of Fortune '' is the 44th episode of the CW television series , Gossip Girl and the third season premiere .
`` Doctor Bashir , I Presume ? '' is the 114th episode of the syndicated American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the 16th episode of the fifth season .
The Daewoo Nubira is a compact car that was produced by South Korean automaker Daewoo from 1997 to 2002 as a sedan , hatchback , and wagon .
Framley Parsonage is the fourth novel in Anthony Trollope 's series known as the Chronicles of Barsetshire .
`` Tweek x Craig '' is the sixth episode of the nineteenth season and the 263rd overall episode of the animated television series South Park , written and directed by series co - creator Trey Parker .
`` The Problem of Thor Bridge '' is a Sherlock Holmes murder mystery by Arthur Conan Doyle in The Case - Book of Sherlock Holmes , first published in 1922 in The Strand Magazine .
`` The Exercise of Vital Powers '' is an episode from the fourth season of the science fiction television series Babylon 5 .
Bet on the Saint is the title of an unpublished novel by Fleming Lee ( credited to Leslie Charteris ) , featuring the character of criminal - turned - detective Simon Templar ( alias `` The Saint '' ) , created by Charteris in 1928 .
Second Foundation consists of two previously published novellas originally published in appearing in Astounding Magazine ( with different titles ) between 1948 and 1950 , making this the third volume in Asimov 's Foundation series .
`` Looking for par'Mach in All the Wrong Places '' is the third episode of the fifth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , originally airing on October 14 , 1995 in broadcast syndication .
`` The Dance of Dragons '' is the ninth episode in the fifth season of HBO 's fantasy television series Game of Thrones , and the 49th overall .
`` Girly Edition '' is the twenty - first episode of the ninth season of the animated television series The Simpsons .
The Dragon Reborn ( abbreviated as tDR by fans ) is the third book of American author Robert Jordan 's fantasy series The Wheel of Time .
`` Steve Burdick '' is an episode of the 1990 NBC television series Lifestories , an anthology drama that each week followed a new set of characters dealing with a medical issue .
`` The One with Monica and Chandler 's Wedding '' is a double length episode of the television sitcom Friends .
The Cybernauts is the third episode of the fourth series of the 1960s cult British spy - fi television series The Avengers , starring Patrick Macnee and Diana Rigg .
The Innocent Mage is the first book in the Kingmaker , Kingbreaker fantasy series written by Australian author Karen Miller .
Cyborg IV was published after Caidin 's original novel was adapted into a television series entitled The Six Million Dollar Man .
The Island of Frozen Seas is the second album of Thorgal , a European comic book series , written by a Belgian writer Jean Van Hamme and the Polish graphic artist Grzegorz Rosiński .
`` Good Crazy '' is the 22nd episode of the seventh season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother , and the 158th episode overall .
L.A. Confidential ( 1990 ) is neo - noir novel by James Ellroy , and the third of his L.A. Quartet series .
Robin Hood Daffy is a 1958 Warner Bros. Pictures , Inc theatrical cartoon comedy short , part of the Merrie Melodies series , directed by Chuck Jones and written by Michael Maltese .
`` A No - Rough - Stuff - Type Deal '' is the seventh episode and season finale of the first season of the American television drama series Breaking Bad .
`` Tales of a Third Grade Nothing '' is the sixth episode of the seventh season of Family Guy that aired on November 16 , 2008 and ended the first half of the season .
Robin Hoodwinked is a 1958 one reel animated Tom and Jerry short released after the MGM cartoon studio had effectively closed down .
Little Red Riding Rabbit is a 1944 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon , directed by Friz Freleng , and starring Bugs Bunny .
`` Wonder - ful '' is the twenty - first episode of the fourth season of the American musical television series Glee , and the eighty - seventh episode overall .
Dragon 's Fire is a science fiction novel novel by the American - Irish author Anne McCaffrey and her son Todd McCaffrey , Published in 2006 , it was the twentieth book in the Dragonriders of Pern series that she initiated in 1967 .
`` Asian Population Studies '' is the 12th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Community , and the 37th episode of the series overall .
`` Bart Stops to Smell the Roosevelts '' is the second episode of the twenty - third season of the animated comedy series The Simpsons .
Shroud for a Nightingale is a 1971 detective novel written by PD James in her Adam Dalgliesh series .
`` The Suite Life Goes Hollywood '' is an hour - long episode of The Suite Life of Zack & Cody .
`` The Opposite '' is the 86th episode of the NBC sitcom Seinfeld , which was also the 22nd episode of the fifth season .
The Nine Tailors is a 1934 mystery novel by British writer Dorothy L. Sayers , her ninth featuring sleuth Lord Peter Wimsey .
A Dark and Hungry God Arises ( or officially The Gap into Power : A Dark and Hungry God Arises ) is the third book of The Gap Cycle by Stephen R. Donaldson , a science fiction series .
`` Moms I 'd Like to Forget '' is the tenth episode of The Simpsons ' twenty - second season .
The Silver Spike is a spin - off novel from Glen Cook 's The Black Company .
Irish Gold is the first of the Nuala Anne McGrail series of mystery novels by Roman Catholic priest and author Father Andrew M. Greeley .
`` Kill Me Now '' is the third episode of the first season of the American comedy - drama series Gilmore Girls .
`` Rapture 's Delight '' is the ninth episode of the sixth season of American Dad!.
Le gorille a bonne mine , written and drawn by Franquin , is the eleventh album of the Spirou et Fantasio series .
Pape Mbaye ( born January 23 , 1994 ) is a Senegalese basketball player who currently plays in Spain for Palencia Baloncesto of the LEB Oro , after spending a few seasons at Real Madrid .
Sandro Bertaggia ( born 7 May 1964 ) is a former Swiss professional ice hockey defenceman who competed in ice hockey at the 1992 Winter Olympics as a member of the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team .
Cambridge Eagles Rugby League Club are a rugby league team representing the city of Cambridge , England .
OKK Spars Sarajevo is a Bosnian professional basketball team from Sarajevo .
Duško Ivanović ( Cyrillic : Душко Ивановић ; born September 1 , 1957 ) is a Montenegrin former professional basketball player and current head coach of Bosnia and Herzegovina national basketball team .
Luke Quigley ( born 20 July 1981 ) was an Australian rugby league reserve grade player who has previously played five seasons for the Newcastle Knights 2nd division team .
The Syed Modi International Badminton Championships is an international badminton tournament , which is held annually in India .
Vanja Babić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вања Бабић , born July 18 , 1981 ) is a Serbian taekwondo athlete .
Jamie Doornbosch ( born February 1 , 1990 ) is a Canadian ice hockey defenseman who played one game for the New York Islanders .
Harvey Grant ( born July 4 , 1965 ) is a retired American National Basketball Association basketball player .
Agustín Velotti ( born May 24 , 1992 in Larroque , Entre Ríos ) is an Argentine tennis player .
The 2011 CPISRA Football 7-a - side World Championships was the world championship for men 's national 7-a - side association football teams .
The Bossier - Shreveport Mudbugs were a professional ice hockey team which played in the Bossier City - Shreveport metropolitan area of Louisiana .
Chris Oti ( born in London on 16 June 1965 ) is a former English rugby union footballer .
Oriol Salvia ( born 29 March 1975 in Barcelona ) is a professional squash player from Spain .
The 2008 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship held to determine the national champions of Canada for the 2007 - -08 figure skating season .
Kony Ealy ( born December 21 , 1991 ) is an American football defensive end for the Carolina Panthers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The 2014 Barcelona Open Banc Sabadell ( also known as the Torneo Godó ) is a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
Dana Tyrell ( born April 23 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing under contract to the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Sokolsky Opening ( also known as the Orangutan or Polish ) is an uncommon chess opening that begins with the move : 1 .
The 2001 Eurocard Ladies German Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Rot - Weiss Tennis Club in Berlin in Germany and was part of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The Superliga Femenina de Voleibol ( SFM ) is the top level of women 's volleyball in Spain .
Simon Bodenmann ( born 2 March 1988 ) is a Swiss professional ice hockey Forward who is currently playing for the SC Bern of the National League A ( NLA ) .
Olympiaschanze was a ski jumping venue in St. Moritz , Switzerland , it was built in 1926 and closed in 2006 .
The 2006 Pavel Roman Memorial was the Pavel Roman Memorial competition for the 2006 - -2007 figure skating season .
Yury Toshev ( Bulgarian : Юрий Георгиев Тошев ) ( 24 December 1907 -- 19 April 1974 ) was a Bulgarian chess master .
The Moldovan National Division ( Romanian : Divizia Națională ) is the top division of association football in Moldova .
The 1985 CFL Draft composed of nine rounds where 81 Canadian football players were chosen from eligible Canadian universities and Canadian players playing in the NCAA .
The Race of Champions is an international motorsport event held at the end of each year , featuring some of the world 's best racing and rally drivers .
Michele Mignani ( born 30 April 1972 in Genoa ) is an Italian association football former player , who currently works as a youth coach of Siena .
Bohumil Modrý ( 24 September 1916 -- 21 July 1963 ) was a goalie for the Czechoslovakia men 's national ice hockey team which won the 1949 World Championship .
The Algarve Cup is a global invitational tournament for national teams in women 's association football hosted by the Portuguese Football Federation ( FPF ) .
Maxime Mermoz ( born 28 July 1986 ) is a French professional rugby union footballer currently playing for Toulon in the Top 14 .
Dalibor Doder ( Serbian Cyrillic : Далибор Додер ; born 24 May 1979 in Malmö ) is a Swedish handball player , who plays for the German club GWD Minden .
Eberhard Schöler ( born 22 December 1940 ) is a retired table tennis competitor from West Germany who won several medals at the world and European championships between 1962 and 1972 .
John Moir ( May 22 , 1915 -- November 15 , 1975 ) was a professional basketball player between 1938 and 1946 in the United States ' National Basketball League .
Desiree Glaubitz ( born 24 September 1979 in Traralgon ) is an Australian basketball player , captain of the Bulleen Boomers in the Women 's National Basketball League .
The 2005 Abierto Mexicano Telcel was both a men 's and women 's tennis tournament on the 2005 ATP and WTA Tours that was held in Acapulco , Mexico .
Jean - Marc Doussain ( born 12 February 1991 ) is a French rugby union fly half .
J. W. Walsh is an American football quarterback for the Oklahoma State Cowboys football team .
The Rotterdam Marathon , currently branded NN Rotterdam Marathon , is an annual marathon that has been held in Rotterdam , the Netherlands since 1981 .
Acrobatics is most often associated with activities that make extensive use of gymnastic elements , such as acro dance , circus , and gymnastics , but many other athletic activities -- such as ballet and diving -- may also employ acrobatics .
The Queensland Fire are the women 's representative cricket team for Queensland and they compete in the Women 's National Cricket League .
Ken André Olimb ( born January 21 , 1989 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player , currently playing for Düsseldorfer EG in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( German Ice Hockey League ) .
The New York Knights are a semi - professional rugby league football team based in New York City .
Jacob Mulee ( born 1968 ) is a Kenyan association football coach .
The 1981 FIBA European Championship , commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 1981 , was the 22nd FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship , held by FIBA Europe .
Patrik Martinec ( born September 4 , 1971 in Jilemnice , Czechoslovakia ) is a former professional ice hockey forward who played his last 5 seasons for Anyang Halla of the Asia League Ice Hockey , from South Korea .
Devereux Milburn ( September 19 , 1881 -- August 15 , 1942 ) was an American champion polo player in the early to mid twentieth century .
Gianni De Magistris ( born 3 December 1950 in Florence , Italy ) is a retired Italian water polo player .
Lorraine Eiler ( née MacGuire ) is a former Australian women 's basketball player .
The Istanbul Open ( also known as the TEB BNP Paribas Istanbul Open for sponsorship purposes ) is a men 's tennis event on the ATP Tour held in the Turkish city of Istanbul .
Belarus national football team ( Belarusian : Нацыянальная зборная Беларусi па футболе ; Nationalnaya zbornaya Belarusi pa Futbole ) represents Belarus in association football and is controlled by the Football Federation of Belarus , the governing body for football in Belarus .
María José Gaidano ( born 25 March 1973 ) is an Argentine tennis coach and former professional tennis player .
The Minnesota Whitecaps are a professional women 's ice hockey team .
Oldřich Machač ( 18 April 1946 -- 10 August 2011 ) was an ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga .
Darron Brittman ( born September 3 , 1962 ) is a former American basketball player who is best known as the first officially recognized NCAA Division I season steals leader in 1985 - -86 .
The 1977 European Aquatics Championships were held at the swimming complex Rosenlundsbadet in the southern Swedish city of Jönköping , from 14 August to 21 August .
Karl Hobbs ( born August 7 , 1961 ) is an American men 's college basketball coach , currently an assistant coach at the University of Connecticut .
Ivan Rieder ( born December 3 , 1976 in Thun , Canton of Bern ) is a retired Swiss Nordic combined skier who has been competing since 1999 .
The New York Buzz was a professional tennis team competing in World TeamTennis ( WTT ) .
The 1995 Legg Mason Tennis Classic is a men 's tennis tournament held in Washington , D.C. , USA that was part of the Championship Series of the 1995 ATP Tour .
Doug Nolan ( born January 5 , 1976 in Quincy , Massachusetts ) is an American former professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently on the collegiate coaching staff at Wentworth Institute of Technology .
Oliver Korn ( born June 10 , 1984 in Düsseldorf ) is a field hockey player from Germany .
Haije Kramer ( 24 November 1917 , Leeuwarden -- 11 July 2004 ) was a Dutch chess master and theoretician .
Ran Kunik ( Hebrew : רן קוניק‎ ; born July 20 , 1968 ) is an Israeli politician , former table tennis player and former chairman of the Israel Table Tennis Association .
Yvan Corbin ( born October 4 , 1972 in Kapuskasing , Ontario , Canada ) is a retired professional ice hockey forward who most recently played for Anchorage Aces of the WCHL in 2003 .
The 2010 ACC Trophy Elite was a cricket tournament in Kuwait , taking place between March 31 and April 9 , 2010 .
Tyson Gillies ( born October 31 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional baseball outfielder who is a free agent .
The 2003 Tournament of the Americas in basketball , now known as the FIBA Americas Championship ( or as well Las Americas Tournament for Men , FIBA Americas Olympic Qualifying Tournament , or Panamerican Olympic Qualifying Tournament for Men ) was hosted by Puerto Rico from August 20 to August 31 , 2003 .
Marcel Bernard (; May 18 , 1914 in La Madeleine , Nord -- April 29 , 1994 ) was a French tennis player .
Jordy Mont - Reynaud ( born August 16 , 1983 ) became the youngest ever chess master in the United States when he became a master at the age of 10 years 209 days in 1994 ( a record surpassed by Vinay Bhat , and presently held by Samuel Sevian ) .
Larry Hennessy ( May 20 , 1929 -- August 20 , 2008 ) was an American basketball player .
Olivier Carette ( born 31 December 1967 ) is a Belgian former association football and futsal player .
Amir Hadad ( in Hebrew עמיר חדד ) ( born February 17 , 1978 , in Lod , Israel ) is a retired professional tennis player .
Adja Konteh ( born March 5 , 1992 in Nantes , France ) is a French basketball player who plays for club Arras PA basket of League feminine de basket the top women 's basketball league in France .
An All - Pro is an American football player in the National Football League ( NFL ) voted as one of the best players of their position during a given season .
Ron Radliff ( born 1958 - 1959 ) is a former professional basketball player who played in the Australian National Basketball League between 1983 and 1992 .
The 2005 FIBA European Championship , commonly called FIBA EuroBasket 2005 , was the 34th FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship held by FIBA Europe , which also served as Europe qualifier for the 2006 FIBA World Championship , giving a berth to the top six teams in the final standings .
The WSU Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling tag team championship in Women Superstars Uncensored .
Will Sheehey ( born January 16 , 1992 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for SO Maritime Boulogne of the LNB Pro B. He played college basketball for Indiana University .
Yuri Dobryshkin born 19 July 1979 in Penza , Soviet Union ) is a professional ice hockey player currently playing for UHC Dynamo of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Wang Yimei ( Chinese : 王一梅 ; pinyin : Wáng Yīméi ; born 11 January 1988 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a Chinese volleyball player .
Alfred Tarnowski ( 3 March 1917 - 24 November 2003 ) was a Polish chess player who won the Polish Chess Championship in 1961 .
South Brisbane District Cricket Club is a cricket club on the South Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Kelly Schumacher ( born October 14 , 1977 ) is an American - born Canadian professional basketball player and professional volleyball player .
Cao Lei started weightlifting training at the age of 11 and attended Daging City sports school in 1997 when she was selected to Heilongjian province weightlifting team coached by Qixi Fu .
The Amateur Hockey Association of Canada ( AHAC ) was an amateur men 's ice hockey league founded in 1886 , in existence until 1898 .
Jarry Park Stadium was gradually converted into a tennis stadium , beginning in 1980 , with one corner of the court located at the old backstop .
Garrick Morgan ( born 25 January 1970 ) , is an Australian former rugby footballer , who played rugby union for the Australian team from 1992 to 1997 .
Rokometno Društvo Slovan Ljubljana , commonly referred to as RD Slovan or simply Slovan , is a team handball club from Ljubljana , Slovenia .
Team Hitec Products ( UCI Code : HPU ) is a professional women 's cycling team based in Norway that competes in elite road bicycle racing events .
Fairfield - Liverpool Grade Cricket Club is a cricket club on in Fairfield , New South Wales and Liverpool , New South Wales Australia .
Chayut Triyachart is a Thai - born Singaporean badminton player .
Daniel Bowden ( born 1 April 1986 ) is a New Zealand rugby union player , currently playing for Bath in the Aviva Premiership .
Nate Myles ( born 24 June 1985 ) is an Australian professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Manly Warringah Sea Eagles in the National Rugby League .
The 1997 Chase Championships was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at Madison Square Garden in New York City , New York in the United States .
The 1968 German Open Championships was a combined men 's and women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts .
The CEV Cup is the second top official competition for women 's volleyball clubs of Europe and takes place every year .
Curtis Kelly ( born April 11 , 1988 ) is an American professional basketball player that currently plays for Mondi Melikşah Üniversitesi of the Turkish Basketball Second League .
The Volleyball Hall of Fame was founded to honor extraordinary players , coaches , officials , and leaders who have made significant contributions to the game of volleyball .
Bradley Clyde ( born 27 January 1970 ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s , 90s and 2000s who , at the peak of his playing career was widely acknowledged as the best lock forward in the game .
Tony Vidgren is a Finnish ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for STS Sanok of the Polska Hokej Liga , the top level of ice hockey in Poland .
The Escalada a Montjuïc ( in Catalan , English : Scaling of Montjuïc , Spanish : Escalada a Montjuic ) was a one - day , two - stage road bicycle racing race held in Barcelona , Catalonia , Spain since 1965 .
The 1997 ANZ Tasmanian International was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hobart International Tennis Centre in Hobart in Australia that was part of Tier IV of the 1997 WTA Tour .
José Antonio Casanova ( February 18 , 1918 -- July 8 , 1999 ) was a shortstop and manager in Venezuelan baseball .
Downpatrick Racecourse , located one mile from the town of Downpatrick in County Down , is one of the two horse racing courses in Northern Ireland , the other being Down Royal .
Stefan Popovski - Turanjanin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Стефан Поповски-Турањанин ; born March 7 , 1993 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for CAB Madeira in the LPB .
Zhang Xiaoling , or Zhang Xiao , born 20 July 1957 in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region , is a Chinese competitive table tennis player .
The Alps Tour is a developmental professional golf tour for men which is sanctioned by the national golf associations of France , Italy , Austria , Switzerland and Morocco .
Two first - class cricket matches billed as `` Smokers v Non - Smokers '' were played during the 1880s .
The Course de la Solidarité Olympique ( Polish : Wyścig Solidarności i Olimpijczyków ; English : Race of Solidarity and Olympics ) is a road bicycle racing stage race held annually in Poland .
The Swiss Rugby Federation ( French : Fédération Suisse de Rugby Italian : Federazione Svizzera di Rugby German : Schweizerischer Rugby Verband ) ) is the governing body for rugby union in Switzerland .
The 2011 Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Championships were the Chinese Taipei Figure Skating Championships of the 2010 - 2011 figure skating season .
New Zealand Hockey Federation Incorporated , also known as Hockey New Zealand , is the governing body overseeing , promoting and managing the sport of field hockey in New Zealand .
The South African Rugby Board was the rugby union governing body of white South Africans between 1889 and 1992 .
Northamptonshire County Cricket Club in 2005 are playing their cricket in Division Two of the County Championship and Division One of the totesport League .
Copa de la Reina de Voleibol is the second most important competition of female volleyball in Spain .
Akari Oumi ( 近江 あかり , Oumi Akari , born 10 November 1989 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for NEC Red Rockets .
The Brooklyn Nets are an American professional basketball team based in New York City .
Terry Phelps ( born December 18 , 1966 in Larchmont , New York ) is a former professional women 's tennis player who is best known for reaching the quarterfinals of the French Open in 1985 .
The CCCF Championship was an association football ( soccer ) tournament made for teams in the area of Central America and the Caribbean between the years of 1941 and 1961 .
Michael Adrian Kempe ( born September 13 , 1996 ) is a Swedish professional ice hockey Right Wing .
Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski , for sponsorships reasons named BM Slam Ostrów Wielkopolski , is a Polish basketball team , based in Ostrów Wielkopolski .
Charlotte Bonin was the national duathlon champion of the year 2006 , the national triathlon silver medalist of the years 2007 and 2010 , and the triathlon gold medalist of the year 2008 .
Đorđe Kaplanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ђорђе Каплановић , born March 21 , 1995 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player , currently playing with Asseco Gdynia .
15/Love is a Canadian television series that revolves around the lives of aspiring young tennis players at the Cascadia Tennis Academy .
Brett Lee ( born 8 November 1976 ) is a former Australian international cricketer , a Channel Nine cricket commentator and an actor .
John Smoltz was an All - State baseball and basketball player at Waverly High School in Lansing , Michigan before the Detroit Tigers selected him in the 22nd round of the 1985 amateur draft .
Tony Gervaise ( born 10 May 1955 in Paisley ) is a Scottish association football former player turned women 's football coach .
Sandy MacKenzie ( sometimes spelled McKenzie ) ( born 27 July 1973 ) is a former ice hockey player .
Bohuslav Šťastný ( born April 23 , 1949 in Chotěboř , Czechoslovakia , now Czech Republic ) is a retired professional ice hockey player who played in the Czechoslovak Extraliga .
The 1974 Davis Cup was the 63rd edition of the most important tournament between national teams in men 's tennis .
Michael Cichy ( born July 8 , 1990 in New Hartford , Connecticut ) is an American professional ice hockey player who is currently playing on Ciarko PBS Bank STS Sanok in the Polska Hokej Liga ( PHL ) , the top - level ice hockey league in Poland .
Vladimir García Escalante ( born July 4 , 1982 ) is a Cuban baseball player .
The 1977 Virginia Slims Championships were the sixth season - ending WTA Tour Championships , the annual tennis tournament for the best female tennis players in singles on the 1977 WTA Tour .
Gabriela Guimarães ( born 19 May 1994 ) is a Brazilian indoor volleyball player .
Kristien Shaw , also known as Kristien Shaw - Kemmer or Kristien Kemmer ( born July 25 , 1952 ) is an American former professional tennis player .
Craig Gilroy ( born 11 March 1991 ) from Belfast is an Irish rugby union player .
The 2014 UEC European Track Championships was the fifth edition of the elite UEC European Track Championships in track cycling and took place at the Vélodrome Amédée Détraux in Baie - Mahault , Guadeloupe , France , between 16 and 19 October .
The Bridgeport Sound Tigers are a professional ice hockey team playing in the American Hockey League .
Located in Gullane , East Lothian , Scotland , overlooking the Firth of Forth , Muirfield is one of the golf courses used in rotation for The Open Championship .
Bart Aernouts ( born 23 June 1982 in Essen , Belgium ) is a professional cyclist who competes mainly in cyclo - cross races .
The 2013 Aircel Chennai Open was a 2013 ATP World Tour tennis tournament , played on outdoor hard courts .
Zhang Yongjun ( simplified Chinese : 张勇军 ; traditional Chinese : 張勇軍 ; born 4 January 1963 in Huangshi , Hubei ) is a Chinese basketball coach and former international player who competed in the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympic Games for China .
Curtis Blair ( born September 24 , 1970 in Roanoke , Virginia ) is a retired American professional basketball player and current referee in the NBA .
The 1974 Pacific Coast Open , also known by its sponsored name Fireman 's Fund International , was a men 's tennis tournament that was part of the Grade AA category of the 1974 Grand Prix circuit .
The Euro Cup ( formerly known as the EU Cup ) is an international Australian rules football tournament played between European national teams .
John Fritsche Jr. ( born September 3 , 1991 ) is a Swiss - American professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for Fribourg - Gottéron in the Swiss National League A.
Gazi Tank Cricketers are a team that played List A cricket in the Dhaka Premier Division in Bangladesh .
The Idaho Falls Chukars are a professional baseball club based in Idaho Falls , Idaho .
Gary Nova ( born April 27 , 1993 ) is an American football quarterback currently a free agent .
The 1998 Thalgo Australian Women 's Hardcourts was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Hope Island Resort Tennis Centre in Hope Island , Queensland in Australia that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour .
The ATP Buenos Aires ( Spanish Abierto de Buenos Aires ) is an annual tennis event for male tennis players held in Buenos Aires , Argentina .
Wayne Yearwood ( born September 22 , 1964 ) is a former professional and Olympic basketball player from Canada , who was with the Canadian national team .
Dean Paulo Villegas Hubalde ( born January 24 , 1981 in Quezon City ) , better known as Paolo Hubalde or Paulo Hubalde , is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Mahindra Enforcer of the Philippine Basketball Association .
Alberto Luiz de Souza or simply Alberto ( born April 27 , 1975 in Campo Grande ) is a Brazilian association football striker .
Reading Hockey Club is a field hockey club based at Sonning Lane in the English town of Reading .
Peter Neururer ( born 26 April 1955 ) is a German association football manager notable for coaching a number of Bundesliga clubs .
Köpings IS , KIS is a sports club in Köping , Sweden , mostly active with playing bandy .
The Wendy 's 3-Tour Challenge was an unofficial golf event held in November at the Rio Secco Golf Club in Henderson , Nevada .
Leicester Racecourse is a horse - racing course in Oadby , Leicestershire , England .
Jim Cordle ( born August 22 , 1987 in Lancaster , Ohio ) is a former American football center that played in the National Football League .
Manu Ahotaeiloa ( born 12 January 1986 ) is a Tongan rugby union player who currently plays for Agen in the Top 14 competition .
The 1981 Davis Cup ( also known as the 1981 Davis Cup by NEC for sponsorship purposes ) was the 70th edition of the tournament between national teams in men 's tennis .
The 2016 World Rugby Under 20 Championship will be the ninth annual international rugby union competition for Under 20 national teams .
Thisara Perera started his cricket career as a teenager at St. Anthony 's College , Wattala .
Édouard Ponsinet ( 1923 in Carcassonne , France -- October 22 , 2006 in Carcassonne , France ) was a French rugby league player for AS Carcassonne and club Lézignan in the French rugby league championship competition .
The IWRG Intercontinental Middleweight Championship ( Campeonato Intercontinental de Peso Medio IWRGL in Spanish ) is a professional wrestling championship promoted by the Mexican wrestling promotion International Wrestling Revolution Group ( IWRG ) .
Dan Crawford ( born November 23 , 1953 in Chicago , Illinois ) is a professional basketball referee in the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) since the 1984 - -85 NBA season .
The Edinburgh Academical Football Club , also known as Edinburgh Accies or Edinburgh Acads , is a rugby union football club in Edinburgh , Scotland .
Terrmel Sledge ( born March 18 , 1977 in Fayetteville , North Carolina ) is a retired American professional baseball outfielder .
Cass Bauer - Bilodeau ( born Cassandra Sue Bauer on June 27 , 1972 ) is a retired American collegiate and professional basketball player .
The Seattle Totems were a professional ice hockey franchise in Seattle , Washington .
The 1995 SANFL season was the 115th season of the highest level Australian rules football competition in South Australia .
The France national under-20 football team represents France in association football at this age level and is controlled by the French Football Federation .
Michael Joiner ( born October 28 , 1981 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Austin Toros in the NBA D - League .
Shin Dong - pa ( Hangul : 신동파 ; born September 2 , 1944 South Korea ) is a retired South Korean basketball player .
The Southern Football Netball League is an Australian rules football league , based in the south and south eastern suburbs of Melbourne , Victoria , for both seniors and juniors .
Dylan Hunter ( born May 21 , 1985 in Quebec City , Quebec ) is a retired ice hockey player , who is a former captain of the London Knights of the OHL and is now currently an assistant coach for the London Knights .
Batley Bulldogs RLFC are an English professional rugby league club from Batley , West Yorkshire .
The New England Intensity is an American football team in the Independent Women 's Football League based in Norfolk County , Massachusetts .
The Russian Women 's Basketball Premier League is the premier women 's basketball competition in Russia .
Rugby union match officials are responsible for enforcing the rugby union laws of the game during a match and imposing sanctions on individuals who do not follow the rules .
Clément Jodoin ( born January 10 , 1952 ) is a retired ice hockey player , former head coach of the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League , and current assistant coach of the Montréal Canadiens , having previously been the head coach of the Rimouski Océanic of the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League .
Coralie Lassource ( born 1 September 1992 ) is a French handball player .
Ben Broster ( born 7 May 1982 in London , England ) is an English - born Welsh international rugby union footballer .
The 2010 Sony Ericsson Open ( also known as the 2010 Miami Masters ) , was a tennis tournament for men and women held from March 22 to April 4 , 2010 .
The 2008 Nottingham Open ( also known as the Slazenger Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts .
Hans Alsér ( 23 January 1942 -- 15 January 1977 ) was a Swedish table tennis player and later the head coach of West German ( 1971 - -1974 ) and Swedish ( 1974 - -1977 ) national teams .
Brighton Racecourse is an English horse racing venue located a mile to the northeast of the centre of Brighton , Sussex owned by the Arena Racing Company .
Robert Michael Aubrey ( born April 15 , 1982 ) is a former American baseball player .
Elektrėnai Ice Palace ( Lithuanian : Elektrėnų ledo rūmai ) is an indoor ice hockey arena in Elektrėnai , Lithuania .
Balapuwaduge Ajantha Winslo Mendis ( born 11 March 1985 in Moratuwa ) known as Ajantha Mendis is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer who plays for ODIs , Tests and T20Is for Sri Lankan national cricket team .
Daniel Faleafa ( born 13 February 1989 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby union player for the Northland Rugby Union in the ITM Cup competition .
Joaquín Rojas ( born 6 July 1938 ) is a Filipino former basketball player in the MICAA .
Wei Qingguang ( Chinese : 韦晴光 ; born July 2 , 1962 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
Yao Fen ( Chinese : 姚 芬 ; born January 2 , 1967 ) is a Chinese former international level women 's badminton player .
Ginger Helgeson - Nielsen ( born September 14 , 1968 ) is a former American women 's professional tennis player , who is considered to be perhaps the greatest player to ever come out of Minnesota .
Adam Baworowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈadam bavɔˈrɔfskʲi ) ; born 9 August 1913 in Vienna -- 1943 in Stalingrad ) was an Austrian - Polish tennis player .
Stacey Dales ( born September 5 , 1979 ) is a former Canadian basketball player and a current host on the NFL Network .
Podhale Nowy Targ is a Polish ice hockey club based in Nowy Targ , Poland .
Andreas Hurschler ( born September 14 , 1977 ) is a retired Swiss Nordic combined skier who has competed internationally since 1995 .
Andrei Stoliarov ( Russian : Андрей Юрьевич Столяров , born 9 January 1977 ) is a Russian professional tennis player and a former member of the Russia Davis Cup team .
Pan Li - chun ( Chinese : 潘麗春 ; pinyin : Pān Lìchūn ; born February 26 , 1982 in Kaohsiung ) is a Taiwanese table tennis player .
Hurstbridge Football Club is an Australian rules football club located 34 km north east of Melbourne in the township of Hurstbridge .
The 2010 Guangzhou International Women 's Open ( also known as the Landsky Lighting Guangzhou International Women 's Open for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament on outdoor hard courts .
The Durham Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played three times from 1944 to 1945 .
Philipp Stamma ( c. 1705 -- c. 1755 ) , a native of Aleppo , Ottoman Syria , later resident of England and France , was a chess master and a pioneer of modern chess .
The 1996 Marbella Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Marbella in Spain and was part of the World Series of the 1996 ATP Tour .
Felix du Plessis was a former South African rugby union player and captain of the Springbok team that in 1949 beat the All Blacks thrice in succession , a feat that was not repeated by a South African side until 2009 .
The 2007 Women 's European Volleyball Championship was the 25th edition of the event , organised by Europe 's governing volleyball body , the Confédération Européenne de Volleyball .
Hockey Club Lugano , often abbreviated to HC Lugano or HCL , is a professional ice hockey club based in Lugano , Switzerland .
Herb Magee ( born June 20 , 1941 ) , commonly referred to as the Shot Doctor , is a Division II men 's college basketball coach at his alma mater , Philadelphia University , known as Philadelphia College of Textiles & Science until 1999 .
Slavko Ćulibrk ( Serbian Cyrillic : Славко Ћулибрк ; born 21 March 1984 in Kikinda , Serbia ) is a professional association football player , who plays for FK Zemun .
The 2008 Kazakhstan Hockey Cup was the 7th edition of the national ice hockey cup competition in Kazakhstan .
Duane Ferrell ( born February 28 , 1965 ) is retired American professional basketball player .
The 2012 Hawaiian Islands Invitational was an inter - confederation association football tournament contested in February , 2012 at Aloha Stadium , Hawaii between 4 different clubs from the United States , Japan , South Korea , and Australia .
AZS PWSZ Gorzów Wielkopolski is a Polish women 's basketball team , based in Gorzow Wielkopolski , playing in the Polska Liga Koszykówki Kobiet .
The 2010 BGL Luxembourg Open was a women 's tennis tournament on indoor hard courts .
The Victoria Lions were an amateur Australian rules football club based in Canada and are members of the North West Pacific Australian Football League .
Amir Sedighi ( Persian : امیر صدیقی ‎‎ , born July 16 , 1993 ) is an Iranian professional basketball player .
Agnieszka Brustman ( born 31 July 1962 , Warsaw ) is a Polish chess master .
The 2010 ACC Trophy Challenge was a cricket tournament in Thailand , taking place between 4 - -11 December 2010 .
Tseng Chih - chen ( simplified Chinese : 曾智侦 ; traditional Chinese : 曾智偵 ; pinyin : Céng Zhìzhēn ; b. March 10 , 1959 in Chiayi County , Taiwan ) is a retired Taiwanese professional baseball player and coach .
Daniel Levavasseur ( born 1 January 1948 ) is a French fencing master specialized in épée .
A Gyōji ( 行司 ) is a referee in professional sumo wrestling in Japan .
Newsome Panthers ARLFC is an amateur rugby league club based in Newsome , Huddersfield .
Jens Schoor ( born 27 April 1987 in Koblenz ) is a professional squash player who represents Germany .
The 4th Chess Olympiad , organized by the Fédération Internationale des Échecs ( FIDE ) and comprising an open and ( unofficial ) women 's tournament , as well as several events designed to promote the game of chess , took place between July 11 and July 26 , 1931 , in Prague , Czechoslovakia .
Gerard Gallant ( born September 2 , 1963 ) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former NHL player .
The 2011 Men 's Hockey Champions Challenge I was the sixth tournament of the Hockey Champions Challenge field hockey championship for men .
FC Krasnodar-2000 ( Russian : ФК `` Краснодар-2000 '' ) was a Russian association football club from Krasnodar , founded in 2000 and dissolved in 2011 .
The Belfast Giants are an ice hockey team from Belfast , Northern Ireland that compete in the Elite Ice Hockey League .
Lamont Barnes ( born September 4 , 1978 ) is an American professional basketball player who plays for Quesos Cerrato Palencia of the Spanish LEB Oro league .
The 2015 Estonian Figure Skating Championships ( Estonian : Eesti Meistrivõistlused 2015 ) were the Estonian Figure Skating Championships of the 2014 - 2015 figure skating season .
Clarisa Fernández ( born 28 August 1981 ) is a retired Argentine tennis player who is best known for her semi - final appearance at the 2002 French Open , the first Argentine since Sabatini in 1992 to reach that stage .
Sopio Tkeshelashvili ( also spelled Tqeshelashvili ; born 23 October 1979 ) is a Georgian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster .
Stefano Bordon ( born 2 February 1968 , in Rovigo ) is a former Italian rugby union player and a current coach .
Delft Dragons are an American football team based in Delft , the Netherlands .
Adam Henrich ( born January 19 , 1984 in Thornhill , Ontario , Canada ) is a professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for Coventry Blaze of the Elite Ice Hockey League .
The Saskatoon Quakers were an ice hockey team that was based in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan , Canada .
Eric Manuel ( born December 21 , 1968 ) is an American former college basketball player .
The Northern Ireland Football League Charity Shield is the national association football super cup in Northern Ireland .
Antonio Meeking ( born August 24 , 1981 ) is an American professional basketball player , currently a free agent .
The 2013 Yorkshire Bank 40 tournament was the fourth and final season of the ECB 40 limited overs cricket competition for the English and Welsh first - class counties , plus Scotland , the Netherlands , and the Unicorns , a team of players who did not have first - class contracts .
The 2008 Singapore Super Series was the fifth tournament of 2008 BWF Super Series badminton tournament .
Simon Best ( born 11 February 1978 ) is a former rugby union footballer .
Tony Meier ( born June 3 , 1990 ) is an American basketball player currently playing for Apollon Patras
The UWA World Women 's Championship ( Campeonato Mundial Feminil de UWA in Spanish ) was a singles professional wrestling women 's championship promoted by the Mexican Lucha Libre wrestling based promotion Universal Wrestling Association ( UWA ) from 1975 until the UWA closed in 1995 and since then defended on the Mexican independent circuit .
Henri Rajala ( born 26 September 1988 ) is a Finnish former volleyball player .
Empire Cricket Club is a cricket club in Barbados .
Subbuteo is a group of table top games simulating team sports such as association football , cricket , both codes of rugby and hockey .
In contrast to Tiger Stadium , which had long been considered one of the most hitter - friendly parks in baseball , Comerica Park is considered to be extremely friendly to pitchers .
Salme Rootare ( March 26 , 1913 -- October 21 , 1987 ) was an Estonian chess master .
Brandon Sutter ( born February 14 , 1989 ) is a Canadian - American professional ice hockey player for the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
JYP - Akatemia is an ice hockey team from Jyväskylä , Finland , playing in the Mestis league .
Alfredo Hubalde ( born September 14 , 1953 ) , also known as Freddie Hubalde , is a retired Filipino professional basketball player in the PBA .
The 1992 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at Flinders Park in Melbourne , Australia and was held from 13 through 26 January 1992 .
Marckell Patterson ( born 1979 , Eupora , Mississippi ) is an American professional basketball player .
Domantas Sabonis ( born May 3 , 1996 ) is a Lithuanian basketball player who currently plays college basketball for Gonzaga University .
SK Austria Kärnten was an Austrian association football club , from Klagenfurt , Carinthia .
Florin Gheorghiu ( born 6 April 1944 ) is a Romanian chess player and university lecturer in foreign languages .
Roberto Cifuentes Parada ( born 21 December 1957 , Santiago , Chile ) is a Chilean chess master .
Paolo Tagliavento ( born 19 September 1972 in Terni ) is an Italian association football referee who currently officiates in the Serie A as well as UEFA competitions such as the European Champions League and the Europa League .
The WWP World Cruiserweight Championship is a professional wrestling championship in the South African Professional wrestling promotion World Wrestling Professionals , contested exclusively among Cruiserweight ( < 100 kg ( 220 lb ) ) wrestlers .
The Open de Guadeloupe ( formerly known as Orange Open Guadeloupe ) is a tennis tournament held in Le Gosier , Guadeloupe since 2011 .
Yekaterina Pashkevich ( born December 19 , 1972 in Moscow , Russian SSR , Soviet Union ) is a Russian ice hockey forward .
The 2008 Fortis Championships Luxembourg was a tennis tournament on indoor hard courts .
Yevgen Murzin ( born September 24 , 1965 ) is a Ukrainian basketball coach for the Ukrainian national team , where he coached them at the EuroBasket 2015 .
Honda Heat is a Japanese rugby union team based in Suzuka City , Mie Prefecture , Japan .
Eric Norwood ( born May 24 , 1988 ) is an American football defensive end who is currently a member of the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Marista Rugby Club is a rugby union and field hockey club based in Mendoza , Argentina .
The 1990 Dow Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts that was part of Tier IV of the 1990 WTA Tour .
Rajko Toroman ( born February 10 , 1955 ) is a Serbian professional basketball coach who , as of 2014 , is head coach of the Jordanian national basketball team .
Hillsborough Hawks RLFC is a rugby league club based in Sheffield , South Yorkshire , England .
The 2005 Holland Series was a series of baseball games held from September 24 , 2005 to October 1 , 2005 between the two Dutch play - off winners DOOR Neptunus and Mr. Cocker HCAW .
David Codey ( born 7 July 1957 ) is an Australian former state and national representative rugby union player who made 13 Test match appearances for Wallabies between 1983 and 1987 .
The Pepsi Championship , also known as the Pepsi - Boys Club Open , was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played at Pine Hollow Country Club in East Norwich , New York for a single year -- 1958 .
The 1985 Virginia Slims of California was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Oakland , California in the United States .
Matan Naor ( Hebrew : מתן נאור‎ ; born 3 November 1980 ) is an Israeli basketball player who currently plays for Hapoel Tel Aviv .
Anete Jēkabsone - Žogota ( born August 12 , 1983 in Riga ) is a Latvian basketball player who plays for UMMC Ekaterinburg and formally for the WNBA 's Phoenix Mercury .
Jean - Claude Barclay ( born 30 December 1942 ) is a former French international tennis player .
Yuka Sakurai ( 櫻井由香 Sakurai Yuka , born September 2 , 1974 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Denso Airybees .
Mario Fannin , Jr. ( born December 4 , 1987 ) is an American football running back for the Brooklyn Bolts of the Fall Experimental Football League ( FXFL ) .
The 2001 State Farm Women 's Tennis Classic was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Scottsdale , Arizona in the United States and was part of Tier II of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 1990 SANFL Grand Final was an Australian rules football game contested between the Port Adelaide Football Club and the Glenelg Football Club , held at Football Park on Sunday 7 October 1990 .
The Rapid City Rush are a professional ice hockey team in the ECHL which are currently affiliated with the National Hockey League 's Arizona Coyotes and the American Hockey League 's Springfield Falcons .
Aurora Pro Patria 1919 ( commonly referred to as Pro Patria ) is an Italian association football club , based in Busto Arsizio , Lombardy .
Baseball Talk was a set of 164 `` talking '' baseball cards that were released by Topps Baseball Card Company and the LJN Corporation during the spring of 1989 .
Martin Gould ( born 14 September 1981 ) is an English professional snooker player from Pinner in the London Borough of Harrow .
Matt Case ( born February 16 , 1986 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman .
Al Vergara ( born December 20 , 1979 ) is a Filipino professional basketball player in the Asean Basketball League who plays for the Singapore Slingers .
LOSC Lille ( Lille Olympique Sporting Club , French pronunciation : ​(lil ɔlɛ̃pik ) ; commonly referred to as Le LOSC , Lille OSC or simply Lille ) is a French association football club based in Lille .
Mattias Gustafsson ( born July 11 , 1978 ) is a Swedish handball player , currently playing for Danish Handball League side FCK Håndbold , with whom he won the Danish Championship in 2008 .
Nathalie Lancien ( born March 7 , 1970 ) is a French racing cyclist and olympic champion in track cycling .
Ferring F.C. is an English association football club based in Ferring , near to Worthing , England .
Kristi Harrower ( born 4 March 1975 in Bendigo , Victoria ) is an Australian professional basketball player , who three times ( 2000 , 2004 and 2008 ) won the silver medal with the Australian Women 's Team at the Summer Olympics , and also the bronze in 2012 .
Trikala 2000 B.C. ( alternate spelling : Trikalla ) , full name , Athlitikos Syllogos Trikala 2000 Basketball Club , was a Greek professional basketball club located in Trikala , Greece .
Henrik Björklund ( born September 22 , 1990 in Karlstad , Sweden ) is a Swedish ice hockey forward .
Du Pengyu ( born January 22 , 1988 in Baoding , Hebei ) is a badminton player from China .
Lloyd Johansson ( born 5 February 1985 ) is an Australian rugby union player of Tongan and Swedish descent .
Eriel Sánchez León ( born April 12 , 1975 in Fomento , Sancti Spíritus Province , Cuba ) is an offensive baseball catcher for Sancti Spíritus of the Cuban National Series .
Ramon Harewood ( born 3 February 1987 ) is a Barbadian American football offensive tackle who is currently a free agent .
Hockey Club Avangard ( Russian : ХК Авангард , Vanguard ) , a.k.a . Avangard Omsk Region , are a Russian professional ice hockey team from Siberia , based in the city of Omsk .
The Straubing Tigers are a professional men 's ice hockey team , based in Straubing , Germany , which plays in the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Eyal Ran ( born November 21 , 1972 , in Qiryat Ono , Israel ) is a professional Israeli tennis player and Captain of the Israeli Davis Cup team .
Petco Park is a baseball park located in downtown San Diego , California .
Trent Kaese ( born September 9 , 1967 in Nanaimo , British Columbia ) is a former professional ice hockey right wing .
Formally of Uzbekistan Dilshod Mahmudov now based at BHS boxing gym in Blacktown , where he calls home .
The 1998 SEAT Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Luxembourg City in Luxembourg that was part of Tier III of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Hana Mandlíková ( born 19 February 1962 ) is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia who later obtained Australian citizenship .
Lance Lewis ( born November 1 , 1988 ) is an American football wide receiver that is currently a free agent .
The 2008 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships ( Hungarian : Senior Országos Bajnokság 2008 ) were the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2007 - 2008 figure skating season .
Chris Low ( born June 2 , 1976 in Foxwarren , Manitoba ) is a former professional ice hockey player .
The 1995 ATP St. Pölten , also known as OTV Raiffeisen Grand Prix for sponsorship reasons , is a men 's tennis tournament played in St. Poelten , Austria on outdoor clay courts .
The 2008 Open Gaz de France is the 2008 Tier II WTA Tour tournament of the annually - held Open Gaz de France tennis tournament .
The 2012 ATP World Tour is the global elite professional tennis circuit organized by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) for the 2012 tennis season .
Ben Westwood ( born 25 July 1981 ) is an English professional rugby league footballer for Warrington of Europe 's Super League .
Paul Gait ( born April 5 , 1967 ) is widely regarded as one of the best lacrosse players of all time and is the current Vice President of the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League .
SV Röchling Völklingen is a German association football club that plays in Völklingen , part of the greater Saarbrücken , Saarland .
Juuse Saros ( born 19 April 1995 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey Goaltender .
Theodoros Baev also written as Zlatkov Bayev and Tontor - Zlatko Baev ( May 31 , 1977 in Nova Zagora , Bulgaria ) is a Greek volleyball player , currently playing for Panathinaikos of Athens .
The German Tennis Federation ( German : Deutsche Tennis Bund , short form : DTB ) is the governing body of tennis federations and clubs in Germany .
Hokejski Klub Celje ( English : Celje Hockey Club ) , commonly referred to as HK Celje or simply Celje , is an ice hockey club from Celje , Slovenia .
Burak Yacan Yüksel ( born 9 March 1992 , Turkey ) is a Turkish basketball player .
The IHF World Player of the Year is a handball award given annually to the player who is considered to have performed the best in the previous season , both at club and internacional competitions .
Freeride is a discipline of mountain biking closely related to downhill biking and dirt jumping focused on tricks , style , and technical trail features .
Rashad Greene ( born September 23 , 1992 in Albany , Georgia ) is an American football wide receiver for the Jacksonville Jaguars .
The Huntsville Blast was a minor league professional ice hockey team and member of the East Coast Hockey League ( ECHL ) .
John Brass ( born 1946 , Sydney ) is an Australian former rugby union and rugby league footballer - a dual - code international .
F.C. Nacional is a futsal club based in Zagreb , Croatia .
Austrian Basketball Federation ( German : Österreichischer Basketballverband ) , also known as ÖBV , is a national governing body of basketball in Austria .
Monika Bociek ( born 6 April 1996 ) is a Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team U23 and Polish club LTS Legionovia Legionowo
Zhang Jike ( simplified Chinese : 张继科 ; traditional Chinese : 張繼科 ; pinyin : Zhāng Jìkē ; born 16 February 1988 ) is a Chinese table tennis player .
The 1960 Pre - Olympic Basketball Tournament was the final qualifying tournament for basketball at the 1960 Summer Olympics at Rome , and was held at the Palazzo dello Sport in Bologna on August 13 - -20 .
The Hungary national under-17 football team represents Hungary in association football at under-17 age level and is controlled by the Hungarian Football Association , the governing body for football in Hungary .
The Irving Tennis Classic ( previously held as Dallas Tennis Classic ) is a tennis tournament held in Irving , Texas , United States since 2012 .
The Batemans Bay Tigers ( or sometimes simplified to Bay Tigers ) are an Australian rugby league football team based in Batemans Bay , a coastal town of the South Coast region .
The Faroe Islands national football team ( Faroese : Føroyska fótbóltsmanslandsliðið , Danish : Færøernes fodboldlandshold ) represents the Faroe Islands in association football and is controlled by the Faroe Islands Football Association .
