The Book about Moomin , Mymble and Little My was the first Moomin picture book by Finnish author Tove Jansson , published in 1952 in Swedish .
What a Woman Dreams of in Springtime ( German : Was eine Frau i m Frühling träumt ) is a 1929 German silent comedy film directed by Curt Blachnitzky and starring Paul Rehkopf , Anna Müller - Lincke and Colette Brettel .
Vortice ( i.e. `` Vortex '' ) is a 1953 Italian melodrama film directed by Raffaello Matarazzo and starring Massimo Girotti and Silvana Pampanini .
The Mommy Returns tells the story of a mother , Ruby ( Pokwang ) , who dies right on the day of her 25th wedding anniversary with husband , William ( Gabby Concepcion ) .
Where the Forest Ends is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney .
The Trail Rider is a 1925 American silent directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Buck Jones .
Toni Garrido stars as Orfeu , Patrícia França as Eurídice and Murilo Benício as Lucinho .
Goddess Remembered features Merlin Stone , Carol Christ , Luisah Teish , Starhawk , Charlene Spretnak , and Jean Bolen , who link the loss of goddess - centred societies with today 's environmental crisis .
Children of No Importance or The Illegitimate ( German : Die Unehelichen ) is a 1926 German silent drama film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Bernhard Goetzke , Margarete Kupfer and Elsa Wagner .
In the City Without Limits ( Spanish : En la ciudad sin límites ) is a 2002 Spanish - Argentine thriller drama film directed by Antonio Hernández and starring Leonardo Sbaraglia , Fernando Fernán Gómez and Geraldine Chaplin .
Ty Hardin as Jeff Donovan Lincoln Tate as Holy Water Joe Richard Harrison as Charlie Bennett Giulio Baraghini as Jim ( credited as Lee Banner ) Silvia Monelli as Estella Tuccio Musumeci as The Sicilian Pietro Ceccarelli as Sgt . Butch Dante Maggio as The Banker Mario Novelli as Donovan Henchman
The Hi - Lo Country is a 1998 American Western - drama film directed by Stephen Frears , starring Billy Crudup , Penélope Cruz , Woody Harrelson , Cole Hauser , Sam Elliott , Patricia Arquette , Enrique Castillo , and Katy Jurado .
Brick Mansions is a 2014 English - language French - Canadian crime - thriller film starring Paul Walker , David Belle and RZA .
The Things My Father Never Taught Me is a 2012 short comedy film written and directed by Burleigh Smith .
Schubert 's Dream of Spring ( German : Schuberts Frühlingstraum ) is a 1931 German musical film directed by Richard Oswald and starring Carl Jöken , Gretl Theimer and Alfred Läutner .
Sensations of 1945 stars dancer Eleanor Powell and Dennis O'Keefe as two rival publicists who fall in love , but the film 's main purpose is to showcase a variety of different acts , ranging from tightrope walking to comedy to Powell 's athletic tap dancing .
Anokhi Raat ( `` Strange Night '' ) is a 1968 Hindi film produced by L. B. Lachman and L. B. Thakur and directed by Asit Sen. The film stars Sanjeev Kumar , Zaheeda Hussain , Aruna Irani , Keshto Mukherjee and Parikshat Sahni .
By a Silken Thread ( German : Am seidenen Faden ) is a 1938 German drama film directed by Robert A. Stemmle and starring Willy Fritsch , Carl Kuhlmann and Käthe von Nagy .
No One Man is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film starring Carole Lombard and Ricardo Cortez , and directed by Lloyd Corrigan .
Back at the Front is a 1952 film starring Tom Ewell and Harvey Lembeck , very loosely based on the characters Willie and Joe by Bill Mauldin .
The Lookout Girl is a surviving 1928 silent film mystery directed by Dallas M. Fitzgerald and starring Jacqueline Logan .
Scene No : 001 is a 2011 Malayalam film directed by Snehajith , starring Saiju Kurup , Roopasree , Niyas and Priyanandanan in the lead roles .
The Conflicts of Life ( Swedish : Livets konflikter ) is a 1913 Swedish silent drama film directed by Victor Sjöström and Mauritz Stiller .
Hexed is a 1993 comedy film , starring Arye Gross , Claudia Christian , Adrienne Shelly , and R. Lee Ermey , and written and directed by Alan Spencer , best known as the creator of the satirical TV series Sledge Hammer !
The Hard Hombre is a 1931 American Pre - Code Western film directed by Otto Brower and starring rodeo champion Hoot Gibson .
Clothes Make the Pirate is a 1925 American silent film starring Leon Errol and Dorothy Gish .
Do n't Change Your Husband is a 1919 American silent comedy film directed by Cecil B. DeMille and starring Gloria Swanson .
When the Earth Trembled ( 1913 ) is an American silent disaster film starring Ethel Clayton and Harry Myers .
It Rains on Our Love is the first film directed by Bergman to include actor Gunnar Björnstrand in a credited role ( he also had a credited role in Bergman 's screenwriting debut Torment ( 1944 ) ) .
The Way to Love is a 1933 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film , starring Maurice Chevalier and Ann Dvorak .
Tulkalam is a 2007 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Haranath Chakraborty and produced by Pijush Saha , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Rachana Banerjee , Paoli Dam and Rajatava Dutta .
Special ID is a 2013 Chinese action film directed by Clarence Fok and starring Donnie Yen .
Dill Scallion is a 1999 feature film mockumentary that follows the rise and fall of a country - western singer , Dill Scallion ( Billy Burke ) .
Eh Janam Tumhare Lekhe ( Punjabi : ਇਹ ਜਨਮ ਤੁਮ੍ਹਾਰੇ ਲੇਖੇ , Translation : This life is dedicated to you ) is a Punjabi movie based on the life of `` Bhagat Puran Singh '' starring Pavan Malhotra .
Dear Ruth is a 1947 romantic comedy film starring Joan Caulfield , William Holden , Mona Freeman , and Edward Arnold .
Diamonds on Wheels is a 1974 British family comedy film directed by Jerome Courtland and starring Peter Firth , Patrick Allen , George Sewell , Derek Newark and Barry Jackson .
Kalamasseriyil Kalyanayogam is a 1995 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Balu Kiriyath , starring Mukesh and Charmila in the lead roles .
Condemned to Death is a 1932 British crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Arthur Wontner , Gillian Lind and Gordon Harker .
George in Civvy Street is a 1946 British comedy film directed and produced by Marcel Varnel and stars George Formby , Ronald Shiner , and Ian Fleming .
Project Viper is a 2002 science - fiction thriller starring Patrick Muldoon , Theresa Russell , Curtis Armstrong and Tamara Davies that debuted as a Sci Fi Pictures TV - movie on the Sci Fi Channel .
Work Is a Four - Letter Word ( also known as Work Is a 4-Letter Word ) is a 1968 British satirical comedy film starring David Warner and Cilla Black , in her only acting role in a cinematic film .
Vishudhan is a 2013 Indian Malayalam film directed by Vyshakh and starring Kunchacko Boban and Miya .
Angelitos del trapecio ( `` Little Trapeze Angels '' ) is a 1959 Mexican comedy film starring Viruta and Capulina ( Marco Antonio Campos and Gaspar Henaine ) , Anabelle Gutiérrez , and Maricruz Olivier .
Pervirella is a 1997 adventure - comedy film which was directed by Alex Chandon , the film stars Emily Booth in the lead role and featured brief cameos from Jonathan Ross and Mark Lamarr .
12.10 is a 1919 British silent thriller film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Marie Doro , Ben Webster and Geoffrey Kerr .
A Man from Wyoming is a 1930 American romance film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Gary Cooper , June Collyer , and Regis Toomey .
Scandal in Budapest or Romance in Budapest ( German : Skandal in Budapest ) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Steve Sekely and Géza von Bolváry and starring Franciska Gaal , Werner Pledath and Lotte Spira .
Dead Boyz Do n't Scream is a 2006 homoerotic slasher film starring Monique Parent with male models familiar from Playgirl magazine .
In Ghost House Inn is a 2010 comedy horror Malayalam film written , directed , and co - produced by Lal , and starring Mukesh , Jagadish , Siddique and Ashokan in the lead roles ; the film is a sequel to the movies 2 Harihar Nagar ( 2009 ) and In Harihar Nagar ( 1990 ) .
Anyone Can Play ( Italian : Le dolci signore ) is a 1968 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring two Bond girls Ursula Andress and Claudine Auger .
Ghost Child ( Chinese : 鬼仔 ; formerly called Inside the Urn ) is a 2013 Singaporean horror film directed by Gilbert Chan starring Chen Hanwei , Jayley Woo and Carmen Soo .
Bhajantrilu is a Telugu film , directed by the renowned comedian M. S. Narayana and produced by K. Devi Vara Prasad .
Dark Victory is a 1939 American drama film directed by Edmund Goulding , starring Bette Davis and featuring George Brent , Humphrey Bogart , Geraldine Fitzgerald , Ronald Reagan , Henry Travers and Cora Witherspoon .
The Poacher from Egerland ( German : Der Wilderer vom Egerland ) is a 1934 Austrian - Czech drama film directed by Walter Kolm - Veltée and Vladimír Majer and starring Oscar Marion , Frantisek Slégr and Markéta Krausová .
The Beguiled is a 1971 American drama film directed by Don Siegel , starring Clint Eastwood and Geraldine Page .
The Quakeress is a 1913 silent era short costume drama motion picture starring Louise Glaum , Charles Ray , and William Desmond Taylor .
Dr. Prakash Baba Amte - The Real Hero ( Marathi : डॉ. प्रकाश बाबा आमटे - दि रियल हिरो ) is a Marathi film starring Nana Patekar , Sonali Kulkarni and Mohan Agashe in lead roles .
The Holy Queen ( Spanish : Reina santa ) is a 1947 Spanish - Portuguese historical drama film starring Maruchi Fresno , Antonio Vilar and Luis Peña .
Seven Days in Utopia is a Christian sports drama film directed by Matt Russell , starring Robert Duvall , Lucas Black , and Melissa Leo .
Amazons and Gladiators is a 2001 drama action adventure film directed and written by Zachary Weintraub , starring Patrick Bergin and Jennifer Rubin .
Remedy for Riches is a 1940 American film featuring Jean Hersholt , the second of the six films of the Dr. Christian series .
The production for Teeny Little Super Guy started in May 1982 with Paul Fierlinger , Larry Gold , Dave Connell , Jim Thurman , Stuart Horn , Patrick McMahon , and Edith Zornow .
Along with established actors Ed Flanders , Norman Lloyd and William Daniels , St. Elsewhere 's ensemble cast included David Morse , Alfre Woodard , Bruce Greenwood , Christina Pickles , Kyle Secor , Ed Begley , Jr. , Stephen Furst , Howie Mandel , Mark Harmon , Denzel Washington and Helen Hunt .
The Voter is an upcoming Malayalam film starring Salim Kumar and directed by Priyanandanan .
The Diabolical Dr. Z ( Spanish : Miss Muerte ) is a Spanish - French 1965 horror film directed by Jesús Franco .
Big Top Pee - wee is a 1988 American comedy film and the sequel to Pee - wee 's Big Adventure ( 1985 ) , and stars Paul Reubens as Pee - wee Herman , with supporting roles done by Susan Tyrrell , Kris Kristofferson , and introducing Valeria Golino as Gina Piccolapupula .
Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory is a 1971 American - Anglo musical fantasy film directed by Mel Stuart , and starring Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka .
Letters to Juliet is a 2010 American romantic drama film starring Amanda Seyfried , Christopher Egan , Vanessa Redgrave , Gael García Bernal , and Franco Nero .
Kudiyirundha Koyil ( English : The Sacred Dwelling ) , is a 1968 Indian Tamil film directed by K. Shankar , starring M. G. Ramachandran , J. Jayalalitha , Rajasree , M. N. Nambiar , Nagesh & L. Vijayalakshmi .
Keeping Up with the Steins is a 2006 comedy film directed by Scott Marshall , and starring Garry Marshall , Jeremy Piven , Jami Gertz and Daryl Hannah .
Twilight for the Gods is a 1958 drama film directed by Joseph Pevney and starring Rock Hudson and Cyd Charisse .
Karate Warriors ( Japanese : 子連れ殺人拳 , Kozure Satsujin Ken ) is a 1976 Japanese martial arts film starring Sonny Chiba .
Trouble for Two is a 1936 film starring Robert Montgomery and Rosalind Russell .
It tells the adventures of incompetent sixty - six - year - old postman Les Mutton ( voiced by Leslie Nielsen ) who also happens to be the superhero known as Zeroman .
A Loving Father ( French : Aime ton père ) is a 2002 French film starring Gérard Depardieu , Guillaume Depardieu and Sylvie Testud .
Kin Kiesse is a 1982 documentary film about `` Kin '' ( Kinshasa ) , the capital of Zaire , and the capital of paradoxes and excesses , commentated on by one of its naïf artists , the painter Chéri Samba .
Mackenna 's Gold is a 1969 American western film directed by J. Lee Thompson , starring Gregory Peck , Omar Sharif , Telly Savalas , Ted Cassidy , Camilla Sparv , and Julie Newmar .
Catharisis is a made for TV Japanese film made in 2003 based on a true story , starring Rikiya Otaka and directed by Katsumi Sakaguchi .
No Ordinary Baby , also known as After Amy , is a 2001 made - for - television movie starring Bridget Fonda .
Pridyider is a 2012 Filipino supernatural horror film directed by Rico Ilarde , starring Janice de Belen and Andi Eigenmann .
Journey to the Center of Time is a 1967 U.S. science fiction film , directed by David L. Hewitt , and starring Scott Brady and Anthony Eisley .
Infini is a 2015 Australian science fiction film directed by Shane Abbess , and starring Daniel MacPherson , Grace Huang , and Luke Hemsworth .
Fast Workers , also known as Rivets , is a 1933 Pre - Code drama film starring John Gilbert and Robert Armstrong as construction workers and romantic rivals for the character played by Mae Clarke .
Grief Street is a 1931 American Pre - Code mystery crime film directed by Richard Thorpe and starring Barbara Kent and John Holland .
Miss Fane 's Baby Is Stolen is a 1934 Pre - Code American comedy - drama film , starring Dorothea Wieck , Alice Brady , and Baby LeRoy , written by Adela Rogers St. Johns and Jane Storm from a novel and story by Rupert Hughes , and directed by Alexander Hall .
Cheena Thaana 001 is a Tamil action - comedy film starring Prasanna and Sheela .
An Idiot Abroad is a British travel documentary / road trip comedy television series broadcast on Sky 1 , as well as a series of companion books published by Canongate Books , created by Ricky Gervais and Stephen Merchant and starring Karl Pilkington .
The Godfather 's Daughter Mafia Blues is a 1991 Hong Kong action film directed by Fung Hak - on , who also served as the film 's action director and appears in a supporting role , and starring Alex Man , Yukari Oshima , Mark Cheng and Dick Wei .
Waiting at the Royal is a 2000 Australian drama film starring Catherine McClements , Noni Hazlehurst , Josephine Byrnes and Jo Kennedy .
Do n't Give a Damn , also known as Burger Cop in the United States , is a 1995 Hong Kong action film produced and directed by Sammo Hung and starring Hung , Yuen Biao , Takeshi Kaneshiro and Kathy Chow .
Secrets of the French Police is a 1932 American Pre - Code crime film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and starring Gwili Andre , Gregory Ratoff , and Frank Morgan .
Love and Liquor ( Burmese : မေတ္တာနှင့်သူရာ ; Myitta Hnint Thuyar ) is a 1920 Burmese silent film directed by Ohn Maung , written by P Moe Nin and starring Nyi Pu .
Wild Man Blues is a 1997 documentary film directed by Barbara Kopple , about the musical avocation of actor / director / comic Woody Allen .
My Ordinary Love Story ( Hangul : 내 연애의 기억 ; RR : Nae Yeonaeui Gieok ; lit . `` The Memory of My Romance '' ) is a 2014 South Korean romantic comedy / mystery thriller starring Kang Ye - won and Song Sae - byeok .
Killer Pad is a 2008 comedy / horror film directed by Robert Englund and starring Daniel Franzese , Eric Jungmann and Shane McRae .
I Do n't Know You Anymore ( Italian : Non ti conosco più ) is a 1936 Italian comedy film directed by Nunzio Malasomma and starring Vittorio De Sica .
Her Great Match is a silent 1915 drama film starring Gail Kane and based on the Broadway play by Clyde Fitch .
Going Straight is a BBC sitcom which was a direct spin - off from Porridge , starring Ronnie Barker as Norman Stanley Fletcher , newly released from the fictional Slade Prison where the earlier series had been set .
Mary Moreland is a 1917 American silent drama film starring stage actress Marjorie Rambeau that was released through Mutual Film .
Panakkara Kudumbam ( Tamil : பணக்கார குடும்பம் English : Rich Family ) is a Tamil language film starring M. G. Ramachandran in the lead role .
Kalyana Kalam is a 1982 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Robert - Rajasekhar and produced by K.R.Kannan , starring Suhasini Maniratnam in lead role , supported by Janakaraj .
Strictly Ballroom ( 1992 ) , starring Paul Mercurio and Tara Morice William Shakespeare 's Romeo + Juliet ( 1996 ) , starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes Moulin Rouge ! ( 2001 ) , starring Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor These three films were included in a `` Red Curtain Trilogy '' DVD box set released in 2002 .
Gold Raiders is a 1951 comedy Western film starring George O'Brien and the Three Stooges ( Moe Howard , Larry Fine and Shemp Howard ) .
Paisa Vasool is a 2004 Indian film directed by Srinivas Bhashyam starring Manisha Koirala and Sushmita Sen. The film is remake of High Heels and Low Lifes .
The Last Porno Flick ( also known as Those Mad , Mad Moviemakers ) is an American 1974 film starring Marianna Hill and directed by Ray Marsh .
Dheivam ( Tamil : தெய்வம் ) is a 1972 devotional Tamil film with Gemini Ganesan , R. Muthuraman , A.V.M. Rajan , Sreekanth , K. R. Vijaya , Sowkar Janaki , Nagesh , Thengai Srinivasan in lead roles .
Fantastipo is a 2005 Japanese film starring Tsuyoshi Domoto ( Kinki Kids ) and Taichi Kokubun ( TOKIO ) .
The Phantom of Crestwood is a 1932 American Pre - Code murder mystery film released by RKO Radio Pictures , directed by J. Walter Ruben , and starring Ricardo Cortez , Karen Morley , Richard `` Skeets '' Gallagher , Anita Louise , H. B. Warner , and Pauline Frederick .
Rana Vikrama is a 2015 Indian Kannada action thriller film directed by Pavan Wadeyar featuring Puneeth Rajkumar , Anjali and Adah Sharma in the lead roles .
Hélas pour moi ( English : Oh Woe is Me ) is a 1993 French film directed by Jean - Luc Godard and starring Gérard Depardieu .
The Secret Lover ( Italian : L'amante segreta ) is a 1941 Italian drama film directed by Carmine Gallone and starring Alida Valli , Fosco Giachetti and Vivi Gioi .
Mickey 's Mellerdrammer is a 1933 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists .
Never Put It in Writing is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Andrew L. Stone and starring Pat Boone , Milo O'Shea , Fidelma Murphy and Reginald Beckwith .
Dad and Dave Come to Town is a 1938 Australian comedy film directed by Ken G. Hall , the third in the ' Dad and Dave ' comedy series starring Bert Bailey .
Shaq 's Big Challenge is a reality television show hosted by Shaquille O'Neal that debuted on ABC with its first episode on June 26 , 2007 , and concluded its first season on July 31 , 2007 .
The Bad One is a 1930 American Pre - Code black - and - white musical film directed by George Fitzmaurice , starring Dolores del Río and Edmund Lowe , and featuring Boris Karloff and is a romantic prison drama film .
Trouble Along the Way is a 1953 film starring John Wayne and Donna Reed , with a supporting cast including Charles Coburn and Marie Windsor .
The Girl on a Motorcycle ( French : La motocyclette ) , also known as Naked Under Leather , is a 1968 British - French film starring Alain Delon and Marianne Faithfull and featuring Roger Mutton , Marius Goring and Catherine Jourdan .
Final Combination ( also known as Dead Connection ) is a 1994 crime - thriller film directed by Nigel Dick and starring Michael Madsen and Lisa Bonet .
Santer ( Mario Adorf ) and his gang are after the Apache Gold .
The Recording of Mr Beast is the name of a 2006 film starring Scottish post - rock band Mogwai .
Lion of the Desert is a 1981 Libyan historical action film starring Anthony Quinn as Libyan tribal leader Omar Mukhtar , a Berber Bedouin leader fighting the Italian army in the years leading up to World War II and Oliver Reed as Italian General Rodolfo Graziani , who attempted to defeat Mukhtar .
The Skeleton Key is a 2005 American supernatural horror - thriller film starring Kate Hudson , Gena Rowlands , John Hurt , Peter Sarsgaard , and Joy Bryant .
Tida Sok Puos or Snake Hair is a 1973 Khmer film directed by Hui Kung starring Kong Som Eun and Dy Saveth .
As Mutya grows up , she was protected by her older brother Aries ( Jairus Aquino ) , who has always been there for her .
Strike Commando 2 ( aka Trappola diabolica ) is a 1988 action film , starring Brent Huff , Richard Harris and Mary Stavin .
Lost Empires is a 1986 television adaptation of J. B. Priestley 's novel of the same name , and starred Colin Firth , John Castle and Laurence Olivier .
La Fille de Hambourg ( German title : Das Mädchen aus Hamburg ) is a 1958 French film drama about a French - German love affair , starring Hildegarde Neff and Daniel Gélin .
Live Like a Cop , Die Like a Man ( Italian : Uomini si nasce poliziotti si muore ) is a 1976 Italian crime film ( a polizieschi ) directed by Ruggero Deodato and starring Marc Porel .
Stablemates is a 1938 film starring Wallace Beery and Mickey Rooney .
Miss All - American Beauty is a 1982 American TV - film directed by Gus Trikonis and starring Diane Lane .
The Bargee is a 1964 British comedy film directed by Duncan Wood , and starring Harry H. Corbett , Hugh Griffith , Eric Sykes and Ronnie Barker .
Black Belt Karate Kick mostly known as Enter the Invincible Hero is 1977 Bruceploitation and drama martial art movie starring notorious Bruce Lee imitator Dragon Lee and spin kick master Casanova Wong .
Moonnam Mura ( Meaning : The Third Degree ) is a 1988 action thriller Malayalam movie starring Mohanlal , Lalu Alex , and Revathi .
The Winged Tiger is a 1970 Hong Kong wuxia film produced by the Shaw Brothers Studio , starring actor Chan Hung - lit , who was well known for playing villain roles , in his first lead role as a protagonist .
Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi is a 2012 Bollywood romantic comedy film directed by Bela Bhansali Sehgal , starring Farah Khan , Boman Irani , Kavin Dave , Shammi , Kurush Deboo and Daisy Irani .
Call of the Blood is a 1948 British - Italian drama film directed by John Clements and Ladislao Vajda and starring Clements , Kay Hammond and John Justin .
Fred Kohler , Jr. as Donald Pecos / The Pecos Kid Ruth Findlay as Mary Evans Roger Williams as James Grayson Ed Cassidy as Doc Evans Hal Taliaferro as Eric Grayson Earl Dwire as Jose Francis Walker as Henchman Chuck
A Little Journey was a 1927 American comedy film featuring Harry Carey .
The Duke Steps Out is a 1929 silent film starring William Haines and Joan Crawford .
Captive Wild Woman ( 1943 ) is a sci - fi horror film starring Evelyn Ankers , John Carradine , Milburn Stone , and introducing Acquanetta .
Pangali ( Tamil : Pangaali ) is a 1992 Indian Tamil action / comedy film starring Sathyaraj , Bhanupriya , Goundamani and Manorama in prominent roles .
California Conquest is a 1952 American film , directed by Lew Landers , and starring Cornel Wilde and Teresa Wright .
Dr. Goldfoot and the Bikini Machine is a 1965 American International Pictures comedy film in Pathécolor directed by Norman Taurog and starring Vincent Price , Frankie Avalon , Dwayne Hickman , Susan Hart and Jack Mullaney and featuring Fred Clark .
Chinatown Kid ( Chinese : 唐人街功夫小子 ; pinyin : Tángrénjiē Gōngfu Xiǎozi ; Jyutping : Tong4jan4gaai1 Gung1fu1 Siu2zi2 ) is a 1977 Shaw Brothers kung fu film directed by Chang Cheh , with action choreography by Robert Tai Chi Hsien and Lee Ka Ting , and starring Alexander Fu Sheng and the Venom Mob .
A Spray of Plum Blossoms ( Chinese : 一剪梅 ; pinyin : Yī jiǎn méi ) is a 1931 silent Chinese film directed by Bu Wancang and starring Ruan Lingyu , Wang Cilong and Jin Yan .
Two Little Drummer Boys is a 1928 British silent comedy film directed by G.B. Samuelson and starring Georgie Wood , Derrick De Marney and Alma Taylor .
Dr. O'Dowd is a 1940 British drama film directed by Herbert Mason and starring Shaun Glenville , Peggy Cummins , Felix Aylmer and Irene Handl .
The Perfect Score is a 2004 American teen heist film directed by Brian Robbins , starring Erika Christensen , Chris Evans , Bryan Greenberg , Scarlett Johansson , Darius Miles , and Leonardo Nam .
Sivagamiyin Selvan ( Tamil : சிவகாமியின் செல்வன் ; English : Sivakami 's son ) is a 1974 Tamil film starring Sivaji Ganesan , Vanisri and Latha .
Letty Lynton is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film starring Joan Crawford , Robert Montgomery and Nils Asther .
Onionhead is a 1958 comedy - drama film set on a U.S. Coast Guard ship during World War II , starring Andy Griffith and featuring Felicia Farr , Walter Matthau , Erin O'Brien , James Gregory , Joey Bishop , and Claude Akins .
Sea Spoilers is a 1936 American drama film directed by Frank R. Strayer and starring John Wayne .
Marakkillorikkalum is a 1983 Malayalam film co - written and directed by Fazil starring Prem Nazir , Shankar and Mohanlal in lead roles .
15 Maiden Lane is a 1936 American crime film directed by Allan Dwan and starring Claire Trevor and Cesar Romero , with Lloyd Nolan .
Monkey Shines tells the story of an athlete , Allan Mann ( Jason Beghe ) , who is rendered quadriplegic when struck by a truck .
Stealing Christmas is an American television film starring Tony Danza and Lea Thompson .
It also featured songs by country artist Blake Shelton , including the hit `` Nobody But Me '' , and `` The Christmas Blessing '' by Newsong .
On the morning of February 24 , 1989 , logger Pete Martell ( Jack Nance ) discovers a naked corpse tightly wrapped in a sheet of clear plastic on the bank of a river outside the small town of Twin Peaks , Washington .
Fugitive in Trieste ( Italian : Clandestino a Trieste ) is a 1951 Italian war - drama film directed by Guido Salvini and starring Doris Duranti , Jacques Sernas and Massimo Girotti .
Karavan lyubvi is a musical television film starring Sofia Rotaru .
The Head Hunter is a 1982 Hong Kong action film directed by Lau Shing - hon and starring Chow Yun - fat and Rosamund Kwan .
Bloodfist is a 1989 American martial arts film directed by Terence H. Winkless , written by Robert King , and starring Don `` The Dragon '' Wilson .
Nocturna ( more commonly referred to by its promotional title Nocturna : Granddaughter of Dracula ) is a 1979 film conceived by star Nai Bonet and written and directed by Harry Hurwitz , who was credited as `` Harry Tampa . ''
Moderated by John Daly and with panelists Dorothy Kilgallen , Arlene Francis , and Bennett Cerf , What 's My Line ? won three Emmy Awards for `` Best Quiz or Audience Participation Show '' in 1952 , 1953 , and 1958 and the Golden Globe for Best TV Show in 1962 .
Shadow of the Vampire is a 2000 humorous metafiction horror film directed by E. Elias Merhige and written by Steven Katz , and starring John Malkovich and Willem Dafoe .
It stars Javier Bardem as Romeo Dolorosa , the main character , and Rosie Perez as Perdita Durango serves as the co - star .
Rakshak is 1996 Bollywood action film directed by Ashok Honda and starring Sunil Shetty , Karisma Kapoor , Raghuvaran , Sonali Bendre , Alok Nath , Aruna Irani .
Bharya Onnu Makkal Moonnu ( English : Wife : One , Children : Three ) is a 2009 Malayalam film directed by Rajasenan and starring Rajasenan and Sithara .
Sidlingu ( Kannada : ಸಿದ್ಲಿಂಗು ) is a comedy - emotional coming of age Cinema of Karnataka starring Yogesh and Ramya in the lead roles .
Paano Na Kaya ( lit : How Will It Be ? ) is a 2010 Filipino romance film directed by Ruel S. Bayani and starring Kim Chiu and Gerald Anderson .
The Shuttered Room is a 1967 British horror film directed by David Greene and starring Gig Young and Carol Lynley as a couple who move into a house with dark secrets .
A Lady Surrenders is a 1930 American Pre - Code film starring Genevieve Tobin , Rose Hobart , Conrad Nagel and Basil Rathbone .
The Wedding Guest is a 1916 American silent drama film , featuring Harry Carey .
Puthiya Mukham ( Malayalam : പുതിയ മുഖം , English : The New Face ) is a 2009 Malayalam action film directed by Diphan and starring Prithviraj Sukumaran .
Wildness of Youth is a 1922 silent film directed by Ivan Abramson , starring Virginia Pearson , Harry T. Morey and Mary Anderson .
Shantha Sakkubai was a 1939 Tamil film starring K. Aswathamma , Bannibai , K. Sarangapani , Kothamangalam Seenu , Kothamangalam Subbu , P. G. Venkatesan , S. S. Rajamani , K. Aranganayaki , T. S. Krishnaveni , M. A. Ganapathi Bhat and Sundar Rao Nadkarni .
How Sweet It Is ! is a 1968 comedy movie starring James Garner and Debbie Reynolds , with a supporting cast including Terry - Thomas and Paul Lynde .
The Honourable Tenant ( Spanish : El Honorable inquilino ) is a 1951 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos Schlieper and starring Alberto Closas , Olga Zubarry and Amalia Sánchez Ariño .
Bahaddur Gandu ( Kannada : ಬಹದ್ದೂರ್ ಗಂಡು ) , is a 1976 Indian Kannada language feature film directed by A. V. Sheshagiri Rao , starring Rajkumar , Jayanthi , Aarathi and Vajramuni in lead roles .
The Compulsory Wife is a 1937 British comedy film , directed by Arthur B. Woods and starring Henry Kendall and Joyce Kirby .
Charley and the Angel is a 1973 Disney family / comedy film set in an unidentified small city in the 1930s Depression - era Midwestern United States and starring Fred MacMurray in one of his final film appearances and his last movie for Disney .
Home of the Giants is a 2007 American film , written and directed by Rusty Gorman that stars Haley Joel Osment , Ryan Merriman and Danielle Panabaker .
Scandal at Scourie is an American drama Technicolor movie released in 1953 and starring Greer Garson , Walter Pidgeon `` above the title '' , and co - starring Donna Corcoran .
Second Half ( Norwegian : Andre omgang ) is a 2007 Norwegian comedy film directed by Hilde Heier , starring Johannes Joner , Espen Reboli Bjerke and Baard Owe .
Roast Beef and Movies ( 1934 ) is a short subject starring George Givot , along with Curly Howard ( billed as `` Jerry Howard '' ) , Bobby Callahan , and the Albertina Rasch Dancers .
The Pleasure Seekers is a 1964 20th Century Fox motion picture starring Ann - Margret , Anthony Franciosa , and Carol Lynley , with Gardner McKay , Pamela Tiffin , Brian Keith , and Gene Tierney in her final film .
The Last Good Time is a 1994 drama film , released in early 1995 , starring Armin Mueller - Stahl , Olivia d'Abo , Maureen Stapleton and Lionel Stander in his final theatrical role .
Opa ! is a 2005 film directed by Udayan Prasad and starring Matthew Modine .
Buck and the Preacher is a 1972 American Western film starring Sidney Poitier as Buck and Harry Belafonte as the Preacher .
Malai Malai is a 2009 Tamil language film , starring Arun Vijay and Vedhicka in the lead roles .
The Waiting City stars Joel Edgerton and Radha Mitchell , and was an official selection at the 2009 Toronto International Film Festival .
The Firechasers is a 1971 British crime film directed by Sidney Hayers and starring Chad Everett , Anjanette Comer and Keith Barron .
The Flying Serpent is a 1946 American fantasy - horror film directed by Sam Newfield and featuring George Zucco , Ralph Lewis , Hope Kramer and Eddie Acuff .
To Grandmother 's House We Go is a 1992 Christmas television film starring Mary - Kate and Ashley Olsen .
Augustus Neapolitan Cleveland `` Porkpie '' Grant ( Ram John Holder ) was a childhood friend of Desmond 's .
Winter of Frozen Dreams is a 2009 independent American crime drama directed by Eric Mandelbaum , and starring Thora Birch , Keith Carradine , and Brendan Sexton III . The film follows the story of Barbara Hoffman , a Wisconsin biochemistry student and prostitute convicted of murder in the first televised murder trial ever .
Desingu Raja ( Tamil : தேசிங்கு ராஜா ; English : King Desingu ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil film directed by Ezhil starring Vimal and Bindu Madhavi .
The First of the Few ( US title Spitfire ) is a 1942 British biographical film produced and directed by Leslie Howard , who stars as R. J. Mitchell , the designer of the Supermarine Spitfire fighter aircraft .
Tell It to the Judge is a 1949 romantic comedy film starring Rosalind Russell as a divorcee who tries to get back her ex - husband , played by Robert Cummings .
Old Cow vs Tender Grass ( simplified Chinese : 老牛与嫩草 ; pinyin : Lǎo Níu Chī Nèn Căo ) is a 2010 Singaporean comedy film , directed by Chi Kai Fok and starring Henry Thia and Crystal Lin .
Floodtide is a 1949 British romantic drama film directed by Frederick Wilson and starring Gordon Jackson , Rona Anderson , John Laurie and Jimmy Logan .
Tigers in Lipstick ( Italian : Letti selvaggi ) is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Luigi Zampa and starring Ursula Andress .
Pyrates is an 1991 comedy film , starring Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedgwick about a couple who experience pyrokinesis after having sex .
Married to Order is a 1920 American film featuring Oliver Hardy .
They Gave Him a Gun is a 1937 American crime drama film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starring Spencer Tracy , Gladys George , and Franchot Tone .
The Tale of the Bunny Picnic is a 1986 TV special directed by Jim Henson and David G. Hillier .
Aaag Hi Aag is 1999 Hindi language movie directed by T L V Prasad and starring Mithun Chakraborty , Jackie Shroff , Sneha , Aloknath Dixit , Payal Malhotra , Rajiv Raj , Kiran Kumar , Laxmikant Berde .
Boxboarders ! is a 2007 independent comedy film written and directed by Rob Hedden and starring , among others , Marieh Delfino , Melora Hardin , Dale Midkiff , Michelle Pierce and The Lizardman .
Lovespell is a 1981 fantasy romantic tragedy film featuring Richard Burton as King Mark of Cornwall .
Avalkkoru janmam koodi is a 1990 Indian Malayalam film , directed by NP Suresh , starring Sathaar and Mala Aravindan in the lead role .
Back at their hut on waste ground they mention Jo ( Sam Shepherd ) , known as ' Bronco Bullfrog ' ( for reasons which are never explained ) , who has just got out of Borstal .
Kerala House Udan Vilpanakku is a 2004 Malayalam comedy drama film directed by Thaha and starring Jayasurya , Girly , Harisree Asokan , Cochin Hanifa and Narendra Prasad .
Many of the same actors that appeared in that season of Power Rangers are also seen in Labou , including Chris Violette , Kelson Henderson , Barnie Duncan and Monica May.
A Fire Has Been Arranged is a 1935 British comedy film directed by Leslie S. Hiscott and starring Chesney Allen , Bud Flanagan and Alastair Sim .
Gardish is a 1993 Hindi film directed by Priyadarshan which stars Jackie Shroff and Dimple Kapadia .
Captains of the Clouds ( aka Shadows of Their Wings ) is a 1942 Warner Bros. war film in Technicolor , directed by Michael Curtiz and starring James Cagney .
Kalabha Kadhalan is a 2006 Tamil romantic thriller directed by debutant Igore , starring Arya and Renuka Menon .
Antholanam is a 2001 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Jagadeesh Chandran , starring Kalabhavan Mani and Narendra Prasad in the lead roles .
The Misfortunes of Sophie ( French : Les Malheurs de Sophie ) is a 1946 French comedy drama film directed by Jacqueline Audry and starring Madeleine Rousset , Marguerite Moreno and Michel Auclair .
Chamaram ( Malayalam : ചാമരം ) is a 1980 Malayalam film written by John Paul Puthusery and directed by Bharathan starring Nedumudi Venu , Zarina Wahab , Prathap Pothan , Ratheesh .
Handicapped Future ( German : Behinderte Zukunft ) is a 1971 documentary film by Werner Herzog about physically disabled children in Munich .
Our Men in Bagdad ( Italian : Il gioco delle spie , French : Bagarre à Bagdad pour X-27 ) is a 1966 Italian - French Eurospy film starring Rory Calhoun .
Love at Large is a 1990 American romance and mystery film directed by Alan Rudolph and starring Tom Berenger , Elizabeth Perkins and Anne Archer .
Devara Gudi ( Kannada : ದೇವರ ಗುಡಿ ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada language drama film starring Vishnuvardhan and Bharathi in the lead roles along with Leelavathi , Manjula and Rajesh .
Just Wright is a 2010 American romantic comedy film starring Queen Latifah and Common that tells the story of a physical therapist who falls in love with a professional basketball player .
Seema Tapakai ( veedu chaala hot ) ( Telugu : సీమటపాకాయ్ : వీడు చాల హాట్ ... ) was a 2011 Telugu comedy film written and directed by G.Nageswara Reddy , produced by Dr. Vijaya Prasad Malla under Wellfare Creations banner and starring Allari Naresh and Poorna in lead roles .
Krakatoa , East of Java is a 1969 American disaster film starring Maximilian Schell and Brian Keith .
Panic in the House of Ardon ( German : Der Schrecken i m Hause Ardon ) is a 1920 German silent crime film directed by Robert Wiene and starring Stella Harf , Max Kronert and Paul Mederow .
Zombi 2 is a 1979 zombie film directed by Lucio Fulci .
Christmas Evil ( also known as You Better Watch Out and Terror in Toyland ) is a 1980 slasher film , directed by Lewis Jackson and starring Brandon Maggart .
The Doctor and the Monkey ( French : Le Savant et le Chimpanzé ) is a 1900 French short silent comedy film directed by Georges Méliès .
It 's Only Money is a comedy film directed by Frank Tashlin and starring Jerry Lewis .
A Storm Over Zakopane ( German : Sturm über Zakopane or Der Bergführer von Zakopane ) is a 1931 German drama film directed by Domenico Gambino and Adolf Trotz and starring Gambino , Alphons Fryland and Lilian Ellis .
One Sunday Afternoon is a 1933 American Pre - Code romantic comedy film directed by Stephen R. Roberts and starring Gary Cooper and Fay Wray .
The Secret War of Harry Frigg is a 1968 comedy film set in World War II . It was directed by Jack Smight and starred Paul Newman .
Saalivaahanan ( Tamil : சாலிவாகணன் ) is a Tamil language film starring Ranjan , T. R. Rajakumari , M. G. Ramachandran and K. L. V. Vasantha .
Calling Philo Vance is a 1940 American mystery / comedy released by Warner Bros. and starring James Stephenson as the dilettante detective Philo Vance , his only appearance as the character ;
Live at Sturgis 2006 is a live concert DVD filmed by Canadian rock band , Nickelback .
Trust the Man is a 2005 romantic comedy film starring David Duchovny , Billy Crudup , Julianne Moore , and Maggie Gyllenhaal .
Women Are No Angels ( German : Frauen sind keine Engel ) is a 1943 German comedy film directed by Willi Forst and starring Marte Harell , Axel von Ambesser and Margot Hielscher .
Jean and the Calico Doll is a 1910 short film directed by Laurence Trimble and featuring his real - life pet Jean , a border collie soon to be famous as the Vitagraph Dog .
A Damsel in Distress is a 1937 English - themed Hollywood musical comedy film starring Fred Astaire , Joan Fontaine , George Burns , and Gracie Allen .
Fortune Dane is an 1986 television series starring Carl Weathers as the title character .
Rebel in Town is a 1956 American black - and - white Western film directed by Alfred L. Werker and starring John Payne , Ruth Roman , J. Carrol Naish and Ben Cooper .
Business and Pleasure is a 1932 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by David Butler , starring Will Rogers and featuring Boris Karloff .
The Midnight Girl is a 1925 American drama film directed by Wilfred Noy , starring Lila Lee and featuring Béla Lugosi .
A Debt of Honour is a 1922 British silent drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Isobel Elsom , Clive Brook and Sydney Seaward .
Pandu Pandoru Rajakumari is a 1992 Malayalam film directed by Viji Thampi having Jagadish , Anju and Nedumudi Venu in the lead roles .
Ki Prem Dekhaila ( Bengali : কি প্রেম দেখাইলা ) is a 2013 Bangladeshi action romance film directed by Shah Muhammad Songhram and starring Bappy Chowdhury , Achol , Bobita , Nutan , Sadek Bacchu , Ali Raj and Shiba Shanu .
Hearts of the World stars Lillian and Dorothy Gish and Robert Harron .
Pete , the Pedal Polisher is a 1915 short comedy film featuring Harold Lloyd .
Shaolin Dolemite is a 1999 direct - to - video film starring Rudy Ray Moore and in name , a sequel to Dolemite .
Two Weeks in Another Town is a 1962 drama film based on a novel by Irwin Shaw , directed by Vincente Minnelli , and starring Kirk Douglas , Edward G. Robinson , Cyd Charisse , Claire Trevor , Daliah Lavi , George Hamilton , and Rosanna Schiaffino .
W Django ! ( also known as A Man Called Django ! and Viva ! Django ) is a 1971 Italian Spaghetti Western film directed by Edoardo Mulargia and starring Anthony Steffen .
They Shall Have Music is a 1939 musical film starring famed violinist Jascha Heifetz ( as himself ) , Joel McCrea , Andrea Leeds , and Gene Reynolds .
His Majesty 's Lieutenant ( German : Der Leutnant Ihrer Majestät ) is a 1929 German silent romance film directed by Jacob Fleck and Luise Fleck and starring Iván Petrovich , Agnes Esterhazy and Georg Alexander .
The Return of Clint the Stranger ( aka There 's a Noose Waiting for You Trinity ! , Italian : Il ritorno di Clint il solitario , Spanish : El retorno de Clint el solitario ) is a 1972 Italian - Spanish Western film directed by Alfonso Balcázar and starring Klaus Kinski .
5 raske piger is a 1933 Danish comedy film directed by A. W. Sandberg and starring Karina Bell .
Our Friends in the North helped to establish the careers of its four lead actors , Daniel Craig , Christopher Eccleston , Gina McKee and Mark Strong ; for Craig in particular , his part in the serial has been referred to as his breakthrough role .
The Battle Over Citizen Kane is a 1996 documentary about the clash between newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst and actor / writer / director Orson Welles over Welles 's 1941 motion picture Citizen Kane , which is widely regarded as one of the greatest films of all time .
The Sainted Sisters is a 1948 comedy film starring Veronica Lake and co - starring Joan Caulfield , Barry Fitzgerald , George Reeves , William Demarest and Beulah Bondi .
Mano Po stars an all - star cast headed by Maricel Soriano , Richard Gomez , Kris Aquino and Ara Mina .
Young and Innocent ( American title : The Girl Was Young ) is a 1937 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Nova Pilbeam and Derrick De Marney .
En Priyame is a 1983 Tamil - language Indian feature film directed by Sivakumar , starring Raveendran and Viji in lead roles .
With Buffalo Bill on the U. P. Trail ; alternately called Buffalo Bill on the U. P. Trail , is a 1926 silent film historical western starring Roy Stewart as Buffalo Bill Cody and directed by Frank Mattison .
Deiva Vaakku ( English : Divine promise ) is a 1992 Indian Tamil drama film , directed by M. S. Madhu , starring Karthik Muthuraman and Revathi in lead roles .
Two Days is a 2003 drama film written and directed by Sean McGinly about a man ( Paul Rudd ) who has a film crew documenting the last two days of his life before his planned suicide .
The Devil at 4 O'Clock is a 1961 American Eastman Color disaster film , starring Spencer Tracy and Frank Sinatra and directed by Mervyn LeRoy .
Les Sœurs fâchées ( English : The Angry Sisters ; distributed in English as Me and My Sister ) is a 2004 French comedy film directed by Alexandra Leclère and starring Isabelle Huppert .
Niagara , Niagara is a 1997 film directed by Bob Gosse , and starring Henry Thomas , Robin Tunney , as well as Michael Parks , John Ventimiglia , and Stephen Lang .
Pardon My Rhythm is a 1944 movie starring Gloria Jean , Patric Knowles , and Evelyn Ankers , featuring Mel Tormé and Bob Crosby , and directed by Felix E. Feist .
In the Times of Don Porfirio ( Spanish : En tiempos de Don Porfirio ) is a 1940 Mexican musical film directed by Juan Bustillo Oro and starring Fernando Soler , Marina Tamayo and Emilio Tuero .
Texas , Brooklyn and Heaven ( UK title : The Girl from Texas ) is a 1948 American romantic comedy film directed by William Castle and starring Guy Madison and Diana Lynn .
The Music Box Kid is a low budget 1960 gangster film directed by Edward L. Cahn , starring Ron Foster and Luana Patten .
Three Smart Girls Grow Up is a 1939 American musical comedy film directed by Henry Koster and starring Deanna Durbin , Nan Grey , and Helen Parrish .
To Please a Lady is a 1950 romantic drama film produced and directed by Clarence Brown and starring Clark Gable and Barbara Stanwyck .
The Back - up Plan ( previously known as Plan B ) is a 2010 romantic comedy film , starring Jennifer Lopez and Alex O'Loughlin .
Gorillas in the Mist is a 1988 American drama film directed by Michael Apted and starring Sigourney Weaver as naturalist Dian Fossey .
Pyaar Diwana Hota Hai ( English : Love Is Crazy ) is a 2002 Indian movie directed by Kirti Kumar , starring Govinda and Rani Mukerji .
Ponmudipuzhayorathu is a 2005 Malayalam - language Indian feature film directed by Johnson Esthappan , starring Sheela , Nedumudi Venu , Kalabhavan Mani , Madhu Warrier , Mala Aravindan and Indrans
Satan Met a Lady is a 1936 American detective film directed by William Dieterle and starring Bette Davis .
Farlig Ungdom ( English ; Dangerous Youth ) is a 1953 Danish crime drama directed by Lau Lauritzen Jr. and starring Ib Mossin and Birgitte Bruun .
Seven Below ( US title Seven Below Zero ) is a 2012 horror - thriller American film directed by Kevin Carraway starring Val Kilmer , Ving Rhames and Luke Goss in lead roles .
Abbott and Costello Meet Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a 1953 American comedy horror film directed by Charles Lamont and stars the comedy team of Abbott and Costello , and co - stars Boris Karloff .
Two Hearts in May ( German : Zwei Herzen i m Mai ) is a 1958 West German musical comedy film directed by Géza von Bolváry and starring Dieter Borsche , Kristina Söderbaum and Walter Giller .
A Plantation Act ( 1926 ) is an early Vitaphone sound - on - disc short film starring Al Jolson , the first film that Jolson starred in .
Putty Hill is a 2010 American independent drama film directed by Matthew Porterfield , and starring Sky Ferreira , Zoe Vance , and James Siebor .
Adiyozhukkukal ( Malayalam : അടിയൊഴുക്കുകള്‍ ( Undercurrents ) ) is a 1984 Malayalam drama film directed by I. V. Sasi and written by M. T. Vasudevan Nair ; starring Mammootty , Seema , Mohanlal , Balan K. Nair , Vincent and Rahman in the main roles .
Ann Sheridan as Nora Prentiss Kent Smith as Dr. Richard Talbot Bruce Bennett as Dr. Joel Merriam Robert Alda as Phil Dinardo , Cafe Owner Rosemary DeCamp as Lucy Talbot John Ridgely as Walter Bailey , Heart Patient Robert Arthur as Gregory Talbot Wanda Hendrix as Bonita ' Bunny ' Talbot
Friends and Neighbours is a 1959 British comedy film directed by Gordon Parry and starring Arthur Askey , Megs Jenkins and Peter Illing .
They Went That - A - Way & That - A - Way is a 1978 slapstick comedy film written by and starring Tim Conway .
Best Player is a 2011 television film that was released on March 12 , 2011 starring Jerry Trainor as Quincy `` Q '' Johnson and Jennette McCurdy as Christina `` Prodigy '' Saunders , two stars from the hit Nickelodeon show iCarly .
Charles ' Aunt ( Danish : Charles ' tante ) is a 1959 Danish comedy film directed by Poul Bang and starring Dirch Passer .
Dance , Little Lady is a 1954 British film directed by Val Guest , and starring Terence Morgan , Mai Zetterling , Guy Rolfe and Mandy Miller .
The Blue Parrot is a low budget 1953 British crime film directed by John Harlow and starring Dermot Walsh , Jacqueline Hill , Ballard Berkeley , Richard Pearson and John Le Mesurier .
The Graduates of Malibu High is a low budget American action film starring James Van Patten , Ernest Borgnine , Richard Roundtree , and Lynda Day George .
A Melbourne Mystery is a 1913 Australian silent film starring John Gavin .
Mad Dog and Glory is a 1993 American crime comedy - drama film directed by John McNaughton and starring Robert De Niro , Uma Thurman , and Bill Murray .
Mary Stevens , M.D. is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film starring Kay Francis , Lyle Talbot and Glenda Farrell .
Mumbai Se Aaya Mera Dost is a 2003 Bollywood movie starring Abhishek Bachchan , Lara Dutta and Chunky Pandey .
The Seed is a 2005 short - film starring Will Yun Lee and Peter Mensah , produced and directed by Joe Hahn of Linkin Park and Ken Mercado .
Crimebroker is a 1993 Australian - Japanese TV movie starring Jacqueline Bisset as a housewife who masquerades as a crime broker .
The Accidental Husband is a 2008 American romantic comedy film directed by Griffin Dunne , and starring Uma Thurman , Jeffrey Dean Morgan , Colin Firth , Isabella Rossellini , and Sam Shepard .
Old Mother Riley , MP is a 1939 British comedy film starring Arthur Lucan and Kitty McShane , which forms part of the Old Mother Riley series of films .
The Silent Command is a 1923 American silent drama film directed by J. Gordon Edwards and features Bela Lugosi as a foreign saboteur in his American film debut .
Salute John Citizen is a 1942 black and white British drama film directed by Maurice Elvey and starring Edward Rigby , Mabel Constanduros and Jimmy Hanley .
The Release of Dan Forbes is a 1916 American silent short drama film directed by Donald MacDonald starring Helen Rosson , William Stowell , and Harry Van Meter .
Jesse James ' Women is a 1954 American film starring as well as directed , co - produced and co - written by Don `` Red '' Barry , who portrays Jesse James .
Last Frontier Uprising is a 1947 western film directed by Lesley Selander for Republic Pictures and starring Monte Hale and Adrian Booth .
Imaginary Larry is a 2009 short film co - directed by Riki Lindhome and Dori Oskowitz and starring Riki Lindhome , Kate Micucci , Malcolm Barrett , Ryan Devlin , Christopher Stewart .
Suhasini Mulay as Aparoopa Biju Phukan as Rana Farooq Sheikh Sushma Seth as Rana 's mother Gopi Desai as Radha Hiranya Deka Indra Bania Sushil Goswami Nipon Goswami Girish Karnad Dulal Roy Jagdeep Kulbhushan Kharbanda Neelam
Pasand Apni Apni is a 1983 Hindi - language Indian film directed by Basu Chatterjee , starring Ashok Kumar , Mithun Chakraborty , Utpal Dutt , Rati Agnihotri , Subbiraj , Mithilesh Chaturvedi , Javed Khan and A K Hangal .
Handa and Bhonda is a 2010 Bengali - language Indian feature film directed by Subhankar Chattopadhyay , starring Mithun Chakraborty , Aritra Dutta Banik , Biswajit Chakraborty and Supriya Devi .
Bungee Jumping of Their Own ( Hangul : 번지점프를 하다 ; RR : Beonjijeompeureul hada ) is a 2001 South Korean film starring Lee Byung - hun and Lee Eun - ju .
That Devil , Bateese is an 1918 American silent action - drama film directed by William Wolbert and starring Monroe Salisbury , Ada Gleason , and Lon Chaney .
Dil Ki Baatein Dil Hi Jaane is an Indian soap opera which aired on Sony TV in 2015 , starring Ram Kapoor and Gurdeep Kohli as the main protagonists .
Full Grown Men is a 2006 American independent comedy film directed by David Munro and starring Matt McGrath , Judah Friedlander , Alan Cumming , Amy Sedaris , and Deborah Harry , is the bittersweet story of a thirtysomething man with family who grudgingly realizes it is time to trade adolescence for adulthood .
Whole Lotta Sole ( known as Stand Off in North America ) is a 2012 independent comedy film written and directed by Terry George and starring Brendan Fraser , David O'Hara , Colm Meaney , Yaya DaCosta and Martin McCann .
When Nietzsche Wept is a 2007 independent American drama film directed by Pinchas Perry and starring Armand Assante , Ben Cross and Katheryn Winnick .
Singaravelan ( Tamil : சிங்காரவேலன் ) is a 1992 Indian Tamil comedy film starring Kamal Haasan in the lead role of the protagonist .
24 Hours of a Woman 's Life is a 1952 British film starring Merle Oberon , loosely based on Stefan Zweig 's 100 page novella .
The Missing Person is a 2008 comedy - drama - mystery film written and directed by American independent filmmaker Noah Buschel and starring Michael Shannon and Amy Ryan .
Young Lochinvar ( 1923 ) is a British silent historical drama film directed by W.P. Kellino and starring Owen Nares , Gladys Jennings , and Dick Webb .
The Stake is a 1915 American silent short drama film starring William Garwood in the lead role with Violet Mersereau .
Hercules and the Black Pirates ( Italian : Sansone contro il corsaro nero , also known as Hercules and the Pirates and Hercules and the Black Pirate ) is a 1964 Italian pirate - peplum film directed by Luigi Capuano and starring Alan Steel .
Rip 's Dream ( French : La Légende de Rip Van Vinckle ( sic ) ) is a 1905 French silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Sound of Boot is a 2008 psychological thriller by Shaji Kailas starring Suresh Gopi , Bala , Honey Rose and Murali .
Bachelor Party Vegas is a comedy film that was released in 2006 starring Kal Penn , Jonathan Bennett , Charlie Spiller , Diora Baird and Donald Faison .
Aztec Warrior is an upcoming American action comedy film directed by Scott Sanders and written by Diego O'Brien from a story by himself and Javier Chapa , starring Nadine Velazquez , Terry Crews , Luis Da Silva , Luis Guzmán , Elena Sanchez and Eugenio Derbez .
In the movie , Russell Walker has signed all of the hottest acts to his Krush Groove record label , including Run - D.M.C. , Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde ( Alonzo Brown ) , and Kurtis Blow .
Rutger Hauer as Omega Doom Shannon Whirry as Zed Norbert Weisser as The Head Tina Cote as Blackheart Anna Katarina as The Bartender
The first film , The Boys of St. Vincent , covers the sexual and physical abuse of a number of orphans by Brothers headed by Brother Peter Lavin ( Henry Czerny ) .
La Fille de l'eau ( The Girl of the Water ) , also known by the English title The Whirlpool of Fate ( 1925 ) , is a silent film that was shot by Jean Renoir and featured Catherine Hessling for its heroine .
The Phantom Stockman is a 1953 Australian western film written and directed by Lee Robinson and starring Chips Rafferty , Victoria Shaw , Max Osbiston and Guy Doleman .
Hold That Lion is a 1926 silent comedy film directed by William Beaudine , starring Douglas MacLean , Walter Hiers and Constance Howard .
The Arc of Life ( 2012 ) is a film of an interview of world religion scholar Professor Huston Smith by Ken Dychtwald , a gerontologist and psychologist .
South of Tana River ( Danish : Syd for Tana River ) is a 1963 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen and starring Poul Reichhardt .
The Great Scout & Cathouse Thursday is a 1976 comedy film directed by Don Taylor starring Lee Marvin , Oliver Reed , Sylvia Miles and Kay Lenz .
Penn of Pennsylvania is a 1941 British historical drama film directed by Lance Comfort and starring Deborah Kerr , Clifford Evans , Dennis Arundell , Henry Oscar , Herbet Lomas and Edward Rigby .
Les têtes interverties ( also known as La Cravate , The Transposed Heads and The Severed Heads ) is a 1957 French short film written and directed by Alejandro Jodorowsky .
Sheba , Baby is a 1975 American blaxploitation action film starring Pam Grier and Austin Stoker .
You My Rose Mellow ( Hangul : 접시꽃 당신 ; RR : JeobsiKkoch dangsin ) is a 1988 South Korean film directed by Park Chul - soo and starring Lee Deok - hwa and Lee Bo - hee .
Clash by Night is a 1952 American drama film with some film noir aspects , directed by Fritz Lang and starring Barbara Stanwyck , Paul Douglas , Robert Ryan , Marilyn Monroe and Keith Andes .
Looking for Trouble is a 1934 American Pre - Code crime film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Spencer Tracy , Jack Oakie and Constance Cummings .
The Wild Scene ( 1970 ) is a film starring Alberta Nelson in the story of Dr. Virginia Grant , a female psychiatrist who talks graphically about her tawdriest cases .
Zoo in Budapest ( 1933 ) is an American Pre - Code film directed by Rowland V. Lee and starring Loretta Young , Gene Raymond , O.P. Heggie , and Paul Fix .
The Last Confession of Alexander Pearce is a 2008 Australian film directed by Michael James Rowland starring Irish actors Adrian Dunbar as Philip Conolly and Ciaran McMenamin as Alexander Pearce .
Inspector Dhanush is a 1991 Bollywood action film directed by Shyam Ramsay and Tulsi Ramsay , and starring Vishnuvardhan ( actor ) , Sangeeta Bijlani , Suresh Oberoi , Sadashiv Amrapurkar , Dilip Tahil and Roopa Ganguly .
The Mad Doctor of Blood Island is a 1969 Filipino horror film starring John Ashley , Angelique Pettyjohn and Carlito `` Bonoy '' Gonzaga .
Makkala Rajya ( Kannada : ಮಕ್ಕಳ ರಾಜ್ಯ ) is a 1960 Kannada film directed and co - produced by B. R. Panthulu .
A Última Vez Que Vi Macau is a 2012 Portuguese film directed by João Pedro Rodrigues and João Rui Guerra da Mata .
Tortured Soul ( Italian : Anima tormentata ) is a 1919 Italian silent film directed by Mario Caserini and starring Maria Jacobini , Andrea Habay and Alberto Collo .
A Home Too Far is a 1990 Taiwanese war drama film directed by Chu Yen - ping starring Andy Lau , Tou Chung - hua and Ko Chun - hsiung .
Katrin Cartlidge - Claire Dolan Vincent D'Onofrio - Elton Garrett Colm Meaney - Roland Cain Patrick Husted - George Muriel Maida - Claire 's Mum Maryann Plunkett - Mary Egan Sarah Rose Hendrickson - Siobhan , Mary 's daughter
Ernest Goes to Africa is a 1997 comedy film written and directed by John R. Cherry III . It stars Jim Varney , and is the ninth film to feature the character of Ernest P. Worrell .
Connasse , Princesse des cœurs ( also titled The Parisian Bitch ) is a 2015 French - Belgian comedy film written and directed by Eloïse Lang and Noémie Saglio , and starring Camille Cottin .
Harold & Kumar is the name for a series of American stoner comedy films starring John Cho ( Harold ) and Kal Penn ( Kumar ) .
Free Stuff is hosted by Morgan Webb and Kevin Pereira .
Shallow Ground is a 2004 horror film written and directed by Sheldon Wilson and starring Timothy V. Murphy , Stan Kirsch , Lindsey Stoddart , Patty McCormack , and Rocky Marquette .
Amanda Lear - Sexy Stryx Anna Oxa - Stereo Stryx Asha Puthli- Indian Stryx Corrado Lojacono Gal Costa - Stryx do Brasil Gianni Cajfa Grace Jones - Rumstryx Hal Yamanduchi Mia Martini - Gipsy Stryx Luis Agudo Ombretta Colli - Ludmilla Patty Pravo - Subliminal Stryx Tony Renis - Piloconduttore Walter Valdi
This Is My Affair is a 1937 crime film starring Robert Taylor , Barbara Stanwyck , Victor McLaglen and Brian Donlevy .
Number , Please ? is a 1920 American short comedy film directed by Hal Roach and Fred C. Newmeyer featuring Harold Lloyd .
Jason 's Lyric features an ensemble cast of African American actors that includes Allen Payne , Jada Pinkett Smith , Bokeem Woodbine , Treach , Eddie Griffin , Lahmard Tate , Lisa Nicole Carson , and Forest Whitaker .
Goodnight , Thank You , You 've Been a Lovely Audience is a DVD featuring Sinéad O'Connor .
How to Steal a Million is a 1966 heist comedy film , directed by William Wyler and starring Audrey Hepburn , Peter O'Toole , Eli Wallach and Hugh Griffith .
Yaare Koogadali ( Kannada : ಯಾರೇ ಕೂಗಾಡಲಿ ) is a 2012 Kannada action comedy film written and directed by Samuthirakani , starring Puneeth Rajkumar , Yogesh and Bhavana in the lead roles .
Owner Sophia ( Irene Papas ) refuses to allow them to stay at her inn , The Moon - Spinners , but Aunt Frances and Sophia 's teenage son Alexis ( Michael Davis ) persuade her into changing her mind .
Heart of an Actress ( French : Âme d'artiste ) is a 1924 French silent drama film directed by Germaine Dulac and starring Iván Petrovich , Nicolas Koline and Mabel Poulton .
Dayton 's Devils is a 1968 crime film starring Rory Calhoun , Leslie Nielsen and Lainie Kazan .
The Lone Wolf in London is a 1947 American crime film directed by Leslie Goodwins and starring Gerald Mohr , Nancy Saunders and Eric Blore .
Alias Jimmy Valentine was a 1928 American crime drama film directed by Jack Conway , and starring William Haines , Leila Hyams , Lionel Barrymore , and Karl Dane .
To Trap a Spy is the feature - length film version of the pilot episode of The Man from U.N.C.L.E. starring Robert Vaughn and David McCallum .
Cotton Queen , also known as Crying Out Loud , is a 1937 British comedy film directed by Bernard Vorhaus , and starring Stanley Holloway , Will Fyffe , and Mary Lawson .
Every Night at Eight is a 1935 American comedy musical film starring George Raft and Alice Faye and made by Walter Wanger Productions Inc. and Paramount Pictures .
Demoted is a 2011 American comedy film directed by J. B. Rogers and starring Michael Vartan , Sean Astin , Celia Weston and David Cross .
Romeo Ranjha is a 2014 Punjabi language Indian action comedy film Starring Jazzy B and Garry Sandhu written by Dheeraj Ratan , directed by Navaniat Singh , who also directed Singh vs Kaur .
Samsaram Adhu Minsaram ( English : ( lit . ) Family Life is like Electricity ) is a 1986 Tamil comedy drama film directed by Visu dealing about the day - to - day travesty and triumph in an ordinary joint family in Tamil Nadu .
It Happened in Athens is a 1962 Twentieth Century - Fox comedy - romance film starring Jayne Mansfield and newcomer Trax Colton .
Scared to Death ( 1947 ) is a thriller film directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Bela Lugosi .
Seventh Code is a 2013 Japanese action thriller film written and directed by Kiyoshi Kurosawa , starring Atsuko Maeda .
The Other Guys is a 2010 action comedy film directed and co - written by Adam McKay , starring Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg , and featuring Michael Keaton , Eva Mendes , Steve Coogan , Ray Stevenson , Dwayne Johnson and Samuel L. Jackson .
Suyamariyadhai ( English : Self - respect ) is a 1992 Tamil film , directed by R. Vijayganesh , starring Karthik and Pallavi in lead roles .
Lethal Weapon 4 is a 1998 American buddy cop action film directed and produced by Richard Donner , and starring Mel Gibson , Danny Glover , Joe Pesci , Rene Russo , Chris Rock and Jet Li ( in his American film debut ) .
1 a Minute is a docu - drama film written and directed by Indian American actress Namrata Singh Gujral , and is based on her own life and the lives of other women who suffered from cancer .
Urban Games ( Chinese : 城市游戏 ) is a 2014 Chinese - United States action - thriller film directed by Bob Brown and Zhang Peng and starring Shawn Dou and Michelle Chen .
The Newman Shame is a 1977 Australian TV film starring George Lazenby and produced by Robert Bruning who previously worked together on Is There Anybody There ? ( 1976 ) .
Freedom on Parole ( Danish : Frihed på prøve ) is a 2010 Danish comedy - drama written and directed by and starring Erik Clausen , Helene Egelund , Jesper Asholt , and Henrik Lykkegaard .
Country Town is a 1971 Australian drama film directed by Peter Maxwell , produced by Fenton Rosewarne and starring Terry McDermott , Gary Gray and Lynette Curran .
Journey to Shiloh is a 1968 Technicolor epic western film starring James Caan , Michael Sarrazin , Harrison Ford , Brenda Scott , Albert Popwell , Jan - Michael Vincent , Robert Pine and directed by William Hale .
Annai Bhoomi 3D is a 1985 Tamil - language Indian feature film starring Vijayakanth in lead role .
Lola 's Last Letter is a 2015 independent drama - comedy film written and directed by Valerie Brandy , starring Valerie Brandy , Annamarie Kenoyer , and Travis Quentin Young .
Caught in Trap , formerly known as Broken Bureau , is a 2014 Chinese crime thriller film directed by Lee Tso Nam and starring Bowie Lam , Che Xiao , Lee Qiang and Guo Wei .
Judge Not ; or The Woman of Mona Diggings is a 1915 American drama film starring Julia Dean and featuring Harry Carey .
Calvin Marshall is a 2009 coming of age - comedy film written and directed by Gary Lundgren and starring Alex Frost as the title character , a determined but talentless college baseball player , and Steve Zahn as his coach .
Three Roses is a 2003 Tamil action film directed by Parameswar featuring Rambha who produced the film along with Jyothika and Laila in the lead roles .
Bump Off Lover ( traditional Chinese : 愛殺17 ; simplified Chinese : 爱杀17 ; pinyin : Ai Sha 17 ; literally : `` love kill 17 '' ) is a 2006 Taiwanese drama starring Angela Chang .
Out of the Past ( released in the United Kingdom as Build My Gallows High ) is a 1947 film noir directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Robert Mitchum , Jane Greer , and Kirk Douglas .
Doctor Mordrid is a 1992 American fantasy film starring Jeffrey Combs .
The Last Company ( German : Die letzte Kompagnie ) is a 1930 German war film directed by Curtis Bernhardt and starring Conrad Veidt , Karin Evans and Erwin Kalser .
Thirumanassu is a 1995 Malayalam film by Aswathi Gopinath starring Saikumar , Charmila , Narendra Prasad , Dileep , K.R. Vijaya and Rajan P. Dev . The film was originally titled was Thiruvithamkoor Thirumanassu which caused controversy and the film makers were forced to change name as Thirumanassu .
The Danger Girl is a 1916 American silent comedy film directed by Clarence G. Badger and starring Bobby Vernon and Gloria Swanson .
Sonna Puriyathu ( English : You wo n't get it ; ) is a 2013 Indian Tamil comedy film directed by debutant Krishnan Jayaraj , a former associate of C. S. Amudhan It features Shiva and Vasundhara in the lead roles .
The Return of Draw Egan is a 1916 silent era western drama motion picture starring William S. Hart , Louise Glaum , Margery Wilson , Robert McKim , and J.P. Lockney .
Erich von Stroheim as The Great Gabbo Betty Compson as Mary Donald Douglas as Frank Marjorie Kane as Babe John F. Hamilton as Neighbour
Lay the Favorite ( promoted as Lay the Favourite in the UK ) is a 2012 American comedy film starring Bruce Willis , Rebecca Hall , Catherine Zeta - Jones and Joshua Jackson .
The Hireling is a 1973 British drama film directed by Alan Bridges , based on a 1957 novel by LP Hartley , which starred Robert Shaw and Sarah Miles .
Let the Bullets Fly ( simplified Chinese : 让子弹飞 ; traditional Chinese : 讓子彈飛 ; pinyin : Ràng Zǐ Dàn Fēi ; Jyutping : Joeng6 Zi2 Daan6 Fei1 ) is a 2010 action comedy film written and directed by Jiang Wen , based on a story by Ma Shitu ( 马识途 ) , a famous Sichuanese writer .
Poeten og Lillemor i forårshumør is a 1961 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Henning Moritzen .
Europa Report is a 2013 science fiction film directed by Sebastián Cordero , and starring Christian Camargo , Anamaria Marinca , Michael Nyqvist , Daniel Wu , Karolina Wydra , and Sharlto Copley .
Adventures on Kythera is an Australian children 's television series starring Amelia Frid and Rebekah Elmaloglou about children who have adventures on the Greek island of Kythera .
Seven Pounds is a 2008 American drama film , directed by Gabriele Muccino , in which Will Smith stars as a man who sets out to change the lives of seven people .
Sergeant Schwenke ( German : Oberwachtmeister Schwenke ) is a 1935 German drama film directed by Carl Froelich and starring Gustav Fröhlich , Marianne Hoppe and Karl Dannemann .
Sailing for Madagascar is a 2005 short film , written and directed by Tom Oesch , and starring Aimee Teegarden .
The Magnificent Tony Carrera ( Spanish : El magnífico Tony Carrera , German : Carrera - Das Geheimnis der blonden Katze , Italian : Il magnifico Tony Carrera ) is a 1968 Spanish - German - Italian Eurospy film written and directed by José Antonio de la Loma and starring Thomas Hunter .
After some time working on Engine 33 , Jack arrives at the scene of another vacant rowhouse fire , where a fellow firefighter from Ladder 49 , Dennis Gauquin ( Billy Burke ) , dies after falling through a roof of the building .
Dual Alibi is a 1947 British drama film directed by Alfred Travers and starring Herbert Lom , Phyllis Dixey and Terence De Marney .
Wolf Warriors ( Chinese : 战狼 ) is a 2015 Chinese 3D war action film directed by Wu Jing .
The Dark Past is a 1948 psychological thriller film noir directed by Rudolph Maté , and starring William Holden , Nina Foch , and Lee J. Cobb .
One Man 's Journey is a 1933 American Pre - Code drama film , starring Lionel Barrymore as Dr. Eli Watt .
Why He Gave Up is a 1911 American short silent comedy film starring Fred Mace and Mabel Normand .
The Iran Job is a documentary directed by Till Schauder and produced by Sara Nodjoumi about Kevin Sheppard , a professional American basketball player , as he plays in Shiraz , Iran for the A.S. Shiraz team ( since renamed B.A Shiraz BC ) in the Iranian Super League .
`` The second occurrence is in Acts 28:11 : the name of the ship in which the prisoner Paul set sail from the island of Malta bore the figurehead ' ' Sons of Zeus `` aka Castor and Pollux .
Julia Lennon ( née Stanley ; 12 March 1914 -- 15 July 1958 ) was the mother of English musician John Lennon , who was born during her marriage to Alfred Lennon .
Peleg 's son was Reu , born when Peleg was thirty , and he had other sons and daughters .
George Moreby Acklom ( 17 November 1870 -- 26 October 1959 ) , was a British writer , editor , literary adviser and critic based in New York City , principally with the publisher E.P. Dutton , and the father of the Hollywood actor David Manners .
Nest ferch Cadell was the daughter of Cadell ap Elisedd , an 8th - century King of Powys , the wife of Merfyn Frych , King of Gwynedd , and mother of Rhodri the Great , King of both Powys and Gwynedd .
Belle Case La Follette and Fola La Follette ( 1953 ) .
Francis Hamilton Wedgwood , JP , High Sheriff , ( 1867 - -1930 ) Clement Henry Wedgwood ( 1870 - -1871 ) died in infancy Josiah Clement Wedgwood , 1st Baron Wedgwood ( 1872 - -1943 ) Sir Ralph Wedgwood , 1st Baronet ( 1874 - -1956 ) 1st baronet , chief officer of the LNER for 16 years .
Most notable as the leader of the League of Assassins , Ra 's al Ghul is the son of Sensei , the father of Talia al Ghul , Nyssa Raatko , and Dusan al Ghul , and the grandfather of Damian Wayne .
Emilie Schenkl ( 26 December 1910 -- March 1996 ) was the wife , or companion , of Subhas Chandra Bose -- a major leader of Indian nationalism -- and the mother of their daughter , Anita Bose Pfaff ( born 29 November 1942 ) .
Birutė ( died 1382 ) was the second wife of Kęstutis , Grand Duke of Lithuania , and mother of Vytautas the Great .
Junius Spencer Morgan I ( April 14 , 1813 -- April 8 , 1890 ) was an American banker and financier and the father of J. P. Morgan .
With Erebus ( Darkness ) , Nyx gives birth to Aether ( Brightness ) and Hemera ( Day ) .
Francis Lenn Taylor ( December 28 , 1897 -- November 20 , 1968 ) was an American art dealer and father of the actress Elizabeth Taylor .
Walter Jacobson 's son , Peter Jacobson , is an actor who has appeared in the television programs Will & Grace , Law & Order , and House and films like Good Night , and Good Luck , Transformers and Failure to Launch .
His posthumous son , Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa Postumus , was named in his honor .
At first Sun Quan nominally served as a Wei vassal with the Wei - created title of King of Wu , but after Cao Pi demanded that he send his son Sun Deng as a hostage to the Wei capital Luoyang and he refused , in 222 , he declared himself independent by changing his era name .
Two of González ' sons work as professional wrestlers under the names Dr. Wagner , Jr. and Silver King and one of his grandsons made his wrestling debut in 2009 under the name El Hijo de Dr. Wagner , Jr. or Dr. Wagner III
Maria Louisa Bustill Robeson ( November 8 , 1853 -- January 20 , 1904 ) was a Quaker schoolteacher ; the wife of the Reverend William Drew Robeson of Witherspoon Street Presbyterian Church in Princeton , New Jersey and the mother of Paul Robeson and his siblings .
According to Gylfaginning , a book of Snorri Sturluson 's Prose Edda , Baldr 's wife is Nanna and their son is Forseti .
The Skar - cung pillar erected by Sadnalegs ( ruled c. 800 - 815 ) says that during the reign of Trisong Detsen , `` shrines of the Three Jewels were established by building temples at the centre and on the borders , Bsam - yas in Brag - mar and so on '' .
In about 560 , Thurisind died and was succeeded by his remaining son Cunimund , who was killed by Alboin in 567 .
He was the father of Peter Smith Hoe , Richard March Hoe ( 1812 - 1886 ) and Robert Hoe ( 1815 - 1884 ) .
With his first wife , cyclist Leontine van der Lienden , Jean - Paul van Poppel has two sons , Boy van Poppel who races for Trek - Segafredo and Danny van Poppel who races for Team Sky , and a daughter Kim .
Peisistratids is the common term for the three tyrants who ruled in Athens from 546 to 510 BC , namely Peisistratos and his two sons , Hipparchus and Hippias .
Sahle Selassie was the father of numerous sons , among them Haile Melekot , Haile Mikael , Seyfe Sahle Selassie , and Darge Sahle Selassie ; his daughters included Tenagnework , Ayahilush , Wossenyelesh , Birkinesh , and Tinfelesh .
Åsa Haraldsdottir of Agder ( died ca . 834 ? ) was a semi - legendary Norwegian Viking age Queen regnant of the petty kingdom Agder and mother of Halfdan the Black and grandmother of Harald Fairhair , according to the sagas of the Yngling clan .
Tangguldai , Duke of Fu Tabai , Duke of Fu Lady Giyamuhut Gioro ( 嘉穆瑚覺羅氏 ) ( given name Zhen'ge ( 真哥 ) ) , bore Nurhaci five children :
Lady Zhen laughed and replied , `` Why should I be worried when ( Cao ) Rui and the others are with Madam ( Lady Bian ) ? ''
Sir John Stanhope ( 1559 -- 1611 ) was an English knight and landowner , and father of Philip Stanhope , 1st Earl of Chesterfield .
Queen Paola of Belgium ( born Donna Paola Ruffo di Calabria on 11 September 1937 ) is the wife of the former King Albert II and was Queen of the Belgians from 1993 until his abdication in favour of their eldest child the current King Philippe of Belgium .
Yesugei Baghatur or Yesükhei ( Modern Mongolian : Есүхэй баатар , Yesukhei baatar ; died 1171 ) , was a major chief of the Khamag Mongol confederation and the father of Temüjin , later known as Genghis Khan .
Gerry Goffin was married to Carole King between 1959 and 1969 ; they had two daughters , singer - songwriter Louise Goffin and Sherry Goffin Kondor .
Around Year 15 or 16 of Smendes , Pinedjem I proclaimed himself pharaoh over Upper Egypt and his priestly role was inherited by his two sons Masaharta and Menkheperre .
Exclusive Native is the Sire of Triple Crown Winner Affirmed .
Andrea Heinemann Simon ( March 24 , 1909 -- February 15 , 1994 ) was a community leader and the mother of award - winning singer , Carly Simon .
Bhajan Lal was born on 6 October 1930 in Koranwali , Bahawalpur District , now in Punjab ( Pakistan)in a Marwari Bishnoi family . His family origionaly belongs to Manjhubas in Jodhpur , Rajasthan He has two sons , Chander Mohan Bishnoi and Kuldeep Bishnoi .
Along with Naved Jaffery and Bollywood actor Javed Jaffrey , Jagdeep has three more children- Hussein , Shakira Shafi and Suraiya- from his first wife , Naseem Begam .
Khuwaylid ibn Asad ( Arabic : خويلد بن أسد‎ ) was a man of Banu Quraysh and mainly recognised as being the father of Khadijah bint Khuwaylid , the wife of the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
Puente 's youngest son , Tito Puente , Jr. , has continued his father 's legacy by presenting many of the same songs in his performances and recordings , while daughter Audrey Puente is a television meteorologist for WNYW and WWOR - TV in New York City .
Chościsko ( Polish pronunciation : ( xɔɕˈtɕiskɔ ) ) is a legendary figure in a Polish prehistory , father of Piast the Wheelwright , the founder of the Piast dynasty .
Carl Joseph Begas , or Karl Begas , ( 30 September 1794 -- 24 November 1854 ) , was a German historical painter born at Heinsberg near Aachen .
The Prince Edward , Duke of Kent and Strathearn KG KP GCB GCH PC ( Edward Augustus ; 2 November 1767 -- 23 January 1820 ) was the fourth son and fifth child of King George III of the United Kingdom and the father of Queen Victoria .
Umm Farwah bint al - Qasim ( Arabic : أم فروة بنت القاسم‎ ) or Umm Farwah Fatimah was the wife Muhammad al - Baqir , and the mother of the sixth Imam , Ja'far al - Sadiq .
Rzepicha ( pronounced ( ʐɛˈpixa ) ) ( also Rzepka ) was the wife of the semi - legendary Piast the Wheelwright ( founder of the Piast dynasty ) and the mother of Siemowit .
Richard Shakespeare ( 1490 - -d . before 10 February 1561 ) was a husbandman of Snitterfield , Warwickshire , 4 miles ( 6.4 km ) north - northeast of Stratford - upon - Avon , the father of John Shakespeare and the grandfather of William Shakespeare .
Loukas Daralas ( Greek : Λουκάς Νταράλας ) ( 1927 - -1977 ) was born in Athens and is perhaps best known as the father of contemporary singer George Dalaras .
Aplahanda was succeeded by his son , Yatar - Ami .
Zeus made Arcesius ' line one of `` only sons '' : his only son was Laertes , whose only son was Odysseus , whose only son was Telemachus .
Autolycus , the Prince of Thieves , was a son of Hermes and Chione ( mortal ) and grandfather of Odysseus .
Gaius ( also known as Caligula ) , the emperor who succeeded Tiberius , was the son of Germanicus .
In the first marriage he was the father of Chief of Army Thord Bonde and colonel Carl Bonde , and in the latter Peder Bonde , chamberlain and active in the so called Wallenberg sphere .
Filippo Taglioni ( aka Philippe Taglioni ; 5 November 1777 -- 11 February 1871 ) was an Italian dancer and choreographer and personal teacher to his own daughter , the famous Romantic ballerina Marie Taglioni .
In the Book of Exodus , Kehath has four sons , Amram , Izhar , Hebron and Uzziel .
Éomer had met Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth , during his stay in Gondor , and they were soon we d . She bore him a son named Elfwine , known as `` Elfwine the Fair '' .
The Central Tower in San Francisco called also Spreckels Building , named for Claus Spreckels and John D. Spreckels .
Lieutenant ( later Colonel ) John Sharpe Griffith was a World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories .
Sir John Fastolf KG ( 1380 -- 5 November 1459 ) was an English knight during the Hundred Years War , who has enjoyed a more lasting reputation as the prototype , in some part , of Shakespeare 's Sir John Falstaff .
Charles Davis Jameson ( February 24 , 1827 -- November 6 , 1862 ) was an American Civil War general and Democratic Party candidate for Governor of Maine .
Horst von der Goltz ( born Franz Wachendorf in 1884 in Koblenz ) was a German counterintelligence agent during World War I ( WWI ) .
Henry Clay Taylor ( 4 March 1845 -- 26 July 1904 ) was a rear admiral in the United States Navy who served in the American Civil War and the Spanish--
Vice Admiral Ferdinand Louis Reichmuth ( April 11 , 1881 -- August 16 , 1978 ) was an officer of the United States Navy who served in World War I and World War II .
Samuel E. Lewis ( 1840 - March 22 , 1907 ) was a Corporal in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions in the American Civil War .
Abraham Krotoshinsky ( 1892 - -1953 ) was a United States Army soldier who received the Distinguished Service Cross in recognition of his actions as part of The Lost Battalion .
Hauptmann Horst - Günther von Fassong ( born 27 April 1919 in Kassel -- MIA 1 January 1945 ) was a German World War II Luftwaffe Flying ace .
Sergeant Arthur Ernest Newland DFM & Bar ( 1882 - -1964 ) was a British World War I observer ace credited with 22 victories .
Due to the fact that Major Cuthbert Bromley died during World War I his family would have also received the Dead Man 's Penny .
Heinrich - Wilhelm Ahnert was originally an intelligence officer and reconnaissance pilot , he flew missions during the Invasion of Poland and during the Battle of France .
Charles Piroth ( 1906 -- 15 March 1954 ) was a French artillery officer and veteran of the Italian Campaign during the Second World War , after which he served three tours in Vietnam during the First Indochina War .
Don Wemple ( October 14 , 1917 - June , 1944 ) was an American football player and a World War II veteran .
Erwan Bergot ( 27 January 1930 , Bordeaux -- 1 May 1993 ) was a French Army officer and author ; he served in the French Army during the First Indochina War and Algerian War .
Karl Jäckel ( 20 December 1913 , Gladbeck , Westphalia -- 7 December 1984 , Neubrandenburg ) was a German U - boat coxswain in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
From the early stages of World War I , Andranik commanded the first Armenian volunteer battalion and led them within the Russian Imperial army against the Ottoman Empire .
During World War I , Kingman Douglass served as a pilot with the 91st Aero Squadron , engaged in aerial observation and photographic intelligence .
Leon Berbecki ( 28 July 1875 , Lublin -- 23 March 1963 , Gliwice ) was a Polish army officer , who fought in the Russo - Japanese War and World War I with the Imperial Russian Army .
Leutnant Friedrich Friedrichs was a World War I fighter ace credited with 21 confirmed victories .
Gergely András Molnár ( 16 November 1897 -- 22 March 2006 ) was , at age 108 , the last Hungarian World War I veteran .
Antonios Miaoulis ( Greek : Αντώνιος Μιαούλης ; 1800 -- October 25 , 1836 ) was a Greek politician and a revolutionary leader during the Greek War of Independence .
Alfred Teumer ( 11 February 1918 -- 4 October 1944 ) was a German Luftwaffe flying ace during World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes ) .
Philippe Charles Tronson du Coudray ( September 8 , 1738 -- September 11 , 1777 ) was a French army officer who volunteered for service in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War .
Alexei Evert ( Russian : Алексей Эверт ; 4 March 1857 - 10 May 1926 ) was a Russian Imperial General in World War I , notable for his role as commander of the Russian Western Army Group in the Brusilov Offensive .
Frank J. Bart ( April 15 , 1883 -- March 31 , 1961 ) was a Medal of Honor recipient for World War I. Born in New York City , he entered service in Newark , New Jersey in the United States Army during World War I as a Private in Company C , 9th Infantry , 2nd Division .
Andrew Hull Foote ( September 12 , 1806 -- June 26 , 1863 ) was an American naval officer who was noted for his service in the American Civil War and also for his contributions to several naval reforms in the years prior to the war .
Donald E. Hillman ( August 24 , 1918 -- March 16 , 2012 ) was an American World War II flying ace and prisoner of war credited with five enemy aircraft destroyed .
Kurt Wahl ( 20 August 1914 -- 28 December 1988 ) was a Sturmbannführer ( Major ) in the Waffen - SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves ( German : Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub ) .
Marie François Rouyer ( 2 March 1765 -- 10 August 1824 ) was a French general during the Napoleonic Wars .
The M79 grenade launcher is a single - shot , shoulder - fired , break - action grenade launcher that fires a 40×46 mm grenade , which uses what the US Army calls the High - Low Propulsion System to keep recoil forces low , and first appeared during the Vietnam War .
Griffin Greene ( 1749 - -1804 ) served as a commissary , paymaster , and quartermaster to the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War .
SS Dakotan was a cargo ship built in 1912 for the American - Hawaiian Steamship Company that served as a transport ship in the United States Army Transport Service in World War I , and then was transferred to the Soviet Union under Lend - Lease in World War II before being finally scrapped in 1969 .
The Spencer repeating rifle was adopted by the Union Army , especially by the cavalry , during the American Civil War , but did not replace the standard issue muzzle - loading rifled muskets in use at the time .
Alfred Schulze - Hinrichs ( 6 November 1899 -- 23 June 1972 ) was a Kapitän zur See with the Kriegsmarine during World War II and a recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Robert T. Waugh ( died May 19 , 1944 ) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military 's highest decoration -- the Medal of Honor -- for his actions during the Battle of Monte Cassino in World War II .
James W. Larrabee ( 1839 -- December 30 , 1907 ) was a soldier in the Union Army and a Medal of Honor recipient for his actions during the Siege of Vicksburg in the American Civil War .
Fritz Biegi ( 18 January 1918 -- 16 March 1945 ) was a Standartenoberjunker in the Waffen SS during World War II who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross , an award for extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership by Nazi Germany during World War II .
John Durbin Ward ( February 11 , 1819 -- May 22 , 1886 ) was an Ohio lawyer , politician , newspaper publisher , and American Civil War officer .
The five Sullivan brothers were World War II sailors who , serving together on the USS Juneau ( CL-52 ) , were all killed in action on its sinking around November 13 , 1942 .
Karl Henke ( 22 July 1896 in Berlin -- 27 April 1945 in Neutief ) was an engineer officer in the Reichsheer during World War I , in the German inter - war army , the Reichswehr , and in the Wehrmacht .
General Sir Roger Hale Sheaffe , 1st Baronet ( 15 July 1763 -- 17 July 1851 ) was a Loyalist General in the British Army during the War of 1812 .
Private Harry Farr ( 1891 -- 18 October 1916 ) was a British soldier who was executed during World War I for cowardice at the age of 25 .
Erich Olboeter ( 26 July 1917 -- 2 September 1944 ) was a Sturmbannführer ( Major ) in the Waffen - SS during World War II , who was awarded the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
Brigadier General Alfred Judson Force Moody ( 4 March 1918 -- 19 March 1967 ) was a United States Army officer who served with SHAEF during World War II , and as the Assistant Division Commander of the 1st Cavalry Division during the Vietnam War .
Alfred Wolf ( 1923 - -1943 ) was a United States Navy sailor who distinguished himself in combat during World War II and later died in action .
Bradley Winslow ( August 1 , 1831 -- October 24 , 1914 ) was an American Civil War Union brevet brigadier general .
USS Sorrel ( 1864 ) was a small 68-ton steamer purchased by the Union Navy towards the end of the American Civil War .
Henry Svehla ( c. 1932 -- June 12 , 1952 ) was a United States Army soldier who on May 2 , 2011 was posthumously awarded the United States military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions in the Korean War .
USS Brockenborough ( 1862 ) was a sloop captured by the Union Navy during the American Civil War .
Julius Ellsberry ( 1922 -- December 7 , 1941 ) was the first Alabamian killed in World War II , and one of the first Americans to die in the Pacific during World War II .
Pierre - Louis Binet de Marcognet ( 14 November 1765 -- 19 December 1854 ) joined the French army in 1781 as an officer cadet and fought in the American Revolutionary War .
The U.S. Navy chartered Crest in 1917 for World War I service and commissioned her as USS Crest ( SP-339 ) on 8 May 1917 with Lieutenant , junior grade , P. C. Shea , USNRF , in command .
José Santos Ramírez ( c. 1790 - 1851 ) was an Argentine soldier for a long time in the militia of Mendoza Province , and was involved on the Federalist side in several of the Argentine Civil Wars .
William Babcock Hazen ( September 27 , 1830 -- January 16 , 1887 ) was a career United States Army officer who served in the Indian Wars , as a Union general in the American Civil War , and as Chief Signal Officer of the U.S. Army .
The Mark 15 torpedo , the standard American destroyer - launched torpedo of World War II , was very similar in design to the Mark 14 torpedo except that it was longer , heavier , and had greater range and a larger warhead .
General Nisbet Balfour ( Dunbog , 1743 - -10 October 1823 , Dunbog ) was a British soldier in the American Revolutionary War and later a Scottish Member of parliament ( MP ) in the British Parliament .
Lancelot de Saint - Maard ( died 1278 ) was the fourteenth marshal of France at the time of the Eighth Crusade in 1270 .
Second Lieutenant Edward Darby DSM ( born 7 March 1888 , date of death unknown ) was a World War I flying ace credited with six aerial victories .
Munshi Abdur Rouf ( Bengali : মুন্সী আবদুর রউফ ; 1 May 1943 -- 18 April 1971 ) was a Lance Nayek in the East Pakistan Rifles during the Bangladesh Liberation War .
Alfred Gibbs ( April 22 , 1823 -- December 26 , 1868 ) was a career officer in the United States Army ( Regular Army ) who served as a brigadier general in the Union Army during the American Civil War ( `` Civil War '' ) .
William High Keim ( June 13 , 1813 -- May 18 , 1862 ) was a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania , as well as a general in the Union Army during the American Civil War .
Karl Litzmann ( January 22 , 1850 , Neuglobsow , Stechlin , Brandenburg -- May 28 , 1936 , Neuglobsow , Stechlin , Germany ) was a German World War I general and later Nazi Party member and state politician .
Francisco Ballesteros , ( 1770 in Zaragoza -- June 29 , 1832 in Paris ) emerged as a career Spanish General during the Peninsular War .
Theodor Weissenberger ( 21 December 1914 -- 11 June 1950 ) was a German Luftwaffe military aviator during World War II and a fighter ace credited with 208 enemy aircraft shot down in 375 combat missions .
Major Karl - Heinz Greisert ( 2 February 1908 -- 22 July 1942 ) was German World War II Luftwaffe Ace and a Geschwaderkommodore of JG 2 and recipient of the German Cross in Gold on 5 June 1942 .
Günther Pulst ( 26 March 1918 in Braunschweig -- 5 January 1991 in Bonn ) was a German U - boat commander in World War II and recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Iron Cross .
General Sir Kenneth Arthur Noel Anderson , KCB , MC ( 25 December 1891 -- 29 April 1959 ) was a senior British Army officer who saw service in both World War I and World War II . He is mainly remembered as the commander of the First Army during Operation Torch , the Allied invasion of North Africa .
The Alpine Line was unsuccessfully attacked by Italian forces during the Italian invasion of France in 1940 .
Paul Rand Dixon ( 1913 - 1996 ) was a decorated World War II veteran , chairman and commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission of the United States from 1961 to 1969 and again briefly in 1976 .
Thomas Hoban ( born September 11 , 1872 ) was a coxswain serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish-- American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Étienne de Vignolles ( French pronunciation : ​(etjɛn də viɲɔlə ) ) , called La Hire ( French : ( la iʁ ) ; Préchacq - les - Bains , Landes , 1390 -- 11 January 1443 in Montauban ) , was a French military commander during the Hundred Years ' War .
Billy Walkabout ( March 31 , 1949 -- March 7 , 2007 ) is thought to be the most decorated Native American soldier of the Vietnam War .
Friedrich Körner ( 24 January 1921 -- 3 September 1998 ) was a World War II Luftwaffe Flying ace .
The Lorenz rifle was the third most widely used rifle during the American Civil War .
NGC 7673 is a disturbed spiral galaxy located in the constellation Pegasus .
G 240 - 72 ( or WD 1748 + 708 , or LHS 455 , or GJ 1221 ) is a nearby degenerate star ( white dwarf ) of spectral class DQP9.0 , located in constellation Draco .
WISE J2209 + 2711 is a brown dwarf of spectral type Y0 : , located in constellation Pegasus at 22 light - years from Earth .
Chi Virginis ( χ Vir , χ Virginis ) is a double star in the constellation Virgo .
OGLE - TR-10 is a distant , magnitude 16 star in the constellation of Sagittarius .
HD 48265 is the Henry Draper Catalogue designation for a star in the southern constellation Puppis .
IC 4651 is an open cluster of stars located about 2,900 light years distant in the constellation Ara .
Epsilon Eridani b or AEgir is a confirmed extrasolar planet approximately 10 light - years away orbiting the star Epsilon Eridani , in the constellation of Eridanus ( the River ) .
3 Ceti ( 3 Cet ) is an orange giant star in the constellation Cetus .
NGC 4262 is a galaxy located in the constellation of Coma Berenices .
HD 20868 is a low - mass K type star in the southern constellation Fornax .
Struve 1694 ( Σ 1694 , Struve 1694 ) is a star in the constellation Camelopardalis .
The Antennae Galaxies , also known as NGC 4038/NGC 4039 , are a pair of interacting galaxies in the constellation Corvus .
66 Aquarii ( abbreviated 61 Aqr ) is a star in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
Epsilon Ursae Minoris ( ε UMi , ε Ursae Minoris ) is a triple star system in the constellation Ursa Minor .
Gamma Lupi ( γ Lupi , γ Lup ) is a 3rd - magnitude , B - type blue giant star in the constellation of Lupus .
HD 77370 , also called b² Carinae ( b² Car ) , is a star in the constellation Carina .
Kappa Leporis ( κ Lep ) is a class B7V ( blue main - sequence ) star in the constellation Lepus .
HD 114762 is a binary star system approximately 132 light - years ( 40.6 pc ) away in the constellation Coma Berenices .
F Centauri ( F Cen ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
Gliese 268 ( QY Aurigae ) is a RS Canum Venaticorum variable star in the Auriga constellation .
Prawn Nebula , IC 4628 , is an emission nebula located around 6000 light - years from Earth in the constellation of Scorpius .
3C 9 is a lobe - dominated quasar located in the constellation Pisces .
Epsilon Lupi ( ε Lup ) is a multiple star system in the southern constellation of Lupus .
Zeta Cephei ( ζ Cep , ζ Cephei ) is a star in the constellation of Cepheus .
BP Boötis is a Alpha² Canum Venaticorum variable star in the constellation Boötes .
Messier 30 ( also known as M30 or NGC 7099 ) is a globular cluster of stars in the southern constellation of Capricornus .
Gliese 806 is a red dwarf star in the constellation of Cygnus , located roughly 41 light years from the Sun . The star is suspected to host a substellar companion yet unconfirmed .
HD 180902 is a K - type star HD 180902 approximately 359 light years away in the constellation Sagittarius .
Alpha Circini ( α Cir , α Circini ) is a variable star in the faint , southern , circumpolar constellation of Circinus .
HD 154672 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 210 light - years away in the constellation of Ara , orbiting the metal - rich and aged star HD 154672 .
IC 2602 , also known as the Theta Carinae Cluster or Southern Pleiades , is an open cluster in the constellation Carina .
Westerhout 31 , also known as W31 , is a complex of star formation regions of the Milky Way located in the constellation of Sagittarius .
15 Ursae Majoris ( 15 UMa ) is a star in the constellation Ursa Major .
Delta Piscium ( Delta Psc , δ Piscium , δ Psc ) is a binary star in the constellation Pisces , with an apparent magnitude of + 4.43 .
NGC 122 is a non - existent object historically located in the constellation Cetus .
The Bayer designation Psi Piscium ( ψ Psc , ψ Piscium ) is shared by three star systems in the constellation Pisces :
HD 102117 is a magnitude 7 yellow dwarf star ( spectral type G6V ) about 130 light years from Earth in the constellation of Centaurus .
HD 68988 b is a hot jupiter located approximately 192 light - years away in the constellation of Ursa Major , orbiting the star HD 68988 in a moderately eccentric orbit .
Gamma Pyxidis ( Gamma Pyx , γ Pyxidis , γ Pyx ) is a 4th magnitude star in the constellation Pyxis .
IC 447 is a reflection nebula in the constellation Monoceros .
Westerhout 43 , also known as W43 , is a region of star formation of our galaxy located in the constellation of Aquila at a distance of 6 kilo - parsecs ( nearly 20,000 light - years ) of the Sun , that is considered the region of the Milky Way that is most actively forming stars .
HD 34445 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the G - type star HD 34445 , located approximately 152 light years away in the constellation Orion .
HR 8832 ( or HD 219134 , or Gliese 892 ) is a main sequence star in the constellation of Cassiopeia .
HAT - P-13 , also known as GSC 03416 - 00543 , is a G - type main sequence star approximately 700 light - years away in the constellation Ursa Major .
HD 38283 b is an extrasolar planet , orbiting the 7th magnitude F - type main - sequence star HD 38283 , 123 light years away in the constellation Mensa .
11 Comae Berenices ( 11 Com ) is an orange giant K0 III star in the constellation of Coma Berenices , located in the sky , east and slightly north of Denebola in Leo , but not nearly as far east as Vindemiatrix in Virgo .
2 Cygni ( 2 Cyg ) is a star in the constellation Cygnus .
The Whirlpool Galaxy , also known as Messier 51a , M51a , or NGC 5194 , is an interacting grand - design spiral galaxy with a Seyfert 2 active galactic nucleus in the constellation Canes Venatici .
Kappa Cancri ( κ Cnc , κ Cancri ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
Epsilon Tauri b ( abbreviated ε Tauri b or ε Tau b ) , also named Amateru , is an extrasolar planet approximately 147 light - years away in the constellation of Taurus .
HD 68988 is an 8th magnitude G - type star located approximately 192 light - years away in Ursa Major constellation .
NGC 59 is a lenticular galaxy in the constellation Cetus .
HD 23079 is a star approximately 114 light years away in the constellation Reticulum .
NGC 4625 is a distorted dwarf galaxy in the constellation Canes Venatici .
Zeta Tauri ( ζ Tau , ζ Tauri , Shurnarkabti - sha - shūtū ) is a binary star in the zodiac constellation Taurus , the Bull .
SGR 1627 - 41 , is a soft gamma repeater ( SGR ) , located in the constellation of Ara .
The meteors have , however , an atmosphere entry speed of about 70 km / s . The Radiant of the Pegasids is in the constellation of Pegasus , around 5 degrees to the west of the star α Pegasi .
Phi Sagittarii ( Phi Sgr , φ Sagittarii , φ Sgr ) is a star in the southern constellation of Sagittarius .
1 Serpentis ( 1 Ser ) is a star in the constellation Virgo .
Theta Trianguli Australis ( θ TrA , θ Trianguli Australis ) is a star in the constellation Triangulum Australe .
Mu Lupi ( μ Lup ) is a star in the constellation Lupus .
NGC 98 is a barred spiral galaxy in the Phoenix constellation .
The pulsar PSR B0950 + 08 seems to have come from a supernova that occurred in Leo 1.8 million years ago .
HD 201507 is a F - type subgiant in Equuleus .
NGC 6072 is a type I nebulae in the constellation Scorpius .
58 Eridani is a main - sequence star in the constellation Eridanus .
NGC 3310 is a grand design spiral galaxy in the constellation Ursa Major .
40 Boötis ( 40 Boo , 40 Bootis ) is a star in the constellation Boötes .
HD 191104 is a triple star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquila .
89 Aquarii ( abbreviated 89 Aqr ) is a binary star system in the equatorial constellation of Aquarius .
U Equulei ( U Equ / IRAS 20547 + 0247 ) is a variable star in the constellation of Equuleus of an apparent magnitude of + 14.50 in the B band .
23 Arietis ( abbreviated 23 Ari ) is a star in the constellation of Aries .
Nu Pegasi ( Nu Peg ) is a star in the constellation Pegasus .
NGC 2818 is a planetary nebula located in the southern constellation Pyxis ( The Compass ) .
NGC 7777 is a lenticular galaxy ( S0 galaxy ) in the constellation of Pegasus .
4U 0142 + 61 is a magnetar at an approximate distance of 13000 light - years from Earth , located in the constellation Cassiopeia .
NGC 1 is a spiral galaxy SbbPa Ring located 190 million light - years away in the constellation Pegasus .
HD 20782 b is an extrasolar planet located approximately 117 light - years away in the constellation of Fornax , orbiting the star HD 20782 .
R Boötis is a Mira variable in the constellation Boötes .
Gamma Coronae Borealis ( γ CrB ) is a star in the constellation Corona Borealis .
OTS 44 is a free - floating planetary - mass object or brown dwarf located approximately 550 light - years ( 170 pc ) away in the constellation Chamaeleon .
ADS 16402 is a binary star system , composed of two sun - like stars located 450 light - years away in the constellation Lacerta .
Messier 73 ( M73 , also known as NGC 6994 ) is an asterism of four stars in the constellation of Aquarius .
HIP 5158 b is an extrasolar planet which orbits the K - type main sequence star HIP 5158 , located approximately 130 light years away in the constellation Cetus .
30 Monocerotis ( 30 Mon ) is a star in the constellation Hydra .
Phi Persei ( Phi Per , φ Persei , φ Per ) is a Class B2Vpe , fourth - magnitude star in the constellation Perseus .
The Wild Duck Cluster ( also known as Messier 11 , or NGC 6705 ) is an open cluster in the constellation Scutum .
SN 1999eu was a type IIP supernova that happened in NGC 1097 in the constellation Fornax .
Chi Cancri ( χ Cnc , χ Cancri ) is a star in the constellation Cancer .
HD 32188 is suspected variable star in the northern constellation of Auriga .
HD 110073 ( Bayer designation l Cen / l Centauri ) is a star in the constellation Centaurus .
Kyustendil Ridge ( Bulgarian : Кюстендилски хребет , `` Kyustendilski Hrebet '' \kyu - sten-'dil - ski ' hre - bet\ ) is a partly ice - free ridge rising to 1,700 m ( 5,600 ft ) on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land , Antarctica .
Batu Tiga is a suburb in Subang Jaya , Selangor , Malaysia .
Ahmed Tawfik ( Arabic : أحمد توفيق‎ ) ( born on 1 October 1991 in Kafr Saqr , Sharqia , Egypt ) is an Egyptian footballer .
Ice Pilots NWT ( known in the UK and the US as Ice Pilots ) was a reality television series broadcast on History Canada that portrayed Buffalo Airways , an airline based in Yellowknife , Northwest Territories , Canada .
Aswin J Kumar of The Times of India rated the film 3.5 out of 5 and said , `` Neram has a romantic charm , an exciting trait which infuses it with a good measure of likability . ''
Viva Erotica ( Chinese : 色情男女 ) is a 1996 Hong Kong film directed by Derek Yee and Lo Chi - Leung .
Also known as Cơm tấm Sài Gòn ( Saigon - style broken rice ) , particularly served in southern Vietnam , in Saigon .
Kas is available in Spain , Mexico and France , and was available in Brazil and Argentina during the 1990s .
Shortland Street is a New Zealand prime - time soap opera centring on the fictitious Shortland Street Hospital , first broadcast on Television New Zealand 's TV2 on 25 May 1992 .
The RPG-26 Aglen is a disposable anti - tank rocket launcher developed by the Soviet Union .
Shell Quiz , known in its latest iteration as Shell Quiz on the Road , is a televised upper - secondary school quiz competition in Thailand which was broadcast from 1965 to 2009 .
Nordman toured in Sweden , more or less nonstop for a year .
Journey to Le Mans was released in a limited number of cinemas across the United Kingdom for one night only , which included a Q&A with cast and crew .
HammerFall is a Swedish heavy metal band from Gothenburg , Sweden .
SEA Signalisation is a French company which products traffic lights and sells them all over France .
Chartrand et Simonne is a French - Canadian television mini - series which aired in 2000 , exclusively on Radio - Canada .
Karkú is a Chilean teen television series , co - produced by My Friend Entertainment and Televisión Nacional de Chile ( TVN ) .
Pane di Altamura is a type of bread made from durum flour from the Altamura area of the Provincia di Bari , in the South East of Italy .
Frazzles are a bacon - flavour corn - based snack sold in the United Kingdom , once manufactured by Smiths , now by Walkers .
Blueprint for Disaster is a Canadian documentary television series that premiered in 2004 on Discovery Channel Canada .
The Almighty Johnsons is a New Zealand fantasy comedy / drama television series , which was created by James Griffin and Rachel Lang and is produced by South Pacific Pictures and aired from 7 February 2011 to 23 September 2013 .
The first poster of Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi was released in October in theatres and multiplexes across India , with full - page advertisements in national dailies .
The Panabas is a large , forward - curved sword or battle axe used by certain ethnic groups in the southern Philippines .
Teacher 's Highland Cream is a brand of blended scotch whisky produced in Glasgow , Scotland , by Beam Suntory , the US - headquartered subsidiary of Suntory Holdings of Osaka , Japan .
Kaak also known as Pathhar ki roti ( English : Stone bread ) is a native dish of the province of Balochistan , Pakistan .
Connie the Cow ( known as La Vaca Connie in its country of origin , Spain ) is a Spanish children 's television series created by Josep Viciana .
Le Jeu de la Mort ( The Game of Death ) is a French / Swiss television documentary that was broadcast by the French public television channel France 2 .
Orange Roughies is a New Zealand television drama created by Auckland - based film company Screenworks , the first season of which was screened on TV ONE from May to July 2006 .
NPO 1 ( formerly Nederland 1 Dutch pronunciation : ( ˌneːdərlɑnt ˈeːn ) until 2014 ) is the first national television station in the Netherlands , it launched on 2 October 1951 .
1 Girl 5 Gays , sometimes abbreviated as 1g5 g , was a Canadian talk show that premiered on October 14 , 2009 on MTV Canada .
Flowering Nettle and its continuation The way out are partly autobiographical and show the hard und unsafe existence of an orphan child in the poor Sweden of the beginning of the 20th century .
Shark in the Park was a New Zealand television drama series .
Richmond Hill had also been successfully sold to ITV in the UK , and was rating in the high-20 's in Australia , so it was a huge gamble by Ten to axe it and replace it with the untried E Street .
Rasin is a musical style that began in Haiti in the 1970s when musicians began combining elements of traditional Haitian Vodou ceremonial and folkloric music with rock and roll .
A Generation is set in Wola , a working - class section of Warsaw , in 1942 and tells the stories of two young men at odds with the Germans occupation of Poland .
Filmed in a Mennonite colony close to Cuauhtémoc , Chihuahua State , Northern Mexico , Silent Light tells the story of a Mennonite married man who falls in love with another woman , threatening his place in the conservative community .
Goonga Pehelwan ( from Hindi गूंगा पहलवान , meaning Mute wrestler ) is a documentary film on the life and struggles of Virender Singh , one of India 's most accomplished deaf athletes .
Sandwiches de miga are popular food items in Argentina where they are consumed mainly at parties .
The Sharon Cuneta Show ( also known as `` TSCS '' ) was a Sunday night musical variety show that starred the Philippines ' megastar Sharon Cuneta .
The Projected Man was released in the United Kingdom by Compton - Cameo Films Ltd in the summer of 1966 under an X - certificate , which indicated it was suitable only for those aged 16 and older .
Harput meatballs ( Turkish : Harput köftesi ) this meatball originated from the Eastern Anatolian city of Harput ( today Elazığ , in Turkey ) .
Adventure Inc. is a dramatised adventure television series produced primarily in Canada which aired from 30 September 2002 to 12 May 2003 .
Akkad Bakkad Bambey Bo is a television series that originally aired on STAR Plus channel , and later was syndicated on Disney Channel India .
Gods of Honour is a Hong Kong television series adapted from the novel Fengshen Bang ( also known as Investiture of the Gods or Creation of the Gods ) , a Chinese vernacular classic written by Xu Zhonglin and Lu Xixing .
Cozido ( European Portuguese : ( kuˈziðu ) or Brazilian Portuguese : ( kuˈzidu ) ) is a traditional stew of different meats and vegetables , with numerous regional variations throughout Portugal .
Snow Queen Vodka is a vodka from Kazakhstan produced from organic wheat and artesian spring water from the foothills of the Himalayas .
Nethaji ( Sarath Kumar ) , an honest journalist , runs a newspaper called ' India ' .
The Daniel Cremieux Company was founded in 1976 in France by their eponymous namesake and is currently headed by his son Stéphane Cremieux .
One Man and His Dog is a BBC television series in the United Kingdom featuring sheepdog trials , originally presented by Phil Drabble , with commentary by Eric Halsall and , later , by Ray Ollerenshaw .
The Up - Late Game Show was a late night interactive television quiz program shown in Australia on Network Ten , written and hosted by Big Brother Australia 2005 contestant Simon Deering , commonly known by the nickname Hotdogs .
Oi Vasiliades ( Greek : Οι Βασιλιάδες , `` the Kings '' ) is a Greek - language daily family - comedy telenovela produced by Greece 's Mega Channel and premiere January 8 , 2012 .
Cash in the Attic , also Cash in the Celebrity Attic , was a United Kingdom television show on the BBC .
Paheli ( Devanagari : पहेली , Riddle ) is a Bollywood fantasy film , which released in India on 24 June 2005 .
Ace Lightning is a British and Canadian children 's television series co - produced by the BBC and Alliance Atlantis , which originally broadcast in the United Kingdom but was also aired in other countries including the United States , Australia , New Zealand and South Africa .
The Finished People grossed $ 75,431 at the box office in Australia .
The Filth Files is a New Zealand based documentary series that follows the work of a team of Public Health Officers .
Kẹo dừa is a Vietnamese cuisine coconut candy most commonly produced in Bến Tre province , Vietnam with coconut milk and coconut cream .
Comfort and Indifference ( French : Le confort et l'indifférence ) is a 1981 documentary film by Denys Arcand , offering an analysis of the 1980 Quebec referendum , in which `` sovereignty - association '' was defeated as a first step to eventual secession from Canada .
Xynisteri ( also spelled xynistery , xinisteri , xynisterin ; Greek : ξυνιστέρι ή ξυνιστέριν ) is an indigenous white grape grown on Cyprus .
Imarti or Jhangri is a dessert popular in India and other countries of the Indian Subcontinent .
Gary the Goat was bought by Jimbo for a carton of beer in Gingin , Western Australia in December 2011 and since then the pair have been touring Australia , with some small breaks .
The Last Proletarians of Football was praised in Sweden as well as abroad , and received favorable reviews in all the major Swedish newspapers .
Campa Cola is a soft drink brand in India .
Nachos are a Tex - Mex dish from northern Mexico .
The Voice of Poland is part of the international syndication The Voice based on the reality singing competition launched in the Netherlands as The Voice of Holland , created by Dutch television producer John de Mol .
Siti Akbari is a 1940 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) directed by Joshua and Othniel Wong and produced by Tan Khoen Yauw .
Pain aux raisins ( French pronunciation : ​(pɛ̃ o ʁɛ.zɛ̃ ) ) , is a breakfast food often eaten in France that is directly translated to raisin bread .
Rentjong Atjeh ( Perfected Spelling : Rencong Aceh ; meaning Rencong of Aceh ) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies directed by The Teng Chun .
A critic from the Times of India noted `` Ragalaipuram is a textbook example of how to make a lowest common denominator entertainer . ''
Prawn crackers are a common snack food throughout Southeast Asia , but most closely associated with Indonesia and Malaysia .
The Twins Effect , also known as Vampire Effect in the United States , is a 2003 Hong Kong film directed by Dante Lam and Donnie Yen .
Życie was an illustrated weekly established in 1897 and published in Kraków and Lwów in the Austrian partition of Poland .
The past is always present in the life of Lyiza who has to live with the traumatic memory of her parents '' murder , during the genocide in Rwanda .
Italia domanda ( literally Italy question ) is an Italian late night television talk show hosted by the Italian journalist Cesara Buonamici and is broadcast on Canale 5 since 2013 .
During the time he was compiling the Kalevala he was the district health officer based in Kajaani responsible for the whole Kainuu region in the eastern part of what was then the Grand Duchy of Finland .
Nadie me dirá como quererte , is a Venezuela telenovela produced by Leonor Sardi for Radio Caracas Televisión in 2008 .
In February 2010 , Fiama Di Wills collaborated with Disney India to create a limited - edition pack called `` Fiama Di Wills Shine in Style like Hannah Montana '' , containing a sampling of Fiama Di Wills products with a set of Hannah Montana branded hair and fashion accessories .
Slow Cow is a relaxation beverage produced in Quebec , Canada by the company Slow Cow Drink Inc. Dubbed an `` anti - energy '' drink , it was created to `` help people slow down '' and parodied Red Bull by using packaging similar to that of the popular energy drink .
Polen - rundschau is the first and only German language newspaper published countrywide in Poland since the Second World War .
On the Mat was a professional wrestling television program for the National Wrestling Alliance - affiliated All Star Pro - Wrestling ( ASPW ) , or simply NWA New Zealand , that aired on Television New Zealand 's TV2 from 1975 to 1984 .
Wings of Evolution is a 2007 documentary film about the revolutionary educational system of the Siragu Montessori School , a school for homeless and underprivileged children , located in the outskirts of Chennai in Tamil Nadu , India .
Omni News ( styled as OMNI News ) was the name of national and local newscasts in various languages on the Omni Television system in Canada .
100 Great Welsh Women is a collection of short biographies of prominent women from Wales , or of Welsh origin , published in 2001 by Terry Breverton .
Half Human , originally released in Japan as Jūjin Yuki Otoko ( 獣人雪男 , lit . `` Monster Snowman '' ) , is a tokusatsu film produced and released by Toho Film Productions Ltd. in 1955 .
Mists premiered at the 60th Venice Film Festival ( New Territories -- 2003 ) , was released in Portugal on 16 November 2006 and opened in New York at the Quad Cinema on March 23 , 2011 , event followed by other screenings outside the city .
Ikan goreng is very popular in Indonesia .
Kirk Pengilly ( born 4 July 1958 , Melbourne , Victoria , Australia ) is an Australian musician , best known as a member of the Australian rock group INXS .
Igualita a mí is a film Argentina comedy from 2010 directed by Diego Kaplan . This starring Florencia Bertotti and Adrián Suar .
One of the world 's most famous artists from Serbia , Emina Jahović Sandal was announced as the first official judge and coach of The Voice Srbija .
Orecchiette ( Italian pronunciation : ( orekˈkjɛtte ) ; singular orecchietta ; from Italian orecchia , meaning `` ear '' , and -etta , meaning `` small '' ) is a variety of home - made pasta typical of Apulia , a region of southern Italy .
No Atlas ( originally called Metropolis ) released their debut EP Where People Have Been in 2013 and their popularity rose in the United Kingdom with the release of their single , `` I Do n't Wanna '' ( 2013 ) .
Shree 420 was the highest grossing film of 1955 , and the song `` Mera Joota Hai Japani '' ( `` My Shoes are Japanese '' ) , sung by Mukesh , became popular and a patriotic symbol of the newly independent India .
Aashayein was shot on locations in Puducherry and Hyderabad , India .
Hard Spell is a United Kingdom televised spelling bee programme for children between the ages of eleven and fourteen , presented by Eamonn Holmes , with Nina Hossain reading the words .
Cave of Forgotten Dreams is a 2010 3D documentary film by Werner Herzog about the Chauvet Cave in southern France , which contains the oldest human - painted images yet discovered .
Kavya Christopher of the The Times of India gave the album a rating of one out of five and said , `` The number of songs for Ragini IPS has been restricted to two , and it is undoubtedly one of the wisest decisions taken by whosoever has done that . ''
Sztandar Socjalizmu ( ' Standard of Socialism ' ) was a Polish newspaper , founded in December 1918 as the main press organ of the Communist Workers Party of Poland .
Gâteau Basque is a traditional dessert from the Basque region of France .
The Fearless Hyena is a 1979 Hong Kong kung fu film directed by and starring Jackie Chan .
Mie celor ( meaning : celor noodle ) , is a noodle dish served in coconut milk soup and shrimp - based broth , specialty of Palembang city , South Sumatra , Indonesia .
The Thomson MO6 was an 6809E - based computer introduced in France in 1986 .
Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur is an Irish cream , Irish whiskey , and chocolate based liqueur produced in Ireland by Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur Limited .
Au nom de la loi ( `` In The Name of the Law '' ) is a limited - run Quebecois téléroman series on Radio - Canada , seen from September 15 , 2005 to November 17 , 2005 .
In Germany , Sumurun was highly praised by contemporary critics and was described as `` a cinematic journey into a universe of emotions and passions of great intensity and utter perfection , with a remarkable Ernst Lubitsch in one of the main roles . ''
No Mercy for the Rude was released in South Korea on 24 August 2006 , and on its opening weekend was ranked second at the box office with 269,308 admissions .
Aniruddha Guha of DNA India gave the movie 3/5 , saying that `` Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi demands little of you and delivers enough for you to not grudge spending time and money on it . ''
Future Cops ( Chinese : 超級學校霸王 ; literal title : Super - School Tyrant ) is a 1993 Hong Kong action - comedy film loosely based on the Street Fighter video game franchise , starring an ensemble cast of Andy Lau , Jacky Cheung , Aaron Kwok , Chingmy Yau , Dicky Cheung and Simon Yam .
Súper Sábado Sensacional ( originally named Sábado Espectacular in 1968 , renamed Sábado Sensacional in 1971 ) is a Spanish - language variety show created in Venezuela , and established on Radio Caracas Television in 1968 .
Supersense is a six - part nature documentary television series produced by the BBC Natural History Unit , originally broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC1 in 1988 .
Vampyros Lesbos was released in July 15 , 1971 in Germany and in Spain in 1973 where it was a popular with audiences in Europe .
The Seventh Brother ( Hungarian : A hetedik testvér ; German : Bobo und die Hasenbande ) is a 1991 animated film for children made and produced at Hungary 's Pannonia Film Studio .
The name `` Jacek i Agatka '' has been used for the names of many kindergartens of Poland .
Pancit Malabon is a Filipino dish that is a type of pancit , or stir - fried noodle dish , which originated in Malabon City , Metro Manila , Philippines .
Shaolin Wooden Men ( Chinese : 少林木人巷 ) ( Shao Lin mu ren xiang ) is a 1976 Hong Kong action film , directed by Chen Chi - Hwa .
Sirasa Superstar is a musical reality show conducted in Sri Lanka by the TV channel Sirasa TV .
Idea Zee Cinestars was a popular talent - hunt reality show that began its second season after the success of its first season show India 's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj on Zee TV channel in 2006 .
140 Days Under the World is a 1964 New Zealand short documentary film about Antarctica .
Kudiattam is a 1986 documentary film on 2000-year - old Sanskrit drama tradition of Kerala state of India , Kutiyattam .
The Contrarians is an Australian television news and commentary program broadcast weekly on Sky News Australia throughout the week .
Spanisch Brötli ( Spanish bun , also known as Spanisch Brödli , Spanischbrötli or Spanischbrödli ) is a speciality pastry from Baden , Switzerland .
Miguelitos are a type of cake made in La Roda , in Castile - La Mancha , Spain .
Jargo is a 2004 coming of age film about a young man who experiences culture shock from moving from Saudi Arabia to Germany .
Mind Over Maddie is an Australian family television series that airs on Disney Channel Australia .
Les Hauts et les bas de Sophie Paquin ( The Highs and Lows of Sophie Paquin ) is a Canadian television comedy - drama series , which premiered on Radio - Canada in 2006 .
In 2006 Aux Raus released the album This Is How This Works in Mexico on the Nuevos Ricos label , and the following year in the Netherlands on the Amsterdam record label Fear Recordings .
SportsNight with James Bracey is an Australian television sports news and commentary program broadcast 4 nights weekly on Sky News Australia , hosted by James Bracey .
Mornings @ ANC is the flagship morning news and talk program of ABS - CBN News Channel in the Philippines .
The Day Shall Dawn was very much a co - production between the two halves of what was then a geographically divided Pakistani state ( now independent Pakistan and Bangladesh ) .
The Spooky Bunch ( 小姐撞到鬼 aka . 撞到正 ) is a 1980 Hong Kong movie directed by Ann Hui .
Lae Sar ( Burmese : လှည့်စား ; translated Deceive or Tricky ) is a 2006 Myanmar comedy drama film directed by Thein Maung ( Phoenix ) , who is mainly involved in directing TV commercials .
Engineering Announcements for the Radio and Television Trade , sometimes abbreviated to Engineering Announcements , was a weekly magazine of news and information intended for technicians and salespeople in the United Kingdom , produced and transmitted by the Independent Television Authority ( and later the Independent Broadcasting Authority ) from 23 November 1970 until 31 July 1990 .
Matthijs Pool ( 1676 - -1732 ) was an engraver from the Northern Netherlands .
Pourquoi Israël ( Israel , Why ) ( 1973 ) is Shoah filmmaker Claude Lanzmann 's first film .
Stracciata is a fresh cheese made of spun paste original from Italy .
Open House with Gloria Hunniford was an afternoon television show , produced by Thames Television and broadcast on Channel 5 in the United Kingdom between 1998 and 2003 .
The Voyages - sncf.com Group was founded as an Internet travel agency website in France in June 2000 .
Ronit Lentin discusses House of Dolls in her work Israel and the Daughters of the Shoah .
Expedición Robinson was a popular television show that aired in Argentina from 2000 to 2001 and was the first edition of Robinson , or Survivor as it is referred to in some countries to air in South America .
Impact Pro Wrestling ( IPW ) is a New Zealand professional wrestling promotion .
As of August 12 , 2007 , Saneamento Básico had grossed R$1,066,051 and sold over one hundred and twenty thousand tickets in Brazil .
Lasagne originated in Italy , traditionally ascribed to the city of Naples ( Campania ) , where the first modern recipe was created in the Middle Ages and published in Liber de Coquina ( The Book of Cookery ) , and became a traditional dish .
The Chinese Feast ( Chinese : 金玉滿堂 ) is a 1995 Hong Kong film co - written , produced and directed by Tsui Hark , and starring Leslie Cheung , Anita Yuen , Kenny Bee , and Law Kar - ying .
Riihimäki glass ( Finnish : Riihimäen lasi ) was a reputed glass company in Riihimäki , Finland , in operation from 1910 , when it was founded by Mikko Adolf Kolehmainen , to 1990 .
Trofie ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈtrɔːfje ) ; less frequently , troffie , strofie or stroffie ) is a short , thin , twisted pasta from Liguria , Northern Italy .
Sagkeeng 's Finest are an Indigenous Canadian dance troupe , who won the only season of Canada 's Got Talent in 2012 .
Today , 100 % NL runs the music of the Netherlands with artists like Jan Smit , Nick & Simon , 3JS , Ilse Delange , Doe Maar , Bløf , Acda en De Munnik , Paul de Leeuw , Marco Borsato , Anouk and Guus Meeuwis .
Télé Poche ( literally `` Pocket TV '' ) is a weekly television listings magazine published in France .
The outdoor scenes of the film were shot at the Cinevilla backlot in Tukums , Latvia , a backlot built especially for Defenders of Riga .
19-Nineteen was first released in Korea in CGV theaters on November 12 , 2009 , and later aired on SBS ( South Korea ) and TV Asahi ( Japan ) in 2010 .
Survivorman is a Canadian - produced television program , broadcast in Canada on the Outdoor Life Network ( OLN ) , and internationally on Discovery Channel and Science Channel .
Infoman is a half - hour - long televised series satirizing the current events of Quebec on Radio - Canada .
All Monsters Attack , released in Japan as Gojira - Minira - Gabara :
The Obice da 105/14 modello 18 was a howitzer used by Italy during World War II . It appears to have been designed at the end of World War I , but that remains to be confirmed .
Indiaglitz wrote : `` Mudhalvan spoke about current affairs in India .
The Portrait of Cardinal Ludovico Trevisan is a painting by the Italian Renaissance artist Andrea Mantegna , dated to c. 1459 - 1460 .
Christian Haselberger ( born 2 June 1989 ) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FAC .
Teodor Rotrekl ( 6 June 1923 in Brno -- 1 September 2004 in Prague ) was a Czech illustrator and painter .
Sir John FitzSymond ( ca . 1342 -- ca . 1392 ) , of North Shoebury , Essex , was an English politician .
Sir Arthur Ingram ( ca . 1565 -- 1642 ) was an English investor , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1610 and 1642 .
Branko Benzon ( 29 August 1903 -- September 1970 ) was a Croatian physician , diplomat and politician .
Wilhelm Grunwald ( 15 July 1909 -- 7 June 1989 ) was a German mathematician who introduced the Grunwald--
Cecil Collins MBE ( 23 March 1908 -- 4 June 1989 ) was an English painter and printmaker originally associated with the Surrealist movement .
Robert Donald Teare , FRCP , FRCPath ( 1 July 1911 -- 17 January 1979 ) was a senior British pathologist .
Apodemius ( died 361 ) was an officer of the Roman Empire , a courtier of Emperor Constantius II , involved in the deaths of Constantius Gallus and Claudius Silvanus .
Harold Speed ( 11 February 1872 - 20 March 1957 ) was an English painter in oil and watercolour of portraits , figures and historical subjects .
Shastriji Maharaj ( Gujarati : શાસ્ત્રીજી મહારાજ ) ( 31 January 1865 -- 10 May 1951 ) , born Dungar Patel and ordained Shastri Yagnapurushdas , was a sadhu of the Swaminarayan Sampraday and was later accepted as the third spiritual successor of Swaminarayan and founder of the BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha .
Bjarne Bent Rønne Pedersen , known as Bjarne Liller ( 25 September 1935 -- 6 September 1993 ) , was a Danish jazz musician and singer - songwriter .
Suroor Barabankvi ( 1930 - -1980 ) ( Urdu : سرور بارہ بنکوی ) was an Urdu poet and lyricist from Barabanki , Uttar Pradesh , India .
John Lewis Russell ( 2 December 1808 -- 7 June 1873 ) was an American botanist and Unitarian minister .
Gerolamo Mengozzi Colonna ( 1688 -- Venice , 27 October 1774 ) was an Italian painter , mostly of frescoed quadratura .
William Frederick Faviell ( 1822 - 1902 ) was a British railway constructor .
Muiris Ó Gibealláin , Irish jurist , singer , philosopher , poet and musician , died 1328 .
Francis Crossing ( 1598 - 1638 ) of Exeter , Devon , was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1626 to 1629 .
Bernd Hartstein ( b. 26 October 1947 in Petersberg - Ostrau ; d. 23 February 2002 in Frankfurt am Main ) was a German sport shooter and trainer .
Mae Carden ( 1894 - -1977 ) was an American educator who developed the Carden Method .
John Davie ( 1640 - -1710 ) of Orleigh Court in the parish of Buckland Brewer , Devon , England , was a prominent tobacco merchant from Bideford , Devon .
Konrad Bethmann or Conrad Bethmann ( 1652 - -1701 ) was a German administrator and entrepreneur serving secular and ecclesiastical authorities .
Heinrich Theodor Rötscher ( 20 September 1803 -- 9 April 1871 ) was a German theatre critic and theorist .
Aristakes Lastivertsi ( Armenian : Արիստակես Լաստիվերցի ; 1002 -- 1080 ) was a medieval Armenian historian and chronicler .
George R. Poulton ( 1828 - -1867 ) was a musician and composer .
David Krafft , from 1719 David von Krafft ( 1655 -- 20 September 1724 ) was a German - Swedish painter , the nephew and student of David Klöcker Ehrenstrahl and his successor ( in 1698 ) as painter to the Swedish Royal Court .
Geoffrey Molyneux Palmer ( in Gaelic : Seathrún de Pámar ) ( 8 October 1882 -- 29 November 1957 ) was an Irish composer , mainly of operas and vocal music , among them the first musical settings of poems by James Joyce .
Dr. Boyi Bhimanna ( Telugu : బోయి భీమన్న ; 19 September 1911 -- 16 December 2005 ) , transliterated alternatively as Bheemanna or Bheemana , was a famous Telugu poet .
Jin Tianhe(Chinese : 金天翮 , Pinyin : Jīn Tiānhé , Wade Giles : Chin T'ien - ho ; 1873 - 1947 ) was a Chinese poet and scholar .
Johannes Nider ( ca . 1380 -- 13 August 1438 ) was a German theologian .
Carl Oskar Ursinus ( 11 March 1877 --6 July 1952 ) was a pioneer of German aviation and is remembered mainly for his contributions to sailplane designs and the sport of gliding .
Loretta de Braose , Countess of Leicester ( c. 1185 - c. 1266 ) was one of at least five daughters and four sons who survived to adulthood of William de Braose , lord of Bramber in Sussex and Radnor , Abergavenny and Brecon in Wales ( d. 1211 ) and his wife , Maud de St. Valery .
Benny Joy ( born Benjamin Eidson November 5 , 1935 - died October 24 , 1988 ) was an American rockabilly guitarist and singer who released three singles in his recording career , and was popular regionally in Florida .
Paul Amann or Ammann ( 5 August 1920 -- 9 August 1981 ) was a German Oberfeldwebel in the Luftwaffe during World War II . Ammann was born on the 8 May 1920 in Langenau .
Torsten Bengtson ( 10 January 1914 in Halmstad , -- 4 May 1998 ) was a Swedish politician and member of the Centre Party .
Sándor Végh ( 17 May 1912 -- 7 January 1997 ) was a Hungarian , later French , violinist and conductor .
Reverend Father Celestine Kapsner O.S.B. ( April 29 , 1892 - January 1973 ) , was a Catholic priest and exorcist who was stationed at St. John 's Abbey at Collegeville , Minnesota , in the early 1960s .
Unkoku Togan ( 雲谷 等顔 , 1547 - -1618 ) was a Japanese painter .
León Dujovne ( 15 November 1898 -- 16 January 1984 ) was an Argentine writer , philosopher , essayist and journalist .
Frank Koester ( born Sterkrade , Germany , 28 August 1876 ; died 1927 ) was a German - American engineer and author .
William Bridge ( c. 1600 -- 1670 ) was a leading English Independent minister , preacher , and religious and political writer .
Rabbi Shraga Feivel Mendlowitz ( 1886 , Világ , Austria - Hungary ( now Svetlice , Slovakia ) - 7 September 1948 ) was a leader of American Orthodoxy and founder of key institutions such as Torah Vodaath , a Yeshiva in Brooklyn , and Torah U'Mesorah , an outreach and educational organization .
Catherine Amelia O'Brien or Kitty O'Brien ( 19 June 1881 -- 18 July 1963 ) was an Irish stained glass artist , a member and director of An Túr Gloine .
Joseph T. Parkinson ( ? 1782 - May 1855 , London ) was an English architect .
Seán an tSalainn French ( 1489 - -1546 ) was Mayor of Galway from 1538 to 1539 .
August Alphonse Derbès ( 8 May 1818 , Marseille -- 27 January 1894 , Marseille ) was a French professor of naturalist , zoologist and botanist at the University of Marseille who studied reproduction of sea urchins and of algae .
Liu Min ( 劉旻 ) ( c. 895 -- 954 ) , named Liu Chong ( 劉崇 ) before 951 , also known by his temple name Shizu ( 世祖 ) , was the founding emperor of imperial China 's Northern Han state during the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period .
Ellen Pickering ( 1801 or 1802 -- 25 November 1843 ) was a British novelist who published sixteen three - volume novels , one of them posthumously .
Hannah Mary Rathbone ( 5 July 1798 , Shropshire -- 26 March 1878 , Liverpool ) was an English writer and the author of The Diary of Lady Willoughby .
Ferdinand Schmutzer ( 21 May 1870 -- 26 October 1928 ) was an Austrian photographer and engraver .
Sidney Sax ( 1913 - -2005 ) was a leading violinist in London 's session musician circles .
Jeanne de la Font ( 1500 - -1532 ) was a poet and patron of the French Renaissance .
Kathleen Mary Drew - Baker ( 6 November 1901 -- 1957 ) was a British phycologist , born in Leigh , Lancashire , particularly known for her basic research on the edible seaweed Porphyra laciniata ( nori ) , which led to a breakthrough for commercial growing .
Hermann Billung ( 900 or 912 -- 27 March 973 ) was the Margrave of the Billung March from 936 until his death .
Hugh Mosman ( 11 February 1843 -- 15 November 1909 ) was a mine owner and politician in Queensland , Australia .
Richard Dacre Archer - Hind , formerly Hodgson , ( 1849 - -1910 ) was an English scholar of Greek and Platonist .
Senshō Murakami ( 村上専精 , 1 May 1851 -- 31 October 1929 ) was a Meiji period Buddhist scholar .
Andreas William Heinesen ( 15 January 1900 -- 12 March 1991 ) was a poet , novel writer , short story writer , children 's book writer , composer and painter from the Faroe Islands .
Sir Richard Phillips ( 13 December 1767 -- 2 April 1840 ) was an English schoolteacher , author and publisher .
Einar Sissener ( 21 September 1897 -- 4 March 1968 ) was a Norwegian stage actor , film actor , stage producer , film producer and theatre director .
Sir John Andrew Stevenson ( 1761 -- 14 September 1833 ) was an Irish composer .
Tiberius Petasius was a Byzantine usurper in Italy around 729 and 730 .
Carl Eitz ( June 25 , 1848 , Wehrstedt , Halberstadt -- April 18 , 1924 , Eisleben ) was a German acoustician and music educator .
Eugen Taru ( Romanian pronunciation : ( e.uˈd͡ʒen ˈtaru ) ; 1913 -- 1991 ) was a Romanian graphic artist , best known for his work in the political cartoon , caricature , comic strip and book illustration genres .
Sir Thomas Spencer Wells , 1st Baronet ( 3 February 1818 -- 31 January 1897 ) was surgeon to Queen Victoria , a medical professor and president of the Royal College of Surgeons of England .
Anna Eriksdotter or Anna Ersdotter ( 1624 -- 15 June 1704 ) , called Sotpackan ( English : soot - witch ) , was an Swedish woman accused of being a witch .
Omichund or Amir Chand ( died 1767 ) was a native man in colonial India , whose name is associated with the treaty negotiated by Robert Clive before the Battle of Plassey in 1757 .
George Wilmot Bonner ( 24 May 1796 -- 3 June 1836 ) was an English wood - engraver .
Burford Sampson DSO ( 30 March 1882 -- 5 June 1959 ) was an Australian politician and soldier .
Lincoln MacVeagh ( 1890 - -1972 ) was a distinguished United States soldier , diplomat , businessman , and archaeologist .
Najdah ibn ' Amir al - Hanafi ( Arabic : نجدة بن عامر الحنفي‎ ) ( died 692 ) established a breakaway Kharijite state in central and eastern Arabia during the Umayyad era before he was killed by one of his own followers in 692 .
Remigiusz Koniecpolski ( died 1640 ) was a Polish noble and bishop of Chełm ( 1627 - -1640 ) .
Muhammad Kara Davud bin Kamal al - Izmiti ( b. ? - d. 948 AH/1541 CE ) , was an Ottoman scholar of Islam .
Richard Coleman ( 20 January 1930 -- 16 December 2008 ) was a British television and stage actor .
Sir Kenneth Mather CBE FRS ( 22 June 1911 -- 20 March 1990 ) was a British geneticist and botanist .
Daniel Brodhead III ( 20 April 1693 - 22 July 1755 ) , was a captain in the Ulster County , New York militia .
Edith Dunham Foster ( 1864 - -1950 ) was an American educational film maker who served as the editor of the Motion Picture Community Bureau , which furnished nearly all of the films seen by American armed forces during World War I. Foster 's son Warren Dunham Foster was president of the Motion Picture Community Bureau .
D'Arcy Corrigan ( 2 January 1870 -- 25 December 1945 ) was an Irish - born lawyer who became a character actor .
Pieter van Coninxloo ( c. 1460 - -1513 ) was an Early Netherlandish painter first documented as active in Brussels from 1479 .
Heinrich Doergangk ( Cologne , second half of the 16th century - before 1626 ) was a German Hispanist and grammarian .
Thomas Oxborough ( died 30 December 1623 ) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1586 and 1614 .
Branka Jurca ( 24 May 1914 -- 6 March 1999 ) was a Slovene writer , best known for her work for children and young adults .
Anatoly Babko ( 15 October 1905 , Sudzhenskoye , Tomsk Governorate -- 7 January 1968 ) was a famous Ukrainian chemist , specializing in analytical chemistry and in the chemistry of complex compounds .
Joseph - Marie Birraux ( 27 November 1883 - 30 April 1947 ) was a Catholic bishop who was Vicar Apostolic of Tanganyika and later became Superior General of the White Fathers , or Society of Missionaries of Africa .
Rebecca Emes ( died 1830 ) was an English silversmith .
Bill O'Hagan ( 4 June 1944- 15 May 2013 ) was a journalist on the Daily Telegraph and a butcher , known for his virtuosity in the making of top - quality sausages .
William Paul Gerhard ( 30 July 1854 , in Hamburg , Germany -- 1927 ) was a United States sanitary engineer .
Sir Benjamin Truman ( 1699/1700 -- 20 March 1780 ) was a notable English entrepreneur and brewer during the 18th century .
Haroun al - Rashid Lucman ( 1924 - 1984 ) was a Filipino legislator and founder of the Bangsamoro Liberation Organization ( BMLO ) , a Moro separatist group in Mindanao .
Alirio Ugarte Pelayo ( Parroquia Anzoátegui , 21 January 1923 - 19 May 1966 ) , was a Venezuelan politician , journalist , diplomat and lawyer .
James Lennox Kerr ( 1 July 1899 -- 11 March 1963 , aged 63 ) was a Scottish socialist author noted for his children 's stories written under the pseudonym of `` Peter Dawlish '' .
Sir William Ivor Jennings , KBE , QC ( Sinhala:ශ්‍රිමත් අයිවර් ජෙන්නින්ග්ස් ) ( 16 May 1903 -- 19 December 1965 ) was a British lawyer and academic .
Sir Sidney Wadsworth ( 21 December 1888 - -2 March 1976 ) was a British judge who served in the Indian Civil Service .
Einer Nielsen ( 1894 - 1965 ) was a Danish physical medium and spiritualist .
Air Chief Marshal Josiah Tungamirai ( 8 October 1948 -- 25 August 2005 ) , born Thomas Mberikwazvo , was a Zimbabwean military officer and politician .
Sir Francis Kynaston or Kinaston ( 1587 - -1642 ) was an English lawyer , courtier , poet and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1621 to 1622 .
Major Richard John Wrottesley , 5th Baron Wrottesley MC ( 7 July 1918 -- 23 October 1977 ) , was a British peer and army officer .
Carl Langbehn ( 6 December 1901 -- 12 October 1944 ) was a German lawyer and member of the resistance to Nazism .
John Robert Woodyard ( 1904 - -1981 ) was an American physicist who made important contributions to the technology of microwave electronics and invented `` doping '' to improve the performance of semiconductors .
Martin Heinrich Klaproth ( 1 December 1743 -- 1 January 1817 ) was a German chemist who discovered uranium ( 1789 ) , zirconium ( 1789 ) , and cerium ( 1803 ) .
Nasser al - Hafi ( Arabic : ناصر الحافي‎ ) ( died 1 July 2015 ) was an Egyptian lawyer and politician .
Harry Rimmer ( 1890 - -1952 ) was an American evangelist and creationist .
Max Oehler ( German : ( ˈøːlɐ ) ; December 29 , 1875 -- March 1946 ) was a German army officer and archivist for the `` Nietzsche - Archiv . ''
Rezső Seress ( Hungarian : ( ˈrɛʒøː ˈʃɛrɛʃ ) ; 3 November 1899 -- 11 January 1968 ) was a Hungarian pianist and composer .
Frederick William Lawrence ( 1892 - 1974 ) was a Canadian / American airbrush painter , and probably the father of realistic spray painting .
Godfrey Lill ( born 1719 , died 1783 in Enniskillen ) was an Irish politician , Solicitor - General for Ireland , and judge of the Court of Common Pleas ( Ireland ) .
Janko Brašić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јанко Брашић ) ( 9 January 1906 -- 15 June 1994 ) was a Serbian painter considered to be one of the foremost contributors to the naive art genre .
Cumméne Find ( Latinised , Cummeneus Albus , Cumméne `` the White '' , died 669 ) was the seventh abbot of Iona ( 657 - -669 ) .
George Arthur Rowley Jr. , ( 21 April 1926 -- 19 December 2002 ) , nicknamed `` The Gunner '' because of his explosive left - foot shot , was an English football player and cricketer .
Muhammad Jalal Kishk ( also Muhammad Galal Al - Kushk ) ( 1929 - 1983 ) was an Egyptian Islamist journalist and writer known for his association with the Muslim Brotherhood , his anti - leftist political views , and thoughts on sex and homosexuality in Islam .
Philip Syng ( 1703 - -1789 ) was , like his namesake father , a renowned silversmith who created fine works in silver and sometimes gold for the rich families of Philadelphia , Pennsylvania .
Mary Gregory ( 1856 - -1908 ) was an American artist known for her decoration of glass products at the Boston and Sandwich Glass Company in Cape Cod , Massachusetts .
Herman Jeremiassen ( born 1851 in Hviteseid , died 1943 ) was a Norwegian ship - owner and politician .
Christopher Gist ( 1706 - -1759 ) was an accomplished colonial British explorer , surveyor and frontiersman .
Claes Corneliszoon Moeyaert or Nicolaes Moyaert or Mooyaert ( 1592 - -1655 ) was an authoritative Catholic Dutch painter .
Sailabala Das ( 25 March 1875 - 29 April 1968 ) was a social worker and politician .
Henryk Gotlib ( 1890 -- 30 December 1966 ) , was a Polish - born painter , draughtsman , printmaker , and writer , who settled in England during World War II and made a significant contribution to modern British art . He was profoundly influenced by Rembrandt , and the European Expressionist painters .
Nalini Ranjan Sarkar ( Bengali : নলিনী রঞ্জন সরকার ) ( 1882 - -25 January 1953 ) was an Indian businessman , industrialist , economist , public leader , and was greatly involved in the political and economic regeneration of Bengal .
Thomas Nelson Annandale CIE FRSE ( 15 June 1876 in Edinburgh -- 10 April 1924 in Calcutta ) was a Scottish zoologist , entomologist , anthropologist , and herpetologist .
Frank Taberski ( 1889 - -1941 ) was a professional pocket billiards player from Schenectady , New York .
Shlomo - Ya'akov Gross ( Hebrew : שלמה - יעקב גרוס‎ , born 6 December 1908 , died 7 July 2003 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Agudat Yisrael and the Religious Torah Front in several spells between 1959 and 1981 .
William Garner Sutherland , D.O. ( 1873 - -1954 ) was an American osteopathic physician and important figure in American osteopathic medicine .
Mustafa Râkim ( Ottoman Turkish : مصطفى رآقم‎ ; Modern Turkish : Mustafa Râkım ) ( 1757 - -1826 ) , was an Ottoman calligrapher .
Werner Reinhart ( 19 March 1884 -- 29 August 1951 ) was a Swiss merchant , philanthropist , amateur clarinetist , and patron of composers and writers , particularly Igor Stravinsky and Rainer Maria Rilke .
George Rawson ( 1807 - 1889 ) was an English hymnwriter and Congregationalist lay person , who was born in Leeds on 5 June 1807 and died in Clifton , Bristol on 25 March 1889 .
Sir Reginald George Stapledon FRS ( 22 September 1882 - 16 September 1960 ) was an English grassland scientist and pioneer environmentalist .
Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita ( 6 June 1868 -- c. 11 February 1944 ) was a Dutch graphic artist active in the years before the Second World War .
Ruth Follows ( 1718 - -1809 ) , was an English Quakeress .
Millican Dalton ( 20 April 1867 -- 5 February 1947 ) was a self - styled `` Professor of Adventure '' .
Joseph Nirschl ( b. at Durchfurth , Lower Bavaria , 24 February 1823 ; d. at Würzburg , 17 January 1904 ) was a German Catholic theologian and writer .
James Caulfield ( 1764 - -1826 ) was an English author and printseller , known also as a publisher and editor .
Jean Léchelle or Jean L'Échelle ( 2 April 1760 -- 11 November 1793 ) briefly commanded a French army during the French Revolutionary Wars .
Don Hooper ( 14 April 1914 -- 16 December 1990 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne and St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sir Henry Ingoldsby , 1st Baronet ( 1622 - -1701 ) was an English military commander and landowner .
Ludwig Ramberg ( 21 February 1874 -- 25 December 1940 ) was the Swedish chemist who discovered in 1940 the Ramberg - Bäcklund reaction , together with his student Birger Bäcklund ( 2 May 1908 -- 21 January 1997 ) .
Late in life Fandorin marries again and has at least one son , Alexander , who is born in exile in London in 1920 , his mother having left Russia in 1919 while pregnant , which implies that Erast Fandorin died in that year in the turmoils of the Russian Civil War .
Peter Grimwade ( 8 June 1942 -- 15 May 1990 ) was a British television writer and director , best known for his work on the BBC science fiction television series Doctor Who .
Gusztáv Vizsolyi ( 1822 -- 9 February 1889 ) was a Hungarian jurist and politician from Tolna County .
Flavius Hannibalianus ( also Hanniballianus ; died September 337 ) was a member of the Constantinian dynasty , which ruled over the Roman Empire in the 4th century .
Georg Pieter Willem Boers ( 3 February 1811 -- 30 August 1884 ) was a Dutch colonial official , who served as Governor of the Dutch Gold Coast between 1867 and 1869 .
Anthony Belasyse , also Bellasis , Bellows and Bellowsesse ( died 1552 ) was an English churchman and jurist , archdeacon of Colchester from 1543 .
Martha Angle Dorsett ( 2 April 1851 - -8 March 1918 ) was the first woman admitted to the bar in the state of Minnesota .
Margaret Phipps Boegner ( 1906 - 2006 ) ( a.k.a . `` Peggy '' ) was an American heiress and philanthropist .
Emma McCune ( * 3 February 1964 in India - † 24 November 1993 in Nairobi ) was an expatriate British foreign aid worker in Sudan who married then - guerrilla leader Riek Machar .
Zdzisław Krasnodębski alias Król ( 10 July 1904 in Wola Osowińska -- 3 July 1980 in Toronto ) was a pilot , founder and commander of Squadron 303 .
Miron Grindea ( 31 January 1909 -- 18 November 1995 ) was a Romanian - born literary journalist and the editor of ADAM International Review , a literary magazine published for over 50 years .
Abbé Aloïsius Édouard Camille Gaultier ( Asti , 1745 or 1746 - Paris , 19 September 1818 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest and educational reformer .
Qamar Aden Ali ( Somali : Qamar Aadan Cali , Arabic : قمر عدن علي‎ ) ( b. 19 September 1957 - d. 3 December 2009 ) was a Somali lawyer and politician .
Mir - i Buzurg later died of illness in 1379 , and was buried in Amol .
Mary Ann Yates ( 1728 - -1787 ) was an English tragic actress .
Hugh I of Oisy ( died circa 1111 ) was the castellan of the town of Cambrai and a famous rebel against the authority of the bishops of the city .
Victor Earl Mark ( 1876 - -1948 ) was a prominent architect in Jacksonville , Florida , United States .
Mother of the Nation Lady Linh Từ ( Vietnamese : Linh Từ Quốc mẫu , Hán tự : 靈慈國母 ) Trần Thị Dung ( ? --1259 ) was the last empress and the last empress mother of the Lý Dynasty .
Hart Amos ( 2 December 1916 -- 8 June 2000 ) , was an Australian comic strip writer and artist .
Isaac Jan Alexander Gogel ( 10 December 1765 , Vught -- 13 June 1821 , Overveen ) was the first minister of finance of the Batavian Republic and the Kingdom of Holland .
Arnold Vaide ( 17 April 1926 -- 5 June 2011 ) was a Swedish athlete and football trainer .
Brian Tyrrell ( died 19 April 2009 ) was an Irish football player who played as a forward .
John Gower ( /ˈɡaʊər/ ; c. 1330 -- October 1408 ) was an English poet , a contemporary of William Langland and the Pearl Poet , and a personal friend of Geoffrey Chaucer .
Benjamin Taylor A Bell ( 2 July 1861 -- 1 March 1904 ) , the son of David Bell and Margaret Taylor , was born in Scotland and emigrated to Canada when his mother died where he eventually became involved in the field of journalism with the Montreal Gazette .
Karl Kritz ( 1906 -- 17 December 1969 ) was an Austrian conductor .
Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair , also spelt Kunju Nair , ( 1908 - 1981 ) was an outstanding Kathakali mastero of the 20th century .
Franz Josef Heinz , known as Heinz - Orbis , ( 25 February 1884 - 9 January 1924 ) was a Palatine separatist who briefly led the government of the `` Autonomous Palatinate '' during the French occupation of the Rhineland .
Dino Kraspedon ( 1905 - -2004 ) was the pen name of Brazilian Aladino Felix , who claimed to be contacted by a person who was from another inhabited planet .
Kyutaro Abiko ( 1865 - -1936 ) was a Japanese - born American businessman and newspaper editor .
John Maclellan , 3rd Lord Kirkcudbright ( died 1664 ) was a Scottish nobleman and royalist .
Joseph Paruta , also known as `` Old Man '' and `` Sammy Gravano 's Personal Luca Brasi '' ( December 3 , 1929-October 1986 Brooklyn , New York ) was a mobster in the Gambino crime family and considered a `` key member '' of Sammy Gravano 's Bensonhurst , Brooklyn crew .
John Wadsworth ( 1850 -- 10 July 1921 ) was a British trade unionist and Liberal or Lib - Lab politician .
Mahadev Desai ( 1 January 1892 -- 15 August 1942 ) was an Indian independence activist and writer best remembered as Mahatma Gandhi 's personal secretary .
Salvador Lutteroth ( 1897 - -September 5th 1987 ; born Salvador Lutteroth González ) was a Mexican professional wrestling promoter of the mid - twentieth century .
Bob Courtney ( 31 October 1922 -- 24 October 2010 ) was a British - born South African actor and broadcaster .
Claude Céberet du Boullay ( 1647 - -1702 ) was a 17th - century French diplomat who participated in the La Loubère - Céberet embassy as `` envoy extraordinary '' to the kingdom of Siam ( modern Thailand ) in 1687 .
Vitorino de Brito Freire ( 28 November 1908 - 27 August 1977 ) was a Brazilian politician and congressman .
Rena Golden ( 30 March 1961 -- 20 March 2013 ) was an Indian born American journalist working for CNN and the Weather Channel .
Batakrishna Ghosh ( 1905 - 1950 ) was an Indian linguist , who specialised in Indo - European linguistics .
Hugh Latimer ( c. 1487 -- 16 October 1555 ) was a Fellow of Clare College , Cambridge , and Bishop of Worcester before the Reformation , and later Church of England chaplain to King Edward VI .
George Calavassy ( born 2 February 1881 , Greece - died on 7 November 1957 Greece ) was a Catholic prelate belonging to Apostolic Exarchate of Constantinople from 13 July 1920 to 11 June 1932 , and Exarch of the Greek Byzantine Catholic Church from 11 June 1932 to 7 November 1957 .
Jorge Cerdán Lara ( 23 July 1897 - -15 August 1958 ) was a Mexican attorney and politician who served as governor of the Mexican state of Veracruz from 1940 - -1944 .
Albert Hybart JP ( 1865 - 28 January 1945 ) was a Welsh rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cardiff and international rugby for Wales .
Dimitri Tsafendas ( Greek : Δημήτρης Τσαφέντας ; 14 January 1918 -- 7 October 1999 ) is known as the assassin of Prime Minister of South Africa Hendrik Verwoerd , the `` Architect of Apartheid '' on 6 September 1966 .
Edward John Carnell ( 8 April 1912 - 23 March 1972 ) , known to his friends as either Ted or John , was a British science fiction editor known for editing New Worlds in 1946 then from 1949 to 1963 .
Dharma Raja Karthika Thirunal Rama Varma ( Malayalam : ധർമ്മരാജാ കാർ‍ത്തിക തിരുനാൾ രാ‍മവർമ്മ , 1724 - -17 Feb 1798 ) was the Maharajah of Travancore from 1758 until his death in 1798 .
Fadrique Enríquez de Mendoza ( 1390 -- 23 December 1473 ) was the second Admiral of Castile , Count of Melgar and Rueda , and second Lord of Medina del Rioseco .
William Gaston Pearson ( 1858 - -1947 ) was an African - American educator and businessman in North Carolina .
Antonin Cloche ( 1628 - 1720 ) was the Master of the Order of Preachers from 1686 to 1720 .
Thelma Johnson Streat ( August 12 , 1911 -- May 1959 ) was an African American artist , dancer , and educator , who gained prominence in the 1940s for her art , performance and work to foster inter - cultural understanding and appreciation .
Guy - Crescent Fagon ( 11 May 1638 -- 11 March 1718 ) was a physician and botanist .
Christopher Carrick ( 1882 -- 1927 ) was a footballer who played for West Ham United , Tottenham Hotspur , Reading , Bradford City and Glentoran as an outside - left .
Daniel Rock ( Very Reverend Canon Rock , D.D. ) ( 31 August 1799 , Liverpool -- 28 November 1871 Kensington , London ) was an English Roman Catholic priest , ecciesiologist and antiquarian .
Ge Xuan ( 164 - -244 ) was a Chinese Taoist .
Chic Calderwood ( 1 September 1937 -- 12 November 1966 ) was a Scottish light - heavyweight boxer from Craigneuk in North Lanarkshire , Scotland who was active from 1957 to 1966 .
Francisco Pereira de Moura ( 1925 - -1998 ) was a Portuguese scholar , economist and politician opposed to the Estado Novo regime .
Heonan of Silla ( died 861 ) ( r. 857 - -861 ) was the 47th king of the Silla kingdom of Korea .
James Yeadon ( 10 December 1861 -- 30 May 1914 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played three times for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1888 .
Charles Augustus Lafayette Lamar ( 1824 - 1865 ) the son of Gazaway Bugg Lamar was born and raised in Savannah , Georgia .
Charles George Broyden ( 3 February 1933 -- 20 May 2011 ) was a mathematician who specialized in optimization problems and numerical linear algebra .
Gum Yuen ( October 1875 -- 15 May 1943 ) was an Australian cabinetmaker , Chinese community leader , furniture manufacturer and restaurateur .
James Vincent Cleary ( 18 September 1828 -- 24 February 1898 ) was a Canadian Roman Catholic priest and Archbishop of Kingston , Ontario .
Frank Runacres ( 2 June 1904 - 1974 ) was an English painter who worked in both watercolours and oil .
B. K. Gadhvi ( 1937 -- 2005 ) was a leader of Indian National Congress from Gujarat and was a member of the Seventh , Eighth and Eleventh Lok Sabhas from 1980 to 1989 and from 1996 to 1997 representing the Banaskantha Parliamentary Constituency .
Ralph Robert Watts Sherman Stonor , 6th Baron Camoys DL JP ( 5 July 1913 -- 9 March 1976 ) was an English aristocrat and Justice of the Peace .
Father Matta El Meskeen or Matthew the Poor , born Youssef Iskandar ( 20 September 1919 -- 8 June 2006 ) was an Egyptian Coptic Orthodox monk .
Martin Kavanagh ( 1895 --1987 ) was a teacher and historian .
Gaius Caesonius Macer Rufinianus ( c. AD 157 -- c. AD 237 ) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed suffect consul in around AD 197 or 198 .
Samuel Goodere ( 1687 - -1741 ) was a captain in the British Royal Navy , who was the third and youngest son of Sir Edward Goodere , 1st Baronet .
John de la Pole , 1st Earl of Lincoln ( 1462/1464 -- 16 June 1487 ) was a leading figure in the Yorkist aristocracy during the Wars of the Roses .
Franciska Gaal ( 1 February 1904 -- 2 January 1973 ) was a Jewish Hungarian cabaret artist and film actress .
Sir John Rogerson ( 1648 - -1724 ) was an Irish politician , wealthy merchant and property developer .
Sir Marmaduke Gresham , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1627 -- 14 April 1696 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 and from 1685 to 1689 .
Martha Thompson ( 1731 - -1820 ) was an English Methodist .
Peter G. Fletcher ( 9 January 1936 -- 21 May 1996 ) was a noted British orchestral and choral conductor , music educator and author .
Margaret Eliza Maltby ( 10 December 1860 -- 3 May 1944 ) was an American physicist notable for measurement of high electrolytic resistances and conductivity of very dilute solutions .
Alexander Macbean ( died 1784 ) was a British writer and amanuensis , known as a lexicographer .
Zita Linker ( Hebrew : ציטה לינקר‎ , born 1 March 1917 , died 26 January 2009 ) was an Israeli politician who briefly served as a member of the Knesset for Likud in 1977 .
Sir William Thorold , 1st Baronet ( 1591 - -1678 ) was an English landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1661 to 1677 .
Sir Edward Carne ( c.1500 - 19 January 1561 ) was a Welsh Renaissance scholar , diplomat and English Member of Parliament .
Henryk Ehrlich ( sometimes spelled Henryk Erlich ; 1882 -- 15 May 1942 ) was an activist of the Bund , member of the Petrograd Soviet , Warsaw City Council and member of the executive committee of the Second International .
Philip Roche ( died 1798 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic priest and commander during the Irish Rebellion of 1798 .
Stephen of Aumale ( c. 1070 - -1127 ) was Count of Aumale from before 1089 to 1127 , and Lord of Holderness .
Humphrey Weld ( died 29 November 1610 ) was an English merchant who was Lord Mayor of London in 1608 .
Edgar William Boyles ( 24 March 1921 -- 7 May 2001 ) was a senior British civil servant who became Under - Secretary at the Inland Revenue ( 1975 - -81 ) .
Joaquín Canaves ( 8 January 1640 - 3 June 1721 ) was a Spanish prelate who served as the Bishop of Malta from 1713 till 1721 .
Fraser Frisell ( 1774 - -1846 ) , was a friend of Chateaubriand and Joubert .
Mária Vadász , née Vanya ( 1 January 1950 -- 18 August 2009 ) was a Hungarian handball player , Olympic bronze medalist and World Championship silver medalist .
Shamsul Huda Chaudhury ( Bengali শামসুল হুদা চেীধুরী 1 May 1920 - 15 February 2000 ) was a renowned Bangladeshi politician , mass - media administrator , minister and two time Speaker of Bangladesh Jatiya Sangsad .
Clémentine Hélène Dufau ( 18 August 1869 -- 18 March 1937 ) was a painter .
John Robert Godley ( 29 May 1814 -- 17 November 1861 ) was an Irish statesman and bureaucrat .
Władysław of Bytom ( Polish : Władysław bytomski ; 1277/83 -- around 8 September 1352 ) , was a Duke of Koźle during 1303 - 1334 , Duke of Bytom from 1316 , Duke of Toszek since 1329 and Duke of Siewierz during 1328 - -1337 .
Enid Charles ( 29 December 1894 -- 26 March 1972 ) was a socialist , feminist and statistician who was a pioneer in the fields of demography and population statistics .
Sergeant Terrence Begley ( died 25 August 1864 ) was an Irish soldier who fought in the American Civil War .
Saint Fer dá Chrích mac Suibni ( also called Feardachrich , Feradach , Ferdachricus , Fer dá Crích , Ferdacrioch , ffear - Dachrich , Firdacrich ) b. c. 710 -- d. 18 May 768 , was the Abbot of Armagh , Ireland from 758 to 18 May 768 .
Otto Bittorf ( 13 July 1917 -- 11 January 1999 ) was a highly decorated Oberleutnant in the Wehrmacht during World War II and a Major in the Bundeswehr .
Sultan Jauhar ul - Alam Amauddin Syah ( died 1726 ) was the twenty - first sultan of Aceh .
Joseph Panny ( 23 October 1796 -- 7 September 1838 ) was an Austrian composer and violinist who lived primarily in Vienna .
David Ruthven , 2nd Lord Ruthven of Freeland ( died April 1701 ) was a Scottish politician .
Edmund Bunny ( 1540 - -1619 ) was an Anglican churchman of Calvinist views .
Thomas Mullins , 1st Baron Ventry ( 25 October 1736 -- 11 January 1824 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and peer .
Gwylog ap Beli ( 695?--725 ) was one of the rulers of the Kingdom of Powys , son of Beli ap Eiludd .
Enrico Gasparri S.T.D. JUD ( 25 July 1871 -- 20 May 1946 ) was a Roman Catholic Cardinal and Archbishop .
Robert Cleveland ( 1744 - -1812 ) was an American revolutionary from Wilkes County , North Carolina , and served as a Captain in the militia under his brother Colonel Benjamin Cleveland .
Billy Spence ( died 1980 ) was a loyalist activist in Northern Ireland .
Rajeshwari Chatterjee ( 24 January 1922 -- 3 September 2010 ) was an Indian scientist and an academic .
John James Maximilian Oertel ( born at Ansbach , Bavaria , 27 April 1811 ; died at Jamaica , New York , 21 August 1882 ) was a German - American journalist .
Rabbi Selig Starr , born Zelig Starobinski ( 15 June 1893 Yanow or Yanaveh , Poland -- 2 November 1989 ) , was a 20th - century Talmudic scholar in Poland , Chicago and Jerusalem .
Åsmund Sveen ( 28 April 1910 -- 31 January 1963 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist and literary critic .
Fyodor Koriatovych ( Polish : Fiodor Koriatowic , Rusyn : Федур Коръятович , Ukrainian : Федір Коріятович , Lithuanian : Teodoras Karijotaitis ) ( died 1414 in Mukacheve ) was a Ruthenian prince of Lithuanian origins , son of Karijotas , Duke of Navahrudak , and grandson of Gediminas , Grand Duke of Lithuania .
Davor Dujmović ( 20 September 1969 -- 31 May 1999 ) was a Bosnian actor best known for his memorable roles in Emir Kusturica 's movies as Mirza in When Father Was Away on Business , Perhan in Time of the Gypsies and Bata in Underground .
Walter Einsel ( 1926 - -1998 ) was an American sculptor and illustrator from Westport , Connecticut .
Ernest John Christopher Polge CBE , FRS ( 16 August 1926 - - 17 August 2006 ) was an English biologist , most noted for his work in cryopreservation .
István Móna ( 17 September 1940 -- 28 July 2010 ) was a Hungarian modern pentathlete and Olympic champion .
Gaius Avidius Nigrinus ( died 118 ) was a Roman who lived between the 1st and 2nd centuries .
Ivan Vurnik ( 1 June 1884 -- 8 April 1971 ) was a Slovene architect that helped found the Ljubljana School of Architecture .
Alexander Stopford Catcott ( 1692 - -1749 ) was an English churchman from Bristol , and headmaster of Bristol Grammar School from 1722 to 1743 or 1744 .
Henry Slade ( 1835 - 1905 ) was a famous fraudulent medium who lived and practiced in both Europe and North America .
Frederick Forchheimer ( 1853 - -1913 ) was an American pediatrician known for describing Forchheimer spots .
Charlotta Maria Thérèse Lizinka Dyrssen , née af Ugglas ( 28 July 1866 -- 9 September 1952 ) , was a Swedish women 's rights activist .
George Jackson Churchward CBE ( 31 January 1857 -- 19 December 1933 ) was Chief Mechanical Engineer of the Great Western Railway ( GWR ) in the United Kingdom from 1902 to 1922 .
Geoff Stone ( 10 April 1924 -- 1993 ) was an English footballer who made 35 appearances in the Football League playing as a centre half for Notts County and Darlington .
John Tiktak ( 1916 , Kareak camp-1981 ) was a Canadian Inuk sculptor who spent most of his artistic career in Rankin Inlet .
Charles Wagley ( 1913 - -1991 ) was an American anthropologist and leading pioneer in the development of Brazilian anthropology .
Baltasar Jaime Martínez Compañón ( born 1737 , died 1797 ) was a Spanish prelate who served as Bishop of Trujillo , Peru , Peru from 1779 to 1790 , at Trujillo Cathedral , and Archbishop of Bogotá , New Granada , from 1790 to 1797 .
Mary Heaton Vorse O'Brien ( 1874 - -1966 ) was an American journalist , labor activist , and novelist .
Francesco Bassi ( early 1642 - 1732 ) was an Italian painter active in the early - Baroque period , mainly in his hometown of Cremona , but also in Venice .
John Terence Reese ( 28 August 1913 -- 29 January 1996 ) was a British bridge player and writer , regarded as one of the finest of all time in both fields .
Ruth Plumly Thompson ( 27 July 1891 -- 6 April 1976 ) was an American writer of children 's stories , best known for writing many novels placed in Oz , the fictional land of L. Frank Baum 's classic children 's novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz and its sequels .
Udai Singh II ( 4 August 1522 -- 28 February 1572 ) was the Maharana of Mewar and the founder of the city of Udaipur in the present day Rajasthan state of India .
Julen Goikoetxea ( 18 August 1985 -- 7 October 2006 ) was a Basque racing cyclist from Ondarroa .
Kedamangalam Sadanandan ( 1926 -- 13 April 2008 ) was a Kadhaprasangam artist , film actor , screenwriter and lyricist from Kerala .
Thomas Douglas Guest ( 1781 - -1845 ) was a British historical- and portrait painter .
Aaron Lockett ( 1 December 1892 -- 10 February 1965 ) was an English footballer and cricketer .
Stacey Grimaldi ( 18 October 1790 -- 28 March 1863 ) , was an English lawyer and antiquary .
Dani Wadada Nabudere ( 15 December 1932 -- 9 November 2011)http://independent.co.ug / obituary/4-obituary/4914-prof - nabudere http://www.pambazuka.net/en/category.php/obituary/83572 was an accomplished Ugandan academic , Pan - Africanist , lawyer , politician , author , political scientist and development specialist .
Angelo Celli ( 25 March 1857 -- 2 November 1914 ) was an Italian physician , hygienist , parasitologist and philanthropist known for his pioneering works in malarial parasite and control of malaria .
William Noy ( 1577 -- 9 August 1634 ) was a noted British jurist .
Francisco Méndez ( 1907 - 1962 ) was a Guatemalan poet and short - story writer born in Joyabaj , El Quiché .
Sir William Tredenham ( ca . 1638 - 12 May 1662 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1659 and 1662 .
Jan Piekałkiewicz ( 19 September 1892 -- 19 February 1943 ) was a Polish economist and statistician , politician and the Polish Underground State 's Government Delegate .
Leopold Bellak ( 1916 - -2002 ) was an psychologist who worked on clinical psychological assessment , particularly with the Thematic Apperception Test .
Ignazio Buttitta ( 19 September 1899 -- 5 April 1997 ) was an Italian dialectal poet .
William Marion Reedy ( 1862 - -1920 ) was a St. Louis - based editor best known for his promotion of the poets Sara Teasdale , Edgar Lee Masters , and Carl Sandburg to the audience of his newspaper , Reedy 's Mirror .
Amarendranath Chatterjee ( Bengali : অমরেন্দ্রনাথ চট্টোপাধ্যায় ) ( 1 July 1880 -- 4 September 1957 ) was an Indian independence movement activist .
Harry Clinton Gossard ( 1884 - -1954 ) was an American educator and geometer .
Spence Broughton ( c. 1746 -- 14 April 1792 ) was an English highwayman who was executed for robbing the Sheffield and Rotherham mail .
Donal Keenan ( 1919 -- 19 September 1990 ) was an Irish Gaelic games administrator , Gaelic football coach , selector and former player .
Dorothy B. Hughes ( 10 August 1904 -- 6 May 1993 ) was an American crime writer and literary critic .
Queen Heonjung ( 헌정왕후;獻貞王后 , c. 966 -- 1 August 992 ) was a Korean Goryeo dynastys queen .
Patrick John Morris ( 13 April 1948 -- 16 January 2008 ) was a British composer , musician , and songwriter .
Tommaso Tamburini ( 6 March 1591 -- 10 October 1675 ) was an Italian Jesuit moral theologian .
Hendrick ten Oever ( 1639 -- 1716 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
John Grimaldi ( 22 May 1955 -- 15 November 1983 ) was a musician , songwriter and artist .
Thomas Wallensis ( died 1255 ) was a Welsh Franciscan , archdeacon of Lincoln and then bishop of St. David 's .
Rolf Maximilian Sievert ( Swedish : ( ˈrɔlf maksɪmˈiːlɪan ˈsiːvəʈ ) ; 6 May 1896 -- 3 October 1966 ) was a medical physicist whose major contribution was in the study of the biological effects of radiation .
Charles - Hippolyte - Philippe Spinola , known as Philippe Spinola ( 1612 - -1670 ) was count of Bruay , baron of Andre , and lord of Kounice , a lordship which he later exchanged for those of Calonne - sur - la - Lys and Viefville , Grandee of Spain and Knight of the Golden Fleece .
Charles Hill , Baron Hill of Luton PC ( 15 January 1904 -- 22 August 1989 ) was a British cabinet minister , doctor and television executive .
Niklaus Niggeler ( 3 May 1817 - 26 May 1872 ) was a Swiss politician from the canton of Bern .
Heinrich Wilhelm Ludolf ( 20 December 1655 -- 25 January 1712 ) was a German Pietist , secretary to Prince George of Denmark , and ecumenical traveller .
Wang Yucheng ( or Yu - Ch'eng ) ( 王禹偁 , 954 - -1001 ) was a Chinese poet from Juye in the Shandong province .
Petre Mavrogheni ( 1819 -- 20 April 1887 ) also known as Petru Mavrogheni was a Romanian politician who served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 11 May until 13 July 1866 and as the Minister of Finance .
Jan Balabán ( 29 January 1961 -- 23 April 2010 ) was a Czech writer , journalist , and translator .
Timothy J. Stryker , better known as Tim Stryker or Stryker ( 9 December 1954 -- 6 August 1996 ) was a computer programmer , best known as the creator of MajorBBS , a computer bulletin board software package .
Pap Cheyassin Secka or Pap Cheyassin Ousman Secka ( June 1942 -- 29 March 2012 ) was a Gambian lawyer and politician .
Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan ( 2 March 1935 -- 8 September 2008 ) was an Indian classical music violinist .
Eleanor Oglethorpe ( 1662 - -1732 ) was an employee of the royal household during the reigns of Charles II and James II . She followed James II to France , where he was exiled after the Glorious Revolution .
John Loch ( 8 September 1781 -- 19 February 1868 ) was a Member of Parliament for Hythe and Chairman of the East India Company .
Dennis Brian Close , CBE ( 24 February 1931 -- 13 September 2015 ) was an English cricketer , the youngest man ever to play Test cricket for England .
Miguel Lino de Ezpeleta ( sometimes spelled as de Espeleta ) ( Manila , June 1701 -- Cebu , July 1771 ) was a Spanish Criollo born in Manila who served as the Bishop of Cebu from 1757 until his death in 1771 .
Blessed Caius of Korea ( 1571 in Korea -- 15 November 1624 in Nagasaki , Japan ) is the 128th of the 205 Roman Catholic Martyrs of Japan beatified by Pope Pius IX on 7 July 1867 , after he had canonized the Twenty - six Martyrs of Japan five years before on 8 June 1862 .
Laurence Chisholm Young ( 14 July 1905 -- 24 December 2000 ) was an American mathematician known for his contributions to measure theory , the calculus of variations , optimal control theory , and potential theory .
Vitéz Baron Sándor Szurmay de Uzsok ( 19 December 1860 -- 26 February 1945 ) was a Hungarian military officer and politician , who served as Minister of Defence for the Hungarian portion of the Dual Monarchy of Austria - Hungary between 1917 and 1918 .
James Wood Johnson ( 1856 - -1932 ) was an American businessman and one of the co - founders of Johnson & Johnson .
Ilona Stetina ( 1855 - 1932 ) , was a Romanian pioneer educator and women 's rights activist .
John Tufton , 4th Earl of Thanet ( 7 August 1638 -- 27 April 1680 ) , styled The Honourable John Tufton until 1679 , was an English politician and nobleman .
Romesh Bhandari ( 29 March 1928 -- 7 September 2013 ) was an Indian Foreign Secretary , former Lieutenant Governor of Delhi , Andaman and Nicobar Islands , and former governor of Tripura , Goa and Uttar Pradesh .
Colonel Mariano Chico ( 1796 - -1850 ) served one of the briefest terms as Alta California governor from April 1836 to July 1836 .
John Wygryme ( died 5 October 1468 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1457 to 1468 .
Charles W. Dullea ( May 30 , 1889 -- 1966 ) was the Chief of Police in the San Francisco Police Department from 1940 to 1947 .
Edward William Barnard ( 1791 - -1828 ) , was an English divine , poet and scholar .
Lê Chiêu Thống ( 1765 - -1793 ) , born Lê Duy Khiêm and later Lê Duy Kỳ , was the last king of the Vietnamse Lê dynasty .
Eloy Mestrelle , first name sometimes spelled Eloye , ( d. 1578 ) was a French moneyer who was responsible for introducing milled coinage to England .
James Patrick Mullins ( 5 January 1874 -- 26 November 1965 ) was a Liberal party member of the Canadian House of Commons and served as mayor of Bromptonville at one time .
Hans Henrik Rode ( 9 September 1767 -- 29 December 1830 ) was a Danish - Norwegian military officer .
Arthur Saul ( died 1586 ) was an English Puritan cleric and academic , a Marian exile and canon of Gloucester Cathedral .
António Galvão ( c. 1490 - -1557 ) , known in English as Antonio Galvano , was a Portuguese soldier , chronicler and administrator in the Maluku islands , and a Renaissance historian , the first to present a comprehensive report of all the leading voyages and explorers up to 1550 , either by Portuguese and by other nationalities .
Ivan Rassimov ( Born Ivan Djerasimović ; Serbian Cyrillic : Иван Ђерасимовић ) ( 7 May 1938 -- 14 March 2003 ) was an Italian film actor of Serbian origin who appeared in many horror and exploitation films .
Élie Fruchart ( 8 July 1922 -- 1 July 2003 ) was a French football player who played with US Auchel .
Hasan Moglica ( 1854 - -1915 ) , commonly referred as Hoxhë Moglica , was an Albanian educator , religious leader , engineer , philosopher , nationalist figure and patriot .
Gustav de Vries ( 22 January 1866 - -16 December 1934 ) was a Dutch mathematician , who is best remembered for his work on the Korteweg -- de Vries equation with Diederik Korteweg .
Gustavus Arthur Talbot ( 24 December 1848 - 16 October 1920 ) was a British member of parliament and a Coalition Conservative politician .
Lancelot Brown ( baptised 30 August 1716 -- 6 February 1783 ) , more commonly known as Capability Brown , was an English landscape architect .
Otto Landsberg ( 4 December 1869 -- 9 December 1957 ) was a German jurist , politician and diplomat .
In November 1945 , Mefail Shehu was killed in an ambush with his remaining soldiers by the partisans .
Manuel Moral y Vega ( 16 March 1865 - 7 November 1913 ) was a Portuguese photographer and publisher active in early twentieth - century Peru .
Jens Falkenberg ( 6 May 1875 -- 26 March 1963 ) was a Norwegian equestrian .
Waratton , Waratto , or Warato ( died 686 ) was the mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy on two occasions , owing to the deposition he experienced at the hands of his own faithless son .
Edward Upham ( 1776 - -1834 ) was an English bookseller , antiquarian and orientalist .
Des Hackett ( 1925 -- 7 August 1998 ) was an Australian naturalist .
Joseph Clemens ( 9 December 1862 -- 21 January 1936 ) was an American Methodist Episcopalian chaplain , missionary and plant collector who served and worked in South East Asia and elsewhere .
Peter Stent ( c. 1613 - -1665 ) was a seventeenth - century London printseller , who from the early 1640s until his death ran one of the biggest printmaking businesses of the day .
Carl Wahlbom ( 1810 - -1858 ) was a Swedish military artist .
Álvaro Obregón Tapia ( 18 December 1916 - -27 September 1993 ) was a Mexican political figure who served as governor of the northwestern border state of Sonora from 1955 to 1961 .
James Mursell ( 1893 - -1963 ) wrote extensively about music education and the use of music in a classroom setting .
Pomeroy Wills Powers , known as P.W. Powers , ( 1853 - -1916 ) was an attorney and property developer in Kansas City , Kansas , and Los Angeles , California , where he was president of the City Council in 1900 - -02 .
Charles Edward Davis ( 1827 - -1902 ) was an English architect and antiquary .
Melek Amet ( 4 October 1960 - 22 May 2008 ) was one of the best rated models of the eighties in Communist Romania .
Hugo Birger ( born Hugo Birger Peterson ) ( 12 January 1854 -- 17 June 1887 ) was a Swedish painter .
Sir Thomas Chamberlayne , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1635 - -1682 ) of Wickham and of Northbrooke , Oxfordshire .
Lord Henry George Charles Gordon - Lennox PC ( 2 November 1821 -- 29 August 1886 ) , known as Lord Henry Lennox , was a British Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1846 to 1885 and was a close friend of Benjamin Disraeli .
Shahzada Kashmira Singh Bahadur ( 1821 - 7 May 1844 ) was the sixth son of Ranjit Singh , Maharaja of Sikh Empire .
Jogendra Nath Mandal ( Bengali : যোগেন্দ্রনাথ মণ্ডল ; 29 January 1904 -- 5 October 1968 ) , was one of the central and leading Founding Fathers of modern state of Pakistan , and legislator serving as country 's first minister of law and labour , and also was second minister of commonwealth and Kashmir affairs .
Andrew Petrie ( 1798 - 20 February 1872 ) was a pioneer , architect and builder in Brisbane , Queensland , Australia .
Albrecht Kauw ( 1621 - -1681 ) was a Swiss still - life painter , cartographer and a painter of vedute .
Dr. Dixie Tan died at Singapore General Hospital on 23 April 2014 , aged 78 , following a two - month illness with brain cancer .
Matilda Moldenhauer Brooks ( 1888 - -1981 ) is best remembered for her 1932 discovery that the staining compound methylene blue is an antidote to carbon monoxide and cyanide poisoning .
Warren Stanford Stone ( 1 February 1860 - 12 June 1925 ) was a railway worker who rose to head the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers in the United States from 1903 to 1925 .
Pierre Macret ( 1727 - -1796 ) was a well - known Parisian cabinetmaker ( ébéniste ) .
Thomas Cheseman or Baker ( ca . 1488 - -1536 or later ) was an English politician .
Gerald Savory ( 17 November 1909 -- 9 February 1996 ) was an English playwright and screenwriter specialising in comedies .
William Abernethy Drummond ( called Abernethy ; 1719?--1809 ) , was a bishop of Edinburgh .
Thomas Pole ( 13 October 1753 -- 28 September 1829 ) was an American - born English physician and writer .
Senkodi immolated herself in front of the Tahsil office at Kancheepuram at 5.45 p.m , 28 - 08 - 2011 .
Captain Charles Bampfield Yule , R.N. ( 1806 - -1 November 1878 at Anderton , Cornwall ) was an explorer and author of the Admiralty Australia Directory .
Chen Lanbin ( Traditional Chinese : 陳蘭彬 ; Simplified Chinese : 陈兰彬 ; Hanyu Pinyin : Chén Lánbīn ) ( 1816 - -1895 ) , courtesy name Li Qiu ( 荔秋 ) was the first Chinese Minister to the United States during the Qing Dynasty .
Eliyahu Meridor ( Hebrew : אליהו מרידור‎ , 20 July 1914 -- 16 October 1966 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Herut and Gahal from 1959 until his death in 1966 .
Fred Stansfield ( 12 December 1917 -- 30 March 2014 ) was a Welsh international footballer .
Isaac Barré ( 1726 -- 20 July 1802 ) was an Irish soldier and politician .
Hughie Callan ( 26 December 1881 -- 5 February 1917 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Essendon and South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
George Ashburnham , 3rd Earl of Ashburnham , KG , GCH , FSA ( 25 December 1760 -- 27 October 1830 ) was a British peer .
Paul Jousse ( died 1945 ) was a South African white trader in Bechuanaland .
James Chamberlain Baker ( June 2 , 1879 -- 1969 ) was an American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church , The Methodist Church , and the United Methodist Church , elected in 1928 .
P. K. Manthri ( real name P. K. Manthri Kumaran ) ( 31 May 1933 -- 6 December 1984 ) was an Indian cartoonist .
Cyryl Ratajski ( 3 March 1875 , in Zalesie Wielkie -- 19 October 1942 , in Warsaw ) was a Polish politician and lawyer .
Joseph Parslow ( 22 March 1812 -- 4 October 1898 ) was an English manservant , who worked as butler for the English naturalist Charles Darwin for over thirty years .
Anne Sutherland - Leveson - Gower , Duchess of Sutherland VA ( 21 April 1829 -- 25 November 1888 ) , 1st Countess of Cromartie in her own right and known as the Marchioness of Stafford from 1849 to 1861 , was a British peeress .
Lotte Toberentz , born Maria Charlotte Toberentz ( May 27 , 1900 -- after January 1964 ) was the head overseer of the Uckermark concentration camp for girls in its early years .
Percy Holmes ( 25 November 1886 -- 3 September 1971 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played for Yorkshire and England .
Mirza Bashir Ahmad ( 1893 - -1963 ) was an Ahmadiyya scholar and writer , and a son of Mirza Ghulam Ahmad , the founder of the Ahmadiyya movement who had claimed to be the promised Messiah and Mahdi awaited by Muslims .
Richard Norris Wolfenden ( 1854 - 1926 ) was an English physician and oceanographer
Charlie Doherty ( 23 January 1876 -- 5 March 1961 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
David Younghusband ( 1883 - -1965 ) was a residential architect and building contractor in Ottawa , Canada .
Johann Peter Alexander Wagner ( 26 February 17301 - -7 January 1809 ) was a German rococo sculptor .
Israel ben Meir di Curiel ( 1501 - -1573 ) was an influential 16th - century rabbi at Safed , Ottoman Palestine .
Zhang Hongjie ( 1979 - -2004 ) , also known as Steffi Zhang was a 25-year - old Chinese University of Canberra communications student found murdered in her flat in Belconnen in January 2005 .
Shmuel Dayan ( Hebrew : שמואל דיין‎ ; 8 August 1891 -- 11 August 1968 ) was a Zionist activist during the British Mandate of Palestine and an Israeli politician who served in the first three Knessets .
Peter Dowds ( 1871 -- 2 September 1895 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Aston Villa and Stoke .
Sebastiano Ceccarini ( 1703 - -1783 ) , born in Fano , was an Italian Baroque painter .
William McCance ( 1894 - -1970 ) was a Scottish artist , and was second Controller of the Gregynog Press in Powys , mid - Wales .
Furneaux Cook ( 1839 -- 19 January 1903 ) , born John Furneaux Cook , was an English opera singer and actor best known for baritone roles in the comic operas of Gilbert and Sullivan and Alfred Cellier on the London stage .
Johannes Eccard ( 1553 - -1611 ) was a German composer and kapellmeister .
Nicholas I Sanudo ( or Niccolò ; died 1341 ) was the fifth Duke of the Archipelago from 1323 to his death .
Giuseppe De Notaris ( 18 April 1805 , Milan -- 22 January 1877 ) was an Italian botanist generally known for his work with cryptogams native to Italy .
Kjeld Bonfils ( b. Copenhagen , August 23 , 1918 -- 1984 ) was a Danish jazz pianist and vibraphone player .
James Watson Corder ( 1867 - -1953 ) is a historian best remembered for documenting family history in Sunderland , Tyne and Wear , England .
Brian Kuttner ( 11 April 1908 London , England -- 2 January 1992 Birmingham , England ) was an English mathematician who worked on Fourier Series .
Thomas Melvill(e ) ( 1726 -- December 1753 ) was a Scottish natural philosopher , who was active in the fields of spectroscopy and astronomy .
Sir Brook Bridges , 1st Baronet , FRS ( 12 August 1679 - 16 March 1728 ) was a British barrister .
Isabella of Cyprus , also known as Isabelle de Lusignan ( born before March , 1216 or after 1216 -- 1264 ) , was the Princess of Antioch by her marriage .
Count Johan Adam Cronstedt ( 12 December 1749 in Stockholm -- 21 February 1836 in Stockholm ) was a Swedish Lieutenant General and governor of Östergötland County .
Graham Rathbone ( 22 August 1942 -- 8 January 2012 ) was a Welsh professional footballer .
Ilm - ud - din ( 4 December 1908 -- 31 October 1929 ) was a Muslim who murdered a blasphemous book publisher named Mahashe Rajpal for publishing the book Rangila Rasul , that offended religious values of Muslims .
Kurt von Wessely , also Curt von Wessely , ( German pronunciation : ( kʊʁt fɔn vɛsəlɪ ) ; d. 25 October 1917 ) , was an Austrian tennis player who was active during the beginning of the 20th century .
Mohammed Karim ( 1896 -- 1972 ) ( Arabic : محمد كريم‎ ) was an Egyptian film director , writer , and producer .
Charles Warne ( 1802 -- 11 April 1887 ) was an English antiquarian and archæologist .
General William Wemyss of Wemyss ( 9 April 1760 -- 30 November 1852 ) was a Scottish soldier in the British Army and Member of Parliament .
Arthur Lionel Smith ( 1850 -- 12 April 1924 ) was a British historian at the University of Oxford .
Rim Kin(Khmer : រីម គីន ) ( 1911 - -1959 ) was a Cambodian writer , and one of the founders of Cambodian modern literature .
Charles Kassler Jr ( September 9 , 1897 , Denver , Colorado -- April 3 , 1979 , San Diego , California ) was a painter , printmaker , and lithographer .
Saints Castus and Emilius ( died 250 AD ) are venerated as saints and martyrs by the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Churches .
Thomas Spring of Castlemaine ( died 1597 ) was an English Protestant soldier , landowner and Constable of Castlemaine in County Kerry , Ireland .
DeCoursey Fales ( 1888 - -1966 ) was a lawyer , banker , collector , bibliophile and yachtsman .
Ashraf Marwan ( Arabic : أشرف مروان‎ ) ( 2 February 1944 -- 27 June 2007 ) was an Egyptian billionaire and alleged spy for Israel , or possibly an Egyptian double agent .
August Heinrich Ferdinand Tegetmeyer ( 14 March 1844 Leipzig - 31 May 1912 ) was a German illustrator and engraver who provided the images for a large number of publications .
Major Edward Hay Mackenzie Elliot ( 30 November 1852 -- 5 December 1920 ) was a British soldier who served as Private Secretary to David Boyle , 7th Earl of Glasgow while he was Governor of New Zealand in the 1890s .
Sigurd Syr ( Old Norse : Sigurðr Sýr ) ( died ca . 1018 ) was a Norwegian petty king of Ringerike , a region in Buskerud .
Abraham of Arbela ( died c. 348 ) ( also known as Abramius ) was a bishop of Arbela in Assyria .
Lucien Wulsin III ( 1916 - -2009 ) was a lawyer , entrepreneur , banker , arts advocate , university trustee and erstwhile performer .
Nicholas Cresswell ( 5 January 1750 -- 26 July 1804 ) was an English diarist .
Antonis Katsantonis ( Greek : Αντώνης Κατσαντώνης ; c. 1775 - -1808 ) was a notable Greek klepht who lived in the era before the Greek War of Independence .
June Wandrey Mann ( 1920 - -2005 ) was a First Lieutenant in the U.S. Army Nurse Corps from Wautoma , Wisconsin .
Eivind Groven ( 8 October 1901 -- 8 February 1977 ) was a Norwegian microtonal composer and music - theorist .
Mahaveer Prasad ( Hindi : महावीर प्रसाद ) ( 11 November 1939 -- 28 November 2010 ) was an Indian politician .
Khun Sa ( Burmese : ခွန်ဆာ , pronounced : ( kʰʊ̀ɴ sʰà ) ) , also known as Chang Chi - fu ( Chinese : 張奇夫 ; pinyin : Zhāng Qífú ; Thai : จันทร์ จางตระกูล ; rtgs : Chan Changtrakul ; 17 February 1934 -- 26 October 2007 ) was a Shan warlord .
An Dehai ( Chinese : 安德海 ; pinyin : Ān Déhǎi ; Wade -- Giles : An Te - hai , 1844 -- 12 September 1869 ) was a palace eunuch at the imperial court of the Qing dynasty .
Prof Samuel Newby Curle FRSE ( 1930 - 1989 ) was a notable British mathematician .
Barry Albin - Dyer OBE ( 2 February 1951 -- 6 June 2015 ) was an undertaker whose firm Albin and Sons were known for their work repatriating the bodies of servicemen killed in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Yusuf Warsame Saeed ( Somali : Yuusuf Warsame Saiid ; Arabic : يوسف ارسام سعيد‎ ; died 7 April 2013 ) was a Somali politician .
Al - Mu'ayyad Ahmad ( 944 - 1020 ) was an imam of the Zaydiyyah sect .
James Bell Pettigrew , MD FRS FRSE FRCPE ( 26 May 1834 -- 30 January 1908 ) was a Scottish naturalist and museum curator .
Dr. Thomas Wrigley Grimshaw , CB ( 16 November 1839 -- 23 January 1900 ) was an Irish physician and surgeon who became Registrar General for Ireland from 1879 to 1900 .
Pietro Morgari ( 1852 , Turin - 1885 , London ) was an Italian painter , primarily of portraits .
Alexander Agricola ( /əˈɡrɪkələ/ ; born Alexander Ackerman ; 1445 or 1446 -- 15 August 1506 ) was a Netherlandish composer of the Renaissance writing in the Franco - Flemish style .
King Soane Patita Maituku ( 1947?- ) was the Tu'i Agaifo of the Kingdom of Alo from November 2002 until February 19 , 2008 , when he was deposed as the result of a unanimous decision taken by the kingdom 's four chiefly clans .
Sheyh Hamid - i Vali ( 1331 - -1412 ) , better known by his sobriquet Somuncu Baba , was an ascetic teacher of Islam in Bursa , Turkey , who exerted extensive influence and is known as a Muslim saint .
José Manuel Restrepo Vélez ( 30 December 1781 -- 1 April 1863 ) was an investigator of Colombian flora , political figure and historian .
Jean Abraham Grill ( 21 July 1736 -- 12 March 1792 ) , sometimes called Johan Abraham Grill , was a Swedish merchant , supercargo , director of the Swedish East India Company ( SOIC ) and ironmaster at Godegård with several factories .
Jared Sidney Torrance ( 1853 - -1921 ) was an American real estate developer , best known as the founder of Torrance in southwest Los Angeles County , California .
Marten Heemskerck van der Heck ( 1620 , Alkmaar -- 1660 , Alkmaar ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Richard Rushton ( 18 September 1902 -- 1981 ) , sometimes known as Dick Rushton , was an English footballer who made 62 appearances in the Football League playing for Lincoln City , Barnsley , Bury and Swindon Town .
Ludwig Dessoir , original name Leopold Dessauer ( 15 December 1810 -- 30 December 1874 ) was a German actor born in Posen , the son of a Jewish tradesman .
Vice Admiral Francis Hosier ( 1673 - -1727 ) was a British naval officer .
Ray Garby ( 16 January 1923 -- 14 March 2009 ) is a former Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Lieutenant Bolesław Kontrym ( Zatruka , Russian Empire , 27 August 1898 -- 20 January 1953 , Warsaw , Poland ) , also known by codenames Żmudzin , Biały , Bielski and Cichocki , was a Polish Army officer , a Home Army soldier , participant in the Warsaw Uprising and organizer of underground secret - police force Cichociemni .
Syahrir ( 24 February 1945 -- 28 July 2008 ) was a prominent Indonesian political economist .
Peter Jarman died on 23 July 2007 , aged 72 ( not 75 as some sources quote ) , and his funeral was on 6 August in Poole .
William Conyers , 1st Baron Conyers ( 21 December 1468 -- 14 April 1524 ) , also known as William Conyers of Hornby , was an English baron and aristocrat .
Des Hoysted ( 1923 -- 25 March 2010 ) was an Australian radio broadcaster and horse racing identity .
Zunduin Khangal ( Mongolian : Зундуйн Хангал ) ( 1948 - -1996 ) was a Mongolian classical composer of European music .
Ferid Džanić ( 1918 -- 17 September 1943 ) was a Bosniak soldier during World War II who was killed in southern France at age 25 during an anti - German rebellion .
Jan Prins ( 14 May 1944 in Zaandam -- 7 March 2008 in The Hague ) was a Dutch newspaper editor and journalist .
Æthelred the Unready , or Æthelred II , ( c. 968 - -23 April 1016 ) was King of the English ( 978 - -1013 and 1014 - -1016 ) .
William Keasberry ( 1726 -- 15 November 1797 ) , sometimes spelt Keasbury , was an English actor and theatre manager of the 18th century whose career was chiefly in Bath , Somerset .
Sir Alfred William Flux CB ( 8 April 1867 -- 16 July 1942 ) was a British economist and statistician .
Ameyo Adadevoh ( born Ameyo Stella Shade Adadevoh ; 27 October 1956 -- 19 August 2014 ) was a Nigerian physician .
Sir James Macklin , DL , JP ( 23 September 1864 -- 17 April 1944 ) was an English jeweller and farmer , active in public life in Wiltshire .
Baron Charles de Biencourt de Saint - Just ( 1591 or 1592 , Champagne , France -- 1623 or 1624 , Port - Royal of what was then Acadia , New France ) was a member of the French nobility and military officer .
Johann Friedrich Klöffler ( 20 April 1725 -- 21 February 1790 ) was a German conductor , composer , and administrator .
Jack Lipsham ( born 1881 , Chester ; died 1959 ) is a former English footballer .
Henry Foot ( 21 November 1805 -- 14 May 1857 ) was an English - born cricketer who played for Victoria .
Martin Grünberg ( * 1655 , Insterburg , then in East Prussia , now in Russia -- between 16 and 23 October 1706 or 1707 ) was a German architect and master builder .
Sir Philip St Clere ( died 16 May 1408 ) was a son of Sir Philip St Clere and Joan de Audley .
Leanna Field Driftmier ( 1886 - -1976 ) was an American radio personality and writer based in Shenandoah , Iowa .
Otto von Fürth ( 18 November 1867 -- 7 June 1938 ) was an Austrian physician , physiologist and biochemist .
Fernando da Guerra ( c. 1390 -- 26 September 1467 ) was a Portuguese ecclesiastic .
Abraham Aurelius ( 1575 -- 1632 ) was an English pastor of the French Protestant church in London .
John Bartlow Martin ( Hamilton , Ohio , 4 August 1915 - 3 January 1987 ) was an American diplomat , author of 15 books , Ambassador , and speechwriter and confidant to many American Democratic politicians including Adlai Stevenson , John F. Kennedy , Robert F. Kennedy , Lyndon B. Johnson , and Hubert Humphrey .
Thích Huyền Quang ( 19 September 1919 -- 5 July 2008 ) was a Vietnamese Buddhist monk , dissident and activist .
Rodrigo Gómez ( died 1146 ) was a Castilian nobleman and military leader under Alfonso VII . He governed large parts of Asturias and northern Castile , was involved in the politics with neighbouring Navarre , to whose royal family he was related by marriage , and took part in the Reconquista .
Diwakar Krushna Kelkar ( Devanagari : दिवाकर कृष्ण केळकर ) ( 1902 -- 1973 ) was a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Josephus Flavius Cook ( 1838 - -1901 ) , commonly known as Joseph Cook , was an American philosophical lecturer , a descendant of Pilgrims who started his ascent to fame by way of Monday noon prayer meetings in Tremont Temple in Boston that for more than twenty years were among the city 's greatest attractions .
Ezra Norton ( 8 April 1897 -- 4 January 1967 ) was an Australian newspaper baron and businessman .
John R. Sweney ( 1837 - -1899 ) was born in West Chester , Pennsylvania . , December 31 , 1837 .
Margaretha Sandra ( 1629 in Middelburg -- 1674 in Aardenburg , Zeeland ) , was a Dutch heroine , known for participation in the defence of Aardenburg during the siege of the French in 1672 .
Patrick Hepburn , 1st Earl of Bothwell ( died 18 October 1508 ) was Lord High Admiral of Scotland .
Dan Muller aka Daniel Cody Muller ( 1889 - -1976 ) , artist , illustrator and writer of the American West ;
Charles Sidney Leary ( November 2 , 1889 -- 1950 ) was an English - born lumberman and political figure in British Columbia .
Empress Dou Miao ( Chinese : 竇妙 ; died 172 ) , formally Empress Huansi ( literally , `` the diligent and deep - thinking empress '' ) , was an empress during Han Dynasty .
Giovanni Battista Tolomei , S.J. , ( 3 December 1653 -- 19 January 1726 ) was an Italian Jesuit priest , theologian and cardinal .
Frantz Oskar Mosfjeld ( 20 January 1896 -- 21 April 1977 ) was a Norwegian literary scholar known for his widely cited ( in the field ) opus magnum on Henrik Ibsen 's biography , Henrik Ibsen og Skien :
Lloyd Brevett OD ( 1 August 1931 -- 3 May 2012 ) was a Jamaican double bassist , songwriter , and a founding member of The Skatalites .
Johann Heinrich Tobler ( 1777 - -1838 ) was a singer and composer of Appenzell Ausserrhoden , active in the formative period of Switzerland as a federal state .
Berto Poosen ( 27 February 1944 -- 26 February 2012 ) was a Belgian volleyball player .
David Bellhouse ( 1764 - -1840 ) was an English builder who did much to shape Victorian era Manchester , both physically and socially .
Braccio da Montone ( 1 July 1368 -- 5 June 1424 ) , born Andrea Fortebracci , and also known as Braccio Fortebraccio , was an Italian condottiero .
Amnon Carmeli ( Hebrew : אמנון כרמלי‎ , born 22 August 1929 , died 4 December 1993 ) was a former Israeli footballer who played for Maccabi Petah Tikva , scoring the club 's winning goal in the 1952 State Cup final .
Campbell Drummond Riddell ( 9 January 1796 -- 1858 ) was an Australian Colonial public servant who served as Colonial Treasurer .
Humphrey Bowman ( 1879 - -1965 ) worked in the Education Departments in the British Protectorates in Egypt from 1903 to 1911 and Sudan from 1911 to 1913 .
Erwin Bälz ( 13 January 1849 -- 31 August 1913 ) was a German internist , anthropologist , personal physician to the Japanese Imperial Family and cofounder of modern western medicine in Japan .
Ben Zion Hyman ( 1891 - 1984 ) was a Canadian Jewish bookseller .
Dick Pointer ( before 1778 -- 1827 ) was an American frontier hero and an African slave .
Eduard Hempel ( born 6 June 1887 , Pirna died 12 November 1972 Gundelfingen ) was a German diplomat .
George Weston Wrigley ( 24 June 1847 -- 14 January 1907 ) was a Canadian journalist and social reformer .
John de St Paul ( c. 1295 -- 1362 ) , also known as John de Owston and John de Ouston , was Archbishop of Dublin 1349 - -62 and Lord Chancellor of Ireland 1350 - -56 .
Joseph Matthäus Aigner ( 18 January 1818 -- 19 February 1886 ) was an Austrian portrait painter , who studied under Friedrich von Amerling and Carl Rahl .
Michał Weinzieher ( born 1 June 1903 in Będzin , Russian Empire , Polish lands of the Russian Partition ; d. April 1944 in Kraków ) was a Polish art historian and art critic , museologist , and separately also a writer on constitutional law ( known for his studies of the thought of Leon Petrazycki ) .
Tony Biever ( 1908 -- 1990 ) was a Luxembourgish politician for the Christian Social People 's Party ( CSV ) and jurist .
William Fanshawe ( 1583 -- 4 March 1634 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1614 and 1625 .
Simon Peter Tilemann ( 1601 , Lemgo -- 1668 , Vienna ) , was a German Baroque painter who was active Bremen , Kassel and Italy .
Sir Edward Horsey ( 1525 -- 21 March 1583 ) was a conspirator against Queen Mary , then a soldier , ambassador and courtier under Queen Elizabeth .
Nicholas Greaves , D.D. ( 1605?--1673 ) was an English churchman who was Dean of Dromore cathedral , County Down .
Peter Smart ( 1569 - 1652 ? ) was an Anglican Puritan clergyman , kept imprisoned for 12 years after he preached against innovations in the ceremonies at Durham Cathedral .
William Holden Hutton ( 24 May 1860 -- 24 October 1930 ) was a British historian and a priest of the Church of England .
Antonio Fontanesi ( 23 February 1818 -- 17 April 1882 ) was an Italian painter who lived in Meiji period Japan between 1876 and 1878 .
Michelangelo Maestri was an Italian artist of the 18th century who died in Rome in 1812 .
Einar Fredrik Åke Tinius Nagell - Erichsen ( 15 February 1934 -- 12 November 2007 ) was a Norwegian publisher , noted for his leadership of the Schibsted media conglomerate which includes the broadsheet newspaper Aftenposten and the tabloid Verdens gang .
Duke William of Württemberg ( German : Herzog Wilhelm Nikolaus von Württemberg ; 20 July 1828 -- 5 November 1896 ) was an Austrian and Württemberg General .
Park Gil - ra ( Korean : 박길라 ; 1965 -- 1986 ) was a South Korean talent and singer .
Bill Drew ( 7 February 1890 -- 30 July 1955 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Sidney Edwards Morse ( 7 February 1794 Charlestown , Massachusetts - 24 December 1871 New York City ) was a U.S. inventor , geographer and journalist .
Georg Fritze ( 1 August 1874 -- 3 January 1939 ) was a German theologian , Protestant pastor , religious socialist and an anti - fascist .
William Ashburnham , 2nd Baron Ashburnham ( 21 May 1679 -- 16 June 1710 ) was an English landowner and politician .
Giovanni Ghiselli ( 15 November 1934 -- 26 February 1997 ) was an Italian sprinter who won three gold medals in one edition of Mediterranean Games .
Adeniran Ogunsanya , QC , SAN ( 31 January 1918 -- 22 November 1996 ) was a Nigerian lawyer and politician .
Růžena Vacková ( 23 April 1901 Velké Meziříčí -- 14 December 1982 Prague ) was a Czech art historian and theoritician , theatre critic and pedagogue .
Rani Mangammal ( 1689 - -1704 ) was a queen regent on behalf of her grandson , in the Madurai Nayak kingdom in present day Madurai , India , towards the end of the century .
John Swaine ( 26 June 1775 -- 25 November 1860 ) , was an English draughtsman and engraver .
Hugh Tyrrel ( Anglo - Norman : Huge Tyrel ; died 1199 ) was an Anglo - Norman noble and crusader ; he played a prominent part in the Norman invasion of Ireland , became the first baron of Castleknock and took part in the Third Crusade .
Francis Berry ( 23 March 1915 -- 10 October 2006 ) was a British academic , poet , critic and translator .
John Lemon ( 6 November 1754 -- 5 April 1814 ) was a British Whig Member of Parliament .
Hong Tianguifu ( simplified Chinese : 洪天贵福 ; traditional Chinese : 洪天貴福 ; pinyin : Hóng Tiānguìfú ) ( 23 November 1849 -- 18 November 1864 ) , also called Hong Tiangui and in Qing historical record , Hong Futian ( 洪福瑱 Hóng Fútiàn ) , was the second and last king of the Heavenly Kingdom of Taiping .
Banesh Hoffmann ( 6 September 1906 -- 5 August 1986 ) was a British mathematician and physicist known for his association with Albert Einstein .
Carel van Savoyen ( 1619 - -1665 ) , also known as Carlo da Savoia , was a Flemish painter of the Baroque period .
Alexander Francis Lydon ( /ˈlaɪdən/ ; 1836 - -1917 ) was an English watercolour artist , illustrator and engraver of natural history and landscapes .
Lionel Régal ( 21 July 1975 -- 15 August 2010 ) was a French hillclimbing racer .
Moshe Ben - Ze'ev ( Hebrew : משה בן זאב‎ ) ( 1911 -- 1995 ) was an Israeli jurist who served as Attorney General between 1963 and 1968 .
Henri Bacry ( 1928 - -2010 ) was Professor Emeritus at the Université de la Méditerranée .
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Janvier Woodward ( 1833 - -1884 ) , commonly known as J. J. Woodward , served in the U.S. Civil War as Army Assistant Surgeon and produced several publications on war - related diseases .
Sir Hugh Myddelton ( or Middleton ) , 1st Baronet ( 1560 -- 10 December 1631 ) was a Welsh clothmaker , entrepreneur , mine - owner , goldsmith , banker and self - taught engineer .
Ella Mary Leather ( 1876 - -1928 ) was a collector of the local folklore and songs of Herefordshire .
Thomas Isaac Mardy Jones ( 21 January 1879 -- 26 August 1970 ) was a British politician and miner .
On the morning of 23 January 1929 Arthur Desmond suffered a stroke in his apartment at 1353 North Clark Street , just a few blocks north of the Newberry Library .
Hilary Shuard CBE ( 14 November 1928 -- 24 December 1992 ) was an internationally known expert on mathematics in primary schools .
William Campbell Steere ( 1907 - 1989 ) was an American botanist known as an expert on bryophytes ( mosses , liverworts , and hornworts ) , especially arctic and tropical American species .
Rev. John Keep ( 20 April 1781 -- 11 February 1870 ) was a trustee of Oberlin College from 1834 to 1870 .
Helmuth Koinigg ( 3 November 1948 -- 6 October 1974 ) was an Austrian racing driver who died in a crash in the 1974 United States Grand Prix , only his second Grand Prix start .
Flora Finch ( 17 June 1867 -- 4 January 1940 ) was an English - born film actress who starred in over 300 silent films , including over 200 for the Vitagraph Studios film company .
Christofer Rutger Ludvig Manderström ( 22 January 1806 - 18 August 1873 ) was the Swedish - Norwegian Prime Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1858 - 1868 .
Bartholomæus Deichman ( 9 August 1671 -- 13 April 1731 ) was a Danish / Norwegian clergyman and book collector .
Sir Herbert Croft , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1651 -- 3 November 1720 ) was the only son of the Right Reverend Herbert Croft , Bishop of Hereford and Anne Browne , the only daughter of the Very Rev. Dr. Jonathan Browne and Anne Barne Lovelace .
Franciscus Patricius ( Italian : Francesco Patrizi , Croatian : Franjo Petriš or Frane Petrić ; 25 April 1529 -- 6 February 1597 ) was a philosopher and scientist from the Republic of Venice of Croatian descent .
Lefevre James Cranstone ( March 6 , 1822 -- June 22 , 1893 ) was an accomplished English artist known for his watercolor genre - style landscapes and oil paintings .
Mehmet II of Karaman , Mehmed Beg ( Turkish : Mehmet Bey ) , Mehmed Beg II , also known as Nasir al - Din Mehmed Beg ( ? - 1423 ) was the ruler ( Turkish : bey ) of Karaman in what is now modern Turkey in the 15th century .
Frances Jennings Casement ( 1840 - -1928 ) was an American suffragette and voting advocate from Painesville , Ohio .
Charles Cooper Henderson ( 14 June 1803 -- 21 August 1877 ) was a British painter of horses and coaches .
Henry Furnese ( after 1688 -- 30 August 1756 ) was a British politician .
Akaitcho ( variants : Akaicho or Ekeicho ; translation : `` Big - Foot '' or `` Big - Feet '' ; meaning : `` like a wolf with big paws , he can travel long distances over snow '' ) ( ca . 1786 - 1838 ) was a Copper Indian , and Chief of the Yellowknives .
Mary Gordon Calder ( c. 1906 - -1992 ) was a Scottish paleobotanist .
Reg Milburn ( 25 March 1927 -- 3 July 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Enos Bronson ( 1774 - -1823 ) was an American writer and newspaper publisher .
Zhang Zhenshi 张振仕 ( 1914 - -1992 ) was a famous effigy painter and fine art educator in China .
Khan Bahadur Sir Ghulam Muhammad Ali Khan GCIE ( 1882 - -1952 ) was the fifth Prince of Arcot and ruled from 1903 to 1952 .
Sir Antony Fisher ( Antony George Anson Fisher , also nicknamed AGAF ) ( 28 June 1915 -- 8 July 1988 ) was a British businessman and philanthropist .
Fred Pierce Corson ( 11 April 1896 - 16 February 1985 ) was an American bishop of The Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church , elected in 1944 .
Peter Hunter Blair ( 1912 - -September 1982 ) was an English academic and historian specializing in the Anglo - Saxon period .
Frith Banbury MBE ( 4 May 1912 -- 14 May 2008 ) was a British theatre actor and director .
John Michael Montias ( 3 October 1928 -- 26 July 2005 ) was an economist and art historian , well known for his contributions to the economic history of Dutch Golden Age painting .
Francis Constable ( 1592 -- 1 August 1647 ) was a London bookseller and publisher of the Jacobean and Caroline eras , noted for publishing a number of stage plays of English Renaissance drama .
Leopold II , Duke of Austria ( 1328 -- 10 August 1344 ) , a member of the House of Habsburg , was the younger son of Duke Otto the Merry .
Dr. Daniel Díaz Maynard ( 1934 ? -- 22 March 2007 ) was an Uruguayan lawyer and politician .
Hanns Georgi ( 21 September 1901 -- 23 October 1989 ) was a German painter , printmaker and book illustrator .
James Brolan ( 7 April 1964 -- 29 May 2006 ) was a British freelance journalist and television sound technician , who was killed while working for CBS News in Baghdad , Iraq .
Domnall mac Ailpín ( Modern Gaelic : Dòmhnall mac Ailpein , anglicised sometimes as Donald MacAlpin , known in most modern regnal lists as Donald I ) ; ( 812 -- 13 April 862 ) was King of the Picts from 858 to 862 .
Tekle Giyorgis II ( Ge'ez ተክለ ጊዮርጊስ , `` Plant of Saint George '' born Wagshum Gobeze ዋግሹም ጎበዜ lit . `` Governor of Wag , my courageous one '' ; died 1873 ) was nəgusä nägäst ( Emperor ) of Ethiopia from 1868 to 1871 .
Ilija Gregorić ( c. 1520 -- 1574 ) was a Croatian soldier , best known as the military commander of rebels during the Croatian and Slovenian peasant revolt of 1573 .
Mariano Noriel ( 1864 - January 27 , 1915 ) was a Filipino general who fought during the Philippine Revolution and the Philippine - American War .
Ulf Fase ( died 1247 ) was the jarl of Sweden c 1221 - 47 .
Sir Arthur Landsborough Thomson ( 8 October 1890 -- 9 June 1977 ) was a Scottish ornithologist .
Norman Stewart Mitchell - Innes , known as Mandy Mitchell - Innes ( 7 September 1914 -- 28 December 2006 ) was an amateur cricketer for Somerset , who played in one Test match for England , in 1935 .
Lewys Glyn Cothi ( c. 1420 -- 1490 ) , also known as Llywelyn y Glyn , was a prominent Welsh poet who composed numerous poems in the Welsh language .
Sipke van der Land ( 12 February 1937 -- 22 November 2015 ) was a Dutch preacher , writer , teacher and television presenter .
Francis Godolphin , 2nd Baron Godolphin ( 2 November 1706 -- 25 May 1785 ) was a British peer and politician .
Conal Holmes O'Connell O'Riordan ( pseudonym Norreys Connell ) ( 29 April 1874 - 18 June 1948 ) was an Irish dramatist and novelist .
James Kelly Cole ( 1885 - 1909 ) was a member of the Chicago Branch of the Industrial Workers of the World until his death in the fall of 1909 .
Moti Abba Rebu was king of the Gibe Kingdom of Jimma ( reigned 1855 - -1859 ) .
James DeRuyter Blackwell ( 18 March 1828 -- 5 September 1901 ) of Warrenton , Virginia is a celebrated author and poet of the American Civil War era .
Willie Paton ( 1 August 1925 -- 2005 ) was a Scottish footballer who played for Rangers and Ayr United .
Joseph Eric Stephenson ( 17 September 1914 -- 8 September 1944 ) was an English footballer who played as an inside left at both professional and international levels .
Juliette Bussière Laforest - Courtois ( Cap - Français , Saint - Domingue ( later Haiti ) 1789 -- 24 December 1853 ) , was a Haitian teacher and journalist .
Clelia Matania ( 18 September 1918 -- 13 October 1981 ) was a British - born Italian film and voice actress .
Dr. Thomas Neill Cream ( 27 May 1850 -- 15 November 1892 ) , also known as the Lambeth Poisoner , was a Scottish - Canadian serial killer , who claimed his first proven victims in the United States and the rest in England , and possibly others in Canada and Scotland .
George Younger , 1st Viscount Younger of Leckie Bt ( 13 October 1851 -- 29 April 1929 ) was a British politician .
Ge Fuyuan ( 格輔元 ) ( died November 7 , 691 ) was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty and Wu Zetian 's Zhou Dynasty , serving briefly as a chancellor during Wu Zetian 's reign .
Henry Charles Tonking ( b. Camborne , Cornwall , 17 Jan. 1863 ; d. Glasgow , 7 June 1926 ) was a British organist .
Edward Dwelly ( 1864 - -1939 ) was an English lexicographer and genealogist .
George Learmond ( or Learmonth ) ( c. 1478 - -1531 ) was a Scottish Benedictine who was Prior of Pluscarden and almost Bishop of Aberdeen .
Rev. Elwood Morris Wherry ( 1843 - -1927 ) was an American Presbyterian missionary to India where he spent forty years of his life ( between 1868 and 1923 ) .
John Wemyss ( c. 1579 - -1636 ) , also spelled Weemes or Weemse , was a Church of Scotland minister , Hebrew scholar and exegete .
John de Leche ( or John de Leck or John de Leek ) ( died 1313 ) was a canon of Dunkeld and prelate during the early 14th century .
Henry Alder ( 6 April 1874 -- 17 May 1949 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played one game with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mauritz Gisiko ( born 1794 , d. 1863 ) was a Swedish pianist and music educator of good reputation .
Stekšys ( or Steksė ) ( other spellings include Stakys , Stejkint , Stekintas , Stegikintas , Stegutas ) was a duke of Lithuania , killed in 1214 near Lielvārde during an attack against Livonia .
James Canby ( 1781 - 1858 ) was a businessman and banker based in Wilmington , Delaware , and an early American railroad executive .
Albert Hayhurst ( 17 September 1905 -- 8 November 1991 ) was an English cricketer and footballer .
S. E. Aimé - Joseph de Fleuriau ( 1870 - 1938 ) was a French diplomat , who served as Ambassador to London from 1924 until 1933 .
Murray Morrison ( 1820 - -1871 ) was a California State Assembly member , president of the Los Angeles Common Council and a judge of the Superior Court .
Eochaid mac Domangairt ( died ca . 697 ) was a king of Dál Riata ( modern western Scotland ) in about 697 .
Sultan bin Saqr Al Qasimi ( 18th century -- 1866 ) was the ruler ( 1803 - -1840 , 1840 - -1866 ) of the emirates of Sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah on the Trucial Coast ( currently known as the United Arab Emirates ) .
Marian Porwit ( 1895 - 1988 ) was a Polish military officer , a Colonel of the Polish Army and a military historian .
William Balmain ( 2 February 1762 -- 17 November 1803 ) was a Scottish - born naval surgeon and civil administrater who sailed as an assistant surgeon with the First Fleet to establish the first European settlement in Australia , and later to take up the appointment of the principal surgeon , for New South Wales .
Đỗ Thanh Nhơn ( died 1781 ) was an 18th - century Vietnamese military commander .
Duke Gong of Cao ( ? -- 618 BCE ) ( Chinese : 曹共公 ; pinyin : Cáo Gòng Gōng ) was the seventeenth ruler of the vassal State of Cao during the Chinese Spring and Autumn Period ( 770 -- 475 BCE ) .
Theulf ( died 20 October 1123 ) was a medieval Bishop of Worcester .
Elisha Leavitt ( 1714 - -1790 ) was a Hingham , Massachusetts , Loyalist landowner who owned several islands in Boston Harbor .
Ieuan Ddu ab Dafydd ab Owain ( fl . 1440 - -1480 ) , was a Welsh poet , also known as Ieuan Dafydd Ddu and Ieuan Dafydd ab Owain .
Francis David Charteris , 12th Earl of Wemyss and 8th Earl of March , KT , DL ( 19 January 1912 -- 12 December 2008 ) succeeded his grandfather in the family titles in 1937 .
Peston Padamji Ginwala ( 9 February 1919 -- 2 July 2008 ) also known as Pesi Ginwala was a noted senior barrister from India , working at Calcutta High Court .
Tripuraribhatla Ramakrishna Sastry or T. Ramakrishna Sastry ( Telugu : త్రిపురారిభట్ల రామకృష్ణ శాస్త్రి ) ( 10 April 1914 -- 21 May 1998 ) was a famous stage and film actor in the early period of Telugu cinema .
Rodney Diak ( 15 June 1924 -- 6 October 2007 ) was a British film , television , and theater actor .
Franco Bracardi ( 16 May 1937 - 27 February 2005 ) was an Italian actor , composer , pianist and stand - up comedian .
Don Lafferty ( 1933 - -1998 ) was a Grandmaster checkers ( British English : draughts ) player .
Cahalan Ó Corcrán , Irish Abbot , died 1001 .
Joseph Milton Bernstein ( September 30 , 1908 -- July 1975 ) was an American accused of spying for the Soviet Union and later confirmed as a Soviet agent by the US intelligence program Venona .
Stass Paraskos ( Greek : Στας Παράσκος ; 17 March 1933 -- 4 March 2014 ) was an artist from Cyprus , although much of his life was spent teaching and working in England .
Charles Vyse ( 1882 Staffordshire - 1971 Deal , Kent ) , was an English studio potter , noted for producing colourful figurines of characters seen on London streets .
Hilal Al - Ahmadi ( 1954 ? -- 17 February 2011 ) , who was an Iraqi veteran journalist with over 30 years of experience and well known for his reports about corruption , was assassinated in front of his home east of Mosul , Iraq .
Zhou Jiannan ( Chinese : 周建南 ; pinyin : Zhōu Jiànnán ; 1917−1995 ) was a Chinese politician .
Krushnashastri Chiplunkar ( Devanagari : कृष्णशास्त्री चिपळूणकर ) ( 1824 - -1878 ) was a social activist and a Marathi writer from Maharashtra , India .
Seamus Grew ( 20 July 1951 -- 12 December 1982 ) was a volunteer in the Irish National Liberation Army ( INLA ) who , along with Roddy Carroll , was killed in controversial circumstances by police officers from the Special Support Unit of the Royal Ulster Constabulary .
Thomas Philip Perkins ( 3 September 1904 -- 26 December 1978 ) was an English professional golfer best known for winning the 1928 Amateur Championship ( British Amateur ) .
Robert Guy Howarth ( 1906 - -1974 ) was an Australian scholar , literary critic and poet .
David Marine ( 20 September 1888 -- 6 November 1976 ) was an American pathologist .
Stephen Reville D.D. , O.S.A. ( 9 May 1844 - 18 September 1916 ) was a Bishop of Sandhurst , Victoria ( Australia ) .
Reginald Corbet ( by 1513 - -1566 ) was a distinguished lawyer in four reigns across the mid - Tudor period , and prospered throughout , although he seems to have been definitely Protestant in sympathy .
Chuop Hell ( 1909 -- ca . 1975 ) was a Cambodian statesman .
Livingstone Walker ( 14 June 1879 - 10 October 1940 ) was an English amateur cricketer .
Mary Ní Mháille ( died 1525 ) Gaelic - Irish Lady .
Arthur Tutin ( 1907 -- 1961 ) was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Aldershot and Stoke City .
Carl Herman Theodor Alfred Lagerheim , ( 4 October 1843 -- 23 May 1924 ) was a Swedish politician and diplomat .
Jonathan Carr ( 1942 - -2008 ) was a British journalist and author , who lived and worked primarily in Germany .
Abdul Kadir Shaikh ( 1926 - -2008 ) was a Pakistani politician who was the 13th governor of Sindh from 6 July 1977 to 17 September 1978 .
Tomasz Chołodecki ( 21 December 1813 -- 17 July 1880 ) was a political activist and Polish rebel and soldier , who took part in almost every major event that supported Poland 's independence in the 19th century .
Hermas Deslauriers ( 21 October 1879 -- 28 May 1941 ) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons , initially as one of the Laurier Liberals then as a Liberal member .
Gardner Colby ( 1810 - -1879 ) was a prominent businessman and Christian philanthropist .
Edward Thurlow , 1st Baron Thurlow PC , KC ( 9 December 1731 -- 12 September 1806 ) was a British lawyer and Tory politician .
Giles de Badlesmere , 2nd Baron Badlesmere ( 18 October 1314 -- 7 June 1338 ) was an English nobleman .
Fáilbe mac Pípáin was the eighth abbot of Iona ( fl . 669 - 679 ? ) .
Serafin Olarte ( died 1821 ) was a Totonac chief and general who led a revolt against Spanish rule during the Mexican War of Independence in ( then province ) Veracruz .
Arend Dickmann ( 1572 - -1627 ) , more correctly Dijckman , was briefly Admiral of the Polish Navy .
Antonis Migiakis ( Greek : Aντώνης Mηγιάκης ; born 23 October 1911 - 19 November 1999 ) was a star forward for Greek football team Panathinaikos in the 1930s .
Sterling Houston ( 1945 - -2006 ) was an African - American experimental playwright , actor , musician and prose writer renowned for his works of social commentary exploring black and gay identity .
The Blessed Giorgio di Biandrate , or Giorgio da Orazio di Biandrate ( died 1483 ) was a member of the family of the counts of San Giorgio Canavese in north - west Italy .
Margaret Gill ( 1797 - 1864 ) was born in Yorkshire , England , and was the first wife of American black actor Ira Frederick Aldridge .
Pierre Gauvreau ( 23 August 1922 -- 7 April 2011 ) was a Québécois painter who has also worked in film and television productions .
Eugène Train ( 1832 - -1903 ) was a French architect who taught for many years at the École des Arts Décoratifs .
Amalberga of Temse ( born about 741 , died 10 July 772 ) was a Lotharingian noblewoman from the Frankish royal house of the Pippinids who is celebrated as a saint in the Roman Catholic Church and the Eastern Orthodox Church .
Robert Vernon , 1st Baron Lyveden GCB PC ( 23 February 1800 -- 10 November 1873 ) , known as Robert Vernon Smith until 1859 , was a British Liberal Party politician .
Fritz Kortner ( 12 May 1892 -- 22 July 1970 ) was an Austrian stage and film actor and theatre director .
Samuel Stone ( July 18 , 1602 -- 20 July 1663 ) was a Puritan Minister .
Lain Singh Bangdel / Lain Bangdel ( Rai ) ( Nepali : लैनसिंह बाङ्देल ) ( 1919 - -2002 ) , was Nepal 's foremost artist , novelist , and art historian .
Anne Garber ( 1947 -- 17 July 2011 ) was a Canadian journalist , restaurant critic , food and travel writer .
Bagyi Aung Soe ( Burmese : ဗဂျီ အောင်စိုး ( bədʑì ʔàʊɴ só ) ; 1924 - -1990 ) was a Burmese painter renowned for his modernistic , semi - abstract art , which caused such a shock in Burma when it appeared that many called it `` psychopathic art '' .
Reginald Wilkie ( died 6 August 1962 ) was a British ice dancer .
Charles Wilson Greene ( 1866 - -1947 ) was an American professor of physiology and pharmacology from Indiana .
Theron R. Perlee or Per Lee , ( 1824 - -1894 ) , lawyer , soldier , 49er , politician and judge in the territory and early state of California .
Tewfik Mishlawi ( 1935 -- 24 January 2012 ) was a veteran Lebanese journalist who was well known in the Middle East and Arab world .
Jonathan Remington ( 1677 -- 1745 ) , was an Associate Justice of Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court appointed by Gov. Jonathan Belcher .
Edward Tooker ( c. 1592 -- 17 April 1664 ) was an English lawyer , landowner and politician who sat in the House of Commons at various times between 1654 and 1664 .
Per Fuglum ( 7 January 1924 -- 13 June 2008 ) was a Norwegian historian , born in Oslo .
Rawshan Jamil ( 8 May 1931 -- 14 May 2002 ) was a Bangladeshi actress and dancer .
Kanailal Shil ( 5 September1895 -- 1974 ) was a Bangladeshi dotara player , song writer , composer , and collector of folk songs .
Odd Nansen ( 6 December 1901 -- 27 June 1973 ) was a Norwegian architect , author , and humanitarian , credited with his humanitarian efforts on behalf of Jews in the early years of World War II and for being a founder of UNICEF .
George Best ( 22 May 1946 -- 25 November 2005 ) was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger for Manchester United and the Northern Ireland national team .
Berthe Bovy ( 6 January 1887 -- 26 February 1977 ) , sometimes known as Betty Bovy , was a Belgian actress who appeared in theatre , films and television programmes for over 60 years .
Henry Van Asselt ( 11 April 1817 , Elspeet - 7 December 1902 , Seattle ) was a Dutch immigrant to the US , one of the first to settle the area that is now Seattle , Washington .
Viking Dahl , ( 8 October 1895 - 5 January 1945 ) , was a Swedish composer , active also as a painter and an author .
Henry III , Lord of Waldeck ( c. 1225/1230 -- 1267 ) was a German nobleman .
Ereyanga ( r.1098 - -1102 CE ) was the son of Hoysala Vinayaditya and distinguished himself as a Chalukya feudatory during their campaigns against Dhara of Malwa .
Chief Billy Bowlegs or Billy Bolek ( Holata Micco , Halpatter - Micco , Halbutta Micco , and Halpuda Mikko in Seminole , meaning `` Alligator Chief '' ) ( ca . 1810 - -1859 ) was a leader of the Seminoles in Florida during the Second and Third Seminole Wars against the United States .
Scott Pembroke ( 13 September 1889 -- 21 February 1951 ) was an American director , actor and screenwriter .
Kevin Coen ( 1947 -- 20 January 1975 ) , was a volunteer in the Sligo Brigade of the Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) who was killed in Northern Ireland by the British Army .
Johan Zoffany , Zoffani or Zauffelij RA ( 13 March 1733 -- 11 November 1810 ) was a German neoclassical painter , active mainly in England .
Thomas Galloway FRS ( 26 February 1796 -- 1 November 1851 ) was a Scottish mathematician born in Symington , South Lanarkshire , Scotland .
Stephen Weston ( 1665 - -1742 ) was an English bishop and educator .
Pedro de Ezcurra ( 1859 - -1911 ) was an Argentine politician who served as Minister of Agriculture in the early 20th century .
Bob Flegg ( 19 August 1918 -- 7 July 1944 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League .
Hans Eng ( 1907 - -1995 ) was a Norwegian physician and Nazi collaborator during World War II .
Knut Wulff , born 1913 in Malmö , died 2002 , was a Swedish entrepreneur and pioneer in the beauty and cosmetics area , who created many successful products and brands within his company Pierre Robert .
Ragnvald Skrede ( 24 April 1904 -- 16 August 1983 ) was a Norwegian author , journalist , literature critic and translator .
Maurie Beasy ( 14 March 1896 -- 28 April 1979 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Romolo Panfi ( Florence , 1632 - Carmignano , 1690 ) was an Italian painter , active in Tuscany .
Sir ( William ) Ian Clunies Ross ( 22 February 1899 -- 20 June 1959 ) was an Australian veterinary scientist .
George French Flowers ( 1811 -- 14 June 1872 ) was an English composer and musical theorist .
Johan Gustaf Åkerman ( 1888 - -1959 ) was a Swedish economist who was Professor of Political Economy in what was to later become the University of Gothenburg . He was the elder brother to swedish economist Johan Henrik Åkerman .
Uc de Lescura or de l'Escura ( fl . 1190 - -1204 ) was a minor troubadour .
Robert Moore Williams ( 1907 - -1977 ) was an American writer , primarily of science fiction .
Fu Hong ( Chinese : 苻洪 , 284 - -350 ) originally named Pu Hong ( Chinese : 蒲洪 ) , courtesy name Guangshi(Chinese : 廣世 ) , was the father of first emperor of Former Qin , Fu Jiàn .
Fanny Parnell born Frances Isabelle Parnell ( 4 September 1848 -- 20 July 1882 ) was an Irish poet , Irish Nationalist , and the sister of Charles Stewart Parnell , an important figure in nineteenth century Ireland .
Rey Charol ( 1936 - -1990 ) was an Argentine film and television actor of African descent .
Filippo Salviati ( 1582 -- 22 March 1614 ) was an Italian scientist and astronomer from a noble Florentine family .
Edwin Atherstone ( 1788 - -1872 ) was a poet and novelist .
John Shillingford ( died 1458 ) , of Exeter and Shillingford , Devon , was an English politician .
Öljei Temür Khan , Bunyashir Khan ( full name : Bunyashiri , died 1412 ) was the Mongol khan of the Northern Yuan dynasty based in Mongolia .
James Napper Tandy ( about 1739 -- 24 August 1803 ) was an Irish revolutionary , and member of the United Irishmen .
Zafer Önen , ( 1 January 1921 Çorum -- 13 December 2013 Istanbul ) was a Turkish film actor .
Daifallah Masadeh ( 1938 -- 18 December 2015 ) was a Jordanian lawyer and politician .
Ognjeslav Utješenović Ostrožinski ( spelled Utješinović in some sources ; Serbian Cyrillic : Огњеслав Утјешеновић Острожински ; 21 August 1817 -- 8 June 1890 ) was a Croatian Serb politician and writer .
Kristian Hellström ( 24 July 1880 -- 14 June 1946 ) was a Swedish middle - distance runner and a sports administrator .
Andrea Bellunello , also known as Andrea di San Vito ( 1440 -- 1506 ) was an Italian painter active in the early Renaissance period .
Agostino Veneziano ( `` Venetian Agostino '' ) , whose real name was Agostino de ' Musi ( c. 1490 -- c. 1540 ) , was an important and prolific Italian engraver of the Renaissance .
Emma Maria Macfarren ( née Emma Marie Bennett ) ( 19 June 1824 -- 9 November 1895 ) was an English pianist and composer who used the pseudonym Jules Brissac .
Hans - Erich Voss ( or Voß , see ß ) ( 30 October 1897 -- 18 November 1969 ) was a German Vizeadmiral ( vice admiral ) and one of the final occupants of the Führerbunker during the battle of Berlin in 1945 .
Bruce Turner ( 5 July 1922 -- 28 November 1993 ) was an English saxophonist , clarinetist , and bandleader .
Al - Muzaffar Mahmud was the Ayyubid emir of Hama first in 1219 ( 616 ) and then restored in 1229 - 1244 ( 626 - 642 ) .
Saint Gordianus ( died 362 ) was a Roman martyr who was killed during the reign of Julian the Apostate , and is commemorated on 10 May.
Sheila Brown Napaljarri ( c. 1940 - -2003 ) was a Warlpiri speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Charlie Hurst ( 25 January 1919 -- 23 January 1999 ) was an English footballer who played as a centre - half for various clubs including Bristol Rovers , Oldham Athletic and Rochdale .
Domnall Mór Ua Briain , or Domnall Mór mac Toirrdelbaig Uí Briain , was King of Thomond in Ireland from 1168 to 1194 and a claimant to the title King of Munster .
Edward Brotherton ( 1814 - -1866 ) was an English Swedenborgian and a campaigner for educational reform .
Eugen Jochum ( German : ( ˈɔʏ̯ɡeːn ˈjɔxʊm ) ; 1 November 1902 -- 26 March 1987 ) was an eminent German conductor .
Boudewijn Catz or Cats ( ca . 1601 - 18 May 1663 ) was apostolic vicar to the Dutch Mission from 1662 to 1663 .
Sylvester Wackerle ( sometimes shown as Silvester Wackerlie , Sr . ) ( 1 January 1908 -- 3 March 1978 ) was a West German bobsledder who competed in the mid-1950s .
John Dignan , Bishop of Clonfert , 13 June 1880 - 15 April 1953 .
Maurice R. Bebb ( 1891 - -1986 ) ( or M. R. Bebb as he signed his work ) was a notable etcher and printmaker of the American Midwest , whose best - known subjects were birds native to Oklahoma and Minnesota , where he spent his time .
Ephraim Porter Felt ( 7 January 1868 Salem - 14 December 1943 ) was an American entomologist who specialised in Diptera Ephraim Felt worked mostly Nematocera and particularly Cecidomyiidae . However he was the State Entomologist New York State and so worked with all insects of economic or medical significance .
Professor Sir George Grenfell - Baines OBE DL ( 30 April 1908 -- 9 May 2003 ) was an English architect and town planner .
Karl Ludwig Nitzsch ( 6 August 1751 , Wittenberg -- 5 December 1831 , Wittenberg ) was a German theologian , a professor of theology since 1790 .
Guido de Summa ( died 1151 ) was an Italian Cardinal .
Dr. Preston Bradley ( 1888 - -June 1 , 1983 ) was an American clergyman , author , and lecturer .
Henry Wirtz Thomas ( October 20 , 1812 -- June 22 , 1890 ) , a Republican politician , served as the 12th Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from 1875 to 1878 under Governor James L. Kemper .
Hobart Baumann Amstutz ( 18 September 1896 -- 26 February 1980 ) was a bishop of the American Methodist Church and the United Methodist Church , elected in 1956 .
Shaykh Shams ud - Dīn Muhammad Amir Kulal ( d.772/1370 ) was born at Sokhar near Bukhara .
Games Slayter ( 9 December 1896 -- 15 October 1964 ) was a prolific U.S. engineer and inventor .
Jacob Bryant ( 1715 - -1804 ) was a British scholar and mythographer , who has been described as `` the outstanding figure among the mythagogues who flourished in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries '' .
Sir Thomas Lake ( 1561 -- 17 September 1630 ) was Secretary of State to James I of England .
Edward Daniel Clarke ( 5 June 1769 -- 9 March 1822 ) was an English clergyman , naturalist , mineralogist , and traveller .
Sir George Chetwynd , 4th Baronet of Brocton Hall ( 31 May 1849 -- 10 March 1917 ) was the heir to the Chetwynd baronetcy upon the death of his father in 1869 .
Augustinus Bludau ( 6 March 1862 -- 9 February 1930 ) was a Bishop of Ermland ( Polish : Warmia ) in East Prussia from 1909 - -1930 .
Domingo Crespo ( 1791 - -1871 ) was an Argentine politician who was governor of the province of Santa Fe from 1851 to 1854 .
Carlo Orsi ( Pavia -- London , 1894 ) was an Italian painter and sculptor .
George Thomas Moore Marriott ( 14 September 1885 -- 11 December 1949 ) was an English character actor most notable for a series of films he made with Will Hay .
Henry Neville , 5th Earl of Westmorland ( 1525 - -Aug 1564 ) was an English peer , member of the House of Lords and Knight of the Garter .
Arthur Sandes ( 1793 in Dublin or Kerry -- 6 September 1832 in Cuenca , Ecuador ) was the commanding officer of the Rifle Battalion of the British Legions in the Spanish American wars of independence .
Vladimir Winkler ( Russian : Влади́мир Фра́нцевич Ви́нклер ; IPA : ( vlɐˈdʲimʲɪr ˈvʲinklʲɪr ) ; 1884 - -1956 ) was a Czech sculptor best known for early 20th century buildings ' facades in Russian Siberia .
David Seth - Smith FZS , MBOU ( 1875 - -1963 ) was a British zoologist , wildlife artist , broadcaster and author .
Richard Jenkyns ( 1782 -- 16 March 1854 ) was a British academic administrator at the University of Oxford and Dean at Wells Cathedral .
Sir Edward Duke , 1st Baronet ( c. 1604 -- 1671 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons of England in 1640 .
William Keith , 7th Earl Marischal ( 1610 - 1670 or 1671 ) was a Scottish nobleman and Covenanter .
Alberto Randegger ( 13 April 1832 -- 18 December 1911 ) was an Italian - born composer , conductor and singing teacher , best known for promoting opera and new works of British music in England during the Victorian era and for his widely used textbook on singing technique .
Wilhelm Breckvelt , or Breekvelt ( 1658 -- 1687 , Düsseldorf ) , was a Dutch Golden Age painter .
Fortunato Arriola ( 1827 - -1872 ) , born in Cosalá , Sinaloa , Mexico , was a painter of portraits and luminous tropical landscapes that were very popular in San Francisco , California , where he came to live in 1857 .
Norman Kenneth Jernigan ( November 13 , 1926 -- October 12 , 1998 ) was the longtime leader of the National Federation of the Blind , the principal blind people 's organization in the United States .
William Paget , 1st Baron Paget of Beaudesert KG PC ( 1506 -- 9 June 1563 ) , was an English statesman and accountant who held prominent positions in the service of Henry VIII , Edward VI and Mary I.
Chang Kee - ryo ( 14 August 1911 -- 25 December 1995 ) was a prominent surgeon , educator , and philanthropist of South Korea .
Missak Manouchian ( classical Armenian : Միսաք Մանուշեան ; pronounced ( misɑkʰ manuʃjɑn ) , 1 September 1906 -- 21 February 1944 ) was a French - Armenian poet and communist activist .
Rose de Burford ( sometimes Roesia and sometimes de Boreford ) ( date of birth unknown - died 1329 , England ) was a 14th - century merchant and business woman in the City of London , England .
Clayton Milborne ( born after 1676 -- 1726 ) , of Bloomsbury Square ;
James Hartley Beal ( September 23 , 1861 -- 1945 ) was an educator , legislator , author , and pharmacist in the U.S. State of Ohio who was the first recipient of the Remington Medal for distinguished service to American pharmacy .
Richard Knill ( 14 April 1787 -- 2 January 1857 ) was an English missionary .
Jean Michel Claude Richard ( August 16 , 1787 - 1868 ) was a noted French botanist and plant collector active in Senegal , Madagascar , Mauritius , and Réunion , and a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur .
James Eadie ( 1827 - -1904 ) was a Scottish brewer who founded an eponymous brewery in Burton on Trent which operated for 90 years .
Joan Jackson , née Joan Hunter Dunn ( 13 October 1915 -- 11 April 2008 ) was the muse of Sir John Betjeman in his poem `` A Subaltern 's Love - song '' .
Erik Mesterton ( 4 October 1903 -- 10 January 2004 ) was a Swedish author , literature critic and translator .
Rogelio Polesello ( 26 July 1939 -- 6 July 2014 ) was an Argentine painter , muralist and sculptor .
Matthew Hay ( 1855 - -1932 ) was a Scottish doctor and champion of Public Health .
Arthur Sullivant Hoffman ( 1876 - -1966 ) was an American magazine editor .
Andrew Cassidy ( c. 1817 -- November 25 , 1907 ) was an early settler of San Diego , California
Charles Keith Linney ( 26 August 1912 -- 12 October 1992 ) played first - class cricket for Somerset from 1931 to 1937 .
Domnell Crone Ó Flaithbheartaigh ( died 1560 ) was a Lord of Iar Connacht , Ireland , and Chief of the Name .
Mary Barr Clay ( 1839 - -1924 ) was a leader of the American women 's suffrage movement .
Major - General David Limond C.B. ( 5 April 1831 - 10 July 1895 ) was a British soldier of the Royal Engineers ( Bengal ) and a member of a family with a strong tradition of military service .
Luciano García Alén ( 25 May 1928 -- 16 October 2015 ) was a Spanish physician and ethnographer , known for his studies of Galician culture .
Rosemary Edmonds ( 20 October 1905 -- 26 July 1998 ) , born Rosemary Lilian Dickie , was a British translator of Russian literature whose editions of Leo Tolstoy have been in print for 50 years .
Sir William Arbuthnot , 1st Baronet of Edinburgh FRSE ( 24 December 1766 -- 18 September 1829 ) was Lord Provost of Edinburgh and Lord Lieutenant of the City of Edinburgh .
Guecellone II da Camino ( born Guecellone da Montanara ; died 1187 ) was an Italian medieval noble and military leader , belonging to the Da Camino family .
On 19 June 1924 , he transferred from Class A of the reserves to Class C. Nothing more is known of John Stevenson Stubbs after that .
Carlos Albán Holguín ( died 11 March 1995 ) was a Colombian lawyer and politician who served as the 19th Permanent Representative of Colombia to the United Nations .
Charles Ambrose Zavitz ( 1863 - -1942 , born Coldstream , Ontario ) was born in 1863 into a family that was a combination of both Quakers and United Empire Loyalists .
Thomas Calston ( c.1361 - 1418 ) , of Littlecote , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
George Henry Lesch ( 1909 -- 1994 ) was the president and CEO of the Colgate - Palmolive company from 1960 to 1971 , and was also the chairman of the board of the company from 1961 to 1974 .
Edgar Charles Barnes ( 6 April 1909 -- 27 December 1987 ) was a pioneer in the field of industrial hygiene and the first industrial hygienist to work for a major U.S. corporation .
Thomas Beagley ( born 5 October 1789 at Farringdon , Alton , Hampshire ; died 21 February 1858 at Paddington , London ) was an English professional cricketer .
George Robert Elsmie ( 1838 - -1909 ) was a Scottish civil servant and judge in India , known also as an author .
Diana Wellesley , Duchess of Wellington MBE ( 14 January 1922 -- 1 November 2010 ) , was the wife of Valerian Wellesley , 8th Duke of Wellington , and a British intelligence officer during World War II .
Jane Gordon , Duchess of Gordon ( 1748 or 1749 -- 14 April 1812 ) , née Lady Jane Maxwell , was a Scottish Tory political hostess .
William Dingwall Fordyce ( 31 March 1836 -- 27 November 1875 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician .
Selim I Giray , Selim Khan Girai ( Crimean Tatar : I Selim Geray , Turkish : 1 . Selim Giray ) was a Crimean khan ( 1631 - -1704 ) .
George Tollet ( died 1719 ) was a mathematician and naval administrator .
Peter Spendelowe Lamborn ( 1722 -- 5 November 1774 ) was an English engraver and miniature painter .
Gyula Vályi ( 5 January 1855 , Marosvásárhely / Târgu Mureş -- 13 October 1913 , Kolozsvár / Cluj ) was a Hungarian mathematician and theoretical physicist , a member of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences , known for his work on mathematical analysis , geometry , and number theory .
George Guthrie Moir MA ( 30 October 1917 - 29 November 1993 ) , was a British television producer , Liberal Party politician , prominent Christian and writer who was one of the founders of Independent Television .
Michele Carlo Frari ( also mentioned as Mihovil Frari in Croatian sources ) ( 1813 , Split -- 1896 , Padua ? ) was a renowned professor of obstetrics in Padua from 1843 until 1889 .
Leik Munhtaw ( Burmese : လိပ်မွတ်ထော , pronounced : ( leiʔ mʊ̀ɴ tʰɔ́ ) ; Mon : မမောဟ်ထာဝ် ; c. 1432 - -1454 ) was the 14th king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu Kingdom in Burma for seven months in 1453 - -54 .
Bernardus IJzerdraat ( 1891 - -1941 ) was a Dutch resistance fighter in the Second World War .
Mary Hannah Fulton ( 31 May 1854-May 1927 ) was a medical missionary sent to South China by the Presbyterian Church .
Hu Songshan ( 1880 - -1955 ) , a Hui , was born in 1880 , in Tongxin County , Ningxia , China .
Joseph - Alexis Stoltz ( 14 December 1803 in Andlau -- 20 May 1896 ) was a French obstetrician .
Vicente Nebrada ( born Vicente Balbino Nebreda Arias , 31 March 1930 - 26 May 2002 ) was a Venezuelan dancer and choreographer .
Ludvig Stoud Platou ( 28 March 1778 -- 30 November 1833 ) was a Danish - Norwegian educator , historical and geographical writer , politician and State Secretary .
Lockhart Muirhead ( 1765 -- 1829 ) was a Scottish librarian , museum - keeper and academic .
Daniel Topolski ( 4 June 1945 -- 21 February 2015 ) was a British author , rower , rowing coach and commentator on BBC television .
Mohamed Mjid ( Arabic : محمد امجيد‎ ; 1917 - -20 March 2014 ) was a Moroccan politician and president of the Royal Moroccan Tennis Federation .
Tom Arklay ( 26 March 1914 -- 11 January 2002 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John Baptist Caryll ( 13 December 1713 -- 7 March 1788 ) was the third Jacobite Baron Caryll of Durford .
Rabbi Dovid Povarsky ( 1902 - -1999 ) is known for his erudite Talmudic lectures and his deanship as Rosh Yeshiva of Ponevezh Yeshiva .
Balthasar Báthory de Somlyó ( Hungarian : Báthory Boldizsár ; 1560 -- 11 September 1594 ) was a Transylvanian politician from the Báthory family , like his brother , prince Andrew Báthory , opponent of the Habsburgs in Transylvania .
Anna Lee , MBE ( born Joan Boniface Winnifrith , 2 January 1913 -- 14 May 2004 ) was a British - American actress .
Marcus Pløen Ingstad ( 18 August 1837 -- 24 September 1918 ) was a Norwegian scholar of Roman law and Professor of Jurisprudence at the Faculty of Law of the Royal Frederick University 1870 - -1918 .
James L. Clark ( 18 November 1883 in Providence , Rhode Island -- 1969 ) , was a distinguished explorer , sculptor and scientist .
Sherwin Burickson ( 1934 - -2004 ) psychologist , writer , and student of the ideas of G. I. Gurdjieff , was the first Jewish editor of the New Catholic Encyclopedia , and the author of A Concise Dictionary of Contemporary History , published in 1959 .
John Taihuttu ( 18 November 1954 -- 17 January 2016 ) was a Dutch professional football player of Moluccan - Indonesian origin .
Isidoro Arredondo ( 1655 - 1702 ) , an eminent Spanish painter , was born at Colmenar de Oreja , in 1653 .
Sir John Orde , 1st Baronet ( 22 December 1751 -- 19 February 1824 ) was the third son of John Orde , of Morpeth , Northumberland , and the brother of Thomas Orde - Powlett , 1st Baron Bolton .
Adolfo Celi ( Italian pronunciation : ( aˈdɔlfo ˈtʃɛːli ; aˈdolfo ) ; 27 July 1922 --19 February 1986 ) was an Italian film actor and director .
Friedrich Richard Petri ( 1824 - -1857 ) was a German - born Texas painter whose works recorded life in the original German immigrant settlements , and portrayed Native American tribes in family settings .
Friedrich Georg Hendel ( 14 December 1874- 26 June 1936 ) was an Austrian Hauptsschuldirektor ( high school director ) and entomologist mainly interested in Diptera .
John St Barbe ( 1742 - 1816 ) was a prominent English shipbroker and shipowner active in whaling , the transport of convicts and the slave trade .
François Mathieu ( 1962 - 2007 ) was a French neo - impressionist painter .
Henry Harland ( 1 March 1861 -- 20 December 1905 ) was an American novelist and editor .
Hugo Bettauer ( 18 August 1872 -- 26 March 1925 ) , born Maximilian Hugo Bettauer , was a prolific Austrian writer and journalist , who was murdered by a Nazi Party follower on account of his controversial views .
Philipp Hieronymus Brinckmann or Brinkman ( 1709 -- 21 December 1760 ) was a German painter and engraver
Hugh the Great ( 898 -- 16 June 956 ) was the Duke of the Franks and Count of Paris .
Elijah Mizrachi ( Hebrew : אליהו מזרחי ) ( c. 1455 -- 1525 or 1526 ) was a Talmudist and posek , an authority on Halakha .
Salvatore Toma ( 11 May 1951 -- 17 March 1987 ) was an Italian poet , born in the Southern Italian region of Apulia .
Girolamo di Benvenuto ( September 1470 - June 1524 ) was an Italian painter of the High Renaissance and son of the painter Benvenuto di Giovanni .
Massimo Consoli ( 12 December 1945 -- 4 November 2007 ) was known as `` the father of the Italian gay movement '' .
Knud Reimers ( 1906 - -1987 ) was one of the most important Scandinavian yacht designers of the 20th century .
Ferdinand Siegert ( 22 , April 1865 , Neuwied am Rhein -- 21 February 1946 , Köln ) was a German pediatrician .
Yuan Cha ( 元叉 ) ( died 525 ) , courtesy name Bojun ( 伯雋 ) , nickname Yecha ( 夜叉 ) , was an official of the Chinese / Xianbei dynasty Northern Wei , who initially came to power as the brother - in - law of Emperor Xiaoming 's mother and regent Empress Dowager Hu .
Louis Brennan CB ( 28 January 1852 -- 17 January 1932 ) was an Irish - Australian mechanical engineer and inventor .
Johann Christoph Altnickol , or Altnikol , ( 1 January 1720 -- 25 July 1759 ; dates of baptism and burial ) was a German organist , bass singer , and composer .
W. J. Hill ( 1834 - -1888 ) was an English actor , singer and comedian .
Johann Burchard Freystein ( 18 April 1671 -- 1 April 1718 ) was a German lawyer and hymn writer .
Bran Becc mac Murchado ( died 738 ) was a King of Leinster from the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin .
Józef Jacek Rybiński ( born February 28 , 1701 in Torczyn , died 1782 in Oliwa ) was a Cisterian and the last abbot of the Oliwa monastery .
James William Elliott ( J.W. Elliott ) ( 1833 - -1915 ) was an English collector of nursery rhymes .
Annibale Ciarniello ( 9 January 1900 in Bagnoli del Trigno , Province of Isernia -- 3 January 2007 ) was one of the last surviving veterans of the first World War at the time of his death , as well as the oldest medical doctor in Italy and one of the oldest people in the country .
Hermenegild Santapau ( 1903 - 1970 ) was a Spanish born naturalized Indian Jesuit priest and botanist , known for his taxonomical research on Indian flora .
Carlos Montezuma or Wassaja ( born c.1866 ; died 1923 ) was a Yavapai - Apache activist and a founding member of the Society of American Indians .
Luis Barrios Rojas ( 22 April 1935 -- 5 May 2010 ) , better known as Lucho Barrios , was a popular Peruvian Bolero singer , well known throughout Latin America , and especially popular in Chile .
Alexander Onufrievich Savitsky , also known as Ales Savitsky , ( 8 January 1924 -- 5 October 2015 ) was a Belarusian writer and public figure .
Jan Szczęsny Herburt ( 12 January 1567 -- 31 December 1616 ) was a Polish political writer , diplomat and a member of the Polish Sejm .
Peter Fairley ( 2 November 1930 in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia -- 4 August 1998 ) was a science journalist who was the Science Editor for Independent Television News and TV Times magazine the late sixties and early seventies .
Maurice Edmond Müller ( 28 March 1918 -- 10 May 2009 ) was a Swiss orthopedic surgeon who was instrumental in the development of internal fixation techniques to treat bone fractures and who also significantly advanced the development of the hip prostheses .
Potenciano Gregorio , often referred to as Potenciano Gregorio , Sr . ( May 19 , 1880 to February 12 , 1939 ) was a Bicolano musician .
Adolphus Bernays ( 18 May 1795 , Mainz , Electorate of Mainz -- 22 December 1864 , Rectory , Great Stanmore , Middlesex ) was the first professor of German in the King 's College in London , and second professor of German in England .
Martín Fernández de Vilches ( also Martín de Vilches ) ( born Vilches , Kingdom of Jaén , ? - Bonilla de la Sierra , died ( 13 November 1469 ) , was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Ávila ( 1456 - 1469 ) .
Si Guo ( Chinese : 思果 ; Jyutping : Si Gwo ; 10 June 1918 -- 8 June 2004 ) is the pen name of `` Frederick '' Tsai Chuo - tang ( Chinese : 蔡濯堂 ; pinyin : Caì Zhuótáng ) , a renowned Chinese and translator most active between the 1940s and 1970s .
Fritz Herlen ( or Herlin ) ( before 1449 -- October 12 , 1491 ) was a German artist of the early Swabian school , in the 15th century .
John George Macleod ( Kirkhill , 8 May 1915 -- Edinburgh , 4 April 2006 ) was a Scottish doctor of medicine and a writer of medical textbooks .
Landgravine Elisabeth Amalie of Hesse - Darmstadt ( Elisabeth Amalie Magdalene ; 20 March 1635 -- 4 August 1709 ) was a princess of Hesse - Darmstadt and wife of the Prince - elector of the Palatinate .
John Boaden ( 1792/3 - -1839 ) was an English portrait painter
Charles Makley ( November 24 , 1889 - -September 22 , 1934 ) , also known as Charles McGray and Fat Charles , was an American criminal and bank robber active in the early 20th century , most notably as a criminal associate of John Dillinger .
Bob Standfield ( 30 September 1915 -- 1 October 1993 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton and Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Paul Hansard ( 1922 - -2013 ) was a German - born actor on both television and film .
Chet Parker ( August , 1891 - -1975 ) was a hammered dulcimer player from Michigan .
Frans Geurtsen ( 17 March 1942 -- 12 December 2015 ) was a Dutch footballer , who played at both professional and international levels as a striker .
Moira Forsyth ( 1905 - -1991 ) was an English stained glass artist .
Robert Maillart ( 6 February 1872 -- 5 April 1940 ) was a Swiss civil engineer who revolutionized the use of structural reinforced concrete with such designs as the three - hinged arch and the deck - stiffened arch for bridges , and the beamless floor slab and mushroom ceiling for industrial buildings .
Thelma Dewitty ( 1912 - -1977 ) was the first African American to teach in the Seattle Public Schools , Seattle , Washington , U.S ..
Capt . Edward Lyon Buchwalter ( June 1 , 1841 -- October 4 , 1933 ) was a Union Captain in the American Civil War , corporate figure , banker and farmer .
Louis Kronenberger ( December 9 , 1904 -- April 30 , 1980 ) was an American critic and author .
Jerzy Adamski ( 14 March 1937 -- 6 December 2002 ) was a Polish featherweight boxer who won a silver medal at the 1960 Olympics and a European title in 1959 .
Professor Joy Tivy ( 1924 - -1995 ) was a physical geographer at the University of Glasgow .
Jumbe Rajab Jumbe ( 19 March 1940 -- 26 October 2005 ) was a Tanzanian politician and member of the opposition party Chama cha Demokrasia na Maendeleo ( CHADEMA ) .
Hans Willem van Aylva ( ca . 1633 , Holwerd - 21 February 1691 , near Leuven ) was a Dutch soldier .
Isabella Pallavicini ( died 1286 ) , sometimes Jezebel , was the marchioness of Bodonitsa from 1278 .
Chu Yuan ( 褚淵 ) ( 435 - -482 ) , courtesy name Yanhui ( 彥回 ) , formally Duke Wenjian of Nankang ( 南康文簡公 ) , was a high - level official of the Chinese dynasties Liu Song and Southern Qi .
Charles Philippe Dieussart ( also Charles Philipp ) ( ca . 1625 - 1696 ) was a Dutch architect and sculptor , active in Germany in the second half of the seventeenth century .
Archibald Crawford , 1st Baron Hungarton ( 12 September 1890 -- 14 June 1966 ) , was a British businessman .
Sebhat Aregawi ( died 28 February 1914 ) was a Ras of Ethiopia .
Baburam Acharya ( Nepali:बाबुराम आचार्य ) ( 1888 -- 1971 ) was a Nepalese historian and literary scholar who coined the name Sagarmatha ( सगरमाथा ) , for the mountain better known as Mount Everest or Chomolungma ( in Sherpa Language ) or Quomolungma ( Tibetan ) .
Mary Stanley ( 1813 - -1879 ) is known primarily because of her dispute in the Crimea with Florence Nightingale , whose friend she also was .
William Burlestone or Borleston ( died 1406 ) , of Harberton , Devon , was an English politician .
Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann ( 1 July 1801 -- 21 April 1877 ) was a German physiologist , anatomist , and philosopher .
Junior Heffernan ( 11 August 1989 -- 3 March 2013 ) was an Irish triathlete and then bicyclist who at the end of his cut short athletic career was competing mostly in Great Britain .
Pierre - Olivier Malherbe ( 1569 - -1616 ) was a French explorer from the city of Vitré .
Matthew Fell ( 23 August 1875 -- 17 March 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood during the early years of the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Francis Caldwell CBE MVO KPM ( c.1860 -- 17 April 1934 ) was a British police officer who served as Head Constable of Liverpool City Police from 1912 to 1925 .
Xu Miao ( 172 - -249 ) , courtesy name Jingshan , was an official of the state of Cao Wei during the Three Kingdoms period .
Haji Mohamad Misbach , commonly known as Haji Misbach or Haji Merah ( Indonesian : The Red Hajji ) , Surakarta , 1876 - -1926 , was an early communist figure from the Dutch East Indies who preached that Islam and Communism were compatible .
Edmund la Touche Armstrong ( 1864 - 1946 ) , was an Australian historian and librarian .
Þuríður Sturludóttir ( 1199 - -1238 ) was daughter of Icelandic chieftain Sturla Sighvatsson and Sólveig Sæmundsdóttir .
Charles de Lannoy ( c. 1487 -- 23 September 1527 ) was a soldier and statesman from the Low Countries in service of the Habsburg Emperors Maximilian I and Charles V of Spain .
George Kanngieser ( 27 February 1912 -- 27 January 1997 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Jan Wacław Machajski ( 1866 , Busko - Zdrój -- 1926 ) , pseudonym A. Wolski ( A. Vol'ski ) ( often corrupted in Russian as Makhaev ) , was a Polish anarchist whose methodology was thoroughly Marxist .
István Klimek or Stefan Climek ( born 15 April 1913 , death 12 November 1988 ) , was a Romanian international footballer of Hungarian origin who played as a striker .
M. Anto Peter Ramesh ( 26 April 1967 -- 12 July 2012 ) was a Tamil computer scientist and technical writer .
Collela Mazee died in the evening of Tuesday 7 March 2000 at Masaba Hospital in Nairobi , Kenya after being admitted to the hospital on the 4th Saturday suffering from cardio - pulmonary arrest .
John Dylan Morgan ( 3 May 1946 -- 5 March 2011 ) was a mathematician , physicist , hypnotherapist , and author .
Jean - Claude Irvoas ( 1949 - -2005 ) was a French employee of a street furniture firm .
Saint Agathangelus of Rome ( died 312 ) , was a Roman deacon and disciple of Clement of Ancyra , was a martyr during the reign of emperor Diocletian .
Sherard Falkner Allison ( 19 January 1907 - -31 May 1993 ) was an English bishop .
Hendrik Swellengrebel ( Cape Town , 20 September 1700 -- Utrecht , 26 December 1760 ) was the first and only Dutch East India Company governor of the Dutch Cape Colony who was born in the Cape .
Jacob Frederick Warouw ( 8 September 1917 -- 15 October 1960 ) , also known as Joop Warouw , was a military officer involved in the Indonesian National Revolution .
Dr Charles Bernard Childs FRSE ( 1895 - 1956 ) was a British physicist and mathematician .
Maria Pogonowska ( 30 October 1897 -- 15 July 2009 ) was a Polish scientist of Jewish origin .
Norm Cashin ( 15 July 1915 -- 21 July 1969 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rigord ( Rigordus ) ( c. 1150 -- c. 1209 ) was a French chronicler , was probably born near Alais in Languedoc , and became a physician .
Sir Thomas Spencer , 3rd Baronet ( 1 January 1639 - 6 March 1685 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679 .
Sir Muhammad Munawar Khan KCIE ( died 1903 ) was the Prince of Arcot from 1889 to 1903 .
Henry Haberfield Thomas ( 11 May 1886 - 17 October 1918 ) was an English aircraft designer and chief designer at S.E. Saunders Limited .
Germaine Cellier ( 1909 - -1976 ) was a French master perfumer .
Hugh Theodore Pinhey ( 7 December 1858 -- 6 February 1953 ) was a British soldier and one of the last surviving veterans of the Second Anglo - Afghan War .
Anastasios Andreou ( Greek : Αναστάσιος Ανδρέου , 1877 -- 1947 ) was a Greek athlete from Cyprus .
John Berridge ( February 1716 − 22 January 1793 ) was an Anglican evangelical revivalist and hymnist .
Frank Wilcoxon ( 2 September 1892 -- 18 November 1965 ) was a chemist and statistician , known for the development of several statistical tests .
Fydell Edmund Garrett ( 1865 - -1907 ) , known as Edmund Garrett , was a British publicist , journalist and poet .
Elias Constantine ( 22 May 1912 -- 22 May 2003 ) was a Trinidadian cricketer who played first - class cricket for Trinidad between 1932 and 1949 .
Anders Jahan Retzius ( 3 October 1742 - 6 October 1821 ) was a Swedish chemist , botanist and entomologist .
Ole Jacob Broch ( 14 January 1818 -- 5 February 1889 ) was a Norwegian mathematician , physicist , economist and politician .
Maurice Henry Pappworth ( 9 January 1910 -- 12 October 1994 ) was a pioneering British medical ethicist and tutor , best known for his 1967 book Human Guinea Pigs , which exposed the unethical dimensions of medical research .
Dae Wihae ( died 906 ) ( reigned 894 - -906 ) was the 14th king of the 7th--10th century Balhae kingdom , which encompassed modern day Korea and some southern parts of northeast China .
Lawrence Duhé ( 30 April 1887 -- 1960 ) was an early jazz clarinetist and bandleader .
Gheorghe Leonida ( 1892?-93 - 1942 ) was a Romanian sculptor known for creating the head of Christ the Redeemer , the statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil .
Fulvio Orsini ( 11 December 1529 -- 18 May 1600 ) was an Italian humanist , historian , and archaeologist .
Ede Király ( 23 February 1926 -- 10 August 2009 ) was a Hungarian figure skater .
Robert Carr Bosanquet ( 1871 - -1935 ) was a British archaeologist , operating in the Aegean and Britain and teaching at the University of Liverpool from 1906 to 1920 as the first holder of the Chair of Classical Archaeology there .
Franco Frasi , also known as Francesco Frasi ( 11 January 1928 -- 9 April 2009 ) was an Italian professional football player .
Han Hong - ki ( Hangul : 한홍기 ; 1924 -- 1996 ) was a South Korean football player and manager .
John C. Sullivan ( died 1830 ) was a surveyor who established the Indian Boundary Line and the Sullivan Line which were to form the boundary between Native Americans and white settlers in Indian Territory from Iowa to Texas .
Alhaji Abdurrahman Shugaba Darman ( 1920 - -2010 ) was a Nigerian politician from Borno State , and a contemporary of the late Sir Ahmadu Bello .
Kunhikuttan Thampuran ( 1864 - -1913 ) was an Indian poet from Kodungallur , Kerala .
Moshe Flimann ( Hebrew : משה פלימן‎ ; 1905 - -1973 ) served as the mayor of Haifa from 1969 to 1973 .
Brahim Déby Itno ( 6 June 1980 -- 2 July 2007 ) was the son of current Chadian President Idriss Déby .
Curumsey Damjee ( also spelled Karamsi or Kasamshi Damji ) JP , Rai Bahadur ( 1844 - 1918 ) was a noted businessman .
Richard Assheton Cross , 2nd Viscount Cross ( 28 January 1882 -- 14 March 1932 ) , was a British peer and civil servant .
Hayyim ben Jacob Alfandari ( 1588 -- 1640 ) was a talmudic educator and writer , teaching at Constantinople in 1618 .
Qi Yunshi ( 1751 - -1815 ) was a Chinese official and historian exiled to Central Asia between 1805 and 1809 who together with Wang Tingkai and Xu Song was prominent among the exiled officials employed by Songyun , the military governor of Xinjiang from 1802 to 1809 , to compile a gazetteer of Xinjiang .
Georg August Thilesen ( 20 December 1837 - 20 December 1917 ) was the Norwegian Minister of the Interior 1888 - 1889 and 1898 - 1899 , member of the Council of State Division in Stockholm 1899 - 1900 , and Minister of Finance in 1900 .
Senzangakhona kaJama ( ca . 1762 -- 1816 ) was a chief of the Zulu clan , and primarily notable as the father of three Zulu kings who ruled during the period when the Zulus achieved prominence , led by his oldest son Shaka .
Wang Zongji ( 王宗佶 ) ( died May 1 , 908 ) , né Gan ( 甘 ) , was an adoptive son of Wang Jian , the founding emperor of the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period state Former Shu .
Paul Haefliger ( 1914 in Germany -- 1982 in Switzerland ) was an abstract painter , art critic , writer and printmaker .
Joseph Weiß ( 1486 or 1487 - -1565 ) was a German Renaissance painter .
Hermann Steiner ( 1913 - 14 November 2005 ) was a Swiss inventor and businessman .
John Hastings , 2nd Baron Hastings ( 29 September 1287 -- 20 January 1325 ) was a medieval English Baron .
Rabbi Avraham Wolfensohn ( 1783 - -1855 ) was a Jewish rabbi , Talmudic judge and leader of the Askenazi community in Safed , Ottoman Syria in the middle of the 19th century .
Carl Jerrold Peterson ( 31 October 1936 -- 2 April 1969 ) was a United States Navy Lieutenant Commander and the commanding officer of Patrol River Boat Squadron 57 .
Vicente Lucio Salazar ( 20 December 1832 -- 14 February 1896 ) was Acting President of Ecuador between 16 April 1895 and 1 September 1895 .
John Neil McGilp OBE ( 30 October 1881 -- 1963 ) was a South Australian pastoralist and amateur ornithologist .
Ghislaine Dupont ( /ʒislɛn dypõ/ ; 13 January 1956 -- 2 November 2013 ) was a French journalist who specialised in African issues .
Preserved Fish ( 1766 - -1846 ) was a prominent New York City shipping merchant in the early 19th century .
Jean Baptiste Claude Chatelain ( 1710 - -1758 ) was an English engraver of French background .
André Lefaur ( 25 July 1879 - 5 December 1952 ) was a French film and theatre actor , notably working several times with director Sacha Guitry .
Agnes Nicholls ( 14 July 1876 ( some sources say 1877 ) -- 21 September 1959 ) was one of the greatest English sopranos of the 20th century , both in the concert hall and on the operatic stage .
Robert Spearman ( 1703 - -1761 ) was an English theologian , known as a Hutchinsonian .
John Clavell Mansel - Pleydell ( 1817 - -1902 ) , originally John Clavell Mansel , was a Dorset antiquary , known for contributions to geology , botany , and ornithology .
Happy Akhand ( Bengali : হ্যাপী আখন্দ ; 12 October 1960 -- 28 December 1987 ) was a Bangladeshi musician .
Gianna Persaki ( Greek : Γιάννα Περσάκη , French : Jeanne Persaki ; 1921 - -2008 ) was a distinguished woman artist , pioneer abstract painter and committed modernist , focused on the geometric structure of pictorial space and the thorough analysis of colour relationships .
Thomas Vincent ( May 1634 -- 15 October 1678 ) was an English Puritan minister and author .
Ronald Ferns ( 14 October 1925 -- 2 December 1997 ) was an English illustrator , designer , cartoonist and surrealist painter in oil and watercolour .
The Reverend George Turner Waldegrave MBE ( 18 March 1889 -- 15 May 1966 ) was the son of Reverend Samuel Edmund Waldegrave and Alice Millett .
Mikhail Marynich ( Belarusian : Міхаіл Марыніч ; Russian : Михаил Маринич - Marinich , 13 January 1940 -- 17 October 2014 ) was a Belarusian opposition leader from Homiel Voblast .
Gerard McLarnon ( 16 April 1915 , in Clitheroe , Lancashire -- 16 August 1997 ) was an English - Irish actor and playwright .
Benoni W. Finch ( died 1851 ) was an American pioneer .
Anthony Browne , 1st Viscount Montagu KG PC ( 29 November 1528 -- 19 October 1592 ) was an English peer during the Tudor period .
James Caughey ( 9 April 1810 -- 30 January 1891 ) was a Methodist minister and evangelist who was active in the United States , England and Canada .
Pope Benedict III ( Latin : Benedictus III ; died 17 April 858 ) was Pope from 29 September 855 to his death in 858 .
Andy Hughes ( 11 November 1965 -- 12 June 2009 ) was an English electronic music producer from Harrow , Middlesex .
Ratislaus of Rügen ( German : also Ratze , before 1105 -- 1141 ) was King of Rügen or Prince of the Rugians ( or Rani ) .
Clarrie Calwell ( 9 September 1896 -- 28 September 1975 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Charles Albanel ( 1616 -- 11 January 1696 ) , born in Auvergne , was a French missionary explorer in Canada , and a Jesuit priest .
Henri Charles Loeillot or Loeillot - Hartwig ( 1798 - -1864 ) , usually known as Karl Loeillot , was a French painter and lithographer .
Jayakanthan ( 24 April 1934 -- 8 April 2015 ) , popularly known as JK , was an Indian writer , journalist , orator , film - maker , critic and activist .
Ridgway Robert Syers Christian Codner Lloyd ( 20 December 1842 -- 1 June 1884 ) was an English physician and antiquary .
Charles Cooper Penrose - Fitzgerald ( 30 April 1841 -- 11 August 1921 ) was a Vice - Admiral in the Royal Navy .
John Richard de Capel Wise ( 1831 - -1 April 1890 ) was a writer and natural historian .
Thomas Copley , alias Philip Fisher ( born 1596 , Madrid , Spain -- 1652 , British colony of Maryland ) was an English Jesuit missionary in North America .
Philip van Artevelde ( c. 1340 -- 27 November 1382 ) was a Flemish patriot , the son of Jacob van Artevelde .
Eddy J. Changkye ( 2 February 1924 -- 31 October 1994 ) was a Mauritian diplomat , politician , Member of the National Assembly of Mauritius , municipal councillor , mayor , jurist , writer and poet .
John Burnet Biddulph ( 10 December 1796 Wigginton , Staffordshire - 3 March 1837 Graaff - Reinet ) was a South African explorer and trader who arrived with the 1820 Settlers .
Friedrich Wilhelm Brandtner ( 28 July 1896 - 1969 ) , known during his life as Fritz Brandtner , was a German - Canadian artist and art instructor .
Clarice Mayne ( 6 February 1886 -- 16 January 1966 ) was a music hall and variety theatre singer and performer .
Jasper Grosvenor ( 1794 - -1857 ) was an American financier of the early to mid 19th century .
After severe illness and suffering from depression , Nellie Cameron committed suicide through gas asphyxiation at her Taylor Square flat on 8 November 1953 .
Elvin J. Cassell ( December 3 , 1896 -- August 1970 ) was an American football coach in the United States .
George Lenne ( 20 February 1916 -- 18 February 2014 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Thomas Stewart , 2nd Earl of Angus ( b.b.1331 - 1361 ) was a medieval Scottish nobleman .
Ernest Blakelock Thubron , also known as Émile Thubron ( Boldon near Durham 15 July 1861 - 22 May 1927 Tokomaru , New Zealand ) was an Anglo - French motorboat racer and Olympic champion .
Harlan Lattimore ( November 25 , 1908- July,1980 ) , was a popular African - American singer with several jazz orchestras of the 1930s , most notably Don Redman 's .
Ma Yuanyi ( died 184 ) was a Yellow Turban rebel during the late Han Dynasty period .
Henry Rich , 1st Earl of Holland KG KB PC ( 19 August 1590 ( baptised ) -- 9 March 1649 ) , known as The Lord Kensington between 1623 and 1624 , was an English courtier , peer and soldier .
Giacomo Costa ( 14 December 1919 -- 22 January 2000 ) was an Italian Australian professional wrestler best known by his ring name , Al Costello .
Lord Henry Murray ( 13 June 1767 -- 3 December 1805 ) was a soldier and administrator who served as the fourth Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man .
Louisa Stevenson ( 15 July 1835 - -1908 ) was a Scottish campaigner for women 's university education , women 's suffrage and effective , well - organised nursing .
George Reavey ( 1 May 1907 -- 11 August 1976 ) was a Russian - born Irish surrealist poet , publisher , translator and art collector .
Gilbert Greenall , 1st Baron Daresbury DL ( 30 March 1867 -- 24 October 1938 ) , known as Sir Gilbert Greenall , 2nd Baronet , from 1894 to 1927 , was a British businessman .
Matthew Habershon ( 1789 - -1852 ) , was an English architect .
Richard Mowat or Mowatt ( 1865 - -1936 ) was a renowned and award - winning player of the Northumbrian smallpipes .
Radoslav Brzobohatý ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈradoslaf ˈbr̩zoboɦatiː ) ; 13 September 1932 -- 12 September 2012 ) was a Czech film and television actor .
William Pierce Stubbs ( 1842 - -1909 ) or W.P. Stubbs was a marine painter in the Boston , Massachusetts , area in the 19th century .
Henri Dobert ( 1915 - -1943 ) was a member of the Buckmaster resistant cell during World War II . He was in charge of gathering information on building , location and troop movement in the Cabourg - Houlgate sector in Normandy .
Warren Bruno ( died 2012 ) was a restaurateur in Atlanta and a community leader in Atlanta 's Virginia - Highland neighborhood .
Sir Charles Solomon Henry , 1st Baronet ( 28 January 1860 -- 27 December 1919 ) was an Australian merchant and businessman who lived mostly in Britain and sat as a Liberal Member of Parliament ( MP ) in the House of Commons from 1906 until his death .
Manuel Afonso de Guerra was a Portuguese Bishop who served as Governor of Portuguese Cape Verde from 1622 until his death on 8 March 1624 .
Sir Francis Grant Ogilvie CB ( 8 August 1858 -- 14 December 1930 ) was a Scottish educator , museum director , and scientist .
Dhammazedi ( Burmese : ဓမ္မစေတီ , pronounced : ( dəma̰zèdì ) ; c. 1409 - -1492 ) was the 16th king of the Hanthawaddy Kingdom in Burma from 1471 to 1492 .
Henry Edward Doyle CB ( 1827 -- 17 February 1893 ) was a British painter and draughtsman , and for 23 years the director of the National Gallery of Ireland .
Laura Drew , a.k.a . Singh Kaur or Lorellei ( 1955 - -1998 ) was a new - age music composer , vocalist and instrumentalist , who had a prolific career that lasted from the early 1970s to the late 1990s , releasing 23 albums .
Bona Sijabat ( c. 1800 -- 1862 ) was a well - respected and long - time chief of a Batak tribe .
Abu'l - Fawaris , better known by his regnal name Qawam al - Dawla ( April 1000 -- October / November 1028 ) , was the Buyid ruler of Kerman ( 1012 - -1028 ) .
Franc Rozman , nom de guerre Stane ( Slovene convention : Franc Rozman -- Stane ) or Stane Mlinar , 27 March 1911 -- 7 November 1944 ) , was a Slovene Partisan commander in World War II .
Franciscus Bonae Spei ( 20 June 1617 -- 5 January 1677 ) was a Catholic scholastic theologian and philosopher .
Sheikh Liaquat Hussain ( 1929 -- 23 September 2009 ) , was a Pakistani politician and political figure who was the Member of the National Assembly from 1997 until his death .
Abu Nasr Abdul Kahhar ( also known as Sultan Haji or Haji of Banten ) was the sultan of Banten from 1682 to 1687 , who was largely responsible for subjugating Banten to the Dutch East India Company ( VOC ) .
Robert Knight , 1st Earl of Catherlough , KB , ( 1702 - -1772 ) , was a British Member of Parliament for Great Grimsby ( 1734 - -41 , 1762 - -68 ) , Castle Rising , Norfolk ( 1747 - -54 ) and Milborne Port , Somerset ( 1770 - -72 ) .
Alghu ( d. 1265 or 1266 ) was a khan of the Chagatai Khanate ( 1260 - 1265/6 ) .
Lu Ruilin ( Chinese : 鲁瑞林 ) ( 1911 - -1999 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician and People 's Liberation Army major general .
Hoon Balakram ( 1876 - -1929 ) was an Indian mathematician , civil servant and Bombay High Court judge .
Sidney Clarence Garrison ( 1885 - -1945 ) was an American educator and psychologist .
Alardo de Popma ( born before 1617 ; d. 1641 ) was a Flemish engraver , who worked in Madrid in the early seventeenth century , according to the earliest references to his works .
Larry Bimi ( died 23 July 2011 ) was a Ghanaian lawyer and public official .
Major Sir David Hughes - Morgan , 1st Baronet ( c. 1870 - -16 March 1941 ) , born David Hughes Morgan ( he changed his surname to Hughes - Morgan by deed poll in 1925 ) , was a Welsh solicitor and landowner .
Major - General John Tombs ( 1777 - -1848 ) was an officer in the British East India Company .
Henryk Minkiewicz ( 19 January 1880 -- 9 April 1940 ) was a Polish socialist politician and a General of the Polish Army .
Carl Raymond Gray ( 1867 - -1939 ) was an American railroad executive in the early 20th century .
Mimi Aguglia ( 21 December 1884 -- 31 July 1970 ) was an Italian actress , who was born in Catania , Sicily while her own mother , actress Giuseppina Aguglia , was playing Desdemona in Othello .
Cyril Ritchard ( 1 December 1898 -- 18 December 1977 ) was an Australian stage , screen and television actor , and director .
Choe Chang - ik ( Hangul : 최창익 , hanja : 崔昌益 , 1896 in Onsong County -- 1960 in Pyongyang ) was a Korean Independence activist , soldier , Social Movements .
Brian Swatuk ( 9 July 1949 -- 13 December 2014 ) was a Canadian jockey in Thoroughbred horse racing .
Elisabeth Röhl ; née Elisabeth Gohlke ( born Landsberg an der Warthe 22 August 1888 : died Düsseldorf 21 September 1930 ) was a German politician who unusually ( at the time ) was also a woman .
Count Kálmán Hunyady de Kéthely ( born 13 October 1828 , died 17 May 1901 ) was a Hungarian nobleman from the Hunyady family .
Bernardino Ludovisi ( c. 1693 -- 11 December 1749 ) , also called Bernardo , was an Italian sculptor .
Søren Nielsen May ( born in Helsingborg , died 16 September 1679 in Holbæk ) , also spelled Søren Nielsen Maj , was a Danish priest , who was parish priest and provost in Holbæk .
Tibor Bitskey ( 20 September 1929 -- 2 February 2015 ) was a Hungarian television and film actor .
Philibert Le Roy ( died 1646 ) was a 17th - century French architect and military engineer who worked in the Baroque and classical styles .
Leonard Mullins ( 1918 -- 19 September 1997 ) was a scientist and long - time Research Director at the former Malaysian Rubber Producers ' Research Association .
Daniel Innes ( ca . 1835 - -1918 ) operated dry - goods businesses in Illinois and Kansas and was a Los Angeles , California , real estate developer and investor .
Ulrich Woronowicz ( 26 January 1928 - -7 December 2011 ) was an East German Protestant theologian and writer .
Frederick William Sanderson ( 13 May 1857 -- 15 June 1922 ) was headmaster of Oundle School from 1892 until his death .
Peretz Kidron ( 29 July 1933 -- 6 November 2011 ) was an Israeli writer , journalist , and translator .
Professor Sir Edmund Happold ( 1930 - 12 January 1996 ) , better known as Ted Happold , was a structural engineer and founder of Buro Happold .
Jacob Fegth ( also spelled Feght ) ( born 18 September 1761 at Tangen , Drammen , died 2 October 1834 at Tangen , Drammen ) was a Norwegian timber merchant and ship - owner , and one of the largest timber merchants of Drammen in the early 19th century .
Blessed Luigi Caburlotto ( 7 June 1817 -- 6 July 1897 ) was an Italian priest and was the founder of the Daughters of Saint Joseph .
Tomás de Torrejón y Velasco Sánchez ( 23 December 1644 -- 23 April 1728 ) was a Spanish composer , musician and organist based in Peru , associated with the American Baroque .
Zhang Chunqiao ( Chinese : 张春桥 ; 1 February 1917 -- 21 April 2005 ) was a prominent Chinese political theorist , writer , and politician .
Edward Ayshford Sanford , FRS ( 23 May 1794 -- 1 December 1871 ) was a British Member of Parliament .
Angus MacVicar ( 28 October 1908 , Argyll -- 31 October 2001 , Campbeltown , Argyll and Bute ) was a Scottish author with a wide - ranging output .
John Baughan ( 1754 -- 25 September 1797 ) was a carpenter who was convicted at Oxford , England , in 1783 as Baffen ( alias Bingham and Baughan ) , and sentenced to be transported for 7 years for stealing 5 blankets .
John Cargill Brough ( 11 February 1834 -- 7 September 1872 ) , was a British science writer , lecturer , editor and librarian .
Edward Turberville or Turbervile ( c. 1648 -- 1681 ) was a Welsh informer , who perjured himself in support of the allegations of a Popish Plot .
Rik Renders ( 6 November 1922 -- 24 December 2008 ) was a Belgian racing cyclist .
Qamaruddin Butt ( 1914 -- 8 June 1974 ) was a Pakistani cricket player , writer and umpire .
Leonardo III Tocco was the last ruler of Epirus , from 1448 to 1479 .
Amelia Jackson ( 1842 - -1925 ) was an accomplished musician and the wife of Rector W. W. Jackson of Exeter College , Oxford .
Edward Guthlac Sergeant ( 3 December 1881 , Crowland , Lincolnshire -- 16 November 1961 , Kingston upon Thames ) was an English chess master .
Adam Rapacki ( 24 December 1909 - -10 October 1970 ) was a Polish politician and diplomat
Baroness Kathleen Annie Pannonica de Koenigswarter ( née Rothschild ; 10 December 1913 -- 30 November 1988 ) was a British - born jazz patron and writer .
Juho Niukkanen ( 27 July 1888 in Kirvu -- 17 May 1954 in Helsinki ) was a Finnish politician prior to , during , and after the Winter War .
Uwe Gronostay ( 25 October 1939 -- 29 November 2008 ) was a German choral conductor and composer .
Bernhard Rawitz ( 23 August 1857 , Ostrowo - 28 December 1932 ) was a German military physician , anatomist and zoologist .
Peter Goelet ( 1727 - 1811 ) was a merchant and real estate entrepreneur of New York City .
Maurycy Orzech ( Polish pronunciation : ( mauˈrɨt͡sɨ ˈɔʐɛx ) ; nom de guerre : Janczyn ; 1891 -- August 1943 , Warsaw ) was a Polish - Jewish economist , journalist , politician and a leader of the Jewish Bund in interwar Poland .
Rosabelle Osborne , CBE , RRC ( died 8 May 1958 ) was Principal Matron at the British War Office , 1924 .
Gerald Oshita ( 1942 - -1992 ) was an American musician , composer , and sound recordist .
Franz Ignaz von Streber ( 11 February 1758 -- 26 April 1841 ) was a German numismatist and theologian from Reisbach , Lower Bavaria .
Sheikh Mohammed Aboulkhair Zaki Badawi ( Arabic : الشيخ محمد أبو الخير زكي بدوي‎ ) , KBE , GCFO ( 14 January 1922 -- 24 January 2006 ) was a prominent Egyptian Islamic scholar , community activist , and promoter of interfaith - dialogue .
His Honour Alan George Weall Coulthard ( 20 January 1924 -- 25 June 1988 ) , was a British judge , broadcaster , writer and Liberal Party politician .
Henry J. Oosting ( March 12 , 1903-October 30 , 1968 ) was an American ecologist and professor .
Rowland Meyrick ( Merrick ) ( 1505 - -1566 ) was a Welsh bishop of Bangor .
Kujō Michiie ( 九条 道家 ) ( 1193 - -1252 ) was a Japanese regent in the 13th century .
Edward Crofton , 2nd Baron Crofton ( 1 August 1806 -- 17 December 1869 ) , known as Sir Edward Crofton , 4th Baronet , from 1816 to 1817 , was an Anglo - Irish Conservative politician .
Louis Van Zelst ( 1895 - 1915 ) was a batboy , mascot , and good luck charm for the Philadelphia Athletics from 1910 to 1914 .
Dimitrios Botsaris ( Greek : Δημήτριος Μπότσαρης , 1813 - -1871 ) was a Greek Army officer and Minister of War .
Sir Hugh Segrave or Seagrave ( died c. 1387 ) was a Lord Keeper of the Great Seal and Treasurer of England under Richard II of England .
Eduardo Lefebvre Scovell ( 1864 - -1918 ) was a British artist who was born on 26 August 1864 .
Yasa'ur ( died 1320 ) was a Chagatai prince who launched a revolt against the Ilkhan Abu Sa'id .
William Cowper , 1st Earl Cowper PC KC FRS ( c. 1665 -- 10 October 1723 ) was an English politician who became the first Lord Chancellor of Great Britain .
Matilda of Flanders ( French : Mathilde de Flandre ; Dutch : Mathilda van Vlaanderen ) ( c. 1031 -- 2 November 1083 ) was the wife of William the Conqueror and , as such , Queen of England .
Adolius ( Greek : ' Αδόλιος , d. 543 ) was a Byzantine silentiarius and military officer , active in the reign of Justinian I ( r. 527 - -565 ) .
George Newell Bowers ( 1849 - 1909 , active 1872 - 1906 ) was an American painter in Springfield , Massachusetts .
John William Norie ( 1772 in London -- 1843 ) , was a mathematician , hydrographer , chart maker and publisher of nautical books most famous for his Epitome of Practical Navigation ( 1805 ) which became a standard work on navigation and went through many editions as did many of Norie 's works .
Howard Gaye ( 1878 - -1955 ) was a British actor who worked mainly in the United States .
Hermann Schreiber ( 21 August 1882 -- 27 September 1954 ) was a German doctor of philosophy , rabbi and journalist .
Concemore Thomas Thwaites Cramp ( 19 March 1876 - -13 July 1933 ) , known as Charlie Cramp , was a British trade unionist and political activist .
Pearse Hutchinson ( 1927 -- 14 January 2012 ) was an Irish poet , broadcaster and translator .
Francesco Martelli ( 1633 -- 28 September 1717 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic Cardinal .
Thomas Chaplin ( 1591 - -1672 ) was an English draper and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1659 and 1660 .
Tim Coffey ( d. 8 November 1999 ) was an Irish soccer player .
Richard Traubner ( November 24 , 1946 -- February 25 , 2013 ) was an American journalist , author , operetta scholar and historian , and lecturer on theatre and ( mostly musical ) film .
Svatopluk Pluskal ( 28 October 1930 -- 29 May 2005 ) was a Czechoslovak footballer and holder of a silver medal from the World Cup in Chile in 1962 .
James Hoey Craigie TD FRIBA ( 7 May 1870 -- 30 March 1930 ) was a Scottish architect .
Johnny Murray ( 25 February 1898,-- 12 November 1954 ) was an Irish soccer player during the 1920s .
Sandor Salgo ( Hungarian : Salgó Sándor ; Budapest , 10 March 1909-Palo Alto , California , 2007 ) was a Hungarian - born Jewish composer , conductor , and violist who emigrated to America in 1937 .
James Carnegie , 9th Earl of Southesk KT ( 16 November 1827 -- 21 February 1905 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Harold Wesley George ( c. 1887 -- 10 May 1915 ) was an Australian representative rugby union prop forward who saw active service and fell in World War I.
Dr. George D. Winter ( 1927 - 1981 ) was the British - born pioneer of moist wound healing .
Henry Peyto - Verney , 16th Baron Willoughby de Broke and de jure 24th Baron Latimer ( 1773 - -1852 ) was a peer in the peerage of England .
W. S. Bodey ( 1814 -- 1859 ) was a prospector from Poughkeepsie , New York who discovered gold in Eastern California .
Wang Buwen ( zh : 王步文 , pinyin : Wáng Bùwén ) ( b. 13 January 1898 - d. 31 May 1931 ) was a Chinese politician in service to the Republic of China and the People 's Republic of China .
Eugenios Eugenidis ( Greek : Ευγένιος Ευγενίδης , December 1882 -- April 1954 ) was a prominent Greek shipping magnate of the 20th century .
Henri Teixeira de Mattos ( 1856 - -1908 ) , was a 19th - century Dutch sculptor .
Alfieri Maserati ( 23 September 1887 -- 3 March 1932 ) was an Italian automotive engineer , known for establishing and leading the Maserati racing car manufacturer with the other Maserati Brothers .
Ali Çetinkaya , also known as `` Kel '' Ali Bey ( 1878 - -21 February 1949 ) was an Ottoman Army officer and Turkish politician who served eight terms in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey , including a period in 1939 - -40 as his country 's first Minister of Transport .
James Rennell Rodd , 1st Baron Rennell GCB GCMG GCVO PC ( 9 November 1858 - -26 July 1941 ) , known as Sir Rennell Rodd before 1933 , was a British diplomat , poet and politician .
William Hales ( 8 April 1747 -- 30 January 1831 ) was an Irish clergyman and scientific writer .
Zhu Dexi ( Chinese : 朱德熙 ; pinyin : Zhū Déxī ; 1920 - -1992 ) was a Chinese linguist , grammarian , and educator .
Ursula Günther ( 15 June 1927 -- 20 or 21 November 2006 ) was a German musicologist specializing in the fourteenth and early fifteenth centuries and the music of Giuseppe Verdi .
Paul de Foix de Carmain ( 1528 - -1584 ) was a French prelate and diplomat .
Michael Maybrick ( 31 January 1841 -- 26 August 1913 ) was an English composer and singer , best known under his pseudonym Stephen Adams as the composer of `` The Holy City , '' one of the most popular religious songs in English .
Ygo Gales Galama ( c. 1443 -- 25 January 1492 ) was a 15th - century Frisian warlord and Galama - patriarch .
Roseo José Dagdag Rosales , Jr. ( 24 March 1974 -- 4 December 2011 ) also known as RJ Rosales , was a Filipino Australian singer , actor , musical theatre performer and TV presenter .
Marie - Anne Fragonard , née Gérard,(1745 - -1823 ) was a French painter of portrait miniatures .
Hazel Bell Wines ( 1885 - -April 1949 ) was a US teacher , politician , artist , and organizer for historical preservation in Nevada .
Leo Passianos ( died 22 June 1017 ) was the Byzantine general sent by the Catapan of Italy Leo Tornikios Kontoleon to fight the Lombard rebel Melus of Bari in 1017 .
Gáspár Heltai ( born : Kaspar Helth ) ( c. 1490 - -1574 ) was a Transylvanian Saxon writer and printer .
Anton Schwarzkopf ( 8 July 1924 -- 30 July 2001 ) was a German engineer of amusement rides , and founder of the Schwarzkopf Industries Company , which built numerous amusement rides and large roller coasters for both amusement parks and travelling funfairs .
Laura Henderson ( 6 December 1863 -- 29 November 1944 ) born Laura Forster , rose to prominence in the 1930s when , as a wealthy and eccentric widow , she founded the Windmill Theatre in London 's Great Windmill Street , in partnership with Vivian van Damm .
Sir Philip Carteret , 2nd Baronet ( c. 1650 - -1693 ) , also known as Philippe de Carteret IV , was the 5th Seigneur of Sark from 1663 to 1693 .
Frederick Tatham ( 31 July 1805 -- 29 July 1878 ) was an English artist who was a member of the Shoreham Ancients , a group of followers of William Blake .
Nissim Eliad ( Hebrew : נסים אליעד‎ , 1 July 1919 -- 15 November 2014 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the Independent Liberals between 1968 and 1977 .
Robert Brough ( 1872 -- 21 January 1905 ) was a Scottish painter born in Invergordon , Ross and Cromarty .
Frederick Victor Branford ( 1892 - -1941 ) was a British poet , known for verse of World War I and the years after .
Rusiate Nayacakalou ( 1927 - -1972 ) was a Fijian social anthropologist who was a graduate of the universities of New Zealand and London .
Lama Dampa Sonam Gyaltsen ( 16 May 1312 - 23 July 1375 ) , in orthographic spelling bLa ma dam pa bsod nams rgyal mts'an , was a ruler of Sakya which had a precedence position in Tibet under the Yuan dynasty .
Margrethe Vullum ( born Lehmann ; first married name Rode ; 14 February 1846 -- 14 August 1918 ) was a Danish - born Norwegian journalist , literary critic and proponent for women 's rights .
Mario Soffici ( 14 May 1900 -- 10 May 1977 ) was an Italian born Argentine film director , actor and screenwriter of the classic era .
Elias Riggs ( November 19 , 1810 -- January 17 , 1901 ) was an American Presbyterian missionary and linguist born in New Providence , New Jersey .
William Sidell ( 30 May 1915 -- 2 October 1994 ) was a carpenter and an American labor leader .
Eliza Greene Metcalf Radeke ( 1854 - 1931 ) was the president of the Rhode Island School of Design ( RISD ) in Providence , Rhode Island from 1913 to 1931 and was the daughter of RISD co - founder Helen Adelia Rowe Metcalf .
Anne Woodville , Viscountess Bourchier ( c. 1438 -- 30 July 1489 ) was an English noblewoman .
Walter Clement Powell ( 1850 - -1883 ) was an American photographer and the first cousin of Major John Wesley Powell .
Árpád Házi ( 20 September 1908 -- 13 November 1970 ) was a Hungarian communist politician , who served as Interior Minister between 1951 and 1952 .
Saint Guiraud ( 1070 - -1123 ) was a bishop of Béziers of the twelfth century He is said to have been the second prior of Cassan Abbey .
George Passantino ( 1922 - -2004 ) was an American artist , teacher , and author .
John II Orsini , also John Komnenos Doukas or Comnenus Ducas ( Greek : Ἰωάννης Κομνηνός Δούκας , Iōannēs Komnēnos Doukas , Italian : Giovanni II Orsini ) , was count palatine of Cephalonia from 1323 to 1324 and Despot of Epirus from 1323 to 1335 .
Sir Laurence Esmonde , 1st Baron Esmonde ( 1570?--1646 ) , was an Irish peer who held office as governor of the crucial fort of Duncannon .
Al - Layth ibn Ali ibn al - Layth ( died 928 ) was amir of the Saffarid amirate from 909 until 910 .
Charles Mahoney , O.F.M. , ( or Mahony ; alias Charles Meehan ; ca . 1640 -- 12 August 1679 ) was an Irish Friar Minor , who is honored as a Catholic martyr , one of the Eighty - five martyrs of England and Wales beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1987 .
Rufius Antonius Agrypnius Volusianus ( died 6 January 437 ) was a fifth - century Roman aristocrat who held at least two important posts during the reign of the emperor Honorius .
João Pereira dos Santos or Mestre João Pequeno de Pastinha ( 27 December 1917 -- 9 December 2011 ) as he was known within capoeira circles .
Roger Palmer , 1st Earl of Castlemaine , PC ( 1634 - -1705 ) was an English courtier , diplomat , and politician who sat in the House of Commons in 1660 .
David de Berry ( 1952 - -1995 ) was a U.S. composer of theater music as well as an actor and music director .
Edwin Daniel ( 1981 - -2008 ) was a Mexican artist , painter and illustrator .
Simon Kaspé ( died 1933 ) was a Jewish resident of Harbin , Manchuria , who was kidnapped , ransomed , tortured and murdered by a gang of fascist Russian criminals under the influence of Konstantin Rodzaevsky .
Bogusław IX ; ( 1407/1410 -- 7 December 1446 ) was a duke of Pomerania in Pomerania - Stolp , whose residence was Stargard .
William Chapman Foster ( 27 April 1897 - 15 October 1984 ) was an American businessman and high - ranking government official .
Gaston Sant Blanc ( 1759 - -1820 ) was a self - educated French watchmaker , the founder of the Sant Blanc watch and jewelry company .
John III Potho of Pothenstein ( also spelled Pottenstein ; d. 1390 ) was Bishop of Bishopric of Münster from 1379 to 1382 .
Georges - André Chevallaz ( 7 February 1915 -- 8 September 2002 ) was a Swiss historian , politician and member of the Swiss Federal Council ( 1974 - -1983 ) .
Levi Weeks ( 1776 - -1819 ) was the accused in the infamous Manhattan Well Murder trial of 1800 , the first murder trial in the United States for which there is a recorded transcript .
George Lily ( died 1559 ) was an English Roman Catholic priest , humanist scholar , biographer , topographer and cartographer .
Vytautas Sakalauskas ( 24 April 1933 -- 29 May 2001 ) was a Soviet Lithuanian politician who was the last Chairman of the Council of Ministers ( Prime Minister ) of the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic before Lithuanian independence in 1990 .
Gertrud Grunow ( 8 July 1870 -- 11 June 1944 ) was a German composer , associated with the Bauhaus design school where she taught courses on musical composition and theory .
Petter Moe - Johansen , usually known as P. Moe - Johansen ( 16 October 1882 -- 1 April 1952 ) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties .
Lizzie Higgins ( 1929 - 1993 ) was an Aberdeenshire ballad singer .
Pieter Paulus ( 9 April 1754 -- 17 March 1796 ) was a Dutch jurist , admiral - fiscal and politician .
Frederick Carlisle ( 4 November 1849 -- 22 October 1920 ) was an English cricketer active in 1869 who played for Lancashire .
Jama Mohamud Takar ( Somali : Jaamac ( Joocaar ) Maxamuud Takar ) ( 1930s -- November 2008 ) was a senior Somali politician and one of the leaders of Mohamed Muumin , a Leelkase sub - clan .
Charles Fielding ( or Feilding ; 2 July 1738 -- 11 January 1783 ) was a British naval officer who gained brief notoriety for his role in the Affair of Fielding and Bylandt in the run - up to the Fourth Anglo - Dutch War .
Saint Maughold ( Macaille , Maccaldus , Machalus , Machaoi , Machella , Maghor , Mawgan , Maccul , Macc Cuill ) of Man ( died ca . 488 AD ) is venerated as the patron saint of the Isle of Man .
Gabriel Ramushwana ( 1 July 1941 -- 12 January 2015 ) was a head of state of the South African Bantustan Venda ( 1990 - -1994 ) .
Herbert Hensley Henson ( 8 November 1863 -- 27 September 1947 ) was an Anglican priest , scholar and controversialist .
Carl Fehmer ( November 10 , 1838 -- 1917 ) was a prominent Boston architect during the 19th century , and Emerson and Fehmer was a partnership of Fehmer and William Ralph Emerson .
Sir Macpherson Robertson KBE ( 6 September 1859 -- 20 August 1945 ) was an Australian philanthropist , entrepreneur and founder of confectionery company MacRobertson 's .
Clarrie Featherston ( 11 December 1892 -- 22 June 1964 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Christos Hatzipetros ( Greek : Χρήστος Χατζηπέτρος , 1873 - -1945 ) was a Greek artillery officer who rose to the rank of Major General .
Marlo Lewis ( September 15 , 1915 -- June 8 , 1993 ) was an American executive producer of variety and comedy shows for CBS and is well known for co - producing the famous Ed Sullivan Show .
Ethel Watts Mumford ( 1876 or 78 ? -- 1940 ) was an American author from New York .
John Smith Clarke ( 4 February 1885 -- 30 January 1959 ) was a British lion tamer , politician , poet , newspaper editor and art expert .
Johanna Budwig ( 30 September 1908 -- 19 May 2003 ) was a German biochemist and author .
Henry Wainwright ( died 21 December 1875 ) was an English murderer .
Oswald Martyn ( 10 January 1887 -- 14 September 1959 ) was an English cricketer who played for Essex .
Derek Waring ( born Derek Barton - Chapple ; 26 April 1927 -- 20 February 2007 ) was an English actor who is best remembered for playing Detective Inspector Goss in Z - Cars from 1969 to 1973 .
Will Seymour Monroe ( 1863 Hunlock , Pennsylvania -- 1939 ) was a United States educator .
Xue Muqiao ( Chinese : 薛暮桥 ; pinyin : Xuē Mùqiáo ; 25 October 1904 - 22 July 2005 ) was a Chinese economist .
Satinath Bhaduri ( 27 September 1906 -- 30 March 1965 ) was a Bengali Indian novelist and politician .
Dora Meeson ( 1869 - -1955 ) was an Australian Artist and an elected member of the Royal Institute of Oil Painters in London , England .
Giuseppe Benoni ( 1618 - -1684 ) was an Italian architect , active during the Baroque period , mainly in Venice .
Joshua Percy Flowers ( 1903 -- 1982 ) began purchasing land in the early years of the Great Depression to farm cotton and tobacco , and it produced crops until the 1970s .
Rudolf van Reest ( 12 April 1897 in Rotterdam -- 29 November 1979 in Groenekan ) was the pseudonym of the Dutch writer Karel Cornelis van Spronsen .
Elizabeth Audrey Withers OBE ( 28 March 1905 -- 26 October 2001 ) , known as Audrey Withers , was an English journalist , also active as a member of the Council of Industrial Design .
William Hugh Beeton , CMG ( 14 October 1903 - 26 March 1976 ) was the Chief Commissioner of Ashanti , which became Ghana in 1957 .
Thomas Barrasford ( 1859 - -1910 ) was a 19th - century English business entrepreneur and entertainment impresario , who owned and built a number of theatres across Britain under the Barrasford Halls brand .
John de Vars Hazard MC ( 18 August 1888 -- 12 June 1968 ) was a British Army officer and mountaineer who took part in the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition , most famous for the disappearance of the mountaineers George Mallory and Andrew `` Sandy '' Irvine .
Sir Harold Basil Houldsworth , 2nd Baronet ( 21 July 1922 -- 24 March 1990 ) was a British anæsthetist and Liberal Party politician .
Jesper Mattson Cruus af Edeby ( 1576 - -1622 ) was a Swedish soldier and politician , being appointed Privy Councilor in 1612 , Field Marshal in 1615 , Lord High Treasurer in 1615 , and Governor of Riga in 1621 .
Ahmet Turan Emeksiz ( b. 1940 - d. 28 April 1960 ) was a Turkish university student who was killed in 1960 street demonstrations .
Bhau Kalchuri ( January 13 , 1927 -- 23 October 2013 ) , born Vir Singh Kalchuri , was an Indian author , poet , trust administrator , and one of Meher Baba 's mandali ( close disciples ) .
Joseph E. Hollingsworth ( 1908 - -1975 ) , who went by Joe E. Hollingsworth , was appointed in 1961 to replace Charles Navarro as Los Angeles City Council member for the racially mixed 10th district .
Peter Helck ( 1893 - 1988 ) was an American illustrator who specialized in depicting racecars .
Edward Trollope ( 1817 - -1893 ) was an antiquary and an Anglican Bishop of Nottingham in the Victorian era .
Ezekiel , Freiherr von Spanheim ( also Ézéchiel , and known as Baron Spanheim ) ( 7 December 1629 -- 7 November 1710 ) was a Swiss diplomat and scholar .
Samuel Thomas Bloomfield ( 1790 -- 28 September 1869 ) was an English clergyman and Biblical textual critic .
Christopher Goodman BD ( 1520 - -1603 ) was an English reforming clergyman and writer .
Celestina Sommer ( 1 July 1827 -- 11 April 1859 ) was a Victorian murderess , notorious as much for her escape from the death penalty as for the murder of her only daughter .
Alfred John Jukes - Browne , FRS FGS ( 16 April 1851 - 14 August 1914 ) was a British invertebrate palaeontologist and stratigrapher .
Dou Yizhi ( 竇易直 ) ( died April 29 , 833 ) , courtesy name Zongxuan ( 宗玄 ) , formally Duke Gonghui of Jinyang ( 晉陽恭惠公 ) , was an official of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , serving as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Jingzong and Emperor Wenzong .
Jean Servais ( French : ( sɛʁvɛ ) ; 24 September 1910 -- 17 February 1976 ) was a Belgian film and stage actor .
Christopher Urswick ( 1448 ? -- 1522 ) was a priest and confessor of Margaret Beaufort .
Robert Munro , 1st Baron Alness GBE PC KC DL ( 28 May 1868 -- 6 October 1955 ) was a Scottish lawyer , judge and Liberal politician .
Donald MacInnes , born Donald McInnes , ( 26 May 1824 -- 1 December 1900 ) was a Canadian businessman and politician .
Frederick Royden Chalmers CMG , DSO ( 4 January 1881 -- 25 March 1943 ) was an Australian farmer , soldier , businessman , and government administrator .
Boris Smirnoff ( 1903 - 2007 ) was a Franco - Russian cubist , avant - gardist and analytical art painter .
Jyotiba Rao Scindia ( 1726 - January 1760 ) was the third son of Ranoji Rao Scindia and Maina Bai .
Sharon Tandy ( born Sharon Finkelstein ; 18 September 1943 -- 21 March 2015 ) was a South African singer who achieved some success in the United Kingdom in the 1960s as part of the blue - eyed soul and psychedelic movements .
Kurt Hutton , born Kurt Hübschmann ( 1893 - -1960 ) , was a German - born photographer who pioneered photojournalism in England .
Ross Tollerton VC ( 6 May 1890 -- 7 May 1931 ) born in Hurlford , Ayrshire , was a Scottish recipient of the Victoria Cross , the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces .
Laurents Hallager ( 12 November 1777 -- 2 February 1825 ) was a Norwegian physician and lexicographer .
Demetrios Palaiologos or Demetrius Palaeologus ( Greek : Δημήτριος Παλαιολόγος , Dēmētrios Palaiologos ; ca . 1407 - -1470 ) was a Byzantine prince and Despot .
Mikhail Dmitriyevich Bonch - Bruyevich ( Russian : Михаи́л Дми́триевич Бонч-Бруе́вич ; 24 February ( O.S. 12 February ) 1870 -- 3 August 1956 ) was an Imperial Russian and Soviet military commander , Lieutenant General ( 1944 ) .
Ambrose Fernando ( 1912 -- 11 January 1999 ) was an Indian businessman and politician .
Louisa Lawrence ( 1803 - -1855 ) was an English horticulturist in the second quarter of the 19th century .
Daniel Higford Davall Burr JP DL ( 24 March 1811 -- 29 November 1885 ) was a British Member of Parliament and Justice of the Peace .
Solomon Molcho ( Hebrew : שלמה מולכו‎ Shelomo Molkho ) , or Molko , originally Diogo Pires , ( 1500 -- 13 December 1532 ) was a Portuguese mystic and pseudomessiah .
Mangsong Mangtsen ( Tibetan : མང་སྲོང་མང་བཙན ) , Trimang Löntsen or Khri - mang - slon - rtsan ( r. 650 - -676 CE ) succeeded to the throne after the death of his grandfather , Songtsän Gampo , and was the second emperor of the newly created Tibetan Empire .
William Graham , 7th Earl of Menteith , 1st Earl of Airth ( c.1591 - -1661 ) , was a 17th - century Scottish nobleman .
Michael Keogh , known as Max Keogh ( died April 2001 ) was a nationalist politician and journalist in Northern Ireland .
Thorvald Wilhelmsen ( 14 February 1912 -- 13 September 1996 ) was a Norwegian long - distance runner who specialized in the 10,000 metres .
Elizabeth Smith - Stanley , Countess of Derby ( née Hamilton ; 26 January 1753 -- 14 March 1797 ) was an English peeress .
Navaratna Rama Rao ( May 27 , 1877 -- 1960 ) was an Indian writer based in Mysore .
Charles Hickman ( 1648 -- 18 November 1713 ) , an Anglican divine in the Church of Ireland , was Bishop of Derry from 1703 to 1713 .
Ernest Kidd ( 25 May 1900 -- 1974 ) was a footballer who played in the Football League for Ashington and Wigan Borough .
Nashil Pichen Kazembe ( 1932 - -1991 ) was a Zambian singer from Luapula province ( close to the Congolese ( DRC ) border ) who became an African music star in the 1970s .
Aziz Ali al - Misri ( 1879 - -1965 ) was an Egyptian officer and politician .
Dr. Marguerite Rawalt ( 16 October 1895 -- 16 December 1989 ) was an American writer and lawyer who lobbied in Congress on behalf of women 's rights .
Harry Fainlight ( 1935 - -1982 ) was a British / American poet associated with the Beats movement .
Monroe Dunaway Anderson ( 1873 - -1939 ) was a banker and cotton trader from Jackson , Tennessee .
Lefteri ( ? -died 1872 ) was a 19th - century Greek bandit leader active in the area around the Ottoman capital Constantinople and the region of Bithynia .
Dr Charles Francis Potter ( 1885 - 1962 ) was an American Unitarian minister , theologian and author .
Claudia Testoni ( 19 December 1915 -- 17 July 1998 ) , was an Italian hurdler , sprinter and long jumper .
James Heane CB , CMG , DSO ( 29 December 1874 -- 20 August 1954 ) was an Australian Army colonel and temporary brigadier general in World War I. He retired in 1935 as a brigadier general .
Wolfgang Ludwig Krafft ( 25 August 1743 -- 20 November 1814 ) was a German astronomer and physicist .
Miró II of Cerdanya and I of Besalú ( 878?-927 ) , was count of Cerdanya from 897 to 927 and of Besalú from 920 to 927 .
Coombe Hall ( 1871 - -1932 ) was a Scottish footballer who played in the Football League for Blackburn Rovers .
Hieromartyr Clement , Bishop of Ancyra or simply Clement of Ancyra ( c. 258 - 312 ) ( born in Ancyra present - day Turkey ) was a bishop who served during the rule of Roman emperor Diocletian .
Catherine Winkworth ( 13 September 1827 -- 1 July 1878 ) was an English - language translator from London .
Mayor Manuel Egozcue Cintrón died shortly after in 1906 .
Henry Filmer ( died 1543 ) was a 16th - century English Protestant martyr , one of the Windsor Martyrs , during the reign of Henry VIII . Filmer was a Protestant tailor and church warden of St John 's Church at Windsor who complained about the overly Catholic sermons of the vicar .
Alice Stopford Green ( 30 May 1847 -- 28 May 1929 ) was an Irish historian and nationalist .
George Kinnaird , 1st Lord Kinnaird ( c. 1622 - -29 December 1689 ) was a 17th - century Scottish aristocrat .
Cathal mac Muiredaig Muillethan ( died 735 ) was a King of Connacht from the Uí Briúin branch of the Connachta .
Charles van der Stappen ( also Karl Van der Stappen ; 19 September 1843 -- 21 October 1910 ) , was a Belgian sculptor , born in Saint - Josse - ten - Noode .
Josef Nassy ( 1904 - -1976 ) was a black expatriate artist of Jewish descent .
Moses Soave was an Italian Hebraist ; born in Venice March 28 , 1820 ; died there November 27 , 1882 .
Arthur Raistrick ( 1896 - -1991 ) was a British geologist , archaeologist , academic , and writer .
Dr. John Herbert Claiborne ( March 16 , 1828 -- 1905 ) was a prominent Virginia politician and a leading medical administrator commanding a series of hospitals serving wounded Confederate soldiers during the American Civil War .
Glenn Canfield , Jr. ( September 20 , 1935 - -January 30 , 2006 ) was an American metallurgist and businessman .
Aldo Cláudio Felipe Bonadei , also known as Aldo Bonadei ( São Paulo June 17 , 1906 -- São Paulo , January 16 , 1974 ) was a Brazilian painter of Italian descent .
Fred Fontaine ( 15 July 1874 - 9 December 1957 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Rabindra Nath Upadhyay ( 1923 - -2010 ) was an Indian social worker , Gandhian and the founder of Tamulpur Anchalik Gramdan Sangha ( TAGS ) , a non governmental organization working for the social development of the rural people in the Kumarikata village of Assam .
Arcadius Avellanus , born Mogyoróssy Arkád ( 6 February 1851 -- 16 June 1935 ) , was a Hungarian American scholar of Latin and a proponent of Living Latin .
Henry Cort ( ? 1741 -- 23 May 1800 ) was an English ironmaster .
Sarah Kemp ( 1937 -- 9 January 2015 ) was an Australian actress best known for starring in the Australian soap opera Sons and Daughters , playing the highly popular character of socialite Charlie Bartlett , from 1982 to 1987 .
Dong Yuan ( Chinese : 董源 ; pinyin : Dŏng Yuán ; Wade -- Giles : Tung Yüan , Gan : dung3 ngion4 ; c. 934 -- c. 962 ) was a Chinese painter .
John Ewasew ( 13 March 1922 -- 26 March 1978 ) was a Canadian lawyer and senator .
Charles Boutell ( 1 August 1812 -- 31 July 1877 ) was an English archaeologist , antiquary and clergyman , publishing books on brasses , arms and armour and heraldry , often illustrated by his own drawings .
Martin E. Weaver ( 1938 - 2004 ) helped develop the scientific field of architectural conservation in the United States and internationally .
Magnus Nilssen ( 18 July 1871 -- 20 November 1947 ) was Norwegian politician for the Labour and Social Democratic Labour parties .
Moses Michael Hays ( 9 March 1739 -- 9 May 1805 ) was an American banker , merchant , and philanthropist .
Ethel Coleridge ( 14 January 1883 -- 15 August 1976 ) was an English actress , best known for her roles in the original Aldwych farces in the 1920s and 30s .
Max Alvarado ( 19 February 1929 -- 6 April 1997 ) was a FAMAS award - winning Filipino film actor known mainly by his portrayals of villains in a career which spanned six decades .
Franz Mozart ( 3 October 1649 -- 1693 or 1694 ) was a German mason and the grandfather of Leopold Mozart and great - grandfather of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart .
Gilbert Beith ( 1827 -- 5 July 1904 ) was a Scottish merchant and Liberal politician .
Jean Cailleteau ( 1690 - -1755 ) , known as `` Lassurance '' ( or as `` Lassurance le jeune '' to distinguish him from his architect father Pierre Cailleteau ) , was a French architect .
Antoine Godin ( c. 1805 - 1836 ) , an Iroquois Canadian fur trapper and explorer , is noted primarily for the public murder of a Gros Ventre chief which led to a battle between fur traders and Indians in Pierre 's Hole , now called the Teton Basin , in eastern Idaho .
Harshavarman II ( Khmer : ហស៌វរ្ម័នទី២ ) was an Angkorian king who ruled from 941 to 944 .
Samuel Bowman ( May 21 , 1800 -- August 3 , 1861 ) was a suffragan Episcopal Bishop of Pennsylvania , United States .
K. Ananda Rau ( 21 September 1893 -- 22 January 1966 ) was an eminent Indian mathematician and a contemporary of Ramanujan .
Arthur James F. Bond RSMA , ( 1888 - -1958 ) was an English artist who worked in oils , watercolour and etching .
James Garbett ( 1802 - 1879 ) was a British academic and Anglican cleric who became the Archdeacon of Chichester .
Alter Tepliker was the sobriquet of Rabbi Moshe Yehoshua Bezhilianski ( d. 1919 ) , a learned scholar and leading Breslover Hasid in Uman , Ukraine in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Charles William Henry Kirchhoff ( born San Francisco , California , 28 March 1853 ; died Asbury Park , New Jersey , 22 July 1916 ) was a United States editor and steel expert .
A'jiniyaz Qosi'bay Uli ' ( Karakalpak : Әжинияз Қосыбай улы , A'jiniyaz Qosıbay ulı , Uzbek : Ажиниёз Қўсибой ўғли , Ajiniyoz Qoʻsiboy oʻgʻli ) ( 1824 - -1874 ) was a Karakalpak poet , who is also known by his pen name Ziywar .
James Kingsley ( 6 January 1797 -- 10 August 1878 ) was an attorney and mayor of Ann Arbor from 1855 - 1856 .
Dr John Rodney Cove - Smith ( born 26 January 1943 , London -- 3 February 2004 , Middlesbrough ) was the son of Ronald Cove - Smith , a distinguished English physician and captain of the English rugby team .
George Christopher Pepys Cutts ( 29 June 1914 -- 4 April 1974 ) was , from 1964 to 1974 , the fifth Bishop of Buckingham in the Church of England .
Oswell Blakeston was the pseudonym of Henry Joseph Hasslacher ( 1907 - -1985 ) , a British writer and artist who also worked in the film industry , made some experimental films , and wrote extensively on film theory .
The Reverend Augustus Shears ( 25 July 1827 - 25 May 1911 ) was the sixth and youngest son of Daniel Towers Shears ( 1784 - -1860 ) , a partner of James Shears and Sons , and Frances Spurrell ( 1788 - -1834 ) , daughter of John Spurrell of Bessingham , Norfolk .
Florian Siwicki ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈflɔrjan ɕiˈvit͡skʲi ) ; 10 January 1925 -- 11 March 2013 ) was a Polish career military officer , diplomat and a communist politician , as well as a General of the Polish Army .
Satyavati Devi ( 1904 - 1945 ) was a participant in Indian independence movement .
Fitz - John Winthrop ( 14 March 1637 -- 27 November 1707 ) , was the governor of the Colony of Connecticut from 1698 until his death on November 27 , 1707 .
Henry Givens Burgess PC(Ire ) ( 6 April 1859 -- 23 April 1937 ) was an Irish railway executive and politician .
Jean - Baptiste - Henri Féretier ( Nantes , 18 December 1765 - Nantes , 11 January 1832 ) was a French navy officer .
Willie McCartney ( date of birth unknown -- 24 January 1948 ) was a Scottish football referee and manager .
John Rouse ( Rous , Russe ) ( 1574 - -1652 ) was an English librarian , second librarian of the Bodleian in Oxford , and a friend of John Milton .
Joseph Hodkinson ( 1888 -- 18 June 1954 ) was an English international footballer who played as an outside left .
Gustav Schrader ( 1852 , Missolonghi , Greece -- 1942 Alexandria , Egypt ) was a German ornithologist .
Heinrich Leuthold ( 9 August 1827 - -1 July 1879 ) was a Swiss poet and translator , described by one critic as the writer `` most endowed with genius '' of the Munich literary circle , Die Krokodile .
Vera Ducas ( 1912 - -29 March 1948 ) was born to a Jewish family in Austria - Hungary / Czechoslovakia .
Sant Kavi Jagjivan Das ( or Jagiwan Das , 1727 Sardaha , Chas - 1761 ) is the founder of the Satnami denomination of Hinduism in Upper India .
Leonard Typpö ( 29 January 1868 , Rautio - 27 June 1922 ) was a Finnish farmer and lay preacher .
Sir John David Rees , 1st Baronet , KCIE , CVO , MP ( 16 December 1854 -- 2 June 1922 ) was a colonial administrator in British India and subsequently a Member of Parliament at Westminster .
Sorcha Ní Ghuairim ( 11 October 1911 -- 1976 ) was a teacher , writer , and sean - nós singer .
David Nunn Fisher ( 1816 - -1887 ) , was an English actor and musician usually known as David Fisher .
Charles Minor Blackford ( October 17 , 1833 -- 1903 ) was a Virginia lawyer and an author of American Civil War stories .
Louis John Tillett ( born 13 June 1865 , in Sprowston , Norfolk , died 24 November 1929 ) was a Liberal Party politician .
Denise Tolkowsky ( 11 August 1918 -- 9 March 1991 ) was an English - born pianist and composer .
Thomas Amarasuriya , OBE ( 17 June 1907 -- 5 May 1979 ) was a Ceylonese planter and politician .
Thomas E. Keane ( 1906 - 1996 ) was alderman of the 31st Ward of the City of Chicago .
Perry K. Smith , known as P. K. Smith ( September 21 , 1917 -- March 1983 ) , was a businessman from Winnfield , Louisiana , who served a single term in the Louisiana House of Representatives from 1960 to 1964 during the administration of Governor Jimmie Davis .
A. Laurence Lyon ( 1934 - -2006 ) was a prolific composer of music , usually sacred music with a Latter - day Saint theme .
Sir George Clark Williams , 1st Baronet , QC ( born 1878 , died 1958 ) , was a Queen 's Counsel and Justice of the Peace .
Datu Patinggi Abang Haji Abdillah ( 13 October 1862 -- 21 November 1946 ) was Sarawak 's independence patriot .
Stephen Scandrett ( also Scandret or Scanderet ) ( 1631?--1706 ) was an English nonconformist minister and controversialist .
Ulrich Gering ( active as a printer in Paris from c. 1470 to 1508 ; died 23 August 1510 ) came from Beromünster in the diocese of Constance .
Charles Wells Moulton ( 1859 - -1913 ) was an American poet , critic , and editor .
Nanyang Huizhong ( simplified Chinese : 南阳慧忠 ; traditional Chinese : 南陽慧忠 ; pinyin : Nányáng Huìzhōng ; Japanese : Nanyō Echū ; Korean : Namyang Hyech'ung ; Vietnamese : Nam Dương Huệ Trung ; 675 - 775 CE ) was a Zen monk during the Tang Dynasty .
Salah - Hassan Hanifes ( Hebrew : סאלח - חסן ח'ניפס‎ , born 1 March 1913 , died 16 March 2002 ) was a Druze Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Progress and Work between 1951 and 1959 .
Ferdinand Maria , Elector of Bavaria ( 31 October 1636 -- 26 May 1679 ) was a Wittelsbach ruler of Bavaria and an elector ( Kurfürst ) of the Holy Roman Empire from 1651 to 1679 .
Georg Wolfgang Wedel ( 12 November 1645 -- 6 September 1721 ) was a German professor of surgery , botany , theoretical and practical medicine , and chemistry .
John Samuel Eastwood ( 1857 , Minnesota -- 1924 , California ) was an American engineer who built the world 's first reinforced concrete multiple - arch dam on bedrock foundation at Hume Lake , California , in 1908 .
Yujiulü Chounu ( Chinese : 郁久閭醜奴 ; pinyin : Yùjiǔlǘ Chǒunú ) ( ? -520 ) khan of the Rouran ( 508 - 520 ) with the title of Douluofubadoufa Khan ( 豆羅伏跋豆伐可汗 ) .
Harmen Steenwijck or Harmen Steenwyck ( c.1612 -- after 1656 ) was a Dutch Golden Age painter of still lifes , notably of fruit .
Robert Haswell ( November 24 , 1768 -- 1801 ? ) was an early American maritime fur trader to the Pacific Northwest of North America .
Felix Philipp Kanitz ( Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic : Феликс Филип Каниц , 2 August 1829 - 8 January 1904 ) was an Austro - Hungarian naturalist , geographer , ethnographer , archaeologist and author of travel notes .
Malik Joyeux ( 31 March 1980 -- 2 December 2005 ) was an accomplished all - around waterman and a professional Big Wave surfer .
Francis Adekunle Fajuyi , BEM ( 26 June 1926 -- 29 July 1966 ) was a Nigerian soldier of Yoruba origin .
James Calfhill ( also Calfield ) ( 1530?--1570 ) was an Anglican clergyman , academic and controversialist , who died as Archdeacon of Colchester and Bishop - designate of Worcester .
Saint Vukašin Mandrapa ( Serbian Cyrillic : Вукашин Мандрапа ) ( end of 19th century--1943 ) is a saint and a martyr of the Serbian Orthodox Church .
Richard Edes ( or Eedes ) ( 1555 - -1604 ) was an English churchman .
Thomas Hobson ( c. 1544 -- 1 January 1631 ) , was an English carrier , best known as the origin of the expression Hobson 's choice .
Edith Banfield Jackson ( 1895 - -1977 ) was a child psychiatrist who developed the rooming - in model of maternal and infant care .
Julio Nalundasan ( 1894 -- 20 September 1935 , Batac , Ilocos Norte ) was a Filipino politician who was one of the political rivals of Ilocos Norte politician Mariano Marcos , father of Ferdinand Marcos ( who later became the tenth President of the Philippines ) .
Nicholas Bullingham ( or Bollingham ) ( c. 1520 - -1576 ) was an English Bishop of Worcester .
Hill Blackett ( 13 March 1892 -- 6 December 1967 ) was a radio daytime - advertising pioneer who played a major part in the development of the soap opera .
George C. Lindsay ( 1855 - 1945 ) was an American composer and guitarist .
Richard Crawshay ( 1739 -- 27 June 1810 ) was a London iron merchant and then South Wales ironmaster .
Bernard Mizeki ( sometimes spelt Bernard Mzeki ; c. 1861 -- 18 June 1896 ) was an African Christian missionary and martyr .
Achille Falcone ( ca . 1570 - 75 -- 9 November 1600 ) was an Italian composer .
John Hunyadi ( , ; 1406 -- 11 August 1456 ) was a leading Hungarian military and political figure in Central and Southeastern Europe during the 15th century .
William Hannibal Thomas ( 4 May 1843 -- 15 November 1935 ) was an American teacher , journalist , judge , writer and legislator .
José Manuel Ramírez Rosales , ( 1804 , Santiago - 1877 , Valparaíso ) was a Chilean painter who was educated in France .
Khalmurad Sakhatmuradov ( 1898 - -1938 ) served as the second President of the Turkmen SSR , serving from 1925 until August 1928 .
Old Tassel ( or sometimes Corntassel ) ( Cherokee language : Utsi'dsata ) , ( died 1788 ) , was `` First Beloved Man '' ( the equivalent of a regional Cherokee chief ) of the Overhill Cherokee after 1783 .
Jacques Specx ( Dutch : ( ˈʒɑk ˈspɛks ) ; 1585 -- 22 July 1652 ) was a Dutch merchant , who founded the trade on Japan and Korea in 1609 .
Gheorghe Tătaru , ( 5 May 1948 in Bucharest -- 19 December 2004 in Iaşi ) , also known as Tătaru II , was a Romanian football striker , a player of Steaua Bucureşti .
Major - general Sir John Malcolm GCB , KLS ( 2 May 1769 -- 30 May 1833 ) was a Scottish soldier , diplomat , East India Company administrator , statesman , and historian .
William Molyneux , 7th Viscount Molyneux ( 1685 -- 30 March 1759 ) was a Jesuit priest and member of the peerage of Ireland .
Peter Olrog Schjøtt ( 29 July 1833 -- 7 January 1926 ) was a Norwegian philologist and politician .
Emilio J. Pasarell ( 1891 - -1974 ) was a Puerto Rican short - story writer , novelist , essayist and historian .
James Boon Lankershim ( 1850 - -1931 ) was an American heir , landowner and real estate developer .
Constantius I ( Latin : Marcus Flavius Valerius Constantius Herculius Augustus ; 31 March c. 250 -- 25 July 306 ) was Roman Emperor from 293 to 306 , commonly known as Constantius Chlorus ( Greek : Κωνστάντιος Χλωρός , Kōnstantios Khlōrós , lit . `` Constantius the Pale '' ) .
Valentine Bartholomew ( 18 January 1799 -- 21 March 1879 ) was an English flower painter .
Captain Spier Spencer ( c. 1770 -- November 7 , 1811 ) was an Indiana militia officer who commanded a company of mounted riflemen known as the Yellow Jackets at the Battle of Tippecanoe .
Károly Bebo ( c. 1712 -- April 1779 ) was an 18th - century Hungarian sculptor , builder and decorator noted for his stucco work .
Jo Ann Kelly ( 5 January 1944 -- 21 October 1990 ) was an English blues singer and guitarist .
Queenie Watts ( 21 July 1926 -- 25 January 1980 ) was an English actress of film and television , as well as an occasional singer .
Stephen Winthrop ( born 20 December 1806 , Tonbridge , Kent ; died 25 August 1835 , England ) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge University Cricket Club and made his first - class debut in 1829 .
Ralph Boteler , 1st Baron Sudeley and 6th Baron Sudeley KG ( c. 1394 -- 2 May 1473 ) was an English baron and aristocrat .
Karl Albrecht Gottlieb Ringier ( 8 December 1837 - 7 January 1929 ) was a Swiss politician , President of the Swiss Council of States ( 1875 ) and Federal Chancellor ( 1882 - -1909 ) .
Emelia Russell Gurney ( 1823 - -1896 ) was an English activist , patron and benefactor .
Jonathan Joy ( 29 December 1826 -- 27 September 1889 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played for Yorkshire , both as a pre - county club , and for Yorkshire County Cricket Club , in first - class cricket after the foundation of the County Championship .
Wally Colliss ( 22 May 1908 -- 8 October 1977 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Camillo Pabis Ticci ( 1920 - -2003 ) was an Italian bridge player .
Jorma Karhunen ( 17 March 1913 -- 21 January 2002 ) was a Finnish Air Force ace .
General Thomas Edward Capel ( 24 March 1770 -- 3 February 1855 ) was an English soldier and sportsman .
Burton A. Scott ( February 16 , 1935 -- April 2 , 2007 ) was Chief Judge of the Wisconsin Court of Appeals .
Ruth Pryor ( 1906 - 2001 ) was a Chicago ballet dancer and instructor , and the first American ballerina to dance the role of the Swan Queen in Swan Lake , in 1930 .
Ádám Jávorka ( Nagykosztolány , Hungarian Kingdom , 1683 -- Jasło Poland , 19 August 1747 ) was a Hungarian soldier who was a captain of Kuruc forces during the Rákóczi 's War for Independence , later became a French Hussar , and later on Captain of the Polish Army .
Adolf II , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe ( 23 February 1883 -- 26 March 1936 ) was the last ruler of the small Principality of Schaumburg - Lippe .
John Etherington Welch Rolls ( 4 May 1807 -- 27 May 1870 ) was a High Sheriff of Monmouthshire , art collector , Deputy Lieutenant and Justice of the Peace .
John W. Anson ( 31 July 1817 -- 6 February 1881 ) was a British actor , noted for his work for the welfare of actors .
Paddy Cardiff ( 8 November 1925 -- 3 June 2005 ) was an Irish trade unionist .
Brynjulf Skaugen , Sr . ( 11 June 1918 -- 14 August 2002 ) was a Norwegian business executive .
Langford Lovell Price ( 1862 - 1950 ) was an English economist , born in London .
Sir James Bond , 1st Baronet ( 11 June 1744 -- 2 June 1820 ) was an Irish Member of Parliament of Anglo - Irish descent .
William Craven , 2nd Earl of Craven DL ( 18 August 1809 -- 25 August 1866 ) , styled Viscount Uffington until 1825 , was a British peer .
Stanisław Sedlaczek ( 31 January 1892 -- 3 August 1941 ) , born in Kołomyja , in what is now Ukraine , was a Polish professor and scoutmaster .
Sir Henry de Vic , 1st Baronet ( c. 1599 -- 20 November 1671 ) was a Guernsey born courtier .
John Thrasher ( February 24 , 1818 - -November 13 , 1899 ) was the founder of the city of Norcross , Georgia , an original pioneer of Atlanta , and a well - travelled entrepreneur throughout the American Southeast .
Odd Dahl ( 3 November 1898 -- 2 June 1994 ) was a Norwegian engineer and explorer .
Leo Gburek ( born 18 April 1910 in Bismarckhütte ; died 17 January 1941 in Shetland ) was a German geophysicist and a member of the Third German Antarctic Expedition 1938/39 .
Andrew Ketcham Barnett ( 1852 -- 1914 ) was a mineral collector and dealer in Penzance , Cornwall , in the United Kingdom .
Franz von Suppé or Francesco Suppé Demelli ( 18 April 1819 -- 21 May 1895 ) was an Austrian composer of light operas from the Kingdom of Dalmatia , Austro - Hungarian Empire ( now part of Croatia ) .
James J. Nance ( February 19 , 1900 -- July 1984 ) was an American industrialist who became president of Studebaker Packard .
George Muff , 1st Baron Calverley ( 10 February 1877 -- 20 September 1955 ) was a British Liberal then Labour politician .
Michel Auguste Dupoty ( 1797 - -1864 ) was a French journalist and a politician with republican beliefs .
Thakin Chit Maung ( Burmese : ချစ်မောင် ; 1915 -- 3 March 2005 ) , also known as Widuya Thakin Chit Maung , was a veteran Burmese politician .
Fritz Gassmann ( 1899 - -1990 ) was a Swiss mathematician and geophysicist .
Sir Walter Blake , ( bef . 1672 - -May 1748 ) , 6th Bt . , was a minor Irish aristocrat and politician from County Galway .
John Kettlewell ( 1653 - -1695 ) was an English clergyman , nonjuror and devotional writer .
John Bond Trevor ( 1822 -- 1890 ) was an American financier and Wall Street pioneer .
William Armstrong Fairburn ( 12 October 1876 - 1 October 1947 ) was a noted American author , naval architect , marine engineer , industrial executive , and chemist .
Chaudhari Kumbharam Arya ( 10 May 1914 -- 26 October 1995 ) was a freedom fighter , parliamentarian and popular leader of farmers in Rajasthan , India . Shri Kumbha Ram Arya was a member of Seventh Lok Sabha during 1980 - 84 representing Sikar Parliamentary constituency of Rajasthan .
Gabriel Donne or Dunne ( died 1558 ) was an English Cistercian monk and was the last Abbot of Buckfast Abbey in Devon , before the Dissolution of the Monasteries .
Jørgen Iversen Dyppel ( February 25 , 1638 -- 1683 ) , also called George Iversen or Ifversen , or sometimes Doppel in Knox , was the first governor of the renewed establishment of St. Thomas in the Danish West Indies , from 1672 to 1680 .
Constantius ( Latin : Flavius Constantius Augustus ) ( died 2 September 421 ) , commonly known as Constantius III , was Western Roman Emperor for seven months in 421 .
Alessandro Pinheiro Martins ( 1983 -- December 6 , 2005 ) , nicknamed `` Alessandro '' , was a Brazilian football ( soccer ) player .
Joseph Moses Levy ( 15 December 1812 in London - 12 October 1888 in Ramsgate , Kent ) was a newspaper editor and publisher .
Richard Battley ( 1770 - -1856 ) , was an English chemist .
Alexander Dowie ( 4 September 1827 -- 18 July 1909 ) was a footwear manufacturer and retailer in the early days of South Australia .
Ziaeddin Tavakkoli Bivarzeni ( 1925 - -2009 ) , was a Northern Iranian politician and merchant .
Arthur Langen ( born 13 January 1858 in Berlin ; died 25 October 1927 in Solingen ) was a German magistrate with the Berlin Government and privately active in the theater industry .
Thomas Luraas ( 1799 - -6 June 1886 ) was a Norwegian rose painter and clarinetist .
Major Thomas Beckford ( d. 1685 ) was a London clothworker and slopseller who became Sheriff of London .
Dietrich of Horne ( b. in Horneburg ( Westendorf ) -- d. 19 January 1402 in Osnabrück ) was a German nobleman .
Maciej Grabowski ( died 1750 ) was a Polish - Lithuanian nobleman and politician , Treasurer of the Crown Court from 1738 .
Edgar Powell ( 6 January 1899 -- 1955 ) was a Welsh footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington Stanley , Barrow , Merthyr Town and Stoke .
John James Cole ( died 24 May 1959 ) was an Irish politician , farmer and auctioneer .
Francesco Croce ( 1696 - 1773 ) was an Italian baroque architect .
Robert Byron Boyd ( August 31 , 1864 -- 1941 ) was an American politician and businessperson from Maine .
Miles Balmford Sharp ( 1897 - -1973 ) was an artist , born in Brighouse , Yorkshire , England .
John I Sanudo ( or Giovanni ; died 1362 ) was the sixth Duke of the Archipelago from 1341 to his death .
Richard James Strachan Harman ( 14 April 1826 -- 26 November 1902 ) was trained as a civil engineer .
Richard Pendlebury ( 1847 , Liverpool -- 1902 ) was a British mathematician , musician , bibliophile and mountaineer .
John Bargrave ( 1610 - -1680 ) , was an English author and collector and a canon of Canterbury Cathedral .
Peter Pierse ( died 4 September 1991 ) was an Australian rugby league referee .
Philip Maxwell ( April 3 , 1799 - November 5 , 1859 ) was an American physician and politician .
Claude de Sainctes ( b. at Perche , 1525 ; d. at Crèvecoeur , 1591 ) was a French Catholic controversialist .
Miguel Salinas Arteche ( 4 June 1926 -- 22 July 2012 ) , best known as Miguel Arteche , the name he adopted after legally reversing his maternal and paternal surnames in 1972 , was a Chilean poet and novelist .
Attilio Teruzzi ( 5 May 1882 -- 26 April 1950 ) was an Italian soldier , colonial administrator , and Fascist politician .
Prynce Hopkins ( March 5 , 1885 - August 1970 ) , who was born Prince Charles Hopkins , was an American Socialist , pacifist and author of numerous psychology books and periodicals .
Milko Brezigar ( 6 October 1886 -- 25 April 1958 ) was a Slovene and Yugoslav liberal economist .
Cú Ceanain mac Tadhg , Prince of Uí Díarmata , ancestor of the Concannon family , died 991
Alessandro Mantovani ( 1814 -- 1892 ) was an Italian painter , best known for his decorative frescoes and restorations .
Lynne Carter ( ca.1924 -- January 11 , 1985 ) was a prominent entertainer , actor , and female impersonator .
Thomas Foxcroft ( 1697 - -1769 ) was a minister of the First Church in Boston , Massachusetts in the 18th century .
Carson Brewer ( February 2 , 1920 -- January 15 , 2003 ) was an American journalist and conservationist , best known for his work documenting the folk life of Knoxville and the surrounding Appalachian communities in East Tennessee .
Ernest William Lyons Holt or E.W.L. Holt ( 17 October 1864 -- 10 June 1922 ) was an eminent English marine naturalist and biologist who specialized in ichthyology , the study of fish .
Nicolae Minovici ( 23 October 1868 -- 26 June 1941 ) was a Romanian forensic scientist and criminologist who served as head of his country 's anthropometric service .
Carlo Pezzati ( October 28 , 1892 - -1944 ) was an Italian politician , the mayor of the Italian city of Piacenza .
Oluf Braren ( 25 February 1787 -- 22 March 1839 ) was a painter of naïve art from the north Frisian island of Föhr .
William McKenzie Thomson MC , DFC ( 15 September 1898 -- 9 July 1987 ) was a Canadian First World War flying ace , officially credited with 26 victories .
Giaches de Wert ( also Jacques / Jaches de Wert , Giaches de Vuert ; 1535 -- 6 May 1596 ) was a Franco - Flemish composer of the late Renaissance , active in Italy .
Zhou Lianggong ( Chinese : 周亮工 ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Liang - kung , 1612 - -1672 ) was a Chinese poet , born in Kaifeng was an essayist and art historian , and had long family ties to Nanjing .
Mas Tirtodarmo Haryono ( 20 January 1924 -- 1 October 1965 ) was a general officer in the Indonesian Army who was killed during an attempt to kidnap him from his home by members of the 30 September Movement in the early hours of October 1 , 1965 .
Margaret Gillies ( 1803 - -1887 ) was a Scottish painter , known for miniatures and water - colours .
R. P. Sethu Pillai ( Tamil : ரா. பி. சேது பிள்ளை ) ( 1896 - -1961 ) , was a Tamil scholar , writer and professor of Tamil at the University of Madras .
Frederikke Louise Stolberg ( 1746 - -1824 ) , was a Danish Salonist , playwright and letter writer .
Robert Morgan Fink ( 1915 - 2012 ) was an American biochemist who was a professor at University of California , Los Angeles .
Hugh Fortescue , 2nd Earl Fortescue KG , PC ( 13 February 1783 -- 14 September 1861 ) , styled Viscount Ebrington from 1789 to 1841 , was a British Whig politician .
R. Narayanaswami ( 1919 - 1992 ) , popularly known by his pen name Karichan Kunju , was a Tamil short - story writer and novelist who wrote mainly on historical themes .
Samer Saadi ( died 29 September 2005 ) was a leading figure in the Al - Aqsa Martyrs ' Brigades in Jenin .
Chauncey Loomis ( ca . 1783 -- April 6 , 1817 Albany , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Rupert D'Oyly Carte ( 3 November 1876 -- 12 September 1948 ) was an English hotelier , theatre owner and impresario , best known as proprietor of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company and Savoy Hotel from 1913 to 1948 .
King Andriamasinavalona ( 1675 - -1710 ) , also known as Andrianjakanavalondambo , was a King of Imerina in the central highlands of Madagascar .
Lydia Sellon or Priscilla Lydia Sellon ( 1821 -- 20 November 1876 ) was a British founder of an Anglican women 's order .
Dr Jimione Samisoni died on April 2007 .
Ivan Ratkaj ( 22 June 1647 -- 26 December 1683 ) , also Ivan Rattkay , was a Croatian Jesuit missionary and explorer .
Saint Lazarus Zographos(died 867 ) was a monk and painter from Constantinople who opposed the religious policy of iconoclasm during the reign of Byzantine Emperor Theophilus .
George Shima ( 1864 - -1926 ) was a Japanese American businessman in California who became the first Japanese American millionaire .
Aage Samuelsen ( 23 January 1915 -- 29 November 1987 ) was a Norwegian evangelist , singer and composer .
Captain Charles Fitzgerald ( 1791 - - 29 December 1887 ) was the Governor of The Gambia from 1844 until 1847 , then Governor of Western Australia from 1848 to 1855 .
Alexandre Miniac ( 5 July 1885 -- 3 December 1963 ) was a French architect and watercolorist .
Lorenzo Sansone ( 1881 - -1975 ) was a horn player , a member of major North American symphony orchestras , an editor of horn music , an author of instructional methods , an educator , and a horn manufacturer .
Parara Napaltjarri ( c. 1944 - -2003 ) was a Pintupi - speaking Indigenous artist from Australia 's Western Desert region .
Maredudd ab Owain ab Edwin ( died 1072 ) was a prince of the kingdom of Deheubarth in south west Wales .
Hans Tank ( 10 August 1742 -- 17 March 1804 ) was a Norwegian skipper , merchant and endowment founder , born in Bergen .
Frank Keppel ( 8 December 1899 -- 4 February 1975 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Mustafa Shalabi was a founder of several charities alleged to have links to terrorism who was found murdered on February 25 , 1991 .
Esmat Dowlatshahi ( 1904 -- 24 July 1995 ) was an Iranian aristocrat and the fourth and last spouse of Reza Shah .
Lars - Jacob Krogh ( 26 September 1938 -- 14 April 2010 ) was a Norwegian anchorman and television presenter .
Thomas Joseph Gerard Victory ( 24 December 1921 -- 14 March 1995 ) was a prolific Irish composer .
Ralph Josselin ( January 23 , 1617 -- 1683 ) was the vicar of Earls Colne in Essex from 1640 until his death in 1683 .
Enríquez de Valderrábano ( c. 1500-after 1557 ) was a Spanish vihuelist and composer .
Daniel Bellamy , the younger ( c. 1715- 16 February 1788 ) was an English divine and miscellaneous writer .
Éric Remacle ( Forest , Brussels , 1960 - 22 May 2013 ) was a Belgian scientist and professor at the Department of Political Sciences of the Universite Libre de Bruxelles ( ULB ) .
Louis the Pious ( 778 -- 20 June 840 ) , also called the Fair , and the Debonaire , was the King of Aquitaine from 781 .
Olivier Charbonneau ( France , Aunis c. 1613 Île de Montréal 20 November 1687 ) was a frontiersman who lived in Old Montreal in New France .
Ramón Marrero Aristy Beltré ( 13 July 1913 -- 17 July 1959 ) was a Dominican author , journalist and politician and historian .
Clark Rampling ( 1793 -- 7 March 1875 ) was an English architect who worked from offices in London .
Cecil Edgar Tilley FRS ( 14 May 1894 -- 24 January 1973 ) was an Australian - British petrologist and geologist .
Jane Arbor was the pseudonym used by Eileen Norah Owbridge ( 8 September 1903 -- 4 February 1994 ) a British writer of 57 romance for Mills & Boon from 1948 to 1985 .
Ivan Ladislav Galeta ( 9 May 1947 -- 7 January 2014 ) was a Croatian multimedia artist , cinematographer and film director .
Badi ' al - Zaman Mirza ( Persian : بدیع الزمان‎ ; died 1517 ) was a Timurid ruler of Herat from 1506 to 1507 .
Tristão Vaz Teixeira ( c. 1395 - -1480 ) was a Portuguese navigator and explorer who , together with João Gonçalves Zarco and Bartolomeu Perestrelo , was the official discoverer and one of the first settlers of the archipelago of Madeira ( 1419 - -1420 ) .
Mark Muir Mills ( August 8 , 1917 - -April 7 , 1958 ) was an American nuclear physicist and a developer of atomic bombs .
Alain Polaniok ( 19 September 1958 -- 12 September 2005 ) was a French footballer .
George Kellogg ( June 19 , 1812 -- 1901 ) was an American inventor and patent expert .
Sir John Stokell Dodds , KCMG , ( 1848 -- 23 June 1914 ) was an Australian politician and Chief Justice of Tasmania .
Eliza Salmon ( 1787 -- 1849 ) was an English vocalist .
Richard Rooke Michell ( 31 December 1810 in Marazion , Cornwall - 15 April 1872 in Wimpole Street , London ) was an English mines proprietor .
Robert Jacobus Forbes or Robert James Forbes ( 21 April 1900 , Breda -- 13 January 1973 , Haarlem ) was a Dutch chemist and historian of science .
Hugh Barron ( c. 1746 - 1791 ) was an English portrait painter and amateur musician .
Jules Horrent ( 11 April 1920 - 11 September 1981 ) was a Belgian scientist , who was awarded the Francqui Prize in 1968 on Human Sciences for his historical work
Yu Qin ( Chinese : 于钦 , 1284 - -1333 ) was a well - known Chinese geographer living in the Mongol Yuan Dynasty .
Mohamed Sedky Mahmoud ( Arabic : محمد صدقي محمود‎ , December 12 , 1914 - 1984 ) is an Egyptian military leader .
Sir Thomas de Littleton or de Lyttleton ( c.1407 -- 23 August 1481 ) was an English judge and legal writer from the Lyttelton family .
Johannes Cuspinianus ( December 1473 -- 19 April 1529 ) , born Johan Spießhaymer ( or Speißheimer ) , was an Austrian humanist , scientist , diplomat , and historian .
Mimi Chakib ( 1913 -- 1983 ) ( Arabic : ميمي شكيب‎ ) was an Egyptian actress who appeared in some 15 films mostly in the 1940s and 1950s .
George Bigg ( 24 July 1861 -- 27 October 1931 ) was an English cricketer who played for Lancashire .
Henri Robin ( 1811 - -1874 ) , born Henrik Joseph Donckel , was a Dutch illusionist .
Henry of Niemodlin ( Polish : Henryk Niemodliński ; after 1345 -- 14 September 1382 ) , was a Duke of Niemodlin since 1365 until his death ( with his brothers as co - rulers until 1369 ) .
General Fritz Lindemann ( 11 April 1894 -- 22 September 1944 ) was a German Artillery officer and member of the resistance to Adolf Hitler .
William Francis Casey ( 2 May 1884 -- 20 April 1957 ) was a journalist and newspaper editor , notably spending most of his working life employed by British newspaper , The Times .
Janet Blunt ( 1859 - -1950 ) was a folklorist .
Franz Schmitz ( 12 October 1918 -- 10 June 1985 ) was a highly decorated German Sanitäts - Unteroffizier in the Wehrmacht during World War II and an Oberstabsfeldwebel in the Bundeswehr .
Colin Milburn ( nicknamed Ollie ; 23 October 1941 -- 28 February 1990 ) was an English cricketer , who played in nine Test matches for England , before an accident led to the loss of much of his sight and prompted his retirement .
Richard Harry Graves ( 17 July 1897 -- 3 February 1971 ) was an Irish - born Australian poet and novelist .
Edward Western ( 12 May 1845 -- 16 October 1919 ) was an English cricketer who played first - class cricket for Somerset in 1882 and 1884 and for Marylebone Cricket Club in 1882 .
Charles Ernest Tatham ( 1905 -- 14 August 1997 ) was a Canadian theologian and missionary .
Friedrich Staphylus ( 27 August 1512 -- 5 March 1564 ) was a German theologian , at first a Protestant and then a Catholic convert .
Isobel of Huntingdon ( 1199 - -1251 ) , also known as Isobel the Scot , was the daughter of David of Scotland , 8th Earl of Huntingdon , grandson of David I of Scotland , and Matilda of Chester .
Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Gottlieb Raue or Charles Godlove Raue ( 11 May 1820 -- 6 August 1896 ) was a United States homeopathic physician .
Henri Dreyfus ( or Henry Dreyfus , 1882 - -1944 ) was a Swiss chemist .
John Duncan Forsyth ( 1886 or 1887 - -1963 ) was a Scottish - American architect who became prominent in Oklahoma .
Shah Niyaz Ahmad was born on 6th Jumada al - Thani 1155 Hijri ( 7 August 1742 ) and died on 6th Jumada al - Thani 1250 Hijri ( 9 October 1834 ) .
Thomas Bedingfeld ( born 1760 died 1789 ) , poet , second son of Edward Bedingfeld , Esquire , of York , and Mary , daughter of Sir John Swinburne , of Capheaton , Northumberland , was born at York on 18 February 1760 , and educated at the University of Liége .
Buster Pearson ( 4 May 1941 - 14 October 2012 ) , born Stedman Pearson in Jamaica , was a musician and producer , best known for being the father and former manager of British pop group Five Star .
Cormac Mac Carthaig ( died 1138 ) was King of Munster .
Giovacchino Cantini ( c. 1780 - 1844 ) was an Italian engraver , active in Florence as one of Raffaello Sanzio Morghen 's most successful pupils .
Nicholas of Capraia ( died 1274 ) was the Judge of Arborea from 1264 to his assassination ten years later .
Bernard Middleditch ( 1870 -- 3 October 1949 ) was an English international footballer , who played as a right half .
Captain Cornelius Mitchell ( died 1749 ) was a Royal Navy officer who served as Commander - in - Chief of the Jamaica Station .
Gordon Burleigh ( 24 March 1889 -- 7 July 1956 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played for Geelong in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) now known as the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Constantine Meliteniotes ( Greek : Κωνσταντῖνος Μελιτηνιώτης , fl . 1240s -- 2 April 1307 ) was a Greek ecclesiastical writer in the Byzantine Empire and a prominent supporter of the Union of Lyons between the Greek Orthodox Church and the Roman Catholic Church .
Lin Chieh - liang ( Chinese : 林杰樑 , 30 June 1958 -- 5 August 2013 ) was a Taiwanese physician , nephrologist and toxicologist .
Furia Sabinia Tranquillina ( ca . 225 -- aft . 244 ) was the Empress of Rome and wife of Emperor Gordian III . She was the young daughter of the Praetorian Prefect Timesitheus by an unknown wife .
Vin Batchelor ( 17 February 1900 -- 4 September 1981 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Urho Kähönen ( 6 July 1910 , Terijoki - 3 August 1984 ) was a Finnish agronomist , civil servant and politician .
William Mansfield Poole ( 6 April 1871 -- 13 December 1946 ) was an educationalist and author of several widely held academic text books .
Greta Hopkinson ( born Greta Karin Louise Stromeyer , 4 October 1901 - September 1993 ) was a British wood sculptor .
John Brodribb Bergne ( 1800 - -1873 ) was an English official , numismatist and antiquary .
Catherine Zaccaria or Catherine Palaiologina ( Greek : Αἰκατερίνα Παλαιολογίνα ; died 26 August 1462 ) was the daughter of the last Prince of Achaea , Centurione II Zaccaria .
Abraham Solomon ben Isaac ben Samuel Catalan ( born in Catalonia ; died 1492 ) was the author of a work treating the eternity of the world , Providence , prophecy , immortality , and the resurrection , and also dealing with mathematical , physical , and cabalistic subjects .
John Dampier ( 1750 -- 18 August 1826 ) was an English amateur cricketer who made three appearances in first - class cricket matches from 1785 to 1787 .
Øyvind Bjørnson ( 1 January 1950 -- 3 December 2007 ) was a Norwegian historian who specialized in labor history and the history of the welfare state .
Jerzy Matałowski ( 1 February 1948 -- 1 December 2013 ) was a German - born Polish film , stage and television actor .
Claude Charles ( 1661 - -1747 ) was a French historical and decorative painter .
Skip Weshner ( 1927 -- 1995 ) was a disc jockey on stations in New York and Los Angeles from the mid-1950s until the mid-1980s .
Viktor Puskar VR I/1 ( 7 May ( O.S. 25 April ) 1889 in Viljandi - 12 April 1943 in Tartu ) was an Estonian military commander ( Colonel ) during the Estonian War of Independence .
Ethel Muckelt ( 30 May 1885 -- 13 December 1953 ) , was a British figure skater who competed in singles and pairs .
John J. Graham ( September 25 , 1923 - -June 12 , 1994 ) was an American graphic artist who designed and created both the NBC peacock logo ( 1956 ) and the NBC `` snake '' logo ( 1959 ) .
Sir De Villiers Graaff , 2nd Baronet ( 8 December 1913 -- 4 October 1999 ) ( first name De Villiers , surname Graaff ) known as Div Graaff , was a South African politician who succeeded his father , Sir David Pieter de Villiers Graaff , 1st Baronet , to his baronetcy in 1931 .
Rajendra Mullick ( Bengali : রাজেন্দ্র মল্লিক ) ( 24 June 1819 - 1887 ) was an Indian art lover and philanthropist .
John F. West , ( 1920 - 2001 ) , was an environmental activist in Marin County , California .
Johnny Hunter ( 21 July 1925 - -1980 ) was an Australian rugby league footballer of the 1940s and ' 50s .
Guy Maier ( August 15 , 1891 in Buffalo , New York -- September 24 , 1956 in Santa Monica , California ) was a noted American pianist , composer , arranger , teacher , and writer .
Amin ud - din Ahmad Khan ( 23 March 1911 -- 12 June 1983 ) was the last Nawab of princely state of Loharu , ruling from 1926 to 1947 .
Étienne Heudelet de Bierre ( 12 November 1770 -- 20 April 1857 ) joined the French army as a volunteer lieutenant in 1792 .
Li Huaiguang ( Chinese : 李懷光 ; 729 -- September 19 , 785 ) was a leading general of the Chinese dynasty Tang Dynasty , of Mohe extraction .
Subodh Oraon ( 1953 - 5 December 1988 ) , also written Subodh Barwa , was an Indian politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party ( RSP ) .
Sydney Irving , Baron Irving of Dartford PC ( 1 July 1918 -- 18 December 1989 ) was a British Labour Co - operative politician .
William Paston , 2nd Earl of Yarmouth ( 1654 -- 25 December 1732 ) was a British peer and politician .
Maurice Lefèvre ( 1863 - 1917 ) was a Belgian poet , playwright and songwriter .
Fannie Pearson Hardy Eckstorm ( 1865 - -1946 ) was an American writer , ornithologist and folklorist .
Erwin Ding - Schuler was arrested by U.S. troops on 25 April 1945 and committed suicide on 11 August 1945 .
Jean Lepage ( 1779 - -1822 ) was a well - known French gunsmith .
Sir John Thomas Briggs ( 4 June 1781 - 3 February 1865 ) , was accountant - general of the Royal Navy .
John Herbert Cooke ( 3 August 1867 -- 30 July 1943 ) was an Australian politician , invariably referred to as `` J. Herbert Cooke '' or `` J. H. Cooke '' .
Sir Henry Brooke , 1st Baronet ( died 1664 ) was an English soldier and politician .
Lois Tobío Fernández ( Viveiro , 13 June 1906 - Madrid , 13 March 2003 ) was a Galician diplomat , writer , translator and philologist .
Edward Stiles Stokes ( 1840 - -1901 ) was the owner of a New York oil refinery who in 1872 shot and killed his business partner and love rival James Fisk .
Maria de Lourdes Teixeira ( 25 March 1907 -- 1989 ) was a Brazilian writer , translator , biographer and journalist best known for having received the Prize Jabuti of Literature for Best Novel in 1961 and 1970 by Rua Augusta and Pátio das Donzelas respectively .
Ernest Newman ( 30 November 1868 -- 7 July 1959 ) was an English music critic and musicologist .
Paul Huillard ( 15 February 1875 -- 11 February 1966 ) was a French designer and architect who collaborated on many projects with Louis Süe .
John Mordaunt , 1st Baron Mordaunt ( died 18 August 1562 ) was an English politician and peer .
Nils Robert af Ursin ( 18 April 1854 , Kuopio - 8 May 1936 ) was a Finnish secondary school teacher and politician .
George Child Villiers , 5th Earl of Jersey GCH , PC ( 19 August 1773 -- 3 October 1859 ) , styled Viscount Villiers until 1805 , was a British courtier and Conservative politician from the Villiers family .
Antti Valkama ( 31 July 1889 -- 26 July 1974 ) was a Finnish sports shooter .
Alexander Salkind ( 2 June 1921 -- 8 March 1997 ) was the second of three generations of successful international film producers .
Gregory the Patrician ( Greek : Γρηγόριος , Latin : Flavius Gregorius , died 647 ) was a Byzantine Exarch of Africa ( modern Tunisia and eastern Algeria ) .
Baburaj died an early death , on 7 October 1978 at the age of 57 .
Dionysios Kokkinos ( Greek : Διονύσιος Κόκκινος ; 1884 - -1967 ) was a Greek historian and writer .
Henry Wylde ( 22 May 1822 -- 13 March 1890 ) was an English conductor , composer , teacher and music critic .
Stanisław Murzynowski ( born 1527/8 in the village of Suszyce , died 1553 in Königsberg ( Królewiec , today Kaliningrad ) ) was a Polish writer , translator and a Lutheran activist during the Protestant Reformation .
Henryk Breit ( 1906 -- 1941 ) was a Polish philologist and journalist .
Augustus Russell Street ( 5 November 1792 - 12 June 1866 ) was a philanthropist who made significant donations to Yale University .
Claire Guttenstein , née Frick then Guttenstein , then Gutt ( b. March 26 , 1888 d. 1948 , Saint - Josse - ten - Noode ) .
Camilla Faà di Bruno , also da Casale , also Camilla Faà Gonzaga ( c. 1599 -- 14 July 1662 ) was an Italian noblewoman who was married secretly , briefly and morganatically to Ferdinando the Gonzaga Duke of Mantua and Duke of Montferrat .
Amund Rydland ( 25 November 1888 - 16 February 1967 ) was a Norwegian stage and film actor and theatre director .
Gino Meneghetti ( Italian pronunciation : ( ˈdʒino meneˈɡetti ) ; 1 July 1878 - 23 May 1976 ) was an Italian thief who spent much of his criminal career in Brazil .
Gustav Mevissen , after 1884 known as Gustav von Mevissen , ( 20 May 1815 -- 13 August 1899 ) , was a German businessman and politician .
Wernher von Homberg ( also Werner ; Hohenberg , 1284 -- 21 March 1320 ) was a knight in the service Emperor Henry VII , and later of Frederick the Fair .
Edwin Field ( 16 December 1871 -- 9 January 1947 ) was an English rugby union forward who played club rugby for Cambridge University , Clifton R.F.C. , Richmond , Barbarians and Middlesex Wanderers and international rugby for England .
Johan Lorensen ( also John Lorentz ) ( died 1702 ) was a lieutenant and interim Governor - General of The Danish West Indies during two short periods , respectively October , 1689 to September 17 , 1692 and from April 7 , 1693 to February 19 , 1702 .
Hugh Hare , 1st Baron Coleraine ( 1606 -- 19 October 1667 ) , was an English courtier .
Bonnie Davis , born Gertrude Melba Smith ( June 10 , 1920 -- August 1976 ) , was an American R&B singer most popular in the 1940s .
Yehuda Sha'ari ( Hebrew : יהודה שערי‎ , 8 February 1920 -- 18 September 1997 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Liberal Party and the Independent Liberals between 1961 and 1977 .
Mumadona Dias , or Muniadomna Díaz , Countess of Portugal in the 10th century , who ruled the county jointly with her husband from about c. 920 and then on her own after her husband 's death around 950 until her death in 968 .
Philippe Arthuys ( 22 November 1928 -- 6 January 2010 ) was a French composer and film director .
Frank E. Edbrooke ( 1840 - -1921 ) , also known as F.E. Edbrooke , was a 19th and early 20th century architect in Denver , Colorado who has been termed the `` dean '' of Denver architecture .
Angelo Ardinghi ( 1850 - -1897 ) was an Italian wood engraver .
Paolo Quagliati ( c. 1555 -- 16 November 1628 ) was an Italian composer of the early Baroque era and a member of the Roman School of composers .
Hocine Aït Ahmed ( Arabic : حسين آيت أحمد‎‎ ; 20 August 1926 -- 23 December 2015 ) was an Algerian politician .
John Edward Marr FGS FRS ( 14 June 1857 -- 1 October 1933 ) was a British geologist .
Israel af Ström ( 5 September 1778 -- 24 October 1856 ) was a Swedish forest researcher and founder of Sweden 's national Forestry Institute .
Kakaji Maharaj ( 1918 - -1986 ) was an Indian philosopher and thinker .
Vittal Mallya ( 1924 - -1983 ) was an Indian entrepreneur , best known as the former Chairman of the India - based United Breweries Group .
Herman Major Schirmer ( 20 June 1845 -- 11 April 1913 ) was a Norwegian architect and historian of art . Born in Kristiania , the son of an architect , he preferred teaching and studying architecture to designing structures , and is hailed as `` one of the chief ideologues '' of Norwegian romantic nationalism .
Elias Smith ( 17 June 1769 -- 29 June 1846 ) was a preacher , physician , journalist and clergyman .
Natan Spigel ( also : Nathan , Szpigiel / Spiegel / Szpigel ) ( 1886 - -1942 ) was a Jewish artist painter born in Poland .
Robert Raglan ( 7 April 1909 -- 18 July 1985 ) was a British actor best known for his semi - regular role in Dad 's Army as Colonel Pritchard .
Christen Gran Bøgh ( 11 June 1876 -- 4 September 1955 ) was a Norwegian jurist , tourism promoter and theatre critic .
Ramkumar Bohra ( Hindi : रामकुमार बोहरा ; 2 August 1928 -- 11 October 1991 ) was an Indian film producer / director / actor / screenwriter .
Ted Peterson MBE ( 6 May 1916 -- 19 December 2005 ) was a baseball ( British / Welsh ) player , whose unparalleled achievements in the sport earned him the title `` Mr Baseball '' .
George Brough ( /ˈbrʌf/ BRUF ) ( 21 April 1890 -- 12 January 1970 ) , was a motorcycle racer , world record holding motorcycle and automobile manufacturer , and showman .
Professor Arthur Pan ( floruit 1920 - -1960 ) was a Hungarian artist and portrait painter , whose subjects included Winston Churchill .
Reuven Frank ( 7 December 1920 -- 4 February 2006 ) was an American broadcast news pioneer .
Penn Jeffries Krouse ( September 23 , 1877 - -April 1944 ) , usually known as P.J. Krouse was a prolific architect in the state of Mississippi .
Renzo Rivolta ( 5 September 1908 - 20 August 1966 ) was an Italian Engineer .
Saw Zein ( Burmese : စောဇိတ် , pronounced : ( sɔ́ zeiʔ ) ; 1303 - -1330 ) was the fourth king of the Hanthawaddy Pegu from 1323 to 1330 .
Thomas Phillips Thompson ( 25 November 1843 -- 20 May 1933 ) was an English - born journalist and humorist who was active in the early socialist movement in Canada .
Thomas Jevon ( 1652 - -1688 ) was an English playwright , and one of the first English Harlequins .
Richard Wilmot DD ( 1703 - -1772 ) was a Canon of Windsor from 1748 - -1772
Johnny Mullagh ( born Unaarrimin ) ( 13 August 1841 -- 14 August 1891 ) was a leading Victorian cricketer who led the famous 1868 Aboriginal cricket tour of England .
Eric Spear ( 18 April 1908 -- 3 November 1966 ) was an English composer of film music most noted for writing the theme tune to the ITV soap opera Coronation Street .
Theophilus Weeks ( 1708 -- January 1772 ) was an early settler in the British colony of Province of North Carolina .
Samuel Palmer ( 27 January 1805 -- 24 May 1881 ) was a British landscape painter , etcher and printmaker .
Mark Carlisle , Baron Carlisle of Bucklow QC DL PC ( 7 July 1929 --14 July 2005 ) was a Conservative British politician and was Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Runcorn 1964 - 1983 and Warrington South 1983 - 1987 .
Hedy Lamarr ( /ˈhɛdi/ ; born Hedwig Eva Maria Kiesler , 9 November 1914 -- 19 January 2000 ) was an Austrian and American film actress and inventor .
Randolph H. Guthrie ( 1905 -- 11 September 1989 ) was an American lawyer and businessman who became the chairman of the Studebaker corporation .
Tommy Noble ( 4 March 1897 -- 1 April 1966 ) was a British boxer who was British bantamweight champion between 1918 and 1919 , and European champion in 1919 .
Gøsta af Geijerstam ( 22 August 1888 -- 20 August 1954 , also Gösta , Gustaf ) was a Swedish - Norwegian author and painter .
Arthur Leslie Noel Douglas Houghton , Baron Houghton of Sowerby CH PC ( 11 August 1898 -- 2 May 1996 ) was a British Labour politician .
Simon Luttrell , 1st Earl of Carhampton ( 1713 -- 14 January 1787 ) was an Anglo - Irish politician and nobleman .
Pupienus ( Latin : Marcus Clodius Pupienus Maximus Augustus ; born c. 165/170 -- 29 July 238 ) , also known as Pupienus Maximus , was Roman Emperor with Balbinus for three months in 238 , during the Year of the Six Emperors .
Lieutenant General Sir ( Warren ) Hastings Anderson , KCB ( 1872 - -1930 ) was Quartermaster - General to the Forces .
William Yandell Elliott ( 1896 - -1979 ) was an American historian and political advisor to six U.S. presidents .
Jesse Babcock Ferguson ( January 19 , 1819 - -September 3 or September 4 , 1870 ) was an American Christian preacher who developed Spiritualist leanings in the 1840s and 1850s while serving as the preacher at the Nashville , Tennessee Church of Christ .
Jan Malm was CEO of the Swedish telecom company Ericsson in China 2000 - -2004 .
Ezra Ichilov ( Hebrew : עזרא איכילוב‎ , 10 June 1907 -- 25 June 1961 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the General Zionists and the Liberal Party between 1951 and 1961 .
Edward Greenly ( 3 December 1861 -- 4 March 1951 ) was an English geologist known for his a detailed geological survey of the island of Anglesey .
Ramberto Malatesta ( died January 1330 ) was a son of the ill - fated Paolo ' il Bello ' Malatesta and brother of the Archpriest Guido Malatesta .
Mingrui ( Chinese : 明瑞 , Burmese : မင်းယွီ , Burmese pronunciation : ( mɪ́ɴ jwì ) ; ? -- March 1768 ) was the first General of Ili from October 1762 to March 1767 and then Governor - general of Yunnan and Guizhou from April 1767 to March 1768 .
Tan Daoji ( simplified Chinese : 檀道济 ; traditional Chinese : 檀道濟 ; pinyin : Tán Dàojì ) ( died April 9 , 436 ) was a high level general of the Chinese dynasty Liu Song .
Aristóteles Picho Martínez ( 1957 -- 21 December 2013 ) was a Peruvian actor , director , writer and acting teacher .
Aberra Kassa ( 1905 -- 21 December 1936 ) was an army commander and a member of the Royal family of the Ethiopian Empire .
William Augustus Hinton ( 15 December 1883 , Chicago , Illinois -- 1959 , Canton , Massachusetts ) was an American bacteriologist , pathologist and educator .
Hiram Sinsabaugh ( c. 1832 - -1892 ) was a Methodist Episcopal minister and banker who served on the Los Angeles , California , Common Council , the legislative branch of the city , in the 19th century .
Ken Hedt ( 15 November 1936 - 16 May 2006 ) was an Australian rules footballer , who played in the Victorian Football League for Collingwood .
Dr. Edwin Caldwell ( August 12 , 1867 in Chapel Hill , North Carolina - 1932 ) was an African American physician who served patients in Central North Carolina around the turn of the twentieth century .
Ève Francis ( 20 August 1886 -- 6 December 1980 ) was an actress and film - maker .
Cornelius Magrath ( 1736 - -1760 ) was an Irish giant born in Tipperary .
Giuseppe Piamontini ( 1664 - 1742 ) was an Italian sculptor , born and active in Florence .
Jonathan Belcher ( 8 January 1681/2 -- 31 August 1757 ) was a merchant , businessman , and politician from the Province of Massachusetts Bay during the American colonial period .
Sir Walter George Kent CBE ( 1858 -- 11 November 1938 ) was chairman and managing director of the engineering firm George Kent Ltd which was started by his father George Kent in 1838 .
José Miguel García Lanza ( 17??--1828 ; also José Miguel Lanza ) was a hero of the Bolivian wars of independence .
The ' Mechanical Horse ' was made in France , under licence , by Tracteurs FAR Oliver Danson North died 11 November 1968 at Haslemere in his 82nd year .
Theodore Ropp ( born 22 May 1911 in Hollywood , Illinois - died 2 December 2000 in Durham , North Carolina ) was a professor at Duke University .
Harald Rudyard Engman ( 1903 - 1968 ) was a Danish artist , painter .
Logan Pearsall Smith ( 18 October 1865 -- 2 March 1946 ) was an American - born British essayist and critic .
Ze'ev Boim ( Hebrew : זאב בוים‎ , 30 April 1943 -- 18 March 2011 ) was an Israeli politician .
Ran Banda Seneviratne ( ? -- 5 December 2001 ) was a Sri Lankan lawyer , author , lyricist , television and radio presenter .
José Manuel Machado ( 1756 - 1852 ) was a Spanish soldier , ranchero , early citizen and regiador on the ayuntamiento of the pueblo of San Diego .
Nils Arntzen Ramm ( 13 August 1903 -- 22 April 1974 ) was a Norwegian engineer , military captain , and businessperson .
Gao Huaide ( 高懷德 ) ( c. 926 -- 982 ) courtesy name Cangyong was a general in ancient China , first in the Later Zhou military and later in the Northern Song military .
Michele Deconet ( b. 1713 - d. 1799 ) was a traveling violinist in Paris and Venice , the latter of which he resided in until his death .
Wellwood Herries Maxwell ( 15 October 1817 -- 13 August 1900 ) was a Scottish Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874 .
Wilhelm Reublin ( 1484 -- c. 1559 ) was a leading figure of the Swiss Brethren movement .
Amatsukaze Masao , born Masao Miyanaga ( 1 December 1937 -- 30 April 2013 ) , is a former sumo wrestler from Monzen , Ishikawa , Japan .
Antoine Janis ( March 26 , 1824 - -1890 ) was a 19th - century French - American fur trader and an early white homesteader in Larimer County , Colorado , in the United States .
Khan Bahadur Nawab Sir Liaqat Hayat Khan KBE KCIE OBE ( also sometimes ' Liaquat Hyat Khan ' ) , ( February 1887 -- 1948 ) was an Indian official who served for most of his career as a minister and later Prime Minister of Patiala State , in British India .
Lila Katzen ( 30 December 1925 , in Brooklyn , NY -- 20 September 1998 , in New York , NY ) , born Lila Pell , was an American sculptor of fluid , large - scale metal abstractions .
George Reginald Starr DSO MC ( 6 April 1904 -- 2 September 1980 ) was a British mining engineer and one of the Special Operations Executive 's best secret agents during World War II .
John Glen Wardrop ( c. 1920 - c. 1989 ) was an English transport analyst who developed Wardrop 's first and second principles of equilibrium .
David Litvinoff ( sometimes Litvinov ; born David Levy ; 3 February 1928 -- 8 April 1975 ) was a consultant for the British film industry who traded on his knowledge of the low life of the East End of London .
Abdirizak Haji Hussein ( Somali : Cabdirisaaq Xaaji Xuseen ; Arabic : عبد الرازق حاجي حسين‎‎ ; 24 December 1924 -- 31 January 2014 ) was a Somali diplomat and politician .
Colonel George Armand Furse CB ( 23 August 1834 -- 3 April 1906 ) was a British Colonel and author .
Henryk Wieniawski ( ( vʲɛˈɲafskʲi ) ; 10 July 1835 -- 31 March 1880 ) was a Polish violinist and composer .
Richard Nelthorpe ( died 1685 ) was an English lawyer , a conspirator in the Rye House Plot .
Petru Bogdan ( 29 January 1873 , Iași -- 28 March 1944 , Mediaș ) was a Romanian chemist , educator and politician .
Nicholas Fish ( 1758 - -1833 ) was an American Revolutionary War soldier .
Abulhair Khan , Abul Khair Khan ( Kazakh : Әбілқайыр хан , Äbilqayır xan ) ( 1693 - -1748 ) was leader of the Kazakh Little jüz in present - day western Kazakhstan .
Terence Cooper ( 5 July 1933 -- 16 September 1997 ) was a British film actor , best known for his roles in Australian and New Zealand television and film .
Georg Gyssling ( 16 June 1893 -- 8 January 1965 ) was German consul to the United States from 1927 until 1941 , since 1933 in Los Angeles .
William Henry Howe ( 1846 in Ravenna , Ohio -- 1929 ) was an American painter active in Bronxville .
Anne McDonald ( 11 January 1961 -- 22 October 2010 ) was an Australian author and an activist for the rights of people with communication disability .
Daniş Karabelen ( 1898 - 1983 ) was a Turkish Army general who was the founder of Turkey 's Tactical Mobilisation Group in 1952 , and served as its chief until his retirement in 1960 .
Blago Zadro ( 31 March 1944 -- 16 October 1991 ) was a commander of the northern part of Croatian defense forces in Vukovar ( Croatia ) during the Croatian War of Independence .
Miles Morgan ( 1616 -- 28 May 1699 ) was a Welsh colonist of America , a pioneer settler of what was to become Springfield , Massachusetts .
John Droxford ( sometimes John Drokensford ; died 9 May 1329 ) , was a Bishop of Bath and Wells .
Sir George Gustavus Walker KCB JP DL ( 1831 - 5 August 1897 ) was a Conservative Member of Parliament ( MP ) .
Carlo de Tocco ( 11 August 1592 - 14 February 1674 ) , titular Duke of Leucada and Prince of Montemiletto , was an Italian aristocrat , nobleman and military officer .
Richard Beale Blaize ( 1844 - -1904 ) was a West African businessman of Sierra Leonean and Nigerian heritage .
Nişancı Ahmed Pasha ( died February 1753 ) , also called Şehla Ahmed Pasha or Hacı Şehla Ahmed Pasha or Kör Vezir Ahmed Pasha ( `` Ahmed Pasha the Blind Vizier '' ) , was an Ottoman Grand Vizier during the reign of Mahmud I. He was also the Ottoman governor of Egypt from 1748 to 1751 .
Thomas Gerald Pickavance , CBE , FRS ( 19 October 1915 -- 12 November 1991 ) was a British nuclear physicist who was a leading authority on the design and use of particle accelerators .
Bobby Jaspar ( 20 February 1926 -- 28 February 1963 ) was a Belgian cool jazz and hard bop saxophonist , flautist and composer .
Thomas Hebblethwaite ( 1629 -- June 1668 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1660 and 1668 .
Fernando Cortés ( October 4 , 1909 -- 1979 ) was a Mexican ( Puerto Rican by birth ) film actor , writer and director .
David McMackon ( 19 March 1858 -- 10 December 1922 ) was a Canadian sports shooter .
August Bellanca ( born 1880 -- 1969 ) was an American labor activist who was a founder and three - time vice president of the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America ( ACWA ) .
Parviz Yahaghi ( Persian : پرویز یاحقی ‎‎ ) ( September 22 , 1936 -- February 2 , 2007 ) was a distinguished Iranian composer and violinist .
Henry Somerset , 1st Marquess of Worcester ( 1577 -- 18 December 1646 ) was an English aristocrat , who was a prominent and financially important Royalist during the early years of the English Civil War .
Pir Ilahi Bux died on 8 October 1975 leaving behind him 5 sons and 2 daughters .
Pedro de Calatayud ( 1 August 1689 in Navarre , Spain -- 27 February 1773 in Bologna , Papal States ) was a Jesuit missionary .
Billie Barry ( d. 30 September 2014 ) was an Irish singer , dancer and choreographer who founded the Billie Barry Stage School in 1964 .
Vladimir Naglič ( 1896 -- 1966 ) was a Slovene mariner and translator , known for his contribution to a Slovene Nautical Dictionary ( Pomorska Slovenščina ) published in 1961 in cooperation with Janez Gradišnik and contributor of nautical terms to the Dictionary of Slovene Literary Language .
Annibal Camoux ( 1638 ? -- 1759 ) was a former French soldier from Marseilles who was noted for his longevity .
Sir Henry de Grey of Grays Thurrock , Essex ( 1155 - 1219 ) , was a favourite courtier of King John of England .
Blessed Catherine Jarrige ( 4 October 1754 -- 4 July 1836 ) , known as Catinon Menette , a beatified third - order Dominican of the Catholic Church .
Fernando Ayala ( 2 July 1920 -- 11 September 1997 ) was an Argentine film producer , film director , screenwriter and film producer of the classic era .
Zein al - Sharaf Talal ( 2 August 1916 -- 26 April 1994 ) was the Queen of Jordan and wife of King Talal .
John Belfour ( 1768 - 1842 ) , was an English orientalist and miscellaneous writer , of whom little is recorded , except that he was a member of the Royal Society of Literature , and that he died in the City Road , London , in 1842 , at the age of seventy - four .
Niels Sigfred Nebelong ( 14 October 1806 -- 9 October 1871 ) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style .
Dawson Dawson - Watson ( 1864 - -1939 ) as a British - born Impressionist painter who became famous in 1927 for winning the largest cash prize in American art , the Texas Competitive Wildflower Competition .
Roy Alfred ( May 14 , 1916 -- 2008 ) was an American Tin Pan Alley lyricist whose successful songs included `` The Hucklebuck '' , `` Rock and Roll Waltz '' , and `` Let 's Lock the Door ( And Throw Away the Key ) '' .
Solomon Klein ( October 14 , 1814 at Bischheim , Alsace -- November 10 , 1867 at Colmar , Alsace ) , was a French rabbi .
Embrik Strand ( 2 June 1876 -- 3 November 1947 ) was an arachnologist who classified many insect and spider species , including the greenbottle blue tarantula .
Frank Lewis Marsh ( 18 October 1899 , Aledo , Illinois -- 14 July 1992 ) was an American Seventh - day Adventist biologist , educator and young Earth creationist author .
Derrick Norman Lehmer ( 27 July 1867 -- 8 September 1938 ) was an American mathematician and number theorist .
Herbert Sanders ( 20 September 1878 -- 18 May 1938 ) was a Canadian organist , pianist , conductor , composer , writer on music , and music educator of English birth .
Piet Hesse ( 2 December 1872 -- 4 March 1936 ) was a Dutch comedian of the late 19th and early 20th century .
Theodor von Jürgensen ( 11 April 1840 -- 8 May 1907 ) was a German internist who was a native of Flensburg , Schleswig - Holstein .
Captain Sir Geoffrey de Havilland OM CBE AFC RDI FRAeS ( 27 July 1882 -- 21 May 1965 ) was a British aviation pioneer and aircraft engineer .
André Tulard ( 1899 - -1967 ) was a French civil administrator and police inspector .
Saint Amato Ronconi ( 1225 - 8 May 1292 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic who became a professed member of the Secular Franciscan Order due to his desire to follow in the footsteps of Saint Francis of Assisi .
Percy Fairclough ( 1 February 1858 -- 22 June 1947 ) was an English amateur footballer who made one appearance for England in 1878 .
Ron McCarthy ( 3 November 1934 -- 20 January 1989 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Footscray in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) during the 1950s .
Norman Joseph Fetbrod ( February 18 , 1925 -- 11 May 2007 ) , better known by his professional name Norman Frank , was an American public relations executive and politician who helped the Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association ( PBA ) defeat a civilian complaint review board proposed by New York City Mayor John V. Lindsay .
Nils Wallerius ( Stora Mellösa 1 January 1706 -- Funbo 16 August 1764 ) was a Swedish physicist , philosopher and theologian .
Eric Segelberg ( 20 December 1920 Nykoping , Sweden -- 17 October 2001 Uppsala , Sweden ) was theologian and a priest of the Lutheran Church of Sweden .
Eve Annabel Farjeon ( 19 March 1919 - 8 February 2004 ) was a British ballerina and author .
Amit Golan ( 1964 - 2010 ) ( Hebrew : עמית גולן ) was an Israeli pianist , composer , and jazz educator .
Daniel Dancer ( 1716 - -1794 ) was a notorious English miser whose life was documented soon after his death and continued in print over the following century .
Peter Engelmann ( b. Pfalz , Rhenish Prussia , 1823 in -- d. 1874 ) was a German American educationist , writer and founder of the German - English Academy ( today University School of Milwaukee ) .
Edmund Gunter ( 1581 -- 10 December 1626 ) , was an English clergyman , mathematician , geometer and astronomer of Welsh descent .
Charles I , Duke of Münsterberg - Oels ( also : Charles I of Podebrady , Czech : Karel z Minstrberka , German : Karl I. von Münsterberg ; 2 or 4 May 1476 , Kladsko -- 31 May 1536 , Frankenstein ) was a member of the House of Poděbrady .
Sir John Robin Ibbs , KBE ( 21 April 1926 -- 27 July 2014 ) was an English business executive , government advisor and Royal Navy officer .
Arvid Emanuel Kallen ( July 24 , 1895 -- April 1969 ) was a General Motors executive until his retirement in 1959 .
Ron Kershaw ( 1945 -- July 1989 ) was an American television news executive responsible for several television news innovations .
Sir John Penington ( 1584?--1646 ) was an English admiral who served under Charles I of England .
Carl Wilhelm Scheele ( 9 December 1742 -- 21 May 1786 ) was a Swedish Pomeranian and pharmaceutical chemist .
Chapman Cohen ( 1 September 1868 -- 4 February 1954 ) was a leading English atheist and secularist writer and lecturer .
Ida Aalberg ( 4 December 1857 -- 17 January 1915 ) was the most notable and internationally known Finnish actress of her time .
James McGiffen ( 30 January 1904 -- 3 August 1929 ) was an English footballer who played as an outside left in the Football League for Darlington .
Frank Caine ( 28 July 1881 -- 19 January 1930 ) was an Australian rules footballer in the Victorian Football League .
Sir Archibald Douglas of Glenbervie ( 1513 -- 18 September 1570 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
Sir John Wittewrong , 1st Baronet ( 1 November 1618 -- 23 June 1693 ) was an English parliamentarian colonel and squire of Rothamsted Manor .
John IV of Werle - Goldberg , ( before 1350 -- between 13 March and 14 December 1374 ) was from 1354 until his death Lord of Werle - Goldberg .
Li Shanlan ( 李善蘭 , courtesy name : Renshu 壬叔 , art name : Qiuren 秋紉 ) ( 1810 -- 1882 ) was a Chinese mathematician of the Qing Dynasty .
Fr . Elie Melia ( Georgian : ილია მელია ) ( February 20 , 1915 -- 1988 ) was a Georgian Orthodox priest in France and church historian .
Zhao Erxun , or Chao Erh - sun , ( simplified Chinese : 赵尔巽 ; traditional Chinese : 趙爾巽 ; 1844 - -1927 ) was the brother of Zhao Erfeng .
Stephen McGonagle ( 17 November 1914 -- 4 March 2002 ) was a Northern Irish and Irish trade unionist .
Ubay ibn Ka'b ( died 649 ) , also known as Abu Mundhir ( the father of Mundhir ) , was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad and a person of high esteem in the early Muslim community .
Albert Inkpin ( 16 June 1884 -- 1944 ) was a British communist and the first General Secretary of the Communist Party of Great Britain ( CPGB ) .
Julius Klinger ( May 22 , 1876 -- 1942 ) was an Austrian Painter , draftsman , illustrator , commercial graphic artist , typographer and writer .
Jenő Ghyczy de Ghicz , Assakürt et Ablánczkürt ( 4 May 1893 -- 18 January 1982 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1943 and 1944 .
Charles Skinner Hallpike , CBE , FRS ( 19 July 1900 -- 26 September 1979 ) was an English otologist .
Charles N. Riotte ( 1814 - -1887 ) was an American diplomat who served as US ambassador to Costa Rica and Nicaragua under the administration of Abraham Lincoln and Ulysses S. Grant .
Karl Eusebius , Prince of Liechtenstein ( 11 April 1611 -- 5 April 1684 ) was the Prince of Liechtenstein .
Anne Hutchinson , born Anne Marbury ( 1591 - -1643 ) , was a Puritan spiritual adviser , mother of 15 , and an important participant in the Antinomian Controversy that shook the infant Massachusetts Bay Colony from 1636 to 1638 .
Karl - Heinz Marsell ( 1 August 1936 -- 23 September 1996 ) was a German professional cyclist who was active between 1955 and 1966 , predominantly in motor - paced racing .
Sir Joseph Ashe , 1st Baronet ( 1618 -- 15 April 1686 ) was an English Whig politician and merchant .
Joseph Katz ( 1912 - -2004 ) allegedly worked for Soviet intelligence from the 1930s to the late 1940s as one of its most active liaison agents .
Josias Nottidge ( 1828 - 1873 ) was an English rower who twice won Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta .
Johan Andreas Altenburg ( 1763 - -1824 ) was a Norwegian merchant and shipowner , who belonged to the patriciate of the port town of Skien .
Henrik Johan Walbeck ( 1794 - 1823 ) was a Finnish geodesist studying the size and figure of the Earth by means of grade measurement .
William Ohly ( 31 August 1883 -- 22 July 1955 ) was a British ethnographic art collector and gallery owner , whose Berkeley Galleries and Abbey Art Centre and Museum were important features of the mid-20th century London art scene .
Marcus Ummidius Quadratus Annianus ( 138 CE - 182 CE ) was a wealthy Roman Politician and the nephew of the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius .
Wes Gallagher ( died October 11 , 1997 ) was an American journalist for the Associated Press .
Chokkanatha Nayak ( 1662 - -1682 ) succeeded his father Muttu Alkadri Nayak , as the ruler of the Madurai Nayak dynasty , when he was sixteen years old .
Saints Exuperius and Zoe ( died 127 AD ) are 2nd century Christian martyrs .
Usher Lee was Dean of Waterford from 1804 until his death in 1850 .
Simcha Dinitz ( Hebrew : שמחה דיניץ‎ , born 23 June 1929 , died 23 September 2003 ) was an Israeli statesman and politician .
Sangram Shah ( 1500 - -1542 CE ) was a king of the Garha - Katanga Kingdom , now in the Narsinghpur district within the state of Madhya Pradesh , India .
Elna Lassen ( 1901 -- 1930 ) was a Danish ballerina who was the premiere danseuse of the Royal Danish Ballet .
John Backwell ( 20 April 1654 -- 15 April 1708 ) was an English politician , the son of the financier Edward Backwell .
Mr Commissioner Robert Malcolm Kerr LL.D ( 5 June 1821 - -21 November 1902 ) , was a British judge of the late Victorian era .
General of the Infantry Jakob Friedrich von Rüchel - Kleist ( 25 January 1778 , Segenthin -- 15 March 1848 , Danzig ) was a Prussian officer during the Napoleonic Wars and a governor of Danzig ( Gdansk ) .
James Bucknall Bucknall Estcourt ( 1803 - 1855 ) , was a major - general and MP .
Christina Charlotta Cederström ( née Mörner af Morlanda ) ( 2 March 1760 -- 22 February 1832 ) was a Swedish dilettante artist , salon hostess , and baroness .
Sir Robert Shaw , 1st Baronet ( 29 January 1774 -- 10 March 1849 ) was a Tory UK Member of Parliament who represented Dublin City from 1804 to 1826 .
Charles John Guthrie , Lord Guthrie ( 4 April 1849 in Edinburgh -- 28 April 1920 in Edinburgh ) was a Scottish lawyer .
George Drought Warburton ( 1816 - -1857 ) was an Irish soldier , politician and writer on Canada .
Beauchamp Tower ( 13 January 1845 -- 31 December 1904 ) was an English inventor and railway engineer who is chiefly known for his discovery of full - film or hydrodynamic lubrication .
Jakob Horn ( 14 February 1867 -- 24 February 1946 ) was a German mathematician who introduced Horn functions .
Cut Nyak Meutia ( 1870 -- 24 October 1910 ) , also known as Cut Meutia , is an Indonesian national hero from Aceh .
Count Adamo Chiusole ( ( 1728 - 1787 ) was an Italian painter and art historian . He mainly painted subjects with animals , landscapes and capricci .
Eugene List ( July 6 , 1918 -- March 1 , 1985 ) was an American concert pianist and teacher .
Sir John Hardy , 1st Baronet ( 23 February 1809 -- 9 July 1888 ) , was a British Conservative Member of Parliament .
Dr Eric Cunningham Dax , AO , BSc Lond , HonMD , FRACP , FRANZCP , HonFRCPsych ( 18 May 1908 -- 29 January 2008 ) was a British - born Australian psychiatrist .
Gustaf Adolf Vive Sparre af Söfteborg ( 4 September 1802 -- 26 April 1886 ) was a Swedish nobleman , civil servant and politician .
Félix Cottrau , a French painter , was born in Paris in 1799 , and died in the same city in 1852 .
Tom B. Coughran ( March 18 , 1906 , near Visalia , California -- October 2 , 1993 ) was an American banker , soldier and public servant .
Auguste Pierre Chouteau ( 9 May 1786 -- 25 December 1838 ) was a member of the Chouteau fur - trading family who established trading posts in what is now the U.S. state of Oklahoma .
Ernst Plassmann ( 14 June 1823 -- 28 November 1877 ; alternate spelling , Plassman ) was a German - American sculptor and carver .
Francis Joseph Neptune ( 1735 - -1834 ) was chief of the Passamaquoddy tribe during the American Revolutionary War .
Theophilus Polwhele or Polwheile ( died 1689 ) was an English ejected minister .
Richard Annesley , 2nd Earl Annesley PC ( Ire ) ( 14 April 1745 -- 9 November 1824 ) , styled The Honourable from 1758 to 1802 , was an Anglo - Irish politician and noble .
Madeleine Simms ( 6 September 1930 -- 3 October 2011 ) was a British social campaigner and one of the architects of the Abortion Act 1967 .
Corneliu E. Giurgea ( 6 January 1923 , Bucharest -- 30 December 1995 , Brussels ) was a Romanian psychologist and chemist .
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Milling ( died 30 December 1822 ) was a British Army officer who fought in the Napoleonic Wars .
Richard Sampson ( died 25 September 1554 ) was an English clergyman and composer of sacred music , who was Anglican bishop of Chichester and subsequently of Coventry and Lichfield .
Samuel Simmons ( 1640 - -1687 ) was an English printer , best known as the first publisher of several works by John Milton .
Sir John Hody ( died 1441 ) was an English judge and Chief Justice of the King 's Bench
Xu Ming ( Chinese : 徐明 ; pinyin : Xú Míng ; April 1971 -- 4 December 2015 ) was a Chinese entrepreneur and onetime billionaire .
Boris Mokrousov ( Russian : Бори́с Андре́евич Мокроу́сов ; 27 February 1909 -- 27 March 1968 ) was a Soviet composer .
King Hye of Baekje ( died 599 ) ( r. 598 - -599 ) was the 28th king of Baekje , one of the Three Kingdoms of Korea .
Parshuram Ballal Godbole ( Marathi : परशुराम बल्लाळ गोडबोले ) ( 1799 -- 3 September 1874 ) was a Marathi lexicographer , editor , and translator .
Oliver Lloyd ( or Lloyde ) ( 1570 or 1571 -- 1625 ) was a Welsh Anglican priest and lawyer who became Dean of Hereford Cathedral .
Denma Locho Rinpoche ( 1928 Kham , 23 October 2014 ) was a Tibetan recognized incarnate lama of the Loseling College of Drepung Monastery .
K. P. Karunakara Menon ( 1930 - -2002 ) was the president of Nair Service Society till his death in 2002 .
Spencer Leigh Hughes ( 21 April 1858 -- 22 February 1920 ) was a British , engineer , journalist and Liberal politician .
Heinrich Gattineau ( 6 January 1905 in Bucharest -- 27 April 1985 ) was a German economist , Sturmabteilung ( SA ) leader , director of IG Farben and defendant during the Nuremberg trials .
Sir Charles Wolseley , 7th Baronet ( 20 July 1769 - 3 October 1846 ) was one of the Wolseley baronets of Staffordshire .
Marius Plamondon ( 1914 - -1976 ) was a Canadian sculptor and stained glass artist who made a significant contribution to the revival of the art of stained glass in Quebec during his lifetime .
Donald Carroll ( 12 December 1940 -- 30 December 2010 ) was an American author , editor , poet , columnist and humourist .
Robert Templeton ( 12 December 1802 -- 2 June 1892 ) was a Naturalist , artist , and entomologist , and was born at Cranmore House , Belfast , Ireland .
Like his grandfather , Bishan Singh died in this bitterly cold region ( 31 December 1699 ) after serving a bigoted and thankless master .
William Graham , 8th Earl of Menteith , 2nd Earl of Airth ( c. 1634 -- 1694 ) , was a Scottish nobleman .
Ciro Denza ( Castellammare di Stabia , near Naples February 8 , 1844 - 1915 ) was an Italian painter .
Lukeni lua Nimi ( also Ntinu Nimi a Lukeni ; c. 1380 - -1420 ) was the first king and founder of the Kingdom of Kongo Dia Ntotila .
William Pollard - Urquhart ( 19 June 1815 -- 1 June 1871 ) , was a 19th - century writer specialising in economic and policy questions of his day ; he served as high sheriff of County Westmeath , and sat as Member of Parliament for the county .
El Gran Senor ( 21 April 1981 -- October 2006 ) was an American - bred Thoroughbred race horse , foaled at Windfields Farm in Maryland .
Sir John Trott , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1615 -- 14 July 1672 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1672 .
Martin Henry Freeman ( 1826 - -1889 ) was the first Black president of an American college , as well as later serving as president of Liberia College .
George Manson ( 3 December 1850 - 27 February 1876 ) was a Scottish watercolour painter born in Edinburgh .
Hans Holmboe ( 8 October 1798 - 23 May 1868 ) was a Norwegian educator and politician .
Franceschetto Cybo ( baptized Francesco ) ( c. 1450 -- 25 July 1519 ) was an Italian nobleman , the illegitimate son of Pope Innocent VIII ( Giovanni Battista Cybo ) .
Mohammad Barkatullah ( 1898 -- 1974 ) , a Bangladeshi author , was born in Sirajganj .
Isabella Mercia McDonagh ( 1899 - -1982 ) , also known as Marie Lorraine , was an Australian actress who often worked in collaboration with her sisters Paulette and Phyllis .
Christian Fleischer ( 1713 -- 21 March 1768 ) was a Danish civil servant in the naval administration .
Edmund Whitelocke ( 1565 - -1608 ) was an English soldier , royal courtier and suspected conspirator .
Arcangelo Corelli ( /kɔːˈrɛli/ ; 17 February 1653 -- 8 January 1713 ) was an Italian violinist and composer of the Baroque era .
M.C. Davar ( 24 April 1913 -- 9 November 1977 ) was a freedom fighter and associate of Jawaharlal Nehru who is remembered for his opposition to the Partition of India , his work among the refugees from Pakistan and his championing the idea of a confederation of India and Pakistan .
Thomas Francis McNulty ( 1858 or 1859 -- 1932 ) was an American Democratic Party ( United States ) political operative and epithetist .
James Moss Cardwell ( 17 January 1926 - 11 April 1990 ) , who used the pen name Adobe James , was an American writer and educator .
Henrik von Rehbinder ( 1604 - -1680 ) was a Swedish soldier and Friherre of the Udriku estate in Swedish Estonia .
Jean - François Batut ( 26 June 1828 in Castres - 21 May 1907 ) was a French painter known for his portraits , with subjects including Ferdinand de Lesseps and Gustave Eiffel .
Elizabeth Sparhawk - Jones ( 1885 - -1968 ) was an American painter who lived in New York City , Philadelphia , and Paris , France .
Charles George Harper ( 1863 -- 1943 ) was an English author and illustrator .
Heukchi Sangji ( Hangul : 흑치상지 , Hanja : 黑齒常之 , pinyin : Heichi Changzhi ) ( 630 - -689 ) was a Baekje general who became a leader of the Baekje Revival Movement , and later a Tang Dynasty general .
Otto Torvik ( born June 12 , 1901 in Bolsøy , died in 1988 ) was a Norwegian missionary in Xinjiang and in India .
Eva Crane ( 12 June 1912 -- 6 September 2007 ) was a researcher and author on the subjects of bees and beekeeping .
Pushyamitra Shunga was succeeded in 151 BCE by his son Agnimitra .
Joseph Stock ( 1740 - -1813 ) was an Irish Protestant churchman and writer , bishop of Killala and Achonry and afterwards bishop of Waterford and Lismore .
Manuel Gregorio Argerich or Manuel Argerich ( 1835 - -1871 ) was an Argentine philosopher , author , lawyer , politician , mathematician and medical doctor .
Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy ( English IPA : ɦusæŋ ʃɑid sɦuɾɑwɑɾdɪə ; Urdu : حسین شہید سہروردی‎ ; Bengali : হোসেন শহীদ সোহ্‌রাওয়ার্দী ; 8 September 1892 -- 5 December 1963 ) was a Bengali politician and statesman from Bengal in the first half of the 20th - century .
Parkin Jeffcock , C.E. ( 27 October 1829 -- 13 December 1866 ) , was a mining engineer who died trying to effect the rescue of miners during the Oaks mining disaster which eventually took over 350 lives .
Petar Mandajiev ( Bulgarian : Петър Мандаджиев ; 6 November 1929 -- 2008 ) was a Bulgarian equestrian and Olympic medalist .
Francis Brabazon ( 24 January 1907 - 24 June 1984 ) was an Australian poet and a member of Meher Baba 's mandali .
Pierre Terrail , seigneur de Bayard ( 1473 -- 30 April 1524 ) was a French soldier , generally known as the Chevalier de Bayard .
Thomas Shuttleworth Grimshawe ( 1778 - -1850 ) , was an English biographer .
Felix Salten ( 6 September 1869 -- 8 October 1945 ) was an Austrian author and critic in Vienna .
Alexander Forbes , 4th Lord Forbes ( died 1491 ) , was the eldest son of William , third Lord Forbes , and succeeded his father in or before 1483 .
Mirko Virius ( October 28 , 1889 -- 1943 ) was a Croatian naïve painter .
Count Froben Christoph of Zimmern ( 19 February 1519 -- 27 November 1566 ) was the author of the Zimmern Chronicle and a member of the von Zimmern family of Swabian nobility .
Sukhrungphaa ( reign 1696 - -1714 ) , or Swargadeo Rudra Singha ( Assamese : স্বৰ্গদেউ ৰূদ্ৰ সিংহ ) , was a Tungkhungia king of the Ahom kingdom under whom the kingdom reached its zenith of power and glory .
Karl Joseph Kuwasseg ( 1802 , Trieste - 1877 ) was an Austrian painter of the 19th century , who moved to Paris in 1830 and took French nationality in 1870 .
Hazel Bess Laugenour ( 1899 - -1960 ) was an Undergraduate at the University of California at Berkeley in Literature when she became the first woman to swim across The Golden Gate Strait , which separates the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco Bay on August 19 , 1911 .
Sir Julian Goldsmid , 3rd Baronet ( 8 October 1838 -- 7 January 1896 ) was a British lawyer , businessman and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1866 and 1896 .
Saints Julian and Basilissa ( died ca . 304 ) were husband and wife .
John Chauderon ( French : Jean Chauderon ; died 1294 ) was the Baron of Estamira and Grand Constable of the Principality of Achaea , the strongest of the principalities of Frankish Greece .
Marianus of Florence was a Friar Minor , historian , and chronicler of the Franciscan Order ; born in Florence about the middle of the fifteenth century , exact date of birth uncertain ; died there , 20 July 1523 .
John Sommerfield ( 25 June 1908 -- 13 August 1991 ) was a British writer and left - wing activist known for his influential novel May Day , which fictionalised a Communist upheaval in 1930s London .
Moritz Hohenbaum van der Meer , aka Mauritius Hohenbaum van der Meer ( 25 June 1718 -- 18 December 1795 ) was a Swiss Benedictine historian .
Hassan Sheikh Mumin ( Somali : Xasan Sheekh Muumiin , Arabic : حسن الشيخ مؤمن‎ ) ( 1931 -- 16 January 2008 ) was a Somali poet , playwright , broadcaster , actor and composer .
Louis - Camus Destouches ( 1668 -- 11 March 1726 ) , usually called Destouches - Canon , was an artillery officer in the French Royal Army .
Thomas Oldham Barlow RA ( 4 August 1824 -- 24 December 1889 ) was an English mezzotint engraver .
Adolph Carl von de Heyde Süssmilch ( 12 February 1875 -- 6 December 1946 ) , also known as Adolph Carl Süssmilch , was an Australian geologist and educationist .
Thomas Barowe or Barrow ( died 1497 ? ) was an English ecclesiastic and judge .
Frank Hope - Jones ( 1867 - -1950 ) was a British horologist .
After entrusting the responsibilities of his office to his successor Mar Dionysius VI , Pulikkottil Joseph Mar Dionysious II died on 11 July 1909 .
Cândido da Fonseca Galvão , also known as Dom Obá II D'África ( Lençóis , 1845 - 1890 ) , was a Brazilian military and nobleman .
Walter Hussey Burgh ( 1742 - -1783 ) was an Irish statesman , barrister and judge ; he sat in the Irish House of Commons , and was considered to be one of its outstanding orators ; he served briefly as Chief Baron of the Exchequer at the end of his life .
Stella Schmolle , ( 1908 - 1975 ) was a British painter , known for the paintings she produced while serving in the Auxiliary Territorial Service during World War II and for her post - war portrait paintings .
Andrés Curruchich ( full name Andrés Curruchich Cúmez , sometimes called `` Andrew '' ) ( 19 January 1891 - 18 February 1969 ) was a Guatemalan naïve painter of the Kaqchikel people from the Kaqchikel town of San Juan Comalapa .
Nicola Veronica a portrait artist , photograph engraver for The Chicago Tribune newspaper , and art instructor at Palette and Chisel Academy of Fine Art in Chicago , Illinois , was born 15 August 1905 in Italy , and died September 1979 .
Octavio Gaona ( 1907 - -1996 ) was a Mexican Luchador , or professional wrestler , known for his participation in the first ever high profile Lucha de Apuesta , or wager fight , against Murciélago Velázquez .
Paolo Falconieri ( 1638 - -1704 ) was an Italian architect , painter and mathematician , from a noble family of Florence , whose intellectual interests were wide - ranging , one of the viruosi of the first scientific century .
Richard Risley ( before 1615 - 1648 ) was an early Puritan settler in the Massachusetts Bay Colony and one of the founders of Hartford , Connecticut .
Ami Perrin ( died 1561 ) was a Swiss Libertine and one of the most powerful figures in Geneva in the 16th century as chief opponent of religious reformer John Calvin 's rule of the city .
Dominick Dáll Bodkin ( died 8 October 1740 ) was an Irish mass murderer .
Benjamin Franklin Williams ( 1819 - 1886 ) was a Methodist minister and Republican politician who served three terms in the Texas Legislature .
Eli Fuchs ( Hebrew : אלי פוקס‎ ; 1924 - -1992 ) was an Israeli international football player and manager of Maccabi Haifa .
Alby Herman ( 28 March 1879 -- 11 February 1924 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Demetrio González ( 7 October 1927 -- 25 January 2015 ) was a Spanish - born Mexican film actor and singer of ranchera music .
Sir Philip Dawson ( 6 October 1866 -- 24 September 1938 ) was a British electrical engineer and Conservative politician .
Catherine Kendrigan ( c. 1837 -- May 1853 ) , murder victim .
Barbara Sass - Zdort ( 14 October 1936 -- 2 April 2015 ) was a Polish screenwriter and film / stage director .
Camille Muffat ( French pronunciation : ​(ka.mij myfa ) ; 28 October 1989 -- 9 March 2015 ) was a French swimmer and three - time Olympic medalist .
Maurice Mahon , 1st Baron Hartland ( 21 June 1738 -- 4 January 1819 ) , was an Irish politician and landowner .
Robert Moorhouse ( 7 September 1866 -- 7 January 1921 ) was an English first - class cricketer , who played 206 matches for Yorkshire County Cricket Club between 1888 and 1899 .
Manuel Zapata Olivella ( Santa Cruz of Lorica , Córdoba , 17 March 1920 - Bogota , 19 November 2004 ) was a doctor , anthropologist and Colombian writer .
Elizabeth Watkin - Jones ( 13 July 1887 -- 9 June 1966 ) was a Welsh children 's book author , who wrote in the Welsh language .
James Tassie ( 1735 - -1799 ) was a Scottish gem engraver and modeller .
Arthur Montagu Brookfield ( 18 March 1853 -- 3 March 1940 ) was a British army officer , diplomat author and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1903 .
Sumitra Charat Ram ( 17 November 1914 -- 8 August 2011 ) was noted Indian arts patron , impresario and the founder of Shriram Bharatiya Kala Kendra ( SBKK ) established in 1952 .
Eochocán mac Áedo ( died 883 ) was a Dál Fiatach king of Ulaid , which is now Ulster , Ireland .
Norman St John - Stevas , Baron St John of Fawsley , PC , FRSL ( /ˌsɪndʒən ˈstiːvəs/ sin - jən - STEE - vəs ; 18 May 1929 -- 2 March 2012 ) was a British politician , author , constitutional expert and barrister .
Hans von Baysen or Jan Bażyński ( c. 1394 -- 1459 ) was a Prussian knight and statesman , leader of the Prussian Confederation and the first Polish governor of Royal Prussia .
Hon . Alexander Macleay ( also spelt McLeay ) MLC FLS FRS ( 24 June 1767 -- 18 July 1848 ) was a leading member of the Linnean Society , a fellow of the Royal Society and member of the New South Wales Legislative Council .
Henry Smith Carhart , Ph . B. ( 1844 - -1920 ) was an American physicist and university professor .
Sir Thomas Dick Lauder of Fountainhall , 7th Baronet , FRSE FSA(Scot ) ( 13 August 1784 -- 29 May 1848 ) was a Scottish author .
Jim Adamson ( 1 August 1905 -- 22 August 1991 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with North Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) for over a decade .
Wulfoald ( died 680 ) was the mayor of the palace of Austrasia from 656 or 661 , depending on when Grimoald I was removed from that office ( accounts vary : see his article for details ) , to his death and mayor of the palace of Neustria and Burgundy from 673 to 675 .
Howard Steel ( 14 May 1911 -- 12 February 1987 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Abdul Samad Abdulla ( died 25 August 2013 ) was a Maldivian politician and the Minister of Foreign Affairs .
Richard Edward Geoffrey Howe , Baron Howe of Aberavon CH PC QC ( 20 December 1926 -- 9 October 2015 ) , known from 1970 to 1992 as Sir Geoffrey Howe , was a British Conservative politician .
Subodh Ghosh ( Bengali : সুবোধ ঘোষ ) ( 1909 - -1980 ) was a noted Bengali author and journalist with Kolkata - based daily newspaper Ananda Bazar Patrika .
George Austin ( fl . 1780s ) was one of two gardeners trained at the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , in London and sent by Joseph Banks to care for plants on a voyage to the British colony in New Holland ( Australia ) in 1789 .
William Gandy ( died 1729 ) , was an English portrait - painter .
Harriet Whitney Frishmuth ( September 17 , 1880 , Philadelphia , Pennsylvania -- January 1980 , Waterbury , Connecticut ) was an American sculptor known for her works in bronze .
Imrich Barta ( 1925 in Šamorín -- 1999 in Bratislava ) , was a famous Slovak painter and architect of Greek ancestry .
Fritz Feigl ( 15 May 1891 -- 23 January 1971 ) was a Jewish Austrian - born chemist .
Sir Henry Kenyon Stephenson , 1st Baronet ( 16 August 1865 - 20 September 1947 ) was a British politician and businessperson .
Morris Goldseker ( December 24 , 1898 - June 1973 ) was a real estate business tycoon , broker , and philanthropist .
Alfred Zachariewicz ( 26 August 1871 -- 11 July 1937 ) , was a Polish architect .
Henrik Rohmann ( 4 August 1910 , Bátaapáti -- 13 October 1978 , Budapest ) was a Hungarian harpist and harp teacher .
Charles Kynard ( 20 February 1933 - -8 July 1979 ) was an American soul jazz / acid jazz organist born in St. Louis , Missouri .
François Beaulieu II was a chief of the Yellowknife tribe ( 1771 -- November 1872 ) .
Lieven Cruyl , or Lievin Cruyl ( name variations : Levin Cruijl , Lievin Cruijl , Levin Cruyl , Livinus Cruylius , Cruylius Livinus ) ( 1634 , Ghent -- before 1720 , Ghent ) was a Flemish priest , architect , designer and engraver .
George Brodrick , 3rd Viscount Midleton ( 3 October 1730 -- 22 August 1765 ) was a British nobleman .
Lal Waterson ( 15 February 1943 -- 4 September 1998 ) was an English folksinger and songwriter .
Bent Holtsmark ( 1823 - -1903 ) was a Norwegian agriculturalist and politician .
David de Caires ( 31 December 1937 -- 1 November 2008 ) was a Guyanese solicitor .
Richard Herron ( 1890 -- 1917 ) was an English footballer who played for Stoke .
Geoffrey Kerr ( 26 January 1895 -- 1 July 1971 ) was a British stage and film actor and writer , during the middle of the 20th century , part of a British family with a strong stage and theatre tradition spanning several generations .
Dame Penelope Jessel ( 2 January 1920 - -2 December 1996 ) , DBE was a British Liberal Party politician .
Cormac Cruinn Ó Máille ( died 1384 ) was an Irish noble .
Janusz Aleksander Sanguszko ( 5 May 1712 , Lubartów -- 14 September 1775 , Dubno ) was a magnate in the Polish - Lithuanian Commonwealth .
John Phillip Boehm ( 1683 - -1749 ) was a school teacher and an early leader in the German Reformed Church ( now the Reformed Church in the United States )
Georg Nees ( 23 June 1926 -- 3 January 2016 ) was a German academic who was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics .
Arthur Minasy ( 1925 -- 9 May 1994 ) was an American inventor .
Žarko Mihajlović ( 4 March 1920 -- 16 September 1986 ) was a Yugoslav football coach who managed BSK Beograd , FK Crvena Zvezda , OFK Beograd , PAOK , Fenerbahçe , Ethnikos Piraeus , Apollon Kalamarias , Doxa Dramas , Karşıyaka , Qadsia SC , and the Turkey national football team .
Henry Scott Riddell ( 23 September 1798 -- 1870 ) was a Scottish poet and songwriter .
Mary Rose Tully MPH IBCLC ( 29 July 1946 -- 20 January 2010 ) was an American lactation consultant , director of the Department of Lactation Services at the University of North Carolina 's Women 's Hospital , and an adjunct clinical instructor of pediatrics at the University of North Carolina 's School of Medicine .
Charlotte Sophia Burne ( Shropshire , 1850 - -1923 ) was an English author and editor , and the first woman to become president of the Folklore Society .
Peter Herman Adler ( 2 December 1899 , Gablonz an der Neiße , Bohemia -- 2 October 1990 , Ridgefield , Connecticut ) was an American conductor born in Austria--
Åke Gerhard ( Utansjö , Ångermanland , 26 March 1921 - 20 August 2009 ) was a Swedish songwriter .
Nito Alves ( 1945 - -1977 ) was an Angolan politician who served as the Interior Minister of Angola from independence , on November 11 , 1975 , until President Agostinho Neto abolished the position in October 1976 .
Reşit Galip ( Rhodes , 1893 -- Ankara , 5 March 1934 ) was a Turkish politician in the early years of the Turkish Republic .
Tim Griek ( Haarlem , 1944 -- Ursem , 13 February 1988 ) was a Dutch musician and producer .
Logan Hay ( died 1942 ) was a prominent Illinois lawyer .
Nicholas Hayman ( died 1606 ) , of Totnes ; later of Dartmouth , Devon , was an English merchant and politician .
Esme Melville ( born Esme Grace Mount - Melville , 23 July 1918 -- 14 September 2006 ) was an Australian theatre , television and film actress .
Baldassare Aloisi , or Baldassare Galanino ( 12 October 1578 - -1638 ) , was an Italian history and portrait painter and engraver .
Zoltán Rónai ( 16 August 1880 - 17 May 1940 ) was a Hungarian politician and jurist , who served as People 's Commissar of Justice in 1919 during the Hungarian Soviet Republic .
Władysław Szuszkiewicz ( 12 November 1938 in Wilno -- 14 November 2007 ) was a Polish sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s .
Adam Lux ( 27 December 1765 -- 4 November 1793 ) was a German revolutionary and sympathiser of the French Revolution .
Bartolomeo Gosio ( 17 March 1863 - 13 April 1944 ) was an Italian medical scientist .
Rosendo Ruiz Suárez ( 1 March 1885 -- 1 January 1983 ) was a Cuban singer , guitarist and composer , considered one of the founders of the trova .
Cathleen Nesbitt , CBE ( 24 November 1888 -- 2 August 1982 ) was a British actress of stage , film and television .
Veene Sheshanna ( Kannada : ವೀಣೆ ಶೇಷಣ್ಣ ) ( 1852 - 1926 ) was an exponent of the Veena , an Indian string instrument , which he played in the classical Carnatic music style .
Alexander Griggs ( 1838 - -1903 ) was an American steamboat captain .
John Ashburnham , 1st Baron Ashburnham ( 15 January 1656 -- 21 January 1710 ) was an English landowner and politician .
Robert Murray Keith ( died 1774 ) was a British diplomat .
Rev. William Ralph Churton , D.D. ( 1837 - -1897 ) was an Anglican churchman and author .
Gladys Thayer ( also known as Gladys Thayer Reasoner ) ( 1886 - 1945 ) was an American painter and teacher .
Filipe de Magalhães ( ca . 1571 - -1652 ) was a Portuguese composer of sacred polyphony .
Kenneth Higgins ( 26 December 1919 - 22 January 2008 ) was a British cinematographer who worked on both television and film .
Martin Travers ( born Howard Martin Otho Travers , in Margate , Kent on 19 February 1886 -- died in London on 25 July 1948 ) was an English church artist and designer .
Ma Qianling ( 1824－1909 ) was a Chinese Muslim General who defected to the Qing Dynasty in 1872 during the Dungan revolt along with his superior General Ma Zhanao and General Ma Haiyan .
Richard Leech ( 24 November 1922 -- 24 March 2004 ) , born Richard Leeper McClelland , was an Irish actor .
George Williams Fulcher ( 1795 - -1855 ) , was an English poet and miscellaneous writer .
Albert Henry Ross ( 1881 -- 14 September 1950 ) , ( pseudonym Frank Morison ) , was an English advertising agent and freelance writer .
Reginald Edward Enthoven CIE ( 1869 - -1952 ) was an administrator in the Indian Civil Service of the British Raj and an author of publications related to India , including the three volumes entitled The Tribes and Castes of Bombay that formed a part of the Ethnographic Survey of India .
Mary Borden ( 1886 - -1968 ) was an early 20th - century , Anglo - American novelist .
Sophia Dobson Collet ( 1 February 1822 -- 27 March 1894 ) was a 19th - century English feminist freethinker .
Sir Donald Neil MacCormick , QC , FBA , FRSE ( 27 May 1941 -- 5 April 2009 ) , was a Scottish legal philosopher and politician .
Médard Tytgat ( 1871 - -1948 ) was a Belgian painter , lithographer , book illustrator and poster artist known for portraits , nudes , and landscapes .
Arai Osui ( 新井奥邃 ) ( 1846 - -1922 ) was a prominent Japanese disciple of the 19th century cult leader , Thomas Lake Harris .
Leonard Frank Meares ( 13 February 1921 -- 4 February 1993 ) was an Australian writer of western fiction .
Anna Maria Rüttimann - Meyer von Schauensee ( 6 October 1772 in Luzern -- 19 August 1856 ) was a politically influential Swiss salonist during the Helvetian Republic .
Pablo Pontons ( 1606 - -1670 ) was a Spanish painter of the Baroque period .
Judson Worthington Hastings , born on June 13 , 1853 in Suffield , Connecticut and died in 1923 , was a physician and public official .
Daniel Soreau ( c.1560 -- 28 March 1619 ) was a German Baroque still life painter .
Don Lane ( 13 November 1933 -- 22 October 2009 ) , born as Morton Donald Isaacson , was a Gold Logie winning American - born talk show host and singer .
Charles Émile Egli ( known as Carlègle ; 30 March 1877 - 11 January 1937 ) was a Swiss - born illustrator and painter who spent most of his life in Paris .
Paul Gundani ( 1967 -- 3 November 2015 ) was a Zimbabwean professional football player .
John Dollard ( 29 August 1900 -- 8 October 1980 ) was an American psychologist and social scientist best known for his studies on race relations in America and the frustration - aggression hypothesis he proposed with Neal E. Miller and others .
Stephen G. Haines ( 1945 - -2012 ) was an American organizational theorist , management consultant , author of books on management and systems thinking .
Bill McGuffie ( 11 December 1927 -- 22 March 1987 ) was a pianist who went on to become a film composer and conductor .
Anne of Bavaria ( or of the Palatinate ; Czech : Anna Falcká ; 26 September 1329 -- 2 February 1353 ) was a queen consort of Bohemia .
Yaşar Doğu ( 1913 - 8 January 1961 ) , was a renowned Turkish World and Olympic champion sports wrestler in Greco - Roman and Freestyle .
William B. Snow ( San Francisco , 16 May 1903 - 5 October 1968 ) was a sound engineer .
Christophe Butkens ( 1590 - -1650 ) was a Cistercian abbot from Antwerp , historian and genealogist .
William L. Grout ( 1833 - -1908 ) was an U. S. industrialist and pioneer manufacturer of sewing machines and automobiles .
Helmuth von Pannwitz ( 14 October 1898 -- 16 January 1947 ) was a German general who distinguished himself as a cavalry officer during the First and the Second World Wars .
Daniel Silvan Evans ( 11 January 1818 -- 12 April 1903 ) was a Welsh scholar and lexicographer .
Roop Nath Singh Yadav died on 13 February 2001 at Allahabad , Uttar Pradesh at the age of 83 .
Dr. Joseph Stayman was born in 1817 and died in 1903 .
Gottfried Finger ( ca . 1655 - 6 -- buried 31 August 1730 ) , also Godfrey Finger , was a Moravian Baroque composer .
Luis MacGregor Cevallos ( 1887 - -1965 ) was a Mexican architect as well as an author of book on Colonial Mexican architecture .
Estefanía Ramírez ( died 1183 ) , daughter of Count Ramiro Fróilaz , was the wife of Count Ponce de Minerva .
R. Stanton Avery ( 13 January 1907 -- 12 December 1997 ) was an inventor , most known for creating self - adhesive labels ( modern stickers ) .
Ímar Ua Ruaidín , Bishop of Kilmacduagh , died 1176 .
Postumus the Younger would have been killed together with his father in 268 , during the rebellion of Laelianus ( called Lollianus in the Historia ) .
Gordon McKeag ( 1928 -- 29 September 2005 ) was an English solicitor and former chairman of Newcastle United .
Frederick E. Turnage ( 1936 - 2011 ) is the former mayor of Rocky Mount , North Carolina .
Daniel le Pelley , 12th Seigneur of Sark ( died 1752 ) was Seigneur of Sark from 1742 to 1752 .
Edward Rowe Mores , FSA ( /ˈmɒrɪs/ ; 24 January 1731 ( OS : 13 January 1730 ) -- 22 November 1778 ) was an English antiquarian and scholar , with works on history and typography .
James Pigott Pritchett ( 14 October 1789 -- 23 May 1868 ) was an architect of London and York whose practice stretched from Lincolnshire to the Scottish borders .
Leonard Clarke Webster ( 1870 - -26 September 1942 ) was a botanical collector in Australia .
George Szekeres AM ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈsɛkɛrɛʃ ) ; 29 May 1911 -- 28 August 2005 ) was a Hungarian--
Thomas Tufton , 6th Earl of Thanet , 18th Baron de Clifford PC ( 30 August 1644 -- 30 July 1729 ) was an English nobleman and politician .
Matthys Cock or Matthijs Wellens de Cock ( c. 1505 -- 1548 ) was a Flemish landscape painter and draughtsman .
Andreas Kneller ( variants : Kniller , Knöller , Knüller ) ( 23 April 1649 -- 24 August 1724 ) was a German composer and organist of the North German school .
Bruno Dallansky ( 19 September 1928 -- 5 August 2008 ) was an Austrian actor who was best known for his roles on television and stage .
Jerzy Adam Brandhuber ( 23 October 1897 -- 19 June 1981 ) was a Polish painter and a survivor of the Auschwitz concentration camp .
George Levis ( November 22 , 1894 -- October 1980 ) was an American college basketball player and coach during the 1910s and 1920s , respectively .
Ferdinand Tobias Richter ( 22 July 1651 -- 3 November 1711 ) was an Austrian Baroque composer and organist .
Doctor Pellegrino Matteucci ( 12 October 1850 -- 8 August 1881 ) was an Italian explorer known for his expeditions to Africa .
Nikos Tsiforos ( Greek : Νίκος Τσιφόρος ; 1912 -- 6 August 1970 ) was a Greek screenwriter and film director .
David Lindsay , 2nd Lord Lindsay of the Byres ( died 1490 ) was a Scottish lord of parliament and supporter of King James III of Scotland .
Timothy Armitage ( died 1655 ) , was in the year 1647 `` chosen pastor of the first independent ( or congregational ) church in the city of Norwich '' .
Arthur Holbrook Wellman ( October 30 , 1855 -- 1948 ) was a member of the Massachusetts General Court and a professor at Boston University School of Law .
Magdalen Dacre , Viscountess Montagu ( January 1538 -- 8 April 1608 ) was an English noblewoman .
Ephraim Douglass Adams ( December 18 , 1865 in Decorah , Iowa -- September 1 , 1930 in Stanford , California ) was an American educator and historian , regarded as an expert on the American Civil War and British - American relations .
William Robertson Coe II ( 28 November 1926 -- 23 November 2009 ) was an American academic , archaeologist and Mayanist scholar , renowned for his extensive field work and publications on pre - Columbian Maya civilization sites .
John G. Nichols ( 1812 -- 1898 ) was a businessman , builder , and politician .
Hugh May ( 1621 -- 21 February 1684 ) was an English architect in the period after the Restoration of King Charles II . He worked in the era which fell between the first introduction of Palladianism into England by Inigo Jones , and the full flowering of English Baroque under John Vanbrugh and Nicholas Hawksmoor .
Piotr Baryka ( 1600 - -1675 ) , was a seventeenth - century Polish soldier and writer , most probably of burgher origin , of whom very little is known .
Glenn Cannon ( 21 November 1932 - 20 April 2013 ) was a Hawaii - based actor and educator best known for his roles on Hawaii Five - O and Magnum , P.I. He also appeared on Lost in a pair of different roles .
Giuseppe Loretz ( Milan , 4 March 1860 -- Rubbiano , 15 January 1944 ) was an Italian cyclist .
Robbie Benoit ( ? --2007 ) was a Canadian poet and writer .
Robin Warwick Gibson OBE ( 3 May 1944 -- 9 August 2010 ) was a British gallery curator and art historian best known for his work at the National Portrait Gallery in London between 1968 and 2001 , including eight years as Chief Curator .
Sukumar Bose ( Bengali : সুকুমার বসু , Hindi : सुकुमार बोसे ) ( 12 May 1912 -- 10 November 1986 ) was a notable Indian artist based in Delhi who was trained in the tradition of the Bengal School under Asit Kumar Haldar .
Fred MacDonald ( 1895 - -1968 ) , was an Australian actor best known for playing Dave Rudd opposite Bert Bailey on stage and screen , starting with the original 1912 production of On Our Selection .
Sir Alan Herries Wilson ( 2 July 1906 -- 30 September 1995 ) , was a British mathematician and industrialist .
Jeff Mayo ( 7 October 1921 , London -- 17 April 1998 , Barnstaple ) was an English astrologer and astrology teacher / writer .
Rowland Plumbe , also known as Roland Plumbe ( 2 February 1838 , Whitechapel -- 2 April 1919 , Willesden ) , was an English architect , famous for being the author of many residential schemes across London , many being considered the first examples of the Victorian Garden City .
Sam Hanna Bell ( 1909 -- 1990 ) was a novelist , short story writer , playwright , and broadcaster who lived in Northern Ireland .
He Yizhen ( 1910 - 2008 ) was a physicist in China .
Liang Na ( Chinese : 梁妠 ; 116 - -150 ) , formally Empress Shunlie ( 順烈皇后 , literally `` the kind and achieving empress '' ) , was an empress during the Han Dynasty .
Mrs Anne Virginia Sharpe Patterson ( September 1841 , Delaware , Ohio -- 1913 ) was an American author , who also wrote under the pseudonym Garry Gaines .
Petrus Vulcanius otherwise Pieter De Smet ( born c. 1503 - -1571 ) was a humanist scholar and local government official of Bruges .
Sir William Randolph Douglas , KCMG , PC ( 24 September 1921 -- 12 August 2003 ) was a Chief Justice of Barbados ( 1965 - -1986 ) .
Neville Hamilton ( 19 April 1960 -- 9 February 2009 ) was an English footballer and coach .
Bayram Pasha ( died 26 August 1638 ) was an Ottoman grand vizier from 1637 to 1638 and the Ottoman governor of Egypt from 1626 to 1628 .
John Flaxman R.A. ( 6 July 1755 -- 7 December 1826 ) was a British sculptor and draughtsman , and a leading figure in British and European Neoclassicism .
Frank Wayman ( 30 December 1931 − 7 February 2008 ) was an English footballer .
Canon Roger Bradshaigh Lloyd ( 1901 - 1966 ) , was an influential Anglican priest and wide - ranging writer in the immediate context of the Second World War and the mid - twentieth century .
Carl Heinrich ( 1880 New York City -- 1955 ) was an American entomologist .
William Thomas Shave Daniel ( 1806 - -1891 ) was vice - chairman of the Incorporated Council of Law Reporting .
Ada Boni , née Giaquinto , ( 1881 -- 1973 ) was an Italian magazine editor , food writer and book author .
Gopal Mittal was 87 years old when he died in Delhi on 15 April 1993 .
Iztok Puc ( 14 September 1966 -- 20 October 2011 ) was a Slovenian handball player , who was one of the world 's top players of the 1980s and 1990s .
Samuel Alexander Stewart ( 1826 , Philadelphia -- 1910 ) was an American Irish botanist and geologist .
Major General Ronald Dare Wilson , CBE , MC ( 3 August 1919 - 15 August 2014 ) was a senior British Army officer , author , and park warden .
Padre Placido Puccinelli ( 1609 - -1685 ) was a Cassinese monk , historian and scholar .
Charles Mordaunt , 4th Earl of Peterborough , 2nd Earl of Monmouth ( 1708 -- 1 August 1779 ) was a British peer and Member of Parliament , styled Viscount Mordaunt from 1710 to 1735 .
Bajo Topulli ( 1868 - -1930 ) was an Albanian nationalist figure of the Albanian National Awakening .
Stan Moon ( 8 January 1927 -- 3 August 2012 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Collingwood in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Ibrahim Nooraddeen ( Dhivehi : ސުލްޠާން އިބްރާހީމް ނުރައްދީން ; died 1892 ) was the sultan of the Maldives first in 1882 to 1886 .
Raziya al - Din ( 1205 in Budaun -- October 13 , 1240 ) , throne name Jalâlat ud - Dîn Raziyâ , usually referred to in history as Razia Sultana , was the Sultan of Delhi in India from 1236 to May 1240 .
Adolf III of Schauenburg ( German : Adolf von Schaumburg ) ( 1511 - -1556 ) was the Archbishop - Elector of Cologne from 1547 to 1556 .
Sophie of Brandenburg ( 6 June 1568 -- 7 December 1622 ) was a Princess of Brandenburg and by marriage Electress of Saxony .
Count József Zichy de Zich et Vásonkeő ( 13 November 1841 -- 11 November 1924 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Agriculture , Industry and Trade between 1872 and 1874 and as Minister of Public Works and Transport from 1873 to 1875 .
Zoé - Laure de Chatillon , née Delaune ( 1826 -- 1908 ) was a French painter .
Fedor Dragojlov ( born in 1881- died 1961 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was a colonel - general in the Croatian Home Guard , as well as its chief - of - staff from 1943 to 1944 .
Martín Carrera Sabat ( 20 December 1806 -- 22 April 1871 ) was a Mexican general and interim president of the country for about a month in 1855 .
Angela Brazil ( pronounced `` brazzle '' ) ( 30 November 1868 -- 13 March 1947 ) was one of the first British writers of `` modern schoolgirls ' stories '' , written from the characters ' point of view and intended primarily as entertainment rather than moral instruction .
Ferenc Keresztes - Fischer ( 18 February 1881 -- 3 March 1948 ) was a lawyer and a Hungarian politician .
Mojżesz David Kirszbraun ( 1903 or 1904 - -1942 ) was a Polish mathematician , mostly known for the Kirszbraun theorem on extensions of Lipschitz maps .
He Zhiqiang ( Chinese : 和志强 ) ( 1934 - -2007 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Georg , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe ( 10 October 1846 -- 29 April 1911 ) was a ruler of the small Principality of Schaumburg - Lippe .
Adalbert Deșu ( Hungarian : Béla Dezső , Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈbeːlɒ ˈdɛʒøː ) ; 24 March 1909 -- 6 June 1937 ) was a Romanian football striker .
Askia Daoud ( also Askia Dawud ) was ruler of the Songhai Empire from 1549 to 1582 .
( Karl Albert ) Bertel Thorvaldsen ( Danish pronunciation : ( ˌbɛɐ̯dl̩ ˈtɔɐ̯vælˀsn̩ ) ; ca . 1770 -- 24 March 1844 ) was a Danish sculptor of international fame , who spent most of his life ( 1789 - -1838 ) in Italy .
Donald Forbes ( 1935 -- 12 April 2008 ) was a Scottish convicted murderer .
Eliza Davis Aria ( 1866 - -1931 ) was an English fashion writer and gossip columnist known as `` Mrs Aria '' .
Dr. Alfred Edgar Wigg ( 2 February 1857 -- 1 May 1914 ) was a prominent South Australian medical practitioner born in North Adelaide .
Catharinus Elling ( born 13 September 1858 in Kristiana , died 8 January 1942 in Oslo ) was a Norwegian music teacher , organist , folk music collector and composer .
Cecilia Costello ( née Kelly , 24 October 1884 - -20 April 1976 ) was an English traditional singer whose repertoire of folk songs was recorded by folk music scholars in the 1950s and 1960s .
Rabbi Shimon Gershon Rosenberg , ( שמעון גרשון רוזנברג ) ( 13 November 1949 - 11 June 2007 ) , known by the acronym הרב שג``ר HaRav Shagar , was a Torah scholar and a religious postmodern thinker .
Claire Dan AM OBE ( 1919 or 1920 -- 22 October 2012 ) was a Hungarian - Australian actress and philanthropist , best known for founding the Sydney International Piano Competition in 1977 .
Baby John ( 1917 -- 27 January 2008 ) was a senior leader of the Kerala Revolutionary Socialist Party ( Baby John ) .
Walter Lindley ( 1852 - -1922 ) was a medical doctor in Los Angeles , California , in the 19th and 20th centuries who was known for his charitable and civic works and for founding or overseeing the development of early medical and educational institutions in Southern California .
Ida G. Athens ( 23 February 1882 -- 4 November 1977 ) was the author of a collection of poetry titled Brethren .
William Heap Bailey ( 28 February 1847 -- 1 February 1926 ) was an amateur athlete who played for Scotland in the second unofficial football match against England in November 1870 .
Harvey Gibson ( 9 April 1886 -- 7 September 1940 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Max Gunther ( 1927 - -1998 ) was an Anglo - American journalist and writer .
Ellis Wright ( July 1873 − 1940 ) was an English footballer playing at the turn of the 19th century .
Mihkel Mathiesen ( 27 October 1918 -- 28 November 2003 ) was an Estonian statesman .
Constantin Stamati - Ciurea ( 4 May 1828 Chişinău -- 22 February 1898 ) was a Romanian writer and translator from Bessarabia .
Ahmed Abdalla Rozza ( 1 January 1950 - -6 June 2006 ) was an Egyptian political scientist and political activist .
Jeanne - Marie Ruth - Rolland ( née Rolland ) ( 17 June 1937 -- 4 June 1995 ) was a Central African politician , social worker and teacher .
Nikolai Pavlovich ( Bulgarian : Николай Павлович ; 9 December 1835 , Svishtov -- 13 February 1894 , Sofia ) was a Bulgarian Nationalist painter , lithographer and illustrator .
Frank Baumgartl ( 29 May 1955 -- 26 August 2010 ) was an East German track and field athlete , who specialized in the 3000 meters steeplechase .
Hilde Spiel ( 19 October 1911 -- 30 November 1990 ) ( pseudonyms : Grace Hanshaw and Jean Lenoir ) was an Austrian writer and journalist who received numerous awards and honours .
Manuel Palafox ( born Puebla , 1886 - -1959 ) was a Mexican politician , soldier and intellectual .
Thomas Dacre , 6th Baron Dacre of Gilsland ( 27 October 1387 -- 5 January 1458 ) , was born at Naworth Castle , Cumberland , on 27 October 1387 , the son of William Dacre , 5th Baron Dacre of Gilsland , by Joan Douglas , the illegitimate daughter of Sir William Douglas , 1st Earl of Douglas .
Duncan McNeill , 1st Baron Colonsay FRSE ( 20 August 1793 -- 31 January 1874 ) was a Scottish advocate , judge and Tory politician .
Liu Ruming , Liu Ju - ming , 刘汝明 , ( 1895 - -1975 ) Chinese general during the Warlord Era , Second Sino - Japanese War and Chinese Civil War .
Giacomo Albertolli ( 1761 -- June 6 , 1805 ) was a Swiss - born architect who was active in Italy during the Neoclassical period .
Margareta Stafhell , also called Staffhell , Stafell and Staffhell - Åkerman , ( 1720 - 1762 ) , was a Swedish Chalcography artist .
Victor Mees ( 26 January 1927 -- 11 November 2012 ) , nicknamed Vic or Vicky , was a Belgian footballer who played all of his career at Royal Antwerp .
James Scott Skinner ( 5 August 1843 -- 17 March 1927 ) was a Scottish dancing master , violinist , fiddler , and composer .
Prof . Dr. Walter Schleger ( 19 September 1929 -- 3 December 1999 ) was an Austrian football player .
Egil Oddvar Larsen ( 23 September 1923 - 17 October 2009 ) was Norwegian politician for the Labour Party .
Thomas Cromwell Corner ( 1865 - -1938 ) was a noted portrait artist from Baltimore , Maryland , USA and founding member of the Baltimore Museum of Art .
Prince Jerzy Zbaraski ( Polish : Jerzy Zbaraski , Ukrainian : Юрій Збаразький , b. 1574 , d. 12 July 1631 in Kraków ) was a Polish--
Denis Dunlop ( 1892 - 1959 ) was a sculptor working throughout England during the first half of the 20th century .
Hercules Linton ( 1 January 1837 - 15 May 1900 ) was a Scottish surveyor , designer , shipbuilder , antiquarian and local councillor , best known as the designer of the Cutty Sark and partner in the yard of Scott and Linton which built her .
John P. Cohalan ( March 17 , 1873 Brooklyn , Kings County , New York -- 1950 ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Charles Theodore Barclay ( 17 July 1867 -- 30 March 1921 ) was an English rower who won the Silver Goblets at Henley Royal Regatta .
Tom Mulligan ( 1977 - 27 August 2007 ) is a former Gaelic footballer for Dublin .
Anthony Lancelot Dias , also known as A. L. Dias ( 13 March 1910 -- 22 September 2002 ) , was an Indian Civil Service officer from the Maharashtra cadre .
Francisco António de Araújo e Azevedo ( 21 December 1772 ; Angra - 4 April 1821 ) was a Portuguese military officer and colonial administrator .
Heinrich von Plötzke ( c. 1264 in Płock , Masovia , Poland -- 27 July 1320 in Medininkai , Lithuania ) was an officer of the Teutonic Order during the late 13th and early 14th centuries .
Johann Baptist Pflug ( 13 February 1785 , Biberach an der Riß - 30 May 1866 , Biberach an der Riß ) was a German genre painter .
Yvan Delporte ( 24 June 1928 -- 5 March 2007 ) was a Belgian comics writer , and was editor - in - chief of Spirou magazine between 1955 and 1968 during a period considered by many the golden age of Franco - Belgian comics .
Rolland Fairley ( 7 December 1904 -- 10 June 1930 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
John William Weidemeyer ( b. in Fredericksburg , Virginia , 26 April 1819 ; d. 1896 ) was an author and entomologist .
Aodh Buidhe Mac an Bhaird , O.F.M. ( aka Aedh Buidh Mac an Bhaird or Hugh Ward ; c.1593 -- 8 November 1635 ) , was an Irish Franciscan friar who was a noted poet , historian and hagiographer .
Major - General Sir Henry Wheatley , 1st Baronet CB , GCH ( 1777 -- 21 March 1852 ) , was the Keeper of the Privy Purse for King William the Fourth and Queen Victoria from 1830 to 1846 .
Julius Tannen ( 16 May 1880 -- 3 January 1965 ) was a comedian -- or monologist , as those of his era were known -- who had a long and successful career in vaudeville .
Johannes of Jerusalem ( 1042 - -1119 ) , born Jehan de Vezelay , was the abbot of the monastery at Vézelay , France .
The Venerable Canon Brough Maltby ( 29 September 1826 -- 30 March 1894 ) was Archdeacon of Nottingham .
Richard Bullock Andrews ( 11 May 1823 -- 26 June 1884 ) , commonly referred to as `` Mr. Justice Andrews '' , was an Australian politician and judge .
Charles Vacher ( 1818 - -1883 ) was a British painter in watercolours .
Chester Williams Rice ( December 16 , 1888 -- 1951 ) was an electrical engineer , who was the joint inventor in 1925 of the moving coil loudspeaker along with Edward W. Kellogg .
Gabriel Acquin ( c. 1811 -- 2 October 1901 ) was known by a variety of names ;
Ernest Hinton ( 16 March 1946 -- 18 November 1999 ) was a British civil engineer and engineering professor .
Aubrey Brabazon ( 7 January 1920 - 30 September , 1996 ) was a horse racing jockey born in The Curragh , Ireland .
Cornelius Berenberg ( 1634 -- 1711 ) was a Hamburg grand burgher , merchant banker , a member of the Berenberg family , and owner of Berenberg Bank .
Vito D'Anna ( 14 October 1718 -- 13 October 1769 ) was an Italian painter , considered the most prominent painter of Palermitan rococo and one of the most important artists of Sicily .
Harold de Andrado ( 30 December 1927 -- 5 November 2004 ) was a Sri Lankan cricket writer and journalist .
Dirk Willem van Krevelen ( 8 November 1914 , Rotterdam -- 27 October 2001 , Arnhem ) was a prominent Dutch chemical engineer , coal and polymer scientist .
Thomas Darcy , 1st Earl Rivers ( c.1565 - 25 February 1640 ) was an English peer and courtier .
K. N. Ezhuthachan ( 21 May 1911 -- 28 October 1981 ) was an Indian writer and scholar of Malayalam literature .
Billie Ritchie ( 14 September 1878 -- 6 July 1921 ) was a Scottish comedian who first gained transatlantic fame as a performer for British music hall producer Fred Karno -- this , a full decade before Stan Laurel and Charlie Chaplin took a similar career path .
Walter Blandford ( 1616 in Melbury Abbas , Dorset , England -- 1675 ) was an English academic and bishop .
Edward Ward , 9th Baron Dudley and 4th Baron Ward ( 16 June 1704 -- 6 September 1731 ) was the only son of Edward Ward , 8th Baron Dudley and 3rd Baron Ward and his wife Diana daughter and heiress of Thomas Howard of Ashtead , Surrey .
Marian Bowley ( 1911 - -2002 ) was an economist and historian of economic thought .
Josef Kuchynka ( 4 August 1894 -- 9 January 1979 ) was a Czechoslovak football manager and former player of German ethnicity .
Hippocrates of Chios ( Greek : Ἱπποκράτης ὁ Χῖος ) was an ancient Greek mathematician , geometer , and astronomer , who lived c. 470 -- c. 410 BCE .
Murakuni Oyori ( 村国男依 ) ( died 676 ) was a military commander of ancient Japan , who fought in the Jinshin War as a servant of Prince Ō - ama .
Peter Woulfe ( 1727 -- 1803 ) was an Irish chemist and mineralogist .
Natalia Tułasiewicz ( 9 April 1906 -- 31 March 1945 ) was a teacher in Poznań , Poland and a leader in the Catholic lay apostolate .
John Scougal ( 1645 - -1730 ) was a Scottish painter .
Birger Ekstedt , ( 1921 - 1972 ) , was a Swedish politician ( Christian democrat ) and a priest .
Hans Haslum ( 8 November 1789 -- 5 July 1875 ) was a Norwegian farmer and elected official .
Syed Hammad Raza Shaheed ( 9 January 1970 -- 14 May 2007 ) , Additional Registrar , Supreme Court of Pakistan , was a civil servant belonging to the elite District Management Group of Central Superior Services of Pakistan .
John Renbourn ( 8 August 1944 -- 26 March 2015 ) was an English guitarist and songwriter .
Paul of Samosata ( lived from 200 to 275 AD ) was Bishop of Antioch from 260 to 268 .
Anne d'Escars de Givry ( 29 March 1546 -- 19 April 1612 ) was a French Benedictine churchman , supporter of the Ligue , and Cardinal .
Phil Furlong ( 18 February 1893 -- 27 November 1930 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Joseph Alcide Simard ( 25 October 1907 -- 21 December 1984 ) was a Ralliement créditiste member of the Canadian House of Commons .
Hoàng Tích Chù ( Từ Sơn ; 1912 in Bắc Ninh -- 20 October 2003 ) was a Vietnamese painter .
Muirgus mac Domnaill ( died 985 ) was 35th King of Uí Maine .
Thorleif Haug ( 28 September 1894 -- 12 December 1934 ) was a Norwegian skier who competed in nordic combined and cross - country .
Robert William Rankin ( 3 June 1907 -- 4 March 1942 ) was a Royal Australian Navy officer who was killed in action during the Second World War .
Saint Juvenal of Benevento ( died 132 AD ) is a 2nd - century saint honored in Narni , Italy .
Jonas Virakas ( 5 September 1905 -- 30 April 1988 ) was born in the town of Seredžius in the Kaunas district .
Thomas Grey , 2nd Earl of Stamford PC ( c. 1654 -- 31 January 1720 ) was a British peer and politician .
Baron Sándor Hatvany - Deutsch ( 1852 , Arad - 1913 , Budapest ) was a leading Hungarian industrialist and art patron .
Jordan Óge de Exeter ( fl . 1269 - -1319 ) was an Anglo - Irish knight and Sheriff of Connacht .
Cliff Bruner ( né Clifton Lafayette Bruner ; 25 April 1915 -- 25 August 2000 ) was a fiddler and bandleader of the Western Swing era of the 1930s .
Eino Viljami Panula ( 10 March 1911 -- 15 April 1912 ) was a young Finnish boy who died during the sinking of the RMS Titanic .
El - Hadji Malick Sy ( Fula : Allaaji Maalig Si , 1855 - -1922 ) was a Senegalese religious leader and teacher in the Tijaniyya Sufi malikite and ash'arite brotherhood .
Rupert I of Legnica ( Polish : Ruprecht I Legnicki ) ( 27 March 1347 -- by 12 January 1409 ) was a Duke of Legnica since 1364 until his death , and also regent over half of the Duchy of Głogów - Żagań during 1397 - -1401 .
Catherine Seaton Skirving ( Ewart ) , ( 10 March 1818 -- 7 May 1897 ) , was a noted Canadian philanthropist and volunteer .
Ernest Ewart Unwin ( 13 July 1881 -- 20 September 1944 ) was an Australian Quaker educationist .
Raj Rajeshwari Devi ( died 5 May 1806 ) , was a Queen consort and twice regent of Nepal .
David Douglas , 7th Earl of Angus ( c. 1515 - 1558 ) was a Scottish nobleman .
James Gerrard Lennon ( 1907 - -February 1976 ) , known as Gerry Lennon , was a solicitor and Irish nationalist politician .
Sir William O'Brien Lindsay KBE ( 8 October 1909 -- 20 October 1975 ) was the Chief Justice of the Sudan from 1954 to 1955 , during the period when it was administered as an Anglo - Egyptian condominium .
Mohammed al - Rudani ( Abu Abdallah Muhammad ibn Sulayman ( Muhammad ) al - Fasi ibn Tahir al - Rudani al - Susī al - Maliki al - Maghribi ) ( born ca . 1627 , died 1683 ) was an astronomer born in Taroudannt , Morocco .
Colonel Richard Meinertzhagen , CBE , DSO ( 3 March 1878 -- 17 June 1967 ) was a British soldier , intelligence officer and ornithologist .
Jon Tvedt ( 29 June 1966 -- 11 January 2009 ) was a Norwegian orienteering competitor and athlete who specialized in mountain running .
Bert Lithgow ( 19 March 1881 -- 22 April 1951 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Carlton in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hymie Jacobson , also known as Hy Jacobson ( 1895 - -1952 ) , was an American Jewish actor and composer in Yiddish vaudeville , films and theater .
Sydney Sipho Sepamla ( 1932 - 9 January 2007 ) was a contemporary South African poet and novelist .
Datu Magat Salamat ( 1550 - -1595 ) was one of the four sons of Lakan Dula .
William Macarmick ( baptised 15 September 1742 -- 20 August 1815 ) was Lieutenant - Governor of Cape Breton and a MP .
Philip Mackie ( 26 November 1918 -- 23 December 1985 ) was a British film and television screenwriter .
Falcon Stuart ( 27 March 1941 -- 27 February 2002 ) was a British photographer , retailer , filmmaker , and music producer associated with X - Ray Spex , Adam and the Ants , and Danielle Dax amongst others .
Niels Andreas Vibe ( 2 July 1759 -- 9 September 1814 ) was a Norwegian military officer and civil and royal servant .
Jacques - Nicolas Tardieu , called `` Tardieu fils '' or `` Tardieu the younger '' , ( 2 September 1716 -- 9 July 1791 ) was a French engraver .
Marcus Peducaeus Plautius Quintillus ( d. 205 ) was a two - time consul of the Roman Empire , in 177 with the future emperor Commodus as his colleague , and once again with Commodus at an unknown date .
Peter Liechti ( January 8 , 1951 -- 4 April 2014 ) was a Swiss movie director .
William Corden the Elder ( 21 January 1795 -- 18 June 1867 ) was an English portrait painter and miniaturist known for his commissions from the Royal Family in the mid nineteenth century .
Rachel Katznelson - Shazar ( Hebrew : רחל כצנלסון - שזר‎ ) , also known as Rachel Shazar , ( born 24 October 1885 , died 11 August 1975 ) was an active figure in the Zionist movement .
Erik Krag ( 13 January 1902 -- 13 May 1987 ) was a Norwegian literary historian , translator , novelist and playwright .
S.M. Banerjee ( 31 August 1919 - 26 December 1987 ) was a former Indian politician .
Sir William Young , 2nd Baronet , FRS , FSA ( December 1749 -- 10 January 1815 ) was a British colonial governor , politician and sugar plantation owner .
Stanisław Dobosiewicz ( 1910 - -2007 ) was a Polish writer and school teacher .
Antonios Kalamogdartis ( Greek : Αντώνιος Καλαμογδάρτης , 1810 - -1856 ) was a Greek revolutionary leader and a politician which he was elected many times .
Luis de Torres ( died 1493 ) , perhaps born as יוסף בן לוי העברי , Yosef ben Levi Ha - Ivri , ( `` Joseph , Son of Levi , the Hebrew '' ) was Christopher Columbus 's interpreter on his first voyage and the first person of Jewish origin to settle in America .
Vladimír Čech ( born 6 July 1951 -- 22 March 2013 ) was a Czech actor , presenter and former politician .
Sheikh Ubeydullah ( died 1883 ) ( Kurdish : Şêx Ubeydullayê Nehrî , شێخ وبه‌يدوڵاي نهری ) , also known as Sayyid Ubeydullah , was the leader of the first modern Kurdish nationalist struggle .
Thomas Bataill ( died ca . 1396 ) , of Otes in High Laver and Matching , Essex .
Donald Obeyesekere ( 1888 - -1964 ) was a prominent colonial era legislator from Ceylon .
William Anthony Furness , 2nd Viscount Furness ( 31 March 1929 -- 1 May 1995 ) was a British peer .
Sarah St. John ( December 1669 -- April 1755 ) was an English clergyman 's wife who owned , and maintained over many years , a manuscript recipe book .
Surya Prasad Upadhyaya ( 14 September 1907 - 15 July 2014 ) , a Nepalese politician .
William Ramsay Hutchison ( died 22 March 1918 ) was a Scottish rugby union player .
Jacques - Louis Soret ( 30 June 1827 -- 13 May 1890 ) was a Swiss chemist who in 1878 , along with Marc Delafontaine , first observed holmium spectroscopically .
Ras Prince Monolulu ( 26 October 1881 -- 14 February 1965 ) , whose real name was Peter Carl Mackay ( or McKay ) , was a horse - racing tipster , and something of an institution on the British racing scene from the 1920s until the time of his death .
Count Fyodor Ivanovich Tolstoy ( Russian : Фёдор Ива́нович Толсто́й ) , also known as the `` American '' ( Американец ) ( 17 February 1782 -- 5 November 1846 ) was a Russian nobleman from the well - known Tolstoy family .
Jorge Lankenau Rocha ( 16 April 1944 -- 16 June 2012 ) was a Mexican banker and businessman who was arrested in 1997 on fraud and tax evasion charges for shifting $ 179 million to the Cayman Islands and Paraguay and served eight years in prison .
Joseph - Octave Villeneuve ( 4 March 1836 -- 27 June 1901 ) was a Canadian businessman , provincial politician , and senator .
Carl August Adlersparre ( 7 June 1810 Kristinehamn Municipality , Värmland - 5 May 1862 Stockholm ) was a Swedish count ( 1835 ) , chamberlain ( 1838 ) , poet , novelist and historian .
Napoleone Nani ( Venice 1841- Verona , 1899 ) was an Italian painter , active in Venice , where he became professor of the Accademia di Belle Arti .
Solomon Winter , Hungarian philanthropist ; born in the county of Zips , Hungary , in 1778 ; died at Hunsdorf , in the same county , February 24 , 1859 , after laboring for sixty years for the advancement of the Jewish race in his locality .
Li Baiyao ( simplified Chinese : 李百药 ; traditional Chinese : 李百藥 ) ( 564 - -647 ) , courtesy name Zhonggui ( 重規 ) , formally Viscount Kang of Anping ( 安平康子 ) , was a Chinese historian and an official during the Chinese dynasties Sui Dynasty and Tang Dynasty .
Finghin MacCarthy Reagh ( Irish : Fínghin Mac Carthaigh Riabhach ) was the 8th Prince of Carbery from 1477 to his death in 1505 .
Lucas Moreira Neves O.P. ( 16 September 1925 -- 8 September 2002 ) was a Brazilian Cardinal Bishop and Prefect of the Congregation for Bishops .
Mojola Agbebi ( 1860 - -1917 ) was a Nigerian Yoruba Baptist minister .
James Orrock RI ( 1829 -- 10 May 1913 ) , was a prominent Scottish collector of art and oriental ceramics , illustrator and landscape watercolourist .
Oddvar Berrefjord ( born 20 March 1918 in Vardø , died 25 November 1999 ) was a Norwegian jurist and politician for the Labour Party .
Jozef Božetech Klemens ( 8 March 1817 in Liptovský Mikuláš -- 17 January 1883 in Vienna ) was a Slovakian portrait painter , sculptor , photographer , inventor and naturalist .
Jacob Holm ( 29 September 1770 -- 3 August 1845 ) was a Danish industrialist , ship owner and merchant .
Ian Roger Vanderfield AO OBE ( 1928 -- 25 September 2008 ) was an Australian doctor , and a rugby union referee and administrator .
Daniel Waggoner ( 1828 - 1902 ) was an early American settler and rancher in Texas .
Paul Augustin Mayer , OSB ( 23 May 1911 -- 30 April 2010 ) was a German Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Jennett Humphreys ( 1829/30 - -1917 ) was an English author , poet , and contributor to major reference works .
Sophie de Choiseul - Gouffier ( Lithuanian : Sofija Tyzenhauzaitė de Šuazel - Gufjė ; 1790 -- 28 May 1878 ) was a Lithuanian novelist .
John Smith alias Dyer ( 1498/1499 - 1571 ) , of Ipswich , Suffolk , was an English politician .
Adrian Henri ( 10 April 1932 -- 20 December 2000 ) was a British poet and painter best remembered as the founder of poetry - rock group the Liverpool Scene and as one of three poets in the best - selling anthology The Mersey Sound , along with Brian Patten and Roger McGough .
John Sargeaunt ( 1857 - -1922 ) was a noted classical scholar and schoolmaster of whom The Times wrote : `` he will be long remembered for his profound scholarship and his genius as a teacher '' .
Sir William Sterndale Bennett ( 13 April 1816 -- 1 February 1875 ) was an English composer , pianist , conductor and music educator .
Gabriel Nicolas de la Reynie ( 1625 -- 14 June 1709 ) is considered to be the founder of the first modern police force .
Martha Foley ( 1897 - -1977 ) cofounded Story magazine in 1931 with her husband Whit Burnett .
Kristian Friis Petersen ( 17 September 1867 -- 5 April 1932 ) was the Norwegian Minister of Social Affairs 1914 - 1916 and Minister of Trade 1916 - 1919 .
Cormac Ó Comáin ( aka Cormac Dall , Blind Cormac , Cormac Common ) , Irish seanchai , May 1703 -- 1813 .
Ferchar mac Connaid was king of Dál Riata ( in modern Scotland ) from about 642 until 650 .
Les Eyre ( 7 January 1922 -- 19 November 1991 ) was a footballer who was born in Ilkeston , Derbyshire , England and played for Norwich City .
Karl Gurakuqi ( 1895 - 1971 ) was an Albanian linguist and folklorist .
Thomas Graham Balfour ( 18 March 1813 -- 17 January 1891 ) was a Scottish physician noted for his work with medical statistics , and a member of Florence Nightingale 's inner circle .
Gaspard Jean - Baptiste Brunet ( 14 June 1734 -- 15 November 1793 ) commanded the French Army of Italy during the French Revolutionary Wars and was executed during the Reign of Terror .
Kittur Chennamma ( 23 October 1778 -- 21 February 1829 ) was the Queen of Kittur , a princely state in South India .
Luigi Villari ( 1876 - -1959 ) was an Italian historian , traveler and diplomat .
Maria Erhart , née Kirner ( 1944 -- 2 September 2011 ) , was an Austrian international bridge player , who had the rare distinction of playing for her country 's Open team as well as for the Women 's team .
Octavius Eaden ( born 15 December 1808 at Cambridge ; died 1832 at Cambridge ) was an English cricketer who was associated with Cambridge Town Club and made his first - class debut in 1827 .
Cornelia Toppen , known as Keet Zwenke , ( 1730 , Beekbergen - 6 March 1800 , Rotterdam ) , was a Dutch Orangist and the instigator of the 1784 riots of Rotterdam .
Guy Wharton ( 5 December 1916 , Darfield , England -- 1990 ) was a professional footballer who played as a wing half .
Tiloukaikt ( also Tilokaikt or Teelonkike ) ( unknown - 1850 ) was a Native American leader of the Cayuse tribe in the northwestern United States .
Herbert Marvin Ohlman ( 1927 - -2002 ) is the inventor of permutation indexing , or Permuterm and is one of the pioneers of Information Science and Technology .
Yves Blais ( June 5 , 1931 -- November 22 , 1998 ) was a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Hugh Macdonald Sinclair , FRCP ( 4 February 1910 -- 22 June 1990 ) was a doctor , medical researcher , and expert in human nutrition .
Clifford McLaglen ( 15 June 1892 -- 9 September 1978 ) was a Stepney , London - born British film actor .
John Fortune ( born John C. Wood ; 30 June 1939 -- 31 December 2013 ) was an English satirist , comedian , writer , and actor , best known for his work with John Bird and Rory Bremner on the TV series Bremner , Bird and Fortune .
Henry C. Pearson ( October 8 , 1914 -- December 3 , 2006 ) was an American abstract and modernist painter .
Arthur Roy Clapham , CBE FRS ( 24 May 1904 -- 18 December 1990 ) , was a British botanist .
John Ponet ( c. 1514 -- August 1556 ) , sometimes spelled John Poynet , was an English Protestant churchman and controversial writer , the Bishop of Winchester and Marian exile .
Adib Masud Hassan Rizvi ( 1893 - 1975 ) was an Indian author and a scholar of Urdu literature .
Konstantinos Kollias ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Κόλλιας ) ( 1901 -- 13 July 1998 ) was a former Greek Attorney General who was proclaimed Prime Minister by the Greek military junta of 1967 - -74 that overthrew Panagiotis Kanellopoulos ' government on 21 April 1967 .
Edgar Kendall Taylor CBE , FRCM , Hon FRAM ( 27 July 1905 -- 5 December 1999 ) was a British pianist , who had an international career as a solo concert pianist .
Elizabeth Greenleaf Pattee ( 1893 - -1991 ) was an American architect , landscape architect , and architecture professor in the Northeast whose career spanned a half century .
Suitbert Bäumer ( 28 March 1845 -- 12 August 1894 ) was a Benedictine monk and historian of the Breviary and one of the most scholarly patrologists of the nineteenth century .
John Rhea Barton ( April 1794 , Lancaster , Pennsylvania -- 1 January 1871 , Philadelphia ) was an American orthopedic surgeon remembered for describing Barton 's fracture .
Tang Caichang ( Chinese : 唐才常 ; pinyin : Táng Cáicháng ; 1867 -- 22 August 1900 ) was a late Qing reformer and political activist .
Rosalie Loveling ( 20 March 1834 -- 4 May 1875 ) was a Flemish author of poetry , novels and essays .
Elisha Johnson ( 1785 - -1866 ) was an engineer and early resident of Rochester , New York .
Sir Lewis Bellenden of Auchnole and Broughton , Knt . , ( c. 1552 - 27 August 1591 , Edinburgh ) , knighted about 1577 , was the eldest son of his father Sir John Bellenden of Auchnole & Broughton , whom he succeeded as Lord Justice Clerk on 15 March 1577 .
Barnet Burns ( November 1805 -- 26 December 1860 ) was an English sailor , trader , and showman who became one of the first Europeans to live as a Pākehā Māori and to receive the full Māori facial tattoo .
Antonio Rubino ( 15 May 1880 -- 1 July 1964 ) was an Italian illustrator , cartoonist , animation director , screenwriter , playwright , author and poet .
Robbie Millar ( 26 April 1967 -- 13 August 2005 ) was a head chef and restaurateur from Ballycarry in County Antrim , Northern Ireland .
Jules Marchal ( 1924 - 21 June 2003 ) was a Belgian diplomat and historian , who wrote extensively on the history of colonial exploitation in the Belgian Congo .
Bennett Scott ( 1875 - -1930 ) was a writer of music hall songs .
Meduri Nageswara Rao ( 31 March 1910 -- 13 January 1998 ) was an Indian independence activist , politician and Member of Parliament .
Gustaf Storgårds ( 11 December 1869 in Lapinjärvi -- 11 November 1945 ) was a Finnish Lutheran clergyman and politician .
Vsevolod I Svyatoslavich ( Russian : Всеволод Святославич ) , also known as Vsevolod Aurochs ( Russian : Буй-тур ) and Vsevolod the Fierce ( died 1196 ) , was a Prince of Kursk and Prince of Trubchevsk from a Rurikid family in Kievan Rus .
Sophiya Haque ( 14 June 1971 -- 17 January 2013 ) was an English actress , singer , video jockey and dancer .
Lucretia Magnusdotter ( Gyllenhielm ) ( 1562 - 1624 ) , was the illegitimate daughter of the Swedish prince Magnus , Duke of Östergötland , and Valborg Eriksdotter .
Li Xiaogong ( 591 - -640 ) , posthumously known as Prince Yuan of Hejian , often referred to by his earlier title as the Prince of Zhao Commandery , was an imperial prince and general of the Tang dynasty .
Thomas Shine , second Bishop of Middlesbrough , died at the Sisters of Mercy Nursing Home at Whitby on 22 November , 1955 , in his 84th year .
Gunning S. Bedford ( 1806 - 5 September 1870 ) was a medical writer , teacher and founder of the United States ' first obstetrical clinic for those too poor to pay a doctor 's fee .
William John Parry ( 28 March 1842 - 1927 ) was a Welsh businessman , politician and author .
Philip Thorp ( 6 May 1911 -- December 2006 ) was an English cricketer who played two first - class games for Worcestershire in 1935 .
Wenceslaus II , Duke of Opava - Ratibor ( also known as Wenceslaus I of Ratibor and Krnov ; Czech : Václav IV . Ratibořský ; c. 1405 -- 29 October 1456 ) was a member of the Opavian branch of the Přemyslid dynasty .
Martin Stephani ( 2 November 1915 -- 9 June 1983 ) was a German conductor and professor .
Frank Hall Crane ( 1 January 1873 -- 1 September 1948 ) was an American stage and film actor and director .
Mícheál Ó Siochfhradha ( 1900 - -1986 ; Irish pronunciation : ( mʲiːˈhaːl̪ˠ oː ʃʊˈxɾˠuː ) ) , and Pádraig ( An Seabhac ) Ó Siochfhradha were brothers who were writers , teachers and Irish language storytellers , from County Kerry , Ireland .
Les Mitchell ( 15 April 1891 -- 5 August 1957 ) was a former Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Hendrik Trajectinus , Count of Solms , ( b. 1636 in Utrecht -- 13 July 1693 in Neerwinden ) was a Dutch lieutenant - general .
Hilaire Vanbiervliet ( 29 October 1890 - -1981 ) was a Belgian painter belonging to the Flemish expressionists .
Sir William Chichele Plowden KCSI ( 1832 -- 4 September 1915 ) was a Civil Servant and Member of the Legislative Council in India , and subsequently a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1886 to 1892 .
Tyronne Fernando PC ( Sinhala:ටිරොන් ෆර්නැන්ඩො ) ( 8 August 1941 -- 26 February 2008 ) was a Sri Lankan politician who served as Foreign Minister from 2001 until 2004 .
Gwen Lux Creighton ( professionally Gwen Lux , 1908 - -1987 ) was among America 's pioneer women sculptors ( McBrien 2004 ) .
Valivitta Thevar ( 1889 - -1927 ) was an Indian social reformer and teacher .
Basil the Copper Hand ( Greek : Βασίλειος ὁ Χαλκόχειρ , died c. 932 ) was a Byzantine rebel leader active in Bithynia in the 920s and early 930s .
John Spenser ( 1559 - -1614 ) was an English academic , president of Corpus Christi College , Oxford .
Jack Penn ( 14 August 1909 -- 27 November 1996 ) , M.B. , Ch . B. , F.R.C.S.(E. ) .
James J. Metcalfe ( Sept 16 , 1906 - March 1960 ) was an American poet whose `` Daily Poem Portraits '' were published in more than 100 United States newspapers during the 1940s and 1950s .
`` Spearthrower Owl '' ( or Atlatl Cauac ) ( ? -- 439 AD ) is the name commonly given to a Mesoamerican personage from the Early Classic period , who is identified in Maya inscriptions and iconography .
Ludwig Hupfeld ( 26 November 1864 - 8 October 1949 ) was a musical instrument maker and industrialist .
James Mudie ( 1779 - -1852 ) was a Scottish - born free settler of Australia who became an officer of marines , large landowner , and author .
Ralph Waldo Tyler ( 1860 - -1921 ) was an African - American journalist , war correspondent , government official , and race man .
James Webber was the Dean of Ripon from 1828 until his death on 3 September 1847 .
Homer G. Balcom ( 1870 - -1938 ) was a structural engineer who was responsible for designing the Empire State Building .
Livia della Rovere ( 16 December 1585 -- 6 July 1641 ) was an Italian noblewoman of the House of della Rovere and a Duchess of Urbino .
William West Durant ( 1850 -- 1934 ) was a designer and developer of camps in the Adirondack Great Camp style , including Camp Uncas , Camp Pine Knot and Sagamore Camp which are National Historic Landmarks .
Einar Nerman ( 6 October 1888 in Norrköping -- 1983 ) was a Swedish artist .
Andreas Lauritz Thune ( 9 April 1848 -- 20 April 1920 ) was a Norwegian engineer and businessman , associated with the company Thunes Mekaniske Værksted .
Bernard O'Higgins ( ? --1564 ) was an Irish Roman Catholic bishop .
Ruaidrí Ua Conchobair ( died 1118 ) ( anglicised Roderic O'Connor ) , called Ruaidrí na Saide Buide ( Ruaidrí of the Yellow Birch ) was King of Connacht , perhaps twice .
Ammar Abadah Nasser al - Wa'eli ( Arabic : ) ( 1977 - 3 June 2011 , born in Yemen ) became wanted in 2002 , by the United States Department of Justice 's FBI , which was then seeking information about his identity and whereabouts .
Eben Ezra Roberts ( 1866 - -1943 ) was an American architect known for his work in the early modern Prairie style , pioneered by Frank Lloyd Wright , as well as other traditional residential styles .
Gaspard Rigaud ( 1 June 1661 - 28 March 1705 ) was a French painter and portraitist .
Prithivi Nath Kaul Bamzai ( 1910 - -2007 ) was a Kashmiri scholar and historian who wrote several books on the history of Kashmir and related topics .
Sir William Skeffington ( c. 1465 -- 31 December 1535 ) , was a Lord Deputy of Ireland .
Murchadh Reagh Ó Madadhan , Chief of Síol Anmchadha , died 1475 .
Dursun Aksoy was the Turkish administrative attaché in Brussels , Belgium , who was assassinated in 1983 .
Chitrananda Abeysekera ( 1930 - -1992 ) was a veteran broadcaster , poet , writer and an administrator .
Theodore de Lemos ( 1850 , Holstein , German Confederation -- 12 April 1909 , New York City , New York , United States ) , son of Hermann and Maria Grothe De Lemos of Holstein , was an architect .
To Lua Foto ( died 614 ) was Abbot of Clonmacnoise .
Seán Ó Cionnaith ( born July 1938 near Ballinasloe , County Galway , died 16 February 2003 in Dublin ) was an Irish socialist republican politician , and a prominent member of The Workers ' Party .
Chandra Gurung ( died 23 September 2006 ) , also Chandra Prasad Gurung , was a leader in conservation and sustainable field of Nepal .
Arthur Spry ( 4 February 1612 - 17 September 1685 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1660 to 1679 .
Henry Percy , 3rd Earl of Northumberland , ( 25 July 1421 -- 29 March 1461 ) was an English magnate .
Joseph Whiting Stock ( January 30 , 1815 -- 1855 ) was an American painter known for his portraits , miniatures , and landscape paintings , many of which he did on commission .
Józef Nawrot ( 24 September 1906 -- 24 September 1982 ) was a Polish international footballer who played for the national team during the 1920s and 1930s .
Johann Christoph Pepusch ( 1667 -- 20 July 1752 ) , also known as John Christopher Pepusch and Dr Pepusch , was a German - born composer who spent most of his working life in England .
Lulama Masikazana ( 6 February 1973 -- 7 October 2011 ) was a South African cricketer who played first - class cricket as a wicketkeeper for Eastern Province from 1993 to 2000 .
Ustad Abed Hossain Khan ( 1929 -- 1996 ) was a Bangladeshi musician , music composer and music director .
Alexander Aaronsohn ( Hebrew : אלכסנדר אהרנסון‎ ; Romania , 1888 - -Palestine , 1948 ) was an author and activist who wrote about the plight of people living in Palestine ( now Israel ) in his book , With the Turks in Palestine .
Charles Dadant ( 20 May 1817 -- 26 July 1902 ) was a French - American beekeeper .
James Maina Boi ( 4 April 1954 -- 15 July 2004 ) was a Kenyan middle distance runner .
Lindsay Smail ( 15 September 1910 -- 3 March 1988 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Albert Benjamin Prescott ( 1832 - 1905 ) was an American chemist , born in Hastings , New York .
Sita Chan ( Chinese : 陳僖儀 , 10 March 1987 -- 17 April 2013 ) was a Hong Kong Cantopop singer and actress .
Pietro Pintor ( 1880 -- 7 December 1940 ) was an Italian general during World War II . Pintor was the uncle of the antifascist journalist Giaime Pintor .
Edmond de Caillou or Raymond de Caillou , ( also spelt Calhou , Calhau , Cailow etc.)(d . 1316 ) was a Gascon soldier who fought during the First War of Scottish Independence .
Thomas Penrose ( 1742 - -1779 ) was an English cleric and poet .
Fergus Crawford ( 1933 - -1985 ) was an Irish professional footballer .
Konstantinos Kozanitas ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Κοζανιτάς , 1880 -- 1954 ) was a Greek gymnast .
Ivor Frederick Wentworth Schofield CMG ( 5 July 1904 - 25 September 1979 ) was a British colonial administrator in West Africa .
Charles Silvester Horne ( 1865 - -1914 ) was a late 19th century and early 20th century Congregationalist minister , who additionally served as Liberal M.P. for Ipswich , and was a noted orator .
Wilhelm Eduard Brodtbeck ( 25 September 1873 in Liestal - 12 April 1957 , in Liestal ) was a famous Swiss architect from Liestal canton Basel - Country .
Saint Mochta , Mochtae , or Mahew ( died 20 August 535 ) , in Latin sources Maucteus or Mauchteus , was the last surviving disciple of St. Patrick .
Muriki or Maurice Spata ( Albanian : Muriq Shpata , Greek : Μουρίκης Σπάτας ; fl . 1399 - -1414 ) was the ruler of Arta from late 1399/early 1400 until his death in 1414 or 1415 .
Ah Ken ( fl . 1858 - -1896 ) was a Chinese American businessman and popular figure in Chinatown , Manhattan during the mid - to late 19th century .
Hubert Le Blon ( 21 March 1874 -- 2 April 1910 ) was a French automobilist and pioneer aviator .
Luise Marie of the Palatinate ( Luise Marie von der Plafz ; 23 July 1647 -- 11 March 1679 ) was a Bavarian princess who married Charles Theodore , the Prince ( Fürst ) of Salm - Salm .
Elicius Benedict Bernard Placid Quirk Carrington Dwyer ( 3 May 1876 -- 19 October 1912 ) , better known as E. B. Dwyer , was an Australian cricketer who played first - class cricket in England for Sussex County Cricket Club .
Iwo Odrowąż ( died 21 August 1229 ) was a medieval Polish humanist , statesman , and bishop .
Ludwig Wrede ( 28 October 1894 -- 1 January 1965 ) was an Austrian figure skater in both pairs and singles skating .
Ketevan Pkheidze ( Georgian : ქეთევან ფხეიძე ; died 1744 ) was a Georgian princess of the family of Pkheidze ( also known as Mkheidze ) hailing from Imereti .
Sir Charles Tyrrell Giles KC ( 2 February 1850 -- 16 January 1940 ) , was a British lawyer and Conservative politician who represented Wisbech .
Otto Wilhelm Sonder ( 18 June 1812 , Bad Oldesloe -- 21 November 1881 ) was a German botanist and pharmacist who was a native of Holstein .
T G Purvis ( 12 April 1861 -- 17 January 1933 ) was a British marine artist .
Sir John Ingilby , 1st Baronet FRS ( 9 May 1758 -- 13 May 1815 ) of Ripley Castle , Yorkshire was a British politician .
Takeshi Taketsuru ( Japanese : 竹鶴威 , 6 March 1924 -- 17 December 2014 ) was a Japanese whisky distiller .
Comes Bonifacius ( anglicized as Count Boniface ) ( died 432 ) was a Roman general and governor of the Diocese of Africa .
Aquila Walsh ( 15 May 1823 -- 6 March 1885 ) was a Canadian civil engineer , politician , and civil servant .
Anthony Bleecker ( October 1770 -- 13 March 1827 ) was a lawyer and author who was a friend of Washington Irving and William Cullen Bryant .
Count Ignazio Alessandro Cozio di Salabue ( 1755 - -1840 ) was an Italian count known as the first great connoisseur and collector of violins .
Åsa Solberg Iversen ( born 7 April 1929 in Overhalla , Nord - Trøndelag , died 3 February 2009 in Fredrikstad ) was a Norwegian politician ( Ap ) .
Nguyễn Nhạc ( 阮岳 , died 1793 ) was the founder of the Tây Sơn Dynasty , reigning from 1778 to 1793 .
Nazzareno Orlandi ( May 29 , 1861 in Ascoli Piceno , Italy -- 1952 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) was an Italian - Argentine painter .
Salvatore di Pietro , S.J. , ( 15 June 1830 -- 23 August 1898 ) was an Italian Bishop in the Catholic Church .
Maciej Płażyński ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈmatɕɛj pwaˈʐɨɲskʲi ) ; 10 February 1958 -- 10 April 2010 ) was a Polish liberal - conservative politician .
Alain Le Bussy ( 1947 -- 14 October 2010 ) was a prolific Belgian author of science fiction who won the Prix Rosny - Aîné in 1993 for his novel Deltas .
Jay Appleton ( 1919 -- 27 April 2015 ) was a British geographer who proposed ' habitat theory ' and advanced the notion of ' prospect - refuge ' .
Shalva Maglakelidze ( also spelled as Maghlakelidze ; Georgian : შალვა მაღლაკელიძე , German : Schalwa Maglakelidse , French : Chalva Maglakelidzé ) ( 1893 - -1976 ) was a Georgian jurist , politician and military commander .
Nicholas Battely ( 1648 - 1704 ) was an English clergyman and antiquary , editor of William Somner 's Cantuaria Sacra and brother of John Battely .
Geng Yan ( Chinese : 耿弇 ; 3 - -58 AD ) was a Chinese general of the Eastern Han Dynasty .
Robert Garrison was an American sculptor ( May 30 , 1895 -- 1943 ) .
Józef Teodorowicz ( Armenian : Յովսէփ Թէոֆիլ Թէոդորովիչ ; 25 August 1864 -- 4 December 1938 ) was the last Armenian Catholic Archbishop of Lviv .
Michael Alfred Rufus Isaacs , 3rd Marquess of Reading ( 1916 - 1980 ) was an English aristocrat and banker .
Ivan Vasilievich Argamakov ( Russian : Иван Васильевич Аргамаков ; 1763 - 1834 ) was a commander of the Imperial Russian Army during the Napoleonic Wars .
Álvaro Rodríguez ( fl . 1129 - -1166 , died January 1167 ) was a Galician magnate during the reigns of Alfonso VII and Ferdinand II . Álvaro was the son of Rodrigo Vélaz and Urraca Álvarez , perhaps a daughter of Álvar Fáñez and Mayor Pérez , daughter of Pedro Ansúrez .
Agustín Viesca ( 1790 - -1845 ) was a governor of the Mexican state of Coahuila y Tejas in 1835 .
William Drummond , 4th Viscount Strathallan ( 1690 -- 16 April 1746 ) was a Scottish Jacobite army officer and fourth son of Sir John Drummond of Machany and Margaret , daughter of Sir William Stewart of Innernytie .
Bartolomé Baca ( c. 1767 -- 30 April 1834 ) was Governor of the territory of Santa Fe de Nuevo México ( New Mexico ) from August 1823 until September 1825 .
Richard Peek ( 3 October 1782 - 7 March 1867 ) was a tea merchant in London from modest beginnings in Loddiswell in Devon .
Robert Bowyer ( /ˈboʊjər/ ; bap . 18 June 1758 -- 4 June 1834 ) was a British miniature painter and publisher .
Gaetano Cara ( 1803 -- 1877 ) was an Italian archaeologist and naturalist primarily interested in ornithology .
Veliyan Parushev Mitev ( Bulgarian : Велиян Пaрушев Митев ) ( 20 March 1968 - 29 January 2013 ) was a Bulgarian footballer .
Darrell Ware ( 1906 - 1944 ) was an American screenwriter and film producer .
Koca Musa Pasha ( usually referred to as just Musa Pasha ; died 22 January 1647 , near Euboea ) was an Ottoman statesman .
Adrian Nicholas ( 4 March 1962 -- 17 September 2005 ) was a British skydiver who completed more than 8,000 jumps in 30 countries .
Jack Hylton ( 2 July 1892 -- 29 January 1965 ) was an English band leader and impresario who rose to prominence during the British dance band era .
Jean - Pierre Sydler ( 1921 - 1988 ) was a Swiss mathematician and a librarian , well known for his work in geometry , most notably on Hilbert 's third problem .
Gyula Válent ( 27 September 1926 -- 10 September 2010 ) is a Hungarian swimmer who won a silver medal in the 100 m backstroke at the 1947 European Aquatics Championships .
Jehan Rajab ( neé Welborne , 1934 -- 5 April 2015 ) was a Brazil - born Kuwaiti author of British origin .
Olivier Le Jeune ( buried 10 May 1654 ) was the first recorded slave purchased in New France .
Frederic Lord ( 15 November 1886 -- 15 August 1945 ) was an English choral conductor , organist , composer , and music educator .
Samuel Shelley ( 1750 - -1808 ) was an English miniaturist and watercolour painter .
Julian Rix ( 1850 - -1903 ) was an American landscape artist .
Joachim Thibault de Courville ( died 1581 ) was a French composer , singer , lutenist , and player of the lyre , of the late Renaissance .
Wompatuck ( died 1669 ) , known to English settlers as Josiah Sagamore , was a leader of the Mattakeesett tribe of the Massachusetts Indians .
Silvester of Valdiseve ( or Valdisieve ) ( 1278 - -1348 ) was a medieval monk who is not yet recognized as a saint by the Roman Catholic Church , but rather a Blessed .
Enzo Martinelli ( 11 November 1911 -- 27 August 1999 ) was an Italian mathematician , working in the theory of functions of several complex variables : he is best known for his work on the theory of integral representations for holomorphic functions of several variables , notably for discovering the Bochner--
Rev. James Noyes ( born 1608 , Wiltshire , England -- died 22 October 1656 , Newbury , Massachusetts Bay Colony , 22 October 1656 ) was an English clergyman who emigrated to Massachusetts .
George Gordon Belt ( 1828 - -1869 ) , soldier , 49er , businessman , judge , Confederate sympathizer who organized the Mason Henry Gang in California during the American Civil War .
Edward Vansittart Neale , BA , MA ( 2 April 1810 -- 16 September 1892 ) , was an English barrister , co - operator and Christian Socialist .
Théophile Rudolphe Studer ( 27 November 1845 -- 12 February 1922 ) was a Swiss ornithologist and marine biologist .
Viola Grosvenor , Duchess of Westminster ( 10 June 1912 -- 3 May 1987 ) was the wife of Robert Grosvenor , 5th Duke of Westminster .
Frank Damrosch , Jr. ( 1888 - 1966 ) was an Episcopal priest , author , and writer .
Mahendra Lal Wadhwa ( October 2 , 1900 -- August 1988 ) was an Indian freedom fighter from the town of Muzafargarh .
William S. Kaufman ( 1849 - -1916 ) was an American architect known for designing a number of public buildings , primarily in Indiana and Ohio .
Harry Gorodetzer ( 1914 - -2002 ) was a cellist for the Philadelphia Orchestra for 50 seasons during a period in which the orchestra received world - wide acclaim for its `` Philadelphia Sound '' .
Paul Walden ( 6 June 1964 -- 28 December 2015 ) , commonly known as Guru Josh , was a Jersey musician , active in the British post - acid house scene , best known for his début single `` Infinity '' , initially released in 1989 on Walden 's record label , Infinity Records .
John Ortell Kingston ( May 19 , 1919 -- August 25 , 1987 ) was the leader of the Latter Day Church of Christ of Mormon fundamentalists in Davis County , Utah , from 1948 until his death in 1987 .
Roger Anger ( 24 March 1923 -- 15 January 2008 ) was a French architect He was the architect on the Auroville project , designed by Mirra Alfassa and endorsed by UNESCO and the Government of India .
Leif Longum ( 19 November 1927 -- 5 May 1997 ) was a Norwegian essayist and literary researcher .
Charles Flaxman ( 25 December 1806 -- November 1869 ) was employed by George Angas as his chief clerk .
Alan Randall ( 24 April 1925 -- 24 May 2000 ) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Isidore of Miletus ( Greek : Ἰσίδωρος ὁ Μιλήσιος ) was one of the two main Byzantine Greek architects ( Anthemius of Tralles was the other ) that Emperor Justinian I commissioned to design the church of Hagia Sophia in Constantinople from 532 - 537 .
Maximilien Chaudoir , or Maximilien , baron de Chaudoir , ( 12 September 1816 , Ivnitsa , near Zhitomir - 6 May 1881 , Amélie - les - Bains ) was a Russian entomologist .
Haidar Malik Chadurah ( died 1627 ) was an administrator , and soldier in Kashmir in the service of Salim Nuruddin Jahangir , the fourth Mughal Emperor from 1605 until his death in 1627 .
Iljaz Prokshi ( Serbo - Croat : Iljaz Prokši ) ( born in 1949 in Kosovo , Yugoslavia , died 28 April 2007 in Pristina , Kosovo , Serbia ) was an ethnic Albanian writer and poet .
Taishi Ci ( 166 - -206 ) , courtesy name Ziyi , was a military general who lived in the late Eastern Han Dynasty .
Sky Target is a 1995 arcade game by Sega .
Madden Season 2 is an update to the arcade version of Madden Football by Global VR .
Heavy Rain is an interactive drama action - adventure video game developed by Quantic Dream and published by Sony Computer Entertainment exclusively for the PlayStation 3 in February 2010 .
Power Chess is a chess - playing video game originally released in September 1996 by Sierra Entertainment for the Microsoft Windows 95 operating system .
Sheep in Space is a surrealist computer game released for the Commodore 64 computer in the 1980s by Jeff Minter 's Llamasoft .
Skulls of the Shogun is a turn - based tactics video game developed by 17-BIT .
The Ancient Art of War in the Skies is a computer game developed by Evryware in 1992 for PC / MS - DOS computers as a sequel to The Ancient Art of War and The Ancient Art of War at Sea .
Jampack is a demo series from Sony to advertise and preview upcoming games through demos or featurettes .
Stalin vs. Martians is a parody real - time strategy video game developed by Black Wing Foundation , Dreamlore and N - Game , released on April 29 , 2009 .
Cities XL 2011 is a city simulator developed by Focus Home Interactive .
Miner Wars Arena is an arcade Indie video game developed by Keen Software House .
GT Pro Series is a franchise developed by MTO and published by Ubisoft as a launch title for Wii .
Robo Rampage is a shooter game developed and published by Miniclip that was released on December 21 , 2010 .
Dr. Panda Games ( formerly TribePlay ) is an independent Dutch / Chinese video game development studio focused on creating educational applications for kids on smartphones and tablets , and based in Chengdu .
Blockout is a puzzle video game , published in 1989 by California Dreams , developed in Poland by Aleksander Ustaszewski and Mirosław Zabłocki .
Dead or Alive 5 Last Round is a 2015 fighting game developed by Team Ninja and published by Koei Tecmo for the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation 4 , Xbox 360 , Xbox One , Microsoft Windows , and Arcade .
Matt Hayes Fishing is a fishing video game for Windows , released in 2002 by Electronic Arts and endorsed by British angler Matt Hayes .
Challenge of the Dragon was an unlicensed game developed by Color Dreams in 1990 for the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Realms of Darkness is a fantasy video game developed by Strategic Simulations , Inc. and released in 1986 .
Elevator Action EX is an update to the Game Boy version of Elevator Action published by Altron in 1991 .
EFM32 is a family of 32-bit microcontroller integrated circuits by Energy Micro AS , a subsidiary of Silicon Labs .
Mines of Titan is a single - player role - playing video game , developed by Westwood Associates ( later Westwood Studios ) , and released by Infocom in 1989 for DOS and Apple II .
Orion Burger is a computer adventure game developed by Sanctuary Woods and published by Eidos Interactive for the PC and Macintosh .
Team Fortress Classic is a team - based online multiplayer first - person shooter video game developed and released by Valve Corporation in 1999 .
College Hoops 2K8 is a video game by Visual Concepts and 2 K Sports .
Wild Metal Country ( Wild Metal on the Dreamcast ) is a 1999 action video game developed by DMA Design , first published by Gremlin Interactive in Europe for Microsoft Windows in 1999 , with Infogrames Studios publishing it in the US shortly after .
Mikie , and known in Japan as Shinnyuushain Tooru - kun ( 新入社員とおるくん lit . Freshman Tooru - kun ) , is a 1984 arcade game produced by Konami .
Spy Mouse ( stylized and marketed as SPY mouse ) is a video game developed by Firemint for iOS , Android and Windows Phone .
Beyond Good & Evil 2 is a video game in development by Ubisoft Montpellier and published by Ubisoft .
Tiles of the Dragon is mahjong solitaire game for DOS created by Jason Blochowiak ( programmer ) , Tom Hall ( creative director ) and Adrian Carmack ( artist ) for Softdisk in 1993 .
High Seize is a turn - based tactics video game for the Nokia N - Gage , published by Nokia and developed by RedLynx , released in late 2005 .
Mystery Case Files : 13th Skull is an adventure - puzzle casual game developed by Big Fish Studios and distributed by Big Fish Games .
SimPark is a 1996 video game by Maxis .
J.U.L.I.A. is an indie video game developed by CBE Software .
EWB Baseball is an iOS baseball sports game designed and published by Eddie Dombrower based on Earl Weaver Baseball .
Power Factory Featuring C+C Music Factory is a 1992 video game developed by Digital Pictures and published by Sony Imagesoft for the Sega CD .
Statistica is an advanced analytics software package originally developed by StatSoft which was acquired by Dell in March , 2014 .
The ZX81 is a home computer produced by Sinclair Research and manufactured in Scotland by Timex Corporation .
Clan Lord is the Macintosh 's first massively multiplayer online role - playing game ( MMORPG ) , made by Delta Tao Software .
The Conduit is a first - person shooter video game developed by High Voltage Software for the Wii console and Android .
Primal Rage is a versus fighting game developed and released by Atari Games to arcades in 1994 .
Raid on Bungeling Bay was the first video game designed by Will Wright .
WarpSpeed is a space flight simulator video game created by Accolade for the Sega Genesis / Mega Drive and Super NES .
SSX Blur is a snowboarding and skiing video game , for up to 4 Players , published by EA Sports Big and developed by EA Montreal for the Wii video game console .
Heroes of Mana , is a 2007 real - time strategy game for the Nintendo DS . It was developed by Brownie Brown and Square Enix and published by Square Enix .
Compu - Read is an educational program originally developed by Sherwin Steffin of Edu - Ware Services in 1979 for the Apple II .
Super Monkey Ball Adventure is a video game developed by Traveller 's Tales in association with the division Traveller 's Tales Oxford and distributed by Sega in the Super Monkey Ball series , released on June 30 , 2006 .
Menace Beach is a video game that was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System by Color Dreams in 1990 .
Mahjong Cub3d , known in Japan as Shanghai 3D Cube ( 上海3Dキューブ Shanhai 3D Kyūbu ) , is a Mahjong - based video game developed and published by Sunsoft , for the Nintendo 3DS .
Star Fox Adventures is an action - adventure video game developed by Rare and published by Nintendo for the GameCube as part of the Star Fox series .
The Rub Rabbits ! , known in Japan as Aka - chan wa Doko Kara Kuru no ? ( 赤ちゃんはどこからくるの ? , lit . `` Where do Babies Come From ? '' ) , is a mini - game compilation developed by Sonic Team and published by Sega for the Nintendo DS handheld video game console .
Star Soldier R is a futuristic scrolling shooter video game developed by Hudson Soft , and is the seventh installment in the Star Soldier series .
Fight Night Champion is a boxing video game developed by EA Canada and published by Electronic Arts .
Hot Chase is an arcade game released in 1988 by Konami .
Dirty Drivin ' is an arcade racing game developed by Specular Interactive and released by Raw Thrills in 2011 .
NecroVisioN is a World War I `` alternate '' history horror first - person shooter developed by Polish developer The Farm 51 and published by 505 Games .
IndyCar Racing II is a racing game developed by Papyrus Design Group .
Kitware , whose team created and continues to extend the toolkit , offers professional support and consulting services for VTK .
Snail Maze is a 1986 video game by Sega , part of the Sega Master System .
Demon 's World , released in Japan as Horror Story ( ホラーストーリー ) , is a platformer arcade game that was developed by Toaplan and published by Taito in 1989 .
Final Fantasy Airborne Brigade , known in Japan as Final Fantasy Brigade ( ファイナルファンタジー ブリゲイド Fainaru Fantajī Burigeido ) is a Final Fantasy video game developed and published by Square Enix for Mobage compatible mobile phones .
Crash Bash is a party video game developed by Eurocom and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation .
Seymour Goes to Hollywood , also known as Seymour at the Movies , is a platform and adventure game developed by Big Red Software and originally published in Europe by Codemasters in 1991 .
Kingdom Under Fire II is a video game set in a high fantasy setting developed by Blueside which merge real - time strategy ( RTS ) , role - playing game ( RPG ) and massively multiplayer online game ( MMO ) genres - the game is to have a single player , and online multiplayer mode .
Caltron 6 in 1 is a multicart published in 1992 for the Nintendo Entertainment System in North America , released by Caltron , a Taiwan - based video game company which was either closely related to , or simply a pseudonym for , NTDEC .
Robot Alchemic Drive , known in Japan as Gigantic Drive ( ギガンティック ドライブ ) , is a PlayStation 2 video game developed by Sandlot and published by Enix .
Alto Trek is a computer game , developed by Gene Ball and Rick Rashid for the Xerox Alto while they were graduate students at the University of Rochester during the late 1970s .
Divi - Dead is a Japanese 2D adult game released by C 's Ware in 1998 .
Soulstar was amongst a handful of games developed by Core Design using this graphical style among Battlecorps , BC Racers and Thunderhawk .
DYNIX ( dynamic unix ) is a discontinued operating system developed by Sequent Computer Systems .
Paladin II is a computer game distributed by Omnitrend Software and developed by Impressions Games in 1992 for the PC ( DOS ) , Amiga and Atari ST .
Dungeon Keeper 2 is a strategy game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1999 for Microsoft Windows .
John Gruber created the Markdown language in 2004 , with significant collaboration from Aaron Swartz on the syntax , with the goal of enabling people `` to write using an easy - to - read , easy - to - write plain text format , and optionally convert it to structurally valid XHTML ( or HTML ) '' .
Battle for Graxia was a free - to - play multiplayer online battle arena game developed by Petroglyph Games for Microsoft Windows .
MDK2 is a 2000 third - person shooter video game developed by BioWare and published by Interplay for the Dreamcast , Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2 .
XCOM 2 is a turn - based tactics video game developed by Firaxis Games and published by 2 K Games for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux .
Compu - Spell is educational software developed by Sherwin Steffin and Steven Pederson of Edu - Ware Services for the Apple II in 1980 .
Prime World is a freemium MMORPG - multiplayer online battle arena hybrid game , internally developed by Nival and available for PC and Mac with companion apps for Android and iOS platforms .
IA-32 ( short for `` Intel Architecture , 32-bit '' , sometimes also called i386 through metonymy ) is the 32-bit version of the x86 instruction set architecture ( ISA ) , first implemented in the Intel 80386 microprocessors in 1985 .
WWE ' 12 is a professional wrestling video game developed by Yuke 's and published by THQ for the PlayStation 3 , Wii , and Xbox 360 systems .
Its sequel , Mother 2 , or EarthBound , was developed over five years by Ape ( later Creatures ) and HAL , and published through Nintendo .
Super Time Force is a side - scrolling action and shooter video game by Capybara Games , originally released for the Xbox 360 's Live Arcade service and Xbox One on May 14 , 2014 .
SpyParty is an indie video game currently being developed by Chris Hecker .
OS X Mavericks ( version 10.9 ) is the tenth major release of OS X , Apple Inc. 's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers .
Fighters Destiny , known in Japan as Fighting Cup ( ファイティングカップ Faitingu Kappu ) is a 1998 video game developed by Genki and published by Imagineer for the Nintendo 64 .
The Original Latin Kings of Comedy is a 2002 stand - up comedy film directed by Jeb Brien , and the sequel to The Original Kings of Comedy .
Do n't Ever Open That Door ( Spanish : No abras nunca esa puerta ) is a 1952 Argentine thriller film directed by Carlos Hugo Christensen and starring Ángel Magana , Roberto Escalada and Norma Giménez .
A Daring Daylight Burglary also known as A Daring Daylight Robbery , is a 1903 British silent short crime film directed by Frank Mottershaw .
Atomic War Bride ( Serbo - Croatian : Rat , literally War ) , is a 1960 Yugoslav science fiction drama film directed by Veljko Bulajić .
Matt Firor , studio lead at ZeniMax Online , is also the director of The Elder Scrolls Online .
The Old School of Capitalism ( Serbo - Croatian : Stara škola kapitalizma ) is a 2009 feature film directed by Serbian director Želimir Žilnik .
The Bride Was Beautiful ( Hungarian : A menyasszony gyönyörű volt , Italian : La sposa era bellissima ) is a 1986 Hungarian - Italian drama film directed by Pál Gábor .
Challenge to Lassie is an American drama directed by Richard Thorpe in Technicolor and released October 31 , 1949 by MGM Studios .
Spider Forest ( Hangul : 거미숲 ; RR : Geomi sup ) is a 2004 South Korean psychological thriller written and directed by Song Il - gon .
Night of the Living Deb is a 2015 American romantic , comedy , post - apocalyptic film directed by Kyle Rankin .
Ninne Preethisuve ( Kannada : ನಿನ್ನೇ ಪ್ರೀತಿಸುವೆ ) is a 2002 Indian Kannada romantic drama film directed by Om Prakash Rao and produced by Oscar Films .
The Easiest Way is a 1931 American Pre - Code MGM drama film directed by Jack Conway .
Bonnie 's Kids is a 1973 American crime / exploitation film written and directed by Arthur Marks .
Mrs. Thompson is a 1919 British silent drama film directed by Rex Wilson and starring Minna Grey , C.M. Hallard and Isobel Elsom .
Dwitiyo Ripu ( Bengali : দ্বিতীয় রিপু Dwitiyo Ripu , meaning Anger ) is an upcoming Indian independent film directed by Abhijit Chowdhury .
Sri Krishna Rukmini Satyabhama ( Kannada : ಶ್ರೀ ಕೃಷ್ಣ ರುಕ್ಮಿಣೀ ಸತ್ಯಭಾಮ ) is a 1971 Kannada mythological film written and directed by K. S. L. Swamy .
Hate Story is a 2012 Indian erotic thriller film directed by Vivek Agnihotri and produced by Vikram Bhatt .
The Journey of a Young Composer ( Georgian : ახალგაზრდა კომპოზიტორის მოგზაურობა , translit . Akhalgazrda kompozitoris mogzauroba , Russian : Путешествие молодого композитора ) is a 1985 Georgian drama film directed by Georgiy Shengelaya .
The Last Hour is a 1930 British comedy crime film directed by Walter Forde and starring Richard Cooper and Stewart Rome and Kathleen Vaughan and Alexander Field .
Septembers of Shiraz is a 2015 American drama film directed by Wayne Blair and written by Hanna Weg .
Underground Lizard People is a 2011 American horror thriller written and directed by Jared Cohn , produced by Traplight Media , distributed by R - Squared Films , as Cohn 's second feature film .
De Pernas pro Ar ( Portuguese for Upside Down ) is a 2010 Brazilian comedy film directed by Roberto Santucci .
Kalam Vellum ( English : Time Will Win ) is a Tamil thriller directed by M. Karnan , released in 1970 .
Panic in the City is a 1968 American thriller film directed by Eddie Davis and written by Eddie Davis and Charles E. Savage .
O Circo das Qualidades Humanas is a 2000 Brazilian drama film directed by Milton Alencar , Paulo Augusto Gomes , Geraldo Veloso , and Jorge Moreno .
Hedgehog in the Fog ( Russian : Ёжик в тумане , tr . Yozhik v tumane ; IPA : ( ˈjɵʐɨk f tʊˈmanʲɪ ) ) is a 1975 Soviet / Russian animated film directed by Yuriy Norshteyn , produced by the Soyuzmultfilm studio in Moscow .
`` An Enemy of Fate '' was written and directed by showrunner and executive producer J. H. Wyman .
The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan .
Volcanoes of the Deep Sea is a 2003 documentary film directed by Stephen Low in the IMAX format about undersea volcanoes .
Sporting Blood is a 1931 American MGM sports drama film directed by Charles Brabin .
Married in Name Only is a 1917 American silent film written by Ivan Abramson and directed by Edmund Lawrence , starring Gretchen Hartman , Milton Sills , and Marie Shotwell .
Virtual Obsession is a 1998 science fiction TV movie directed by Mick Garris .
Tähdet kertovat , komisario Palmu ( `` The Stars Will Tell , Inspector Palmu '' ) ( 1962 ) is a Finnish crime movie directed by Matti Kassila .
Beau Bandit is a 1930 American western film , directed by Lambert Hillyer , from a screenplay by Wallace Smith , based on his short story , Strictly Business .
His People ( aka ; Proud Heart ) is a 1925 silent film about a young , Jewish boxer growing up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan directed by Edward Sloman .
Nine Lives Are Not Enough is a 1941 drama film directed by A. Edward Sutherland and written by Fred Niblo Jr ..
Tomorrow 's Yesterday was a short 2006 film written and directed by Elan Gale .
Garlic Is as Good as Ten Mothers is a 1980 documentary film about garlic directed by Les Blank .
Qurbani Jatt Di ( Punjabi : ਕੁਰਬਾਨੀ ਜੱਟ ਦੀ ) is a 1990 Punjabi action film produded by Hemavati Sapru and directed by Priti Sapru .
Son of Sardaar , also known by the abbreviation SOS , is a 2012 Bollywood action comedy film directed by Ashwni Dhir .
More Milk , Yvette ( 1966 ) is an avant garde film directed by Andy Warhol and filmed at The Factory .
Him and His Sister ( Czech : On a jeho sestra ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Karel Lamač and Martin Frič .
It Happened in Hollywood is a 1937 American comedy film directed by Harry Lachman and starring Richard Dix , Fay Wray and Victor Kilian .
Said O'Reilly to McNab is a 1937 British comedy film directed by William Beaudine and starring Will Mahoney , Will Fyffe and Ellis Drake .
Laksamana Do Re Mi ( Admirals Do , Re , and Mi ) is a 1972 Malaysian black and white comedy film directed by P. Ramlee .
Meeting People Is Easy , first released on 30 November 1998 , is a rockumentary by Grant Gee following British alternative rock band Radiohead on their exhaustive world tour following the success of their 1997 album OK Computer .
Message to Love ( directed and produced by Murray Lerner ) is a feature documentary film of the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 .
Satan 's Waitin ' is a 1953 animated Warner Bros. Looney Tunes ( reissued as Blue Ribbon Merrie Melodies in 1961 ) cartoon directed by Friz Freleng , released in 1954 , starring Sylvester and Tweety .
The Proud Rebel is a 1958 Technicolor Western film directed by Michael Curtiz with a screenplay by Joseph Petracca and Lillie Hayward that is based on a story by James Edward Grant .
Another Nice Mess is a 1972 comedy film written and directed by Bob Einstein , a former writer for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour .
Bhale Huchcha ( Kannada : ಭಲೇ ಹುಚ್ಚ ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film directed by Y. R. Swamy and produced by Gopal Lakshman .
Wife and Auto Trouble is a 1916 American film directed by Dell Henderson and Mack Sennett .
The Diary of a Worker ( Finnish : Työmiehen päiväkirja , and also released as Not by Bread Alone ) is a 1967 Finnish drama film directed by Risto Jarva .
Ninaivellam Nithya is a 1982 Indian Tamil romance film directed by Tamil C. V. Sridhar .
Bury Me an Angel is a 1971 American biker film from female director Barbara Peeters , who was script supervisor on Angels Die Hard ( 1970 ) .
What Price Vengeance ? is a 1937 Canadian film directed by Del Lord .
Cutting Class is a 1989 slasher film and dark comedy directed by Rospo Pallenberg and written by Steve Slavkin .
The Lady with the Tiger Skin ( German : Die Dame mit dem Tigerfell ) is a 1927 German silent film directed by Willi Wolff and starting Ellen Richter , Mary Kid and Georg Alexander .
Kalimannu is a Malayalam drama film written and directed by Blessy and starring Swetha Menon in the lead role and Biju Menon , Suhasini in Major Supporting roles .
Breast Men is a 1997 American , semibiographical , dark comedy film ; it was written by John Stockwell and directed by Lawrence O'Neil for HBO .
Zamaanat-(And Justice For All ) is a long - delayed Indian Hindi film , directed by S. Ramanathan .
The Countess of Baton Rouge ( French : La Comtesse de Bâton Rouge ) is a romantic comedy film by Canadian director André Forcier , released in 1997 .
People and Masks Part 2 ( German : Menschen und Masken -- 2 . Teil ) is a 1913 German silent film directed by Harry Piel and featuring Hedda Vernon and Ludwig Trautmann in the lead roles .
The Red Stallion is a 1947 American film directed by Lesley Selander shot in Cinecolor .
Train Busters ( aka R.C.A.F. Train - Busters ; its alternate French language version was known as La guerre des airs ) is a 13-minute 1943 Canadian documentary film , directed by Sydney Newman .
School Is Over ( Italian : La scuola è finita ) is a 2010 Italian drama film directed by Valerio Jalongo .
Star Warp'd is a 2001 American claymation parody film , directed by Pete Schuermann .
Your Turn to Die ( Italian : Troppo per vivere ... poco per morire , French : Qui êtes - vous inspecteur Chandler ? ) is a 1967 Italian - French crime - thriller film directed by Michele Lupo .
Jeevan Sathi(1962 ) ( Odia : ଜୀବନ ସାଥୀ ) is an Ollywood / Oriya film directed by Prabhat Mukherjee
Come on , Cowboys is a 1937 American Western `` Three Mesquiteers '' B - movie directed by Joseph Kane .
His Double Life is a 1933 American Pre - Code comedy - drama film directed by Broadway theatrical impresario and first time film director Arthur Hopkins with directorial input from the experienced William C. deMille , Cecil 's older brother .
Is It Always Right to Be Right ? is an short animated film directed by Lee Mishkin , produced by Stephen Bosustow Productions , and narrated by Orson Welles .
Recipe for Love , is an American television film written by Michael J. Murray and directed by Ron Oliver in 2014 .
Ore Thooval Pakshikal ( English : Birds of the Same Feather ) is a 1988 Malayalam film written , directed and produced by Chintha Ravi .
Stop Violence is a 2002 Malayalam film directed by A. K. Sajan .
Gang Bullets is a 1938 American film directed by Lambert Hillyer .
Der Mann , der sich in Luft auflöste ( `` The man who disappeared into thin air '' ) ( Swedish : Mannen som gick upp i rök ) is a German 1980 police film about Martin Beck , directed by Péter Bacsó .
The Call of Youth is a 1921 British short romance film directed by Hugh Ford .
Border Incident is a 1949 film noir directed by Anthony Mann .
Return to El Salvador is a 2010 documentary film directed by Philadelphia filmmaker Jamie Moffett and narrated by Martin Sheen .
Desmundo is a 2002 Brazilian drama film by Alain Fresnot , based on the novel of the same name by Ana Miranda .
Umbartha ( IPA : Umbaraṭhā ) ( Marathi : उंबरठा ; English : Threshold ) is a 1982 Marathi film produced by D. V. Rao and directed and coproduced by Dr. Jabbar Patel .
The Anthem of the Heart , subtitled Beautiful Word Beautiful World , is a 2015 Japanese animated film produced by A-1 Pictures , directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai and written by Mari Okada .
The Terrible People is a 1928 American adventure film serial directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet , based on the novel of the same name by Edgar Wallace .
Voices of Sarafina ! is a 1988 American documentary film directed by Nigel Noble about the anti - apartheid musical stage play Sarafina !
The Orchid Gardener is a 1977 experimental film with a mysterious and symbolic plot directed by Lars von Trier .
The Last Tempest ( Chinese : 瀛台泣血 , translit . Ying tai qi xue ) is a 1976 Hong Kong drama film directed by Li Han - hsiang .
Beyond Words is a 1997 documentary film directed by Louis van Gasteren .
Delhii Heights , produced by Prabhu and written - directed by Anand Kumar , was launched in Delhi in May with its first shooting schedule .
The Last Campaign of Governor Booth Gardner is a 2009 documentary film directed by Daniel Junge and produced by Just Media for HBO Films .
The Alligator People is a 1959 CinemaScope science fiction horror film directed by Roy Del Ruth .
George Bully is a 1920 German silent mystery film directed by Max Obal and starring Ernst Reicher as the detective Stuart Webbs , who was modeled on Sherlock Holmes .
Another Happy Day is a 2011 American black comedy - drama film written and directed by Sam Levinson .
Just Inès is a 2010 British film written and directed by Marcel Grant .
Good Night , Paul is a 1918 American silent comedy romance film directed by Walter Edwards .
The Adventures of Greyfriars Bobby is a family - based Scottish film released in the US in 2005 ( as Greyfriars Bobby ) and the UK in 2006 , and directed by John Henderson .
Unfreedom ( Hindi : Dagh Ujala ) is a 2014 Indian drama film by Raj Amit Kumar , which was released in North America on 29 May 2015 .
What to Do in Case of Fire ? ( German : Was tun , wenn 's brennt ? ) is a German film directed by Gregor Schnitzler .
Sun Do n't Shine is a 2012 independent thriller film written and directed by Amy Seimetz .
Dog Star Man is a series of short experimental films , all directed by Stan Brakhage :
Kora Kagaz ( Hindi : कोरा कागज़ ; translation : Blank Paper ) is a 1974 Hindi drama film produced by Sanath Kothari and directed by Anil Ganguly .
Far til fire med fuld musik is a 1961 Danish family film directed by Alice O'Fredericks and Robert Saaskin .
One Nine Nine Four is a documentary film written and directed by Jai Al - Attas , `` exploring the birth , growth and eventual tipping point of punk rock during the 90s '' and produced by the independent Australian company Robot Academy Films .
A Homespun Vamp is a 1922 American drama silent film directed by Frank O'Connor and written by Harvey F. Thew and Hector Turnbull .
The Girl and the Boy ( French : La fille et le garçon ) is a 1931 comedy film directed by Roger Le Bon and Wilhelm Thiele and starring Lilian Harvey , Henri Garat and Lucien Baroux .
Man Under Cover is a 1922 American crime film directed by Tod Browning .
The Younger Generation is a 1929 part - talkie drama film directed by Frank Capra .
The Strange Case of Clara Deane is a 1932 American Pre - Code drama film directed by Louis J. Gasnier and Max Marcin and written by Max Marcin .
The Skipper Surprised His Wife is a 1950 film directed by Elliott Nugent .
Like Mike is a 2002 American comedy film directed by John Schultz and written by Michael Elliot and Jordan Moffet .
Riders of Black Mountain is a 1940 Western film directed by Sam Newfield , under his pseudonym of Peter Stewart .
Kickin ' the Crown Around is a 1933 American Pre - Code film featuring the comedy team Clark and McCullough and directed by Sam White .
The Rats Woke Up ( Serbian : Buđenje pacova ) is a 1967 Yugoslavian drama film directed by Živojin Pavlović .
Daughters of Pharmacist Kim ( Hangul : 김약국의 딸들 ; RR : Kim yakgukjib daldeul ) is a 1963 South Korean film by Yu Hyun - mok portraying sibling rivalry and the troubled marriages of four sisters .
Tin Pan Alley Cats is a 1943 animated short subject , directed by Bob Clampett for Leon Schlesinger Productions as part of Warner Bros. ' Merrie Melodies series .
Sandra , la mujer de fuego ( Sandra , The Woman of Fire ) is a Mexican - Cuban drama film directed by Juan Orol .
Chenchu Lakshmi is a 1958 bilingual Telugu and Tamil film directed by B. A. Subba Rao .
Szindbád ( also known as Szinbád / Sindbad /Sinbad ) is a 1971 Hungarian film directed by Zoltán Huszárik , and based on short stories by the writer Gyula Krúdy .
His Dearest Possession is a 1919 British drama film directed by Henry Edwards and starring Edwards , Chrissie White and John MacAndrews .
Toward the Unknown was directed by Mervyn LeRoy and written by Beirne Lay , Jr. who had also penned the novel and screenplay for Twelve O'Clock High ( 1949 ) , and later screenplays for Above and Beyond ( 1952 ) and Strategic Air Command ( 1955 ) .
You Must Be Joking Too ! is a 1987 South African comedy film directed by Leon Schuster and produced by Elmo de Witt . The film has bean music composed by Johan van Rensburg .
Mr. Freedom is a 1969 film by the expatriate American photographer and filmmaker William Klein .
Mary Jane 's Mishap ; or , Do n't Fool with the Paraffin is a 1903 British short silent comedy film , directed by George Albert Smith , depicting Disaster follows when housemaid Mary Jane uses paraffin to light the kitchen stove .
Killer Fish is a 1979 Italian - French - Brazilian horror film directed by Antonio Margheriti .
Shree Shree Mahalaxmi Puja ( Odia : ଶ୍ରୀ ଶ୍ରୀ ମହାଲଖ୍ମି ପୁଜା ) is a 1959 Indian Oriya mythological film directed by Biswanath Nayak .
Sasura Ghara Zindabad ( Odia : ଶଶୁର ଘର ଜିଂଦାବାଦ୍ ) is a 2010 Oriya film screenplay & directed by Sanjay Nayak .
They Found a Cave is a 1962 Australian children 's adventure film directed by Andrew Steane .
The Young Fritz ( Russian : Юный Фриц ) is a 1943 Soviet film directed by Grigori Kozintsev and Leonid Trauberg based on a short satiric poem by Samuil Marshak .
Noesa Penida ( ( nuˈsa pəˈnida ) ; Perfected Spelling Nusa Penida ) is a 1941 film from the Dutch East Indies ( present - day Indonesia ) which was directed by Andjar Asmara and produced by The Teng Chun of Java Industrial FIlm .
Golden Legs ( Spanish : Piernas de oro ) is a 1958 Mexican comedy sports film directed by Alejandro Galindo and starring Antonio Espino , Tere Velázquez and Marco de Carlo .
American Teacher is a 2011 documentary film co - directed by Vanessa Roth and Brian McGinn and produced by The Teacher Salary Project .
Knerten ( English title : Twigson ) is a Norwegian film from 2009 directed by Åsleik Engmark , based on the children 's books by author Anne - Cath .
The Black Raven is a 1943 American film directed by Sam Newfield , produced and released by Producers Distributing Corporation .
The Blue Mansion is the second film from director Glen Goei .
Mientras haya un circo is a 1958 Argentine comedy film directed by Carlos F. Borcosque and starring Adrianita and Carlos Borsani .
Adwaytham ( literal meaning : Non - duality ) is a 1992 Malayalam political crime thriller film directed by Priyadarshan and written by T. Damodaran .
Andy Hardy 's Double Life is a 1942 comedy film directed by George B. Seitz .
Agent X-77 Orders to Kill ( French : Baraka sur X 13 , Spanish : Operación Silencio , Italian : Agente X77 ordine di uccidere , also known as Baraka for Secret Service ) is a 1966 French - Spanish - Italian spy film directed by Maurice Cloche and starring Gérard Barray and Sylva Koscina .
Kathayariyathe is a 1981 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Mohan and produced by A Raghunath .
Somebody Killed Her Husband is a 1978 comedy / mystery film directed by Lamont Johnson and written by Reginald Rose .
Adventure in Music is a 1944 American musical film directed by Reginald Le Borg and Ernst Matray .
Present Indicative ( Hungarian : Jelenidő ) is a 1972 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Bacsó .
Shubhayathra ( Malayalam : ശുഭയാത്ര , translation : Happy Journey ) is a 1990 Malayalam - language romantic drama film directed by Kamal and written by Ranjith .
La jiao jiao shi is a 2000 Hong Kong drama film directed by Frankie Chan and produced by David Chan .
The Eye of Vichy ( French : `` L'Œil de Vichy '' ) is a 1993 film directed by Claude Chabrol .
Tiger on Beat ( 老虎出更 ) , also known as Tiger on the Beat is a 1988 Hong Kong action - comedy film directed by Lau Kar - leung .
Picture Brides is a 1933 American Pre - Code adventure film , directed by Phil Rosen .
From Prada to Nada is an American romantic comedy film directed by Angel Gracia and produced by Gary Gilbert , Linda McDonough , Gigi Pritzker and Chris Ranta .
Citizen Mavzik is a 2006 direct - to - video film from Vilalan Productions , and directed by independent filmmaker Alan Melikdjanian .
Die Straße ( 1923 ) , also known as The Street , is a German silent film , directed by Karl Grune .
The Man in the Silk Hat ( French : L'homme au chapeau de soie ) is a 1983 French documentary film about the films of the French silent film star Max Linder , directed by his daughter , Maud Linder .
Nitrate Kisses is a 1992 experimental documentary film directed by Barbara Hammer .
Mr. & Mrs. Incredible ( San kei hap lui 神奇俠侶 ) is a 2011 Chinese - Hong Kong film directed by Vincent Kok .
Young and Dangerous 4 ( Chinese : 97古惑仔之戰無不勝 ; Literal Title 97 Wise Guys : No War Can not Be Won ) is a 1997 Hong Kong triad film directed by Andrew Lau .
La madama , also known as Sexycop , is a 1976 Italian crime comedy film directed by Duccio Tessari .
The Hanseatics ( German : Hanseaten ) is a 1925 German silent film directed by Gerhard Lamprecht and starring Tamara Karsavina , Fritz Alberti and Hermine Sterler .
Kizhakkum Merkkum ( English : East and West ) is a 1998 Tamil drama film directed by Kalanjiyam .
Father Came Too ! is a 1963 British comedy film directed by Peter Graham Scott .
Adultery Tree ( Hangul : 자녀목 ; RR : Janyeomok ) is a 1985 South Korean film directed by Jung Jin - woo .
Being Charlie is a 2015 American drama film directed by Rob Reiner and written by Matt Elisofon and Nick Reiner .
Wild Wild West is a 1999 American steampunk western action - comedy film directed by Barry Sonnenfeld .
Mohan Joshi Hazir Ho ! ( Summons for Mohan Joshi ) is a 1984 Hindi art film , made by Saeed Akhtar Mirza , based on his own story , during the Parallel Cinema period of Indian cinema .
I Was a Child of Holocaust Survivors is a 2010 animated film by Ann Marie Fleming based on 2006 autobiographical graphic novel by Bernice Eisenstein .
Christopher Strong ( aka The Great Desire and The White Moth ) is a 1933 American Pre - Code film , produced by RKO and directed by Dorothy Arzner .
Rozstanie ( English title : Goodbye to the Past ) is a Polish psychological melodrama film released in 1961 , directed by Wojciech Jerzy Has .
Thirumal Perumai ( தமிழ் : திருமால் பெருமை ) is a Tamil - language film , directed by A. P. Nagarajan and released in 1968 .
The Mysterious Monsters ( also known as Bigfoot : The Mysterious Monster ) is a 1976 documentary film written and directed by Robert Guenette about the cryptids Bigfoot , the Loch Ness Monster , and the Yeti .
Liberté I is a 1962 French - Senegalese film directed by Yves Ciampi .
Was She Guilty ? ( Dutch : Gij zult niet dooden ) ( 1922 ) is a British - Dutch silent crime film directed by George Beranger .
Keezh Vaanam Sivakkum ( Tamil : கீழ்வானம் சிவக்கும் ) is a 1981 Indian Tamil language film , directed by Muktha Srinivasan and produced by S. Ravi .
Mean Guns is a 1997 action film starring Ice - T , Christopher Lambert , Michael Halsey , Deborah Van Valkenburgh , and Hunter Doughty ; directed by Albert Pyun .
Beluvalada Madilalli ( Kannada : ಬೆಳುವಲದ ಮಡಿಲಲ್ಲಿ ) is a 1975 Indian Kannada film , directed by Geethapriya and produced by Smt Vanajakshi Devaraj .
Under the Glacier ( Icelandic : Kristnihald undir Jökli ) is a 1989 Icelandic drama film directed by Guðný Halldórsdóttir .
Periya Idathu Penn ( Tamil : பெரிய இடத்துப் பெண் ) is a 1963 Tamil language drama film directed by T. R. Ramanna .
Priscilla 's April Fool Joke is a 1911 American short silent comedy film directed by Frank Powell , starring Florence Barker and featuring Blanche Sweet .
Meet Mr. Callaghan is a 1954 British crime drama film directed by Charles Saunders and starring Derrick De Marney .
Confessions of a Vice Baron is a 1943 American film directed by S. Roy Luby , William A. O'Connor , Melville Shyer and Herman E. Webber .
Vampire Blvd . is a 2004 vampire film that was directed by and stars Scott Shaw .
The Notebooks of Memory is the third documentary film in a trilogy by Anne Aghion examining the aftermath of the Rwandan Genocide .
The Nurse from Brooklyn is a 1938 American drama film , directed by S. Sylvan Simon for Universal Pictures .
A Love to Hide ( French title : Un amour à taire ) is a French film made for television , directed by Christian Faure , which aired in 2005 .
Mere Apne ( Hindi : मेरे अपने ) is a 1971 Hindi film produced by Romu , Raj , and N. C. Sippy and written and directed by Gulzar .
Forgotten Ellis Island is a documentary film directed by Lorie Conway and narrated by Elliott Gould .
Red Zone Cuba , also known as Night Train to Mundo Fine , is a 1966 American drama film directed by Coleman Francis , who also wrote , produced , and played the starring role .
Susant Mishra 's Indradhanura Chhai ( Shadows of the Rainbow ) shows how urbanization and the consequent rise of modern consumerism have affected the traditional social and family structures in Bhubaneswar .
Heroes Are Not Wet Behind the Ears or Les héros n'ont pas froid aux oreilles is a 1979 French comedy film directed by Charles Nemes .
Focus , Please ! ( Czech : Zaostřit , prosím ! ) is a Czech comedy film directed by Martin Frič .
Make Me Happy ( German : Mach ' mich glücklich ) is a 1935 German musical comedy film directed by Arthur Robison and starring Julia Serda , Albert Lieven and Richard Romanowsky .
I 'd Give My Life is a 1936 American drama film directed by Edwin L. Marin and written by George O'Neil .
Window to Paris ( Russian : Окно в Париж ) is a 1993 Russian drama film directed by Yuri Mamin .
Ratnamala or Ratna Mala is a 1947 Telugu film produced and directed by P. S. Ramakrishna Rao .
The Deep Six is a 1958 Warner Bros. World War II drama film directed by Rudolph Maté , loosely based on a novel of the same name by Martin Dibner .
Mitasareta seikatsu ( Japanese : 充たされた生活 ) is a 1962 Japanese drama film directed by Susumu Hani .
Gildersleeve 's Ghost is a 1944 American comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas from an original screenplay by Robert E. Kent .
The Girl in Room 20 is a 1949 race film directed by and starring Spencer Williams .
Charandas Chor ( Charandas the Thief ) is a 1975 children 's film by noted director Shyam Benegal , based on the famous play by Habib Tanvir , which itself was an adaptation of a classical Rajasthani folktale by Vijaydan Detha .
Long Da Lishkara is an Indian Punjabi movie released in 1986 , directed and produced by Harpal Tiwana .
Carnival Sunday ( Spanish : Domingo de carnaval ) is a 1945 Spanish crime film written , directed and produced by Edgar Neville .
Los tres huastecos ( `` The Three Huastecos '' ) is a 1948 Mexican comedy - drama film directed by Ismael Rodríguez .
Girl of the Port is a 1930 romantic film , directed by Bert Glennon , from a screenplay by Beulah Marie Dix with dialogue from Frank Reicher .
To Brave Alaska is an American 1996 made - for - TV adventure film directed by Bruce Pittman .
Athisayan ( Malayalam : അതിശയൻ ) is a 2007 Malayalam science fiction film directed by Vinayan , starring Master Devadas , Jackie Shroff , Jayasurya and Kavya Madhavan in the lead roles .
The Soul of Broadway was a 1915 American silent crime drama film produced and distributed by the Fox Film Corporation and directed by Herbert Brenon .
They 're Always Caught is a 1938 American short crime film directed by Harold S. Bucquet .
Blood of the Losers ( Italian : Il sangue dei vinti , also known as The Blood of the Victims ) is a 2008 Italian war - drama film directed by Michele Soavi .
Take This Lollipop is a 2011 interactive horror short film and Facebook app , written and directed by Jason Zada , which uses the Facebook Connect application to bring viewers themselves into the film , through use of pictures and messages from their own Facebook profiles .
The Killer Shrews is a 1959 science fiction film directed by Ray Kellogg .
The Kurnell Story is a 1957 industrial film directed by Ken G. Hall about the construction of the Kurnell Oil Refinery in Sydney .
The Gore Gore Girls is a 1972 splatter film directed by Herschell Gordon Lewis .
Seclusion Near a Forest ( Czech : Na samotě u lesa ) is a 1976 Czechoslovak comedy film directed by Jiří Menzel .
Hang Your Dog in the Wind was the first feature film of Brian Flemming .
Finally Alone ( Konecne sami ) is a 1940 Czechoslovak comedy film , directed by Miroslav Cikán .
It Felt Like Love is a 2013 independent drama film , the first feature film directed by Eliza Hittman .
Thillana Mohanambal ( English : The Dance Queen Mohanambal ) is a 1968 Indian Tamil musical - drama film written , directed , distributed and produced by A. P. Nagarajan .
Adimaippenn ( English : Slave Girl ) is a 1969 Indian Tamil peplum film directed by K. Shankar .
Lakshmi Nivasa ( Kannada : ಲಕ್ಷ್ಮೀ ನಿವಾಸ ) is a 1977 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by B H Jayanna , B J L Prakash and Smt B J Kasthuri .
God Said Ha ! is a 1998 film that was written and directed by Julia Sweeney , who was also the movie 's star .
The Papal Chase is a 2004 Canadian micro - budget feature - length guerrilla - style mockumentary directed by Kenny Hotz of Kenny vs. Spenny fame , and written by Hotz and Paul Johnson .
Yatheem is a 1977 Indian Malayalam film , directed by M. Krishnan Nair and produced by TE Vasudevan .
Urchagam ( Tamil : உற்சாகம் , English : Refreshment ) is a Tamil film directed by Ravichandran who earlier directed Prashanth starrer Kannethire Thondrinaal and Majnu .
The Night the Animals Talked was produced by Gino Gavioli and Roberto Gavioli 's Gamma Film of Milan , Italy , and was directed by animation veteran Shamus Culhane .
Blind Guys ( Hungarian : Vakvagányok ) is a 2001 Hungarian drama film directed by Péter Tímár .
Mine Your Own Business is a 2006 documentary film directed and produced by Phelim McAleer and Ann McElhinney about the Roșia Montană mining project .
Trouble at Timpetill ( French : Les Enfants de Timpelbach ) is a 2008 French fantasy adventure film written and directed by Nicolas Bary , based on the novel of the same name by Henry Winterfeld .
Kung Fu Angels ( Chinese : 精武青春 ) is a 2014 Hong Kong - Chinese romantic comedy film directed by Herman Yau .
Born Bad is a 2011 American crime thriller film written and directed by Jared Cohn .
The Box of Life ( Arabic : Sunduq al - dunyâ‎ , French : Coffre de la vie ) is a 2002 Syrian - French drama film directed by Usama Muhammad .
Tamango is a 1958 French / Italian film directed by John Berry , a black - listed American director who exiled himself to Europe .
Web of Danger is a 1947 American action film directed by Philip Ford and written by David Lang and Milton Raison .
The Iron Mask is a 1929 American part - talkie adventure film directed by Allan Dwan .
The Port of Missing Girls is a 1928 silent film directed by Irving Cummings .
The Pursuit of Pamela is a 1920 British silent comedy drama film directed by Harold M. Shaw , starring Edna Flugrath , Templar Powell and Douglas Munro , and based on a play by C. B. Fernald .
Ghost of the China Sea is a 1958 film co - written by Charles B. Griffith set during World War II . It was the last movie directed by Fred F. Sears who died of a heart attack in 1957 .
Sun Seekers ( German : Sonnensucher ) is an East German film , directed by Konrad Wolf during 1958 .
Gejje Pooje ( Kannada : ಗೆಜ್ಜೆ ಪೂಜೆ ) is a 1969 Indian Kannada language film directed by Puttanna Kanagal and produced by Rashi Brothers .
For A Woman 's Honor is a lost 1919 silent film drama directed by Park Frame .
The Pope 's Toilet ( Spanish : El Baño del Papa ) is a 2007 Uruguayan film directed by César Charlone and Enrique Fernandez , starring César Troncoso , Virginia Méndez , and Mario Silva .
Tango Charlie is a 2005 bollywood , war film written and directed by Mani Shankar .
Together Brothers is a 1974 American film directed by William A. Graham .
Toonpur Ka Super Hero ( Translation : Toonpur 's Super Hero ) is a 2010 3D animation film written by Raaghi Bhatnagar and directed by Kireet Khurana .
Only a Viennese Woman Kisses Like That ( German : So küsst nur eine Wienerin ) is a 1928 German silent film directed by Arthur Bergen and starring Werner Fuetterer , Grete Graal and Erna Morena .
Mommy Is at the Hairdresser 's ( French : Maman est chez le coiffeur ) is a 2008 drama directed by Léa Pool .
Aranyadalli Abhimanyu ( Kannada : ಅರಣ್ಯದಲ್ಲಿ ಅಭಿಮನ್ಯು ) is a 1991 Indian Kannada film , directed by H. R. Bhargava and produced by S P Rajashekar .
Shimkent hôtel is a 2003 French fictional film directed and written by Charles de Meaux who co - wrote music score with Vladimir Karoev and Pierre Mikaïloff .
The Last Cartridges ( French : Les Dernières Cartouches , also released as Bombardement d'une Maison ; Star Film Catalogue no . 105 ) is an 1897 French short silent film directed by Georges Méliès , based on the 1873 painting of the same name by Alphonse de Neuville .
Under the Crescent is a 1915 American drama film serial directed by Burton L. King , starring Ola Humphrey , and released by Universal .
Parama Veera Chakra is a 2011 Telugu war drama film directed by Dasari Narayana Rao and produced by C. Kalyan under the Teja Cinema banner .
Priyatama is a 1977 light musical Bollywood film produced by T.C.Dewan , directed by Basu Chatterjee .
Zeus and Roxanne is a 1997 family comedy / adventure film directed by George T. Miller .
The Crown of the Russian Empire , or Once Again the Elusive Avengers ( Russian : Корона Российской Империи , или Снова Неуловимые ; translit . Korona Rossiyskoy Imperii , ili Snova Neulovimye ) is a 1971 Soviet action movie , a second sequel of The Elusive Avengers , directed by Edmond Keosayan and made on Mosfilm .
Theeya Velai Seiyyanum Kumaru ( English : You have got to work like fire , Kumar ! ) is a 2013 Tamil romantic comedy film co - produced and directed by Sundar C. and produced by Kushboo Sundar starring Siddharth , Hansika Motwani and Ganesh Venkatraman , with Santhanam as a comedian .
Some Kind of Beautiful ( Canadian title : How to Make Love Like an Englishman , UK title : Lessons in Love ) is a 2014 comedy / romance film written by Matthew Newman and directed by Tom Vaughan .
Candida , Millionairess ( Spanish : Cándida millonaria ) is a 1941 Argentine musical comedy film directed by Luis Bayón Herrera .
Document of the Dead is a 1979 documentary film by American filmmaker Roy Frumkes that was largely shot during the production of the 1978 film Dawn of the Dead .
Héroes sin fama is a 1940 Argentine comedy - drama film directed by Mario Soffici .
Elias rekefisker ( English : Elias the shrimp fisher ) is a 1958 Norwegian family film directed by Jan Erik Düring , starring Kristian Løvlie and Eva Svendsen .
Nijam ( English : Truth ) is a 2003 Telugu , crime film produced & directed by Teja on Chitram Movies banner .
Mientras Buenos Aires duerme is a 1924 silent Argentine film directed and written by José A. Ferreyra .
Flesh Color ( French : Couleur Chair ) is a 35 mm film by François Weyergans ( Prix Goncourt 2005 ) .
Daivanamathil is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Jayaraj .
Man on a String is a 1960 film drama directed by André de Toth , loosely based on the life of Boris Morros .
Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu ( English : One me , and one you ) is a 2012 Indian romantic comedy film written and directed by Shakun Batra in his directorial debut .
Marshal of Amarillo is a 1948 American Western film directed by Philip Ford and written by Robert Creighton Williams .
A Matter of Morals is a 1961 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and written by John D. Hess .
Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American Pre - Code comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline , from an original screenplay written by Al Boasberg and Ralph Spence .
Quiet Night In is a 2005 New Zealand film written , produced and directed by Christopher Banks .
The Private Life of the Gannets is a 1934 British short documentary film , directed by Julian Huxley , about a colony of Northern Gannet ( Morus bassanus ) on the small rocky island of Grassholm , off the coast of Wales .
Alex Holeh Ahavah ( Hebrew : אלכס חולה אהבה‎ , English : Alex Is Lovesick ) is an Israeli cult film directed by Boaz Davidson which was released in 1986 .
Spoilers of the West is a 1927 American Western silent film directed by W. S. Van Dyke and written by Joseph Farnham , Madeleine Ruthven and Ross B. Wills .
The Year of The Rabbit ( Spanish : El Año del conejo ) is a 1987 Argentine comedy drama film directed by Fernando Ayala and written by Oscar Viale .
Princess Olala ( German : Prinzessin Olala ) is a 1928 German silent drama film directed by Robert Land and starring Carmen Boni , Walter Rilla , Marlene Dietrich and Hans Albers .
The Kansas Terrors is a 1939 American Western `` Three Mesquiteers '' B - movie directed by George Sherman .
Prokurator Alicja Horn is a 1933 Polish film directed by Marta Flanz and Michał Waszyński .
The Burnt Theatre , or Les Artistes du Théâtre Brûlé , is a 2005 French - Cambodian docudrama directed and co - written by Rithy Panh .
Nageswari is a 2001 Tamil devotional film written and directed by Rama Narayanan .
Méfiez - vous , mesdames ! ( English title : Be Careful Ladies ) is a 1963 French comedy film directed by André Hunebelle .
Who Is Clark Rockefeller ? is a 2010 American police procedural television film directed by Mikael Salomon and written and co - produced by Edithe Swensen .
Bettada Jeeva is a National Award winning ( 2011 ) Kannada film directed by P. Sheshadri starring Suchendra Prasad , Rameshwari Varma and H. G. Dattatreya .
Meeting Spencer is a 2010 film directed by Malcolm Mowbray .
Battle Taxi is a 1955 American aviation drama film directed by Herbert L. Strock and written by Malvin Wald .
Jalisco Sings in Seville ( Spanish : Jalisco canta en Sevilla ) ( 1949 ) is a Mexican film directed by Fernando de Fuentes , starring Jorge Negrete .
The Invincible Gladiator ( Italian : Il gladiatore invincibile , Spanish : El gladiador invencible ) is a 1961 Italian / Spanish film directed by Alberto De Martino and Antonio Momplet .
Noorie is a 1979 Hindi movie produced by Yash Chopra , and directed by Manmohan Krishna , who was a noted character actor of the 1950s and 1960s , this was his only film .
The Palace of the Arabian Nights ( French : Le Palais des mille et une nuits ) is a 1905 silent fantasy film directed by Georges Méliès .
The Lion of Thebes ( Italian : Il leone di Tebe , French : Hélène , reine de Troie ) is a 1964 Italian - French peplum film written and directed by Giorgio Ferroni .
Light in the Window ( also known as Light in the Window : The Art of Vermeer ) is a 1952 short film directed by Jean Oser .
Amreeka is a 2009 independent film written and directed by first - time director Cherien Dabis .
Maa Inti Mahalakshmi is a 1959 Telugu , family drama film , directed by Gutha Ramineedu and produced by Parvathaneni Gangadhara Rao .
From Hell It Came is a 1957 American horror film and science fiction film directed by Dan Milner and written by Jack Milner .
Flesheater , sometimes written as FleshEater or Flesh Eater , is a low budget 1988 independent horror film , specifically a zombie film , by Bill Hinzman .
The Edge of the Abyss is a lost 1915 silent drama film directed by Walter Edwards and distributed by Triangle Film Corporation .
Beau Ideal is a 1931 American Pre - Code adventure film directed by Herbert Brenon and released by RKO Radio Pictures .
Kikos ( Armenian : Կիկոս ) is a Soviet Armenian comedy and war film , directed in 1931 by Patvakan Barkhudaryan and starring Hambartsum Khachanyan , Hrachia Nersisyan and Avet Avetisyan
Always Audacious is a 1920 American silent romance film directed by James Cruze and written by Thomas J. Geraghty .
Jeevana Jokali ( Kannada : ಜೀವನ ಜೋಕಾಲಿ ) is a 1972 Indian Kannada film , directed by Geethapriya .
Pratisaad - The Response is Indian marathi film directed by Yogesh Dattatraya Gosavi which was released in May 2010 and won best feature film award and critically acclaimed allover .
Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde is a 1925 silent , black - and - white comedy film , directed by Scott Pembroke and Joe Rock ( also the producer ) .
Edie & Pen , also known as Desert Gamble , is a 1996 film that was directed by Matthew Irmas and written by Victoria Tennant .
Canne mozze ( `` Sawed - off Shotgun '' ) is a 1977 Italian crime - thriller film written and directed by Mario Imperoli .
The Reconstruction of William Zero is a 2014 American science fiction film directed by Dan Bush , written by Bush and Conal Byrne , and starring Byrne and Amy Seimetz .
Ella , él y sus millones is a 1944 Spanish comedy film written and directed by Juan de Orduña .
Dinosaurus ! is a 1960 science fiction film directed by Irvin Yeaworth and produced by Jack H. Harris .
The Man with the Iron Fists 2 is a 2015 American direct - to - video martial arts action film directed by Roel Reiné and written by RZA and John Jarrell .
She Who Must Burn is a 2015 horror thriller film that was directed by Larry Kent .
Inqilab is a 2008 Indian documentary film directed by Gauhar Raza , about Indian freedom fighter , Bhagat Singh , co - produced by Nehru Memorial Museum and Library ( NMML ) and Act Now for Harmony and Democracy ( ANHAD ) in connection with birth centenary Bhagat Singh .
The Navy Aviator is a 1914 American silent short drama film written by Lorimer Johnston and directed by Sydney Ayres .
Slave of Dreams is a 1995 TV film based on the story of Joseph in the Bible , directed by Robert M. Young , produced by Dino De Laurentiis and Martha De Laurentiis and written by Ron Hutchinson .
Men Prefer Fat Girls ( Les hommes préfèrent les grosses ) is a French comedy film directed by Jean - Marie Poiré .
The Strange House ( Chinese : 通灵之六世古宅 ) is a 2015 Chinese 3D horror thriller film directed by Danny Pang Phat .
Nasib Si Labu Labi ( The Fate of Labu and Labi , colloquially `` What Happened to Labu and Labi '' ) is a 1962 Malaysian buddy comedy film directed by and starring P. Ramlee .
Chaar Din Ki Chandni ( English : 4 nights of moonlight ) is a 2012 Hindi romantic comedy film directed and produced by Samir Karnik .
Voice of a Murderer ( Hangul : 그놈 목소리 ; RR : Geunom moksori ; lit . `` His Voice '' ) is a 2007 South Korean crime thriller - drama film written and directed by Park Jin - pyo , starring Sol Kyung - gu and Kim Nam - joo .
They Staked Their Lives ( Swedish : Med livet som insats ) is a 1940 Swedish drama film directed by Alf Sjöberg .
Six Months of Life ( Spanish : Seis meses de vida ) is a 1951 Venezuelan drama film directed by Víctor Urruchúa .
Trouble the Water is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by Tia Lessin and Carl Deal , producers of Fahrenheit 9/11 .
The Longshot is a 1986 comedy film directed by Paul Bartel and starring Tim Conway .
Calzonzin Inspector is a 1974 Mexican comedy film and live action comic adaptation directed and starred by Alfonso Arau .
The Top of New York is a lost 1922 American silent drama film directed by William Desmond Taylor and written by George James Hopkins , Julia Crawford Ivers and Sonya Levien .
À toute allure is a 1982 French drama film directed by Robert Kramer .
Today for the Last Time ( Czech : Dnes naposled ) is a 1958 Czech drama film directed by Martin Frič .
13 Going on 30 ( known as Suddenly 30 in Australia and some countries ) is a 2004 American romantic comedy fantasy film written by Josh Goldsmith and Cathy Yuspa , and directed by Gary Winick .
Flirting with Danger is a 1934 adventure film directed by Vin Moore and starring Robert Armstrong , Edgar Kennedy and William Cagney ( James Cagney 's lookalike brother ) .
Bajirao Mastani is a 2015 Indian epic historical romance film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali , who also composed the music score of the film .
Entotsu no mieru basho ( Japanese : 煙突の見える場所 ) is a 1953 Japanese drama film directed by Heinosuke Gosho .
Spøgelsestoget ( English title : Ghost Train International ) is a 1976 Danish family film directed by Bent Christensen .
Looking for Nicolas Sarkozy is a 2011 French documentary film directed by William Karel .
Nandini I Love U ( Odia : ନଂଦିନୀ ଆଇ ଲଭ୍ ୟୁ ) is a 2008 Indian Oriya film directed by Ashok Pati .
Rolando Rivas , taxista is a 1972 - 3 Argentine telenovela and a 1974 romantic drama film directed by Julio Saraceni and starring Claudio García Satur and Soledad Silveyra .
Delivered is a 1999 thriller / crime film directed by Guy Ferland .
Gandu Bherunda ( Kannada : ಗಂಡು ಭೇರುಂಡ ) is a 1984 Indian Kannada language drama film directed by Rajendra Singh Babu .
No Trifling with Love ( French : On ne badine pas avec l'amour ) is a 1977 French drama film directed by Caroline Huppert .
Before the Devil Knows You 're Dead is a 2007 crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet , his last feature film before his death in 2011 .
Gaali Gopura ( Kannada : ಗಾಳಿ ಗೋಪುರ ) is a 1962 Kannada film directed and produced by B. R. Panthulu .
The Virgin and the Macho Man ( Portuguese : A Virgem e o Machão ) is a 1974 Brazilian sex comedy film directed by José Mojica Marins under the pseudonym J. Avelar .
Veeraputhran ( Malayalam : വീരപുത്രൻ ; English : The Legend ) is a 2011 Malayalam historical film directed by P. T. Kunju Muhammed based on the story written by N. P. Mohammed , which is based on the life of Indian Freedom fighter and anti - Colonial activist Mohammed Abdul Rahiman ( 1898 -- 1945 ) .
Sea Point Days is a 2008 documentary film about the Cape Town suburb of Sea Point , directed by François Verster .
Sand ! is a 1920 American silent Western film directed by Lambert Hillyer and written by Lambert Hillyer based upon the Russell A. Boggs short story `` Dan Kurrie 's Inning . ''
Lamhaa ( Hindi : लम्हा , Urdu : لمحا‎ , translation : Moment ) is a Bollywood action thriller film written and directed by Rahul Dholakia , released on 16 July 2010 .
Tendres Cousines ( English : Tender Cousins ) is an 1980 French film directed by David Hamilton .
Eating Out is a 2004 gay - themed romantic comedy film written and directed by Q. Allan Brocka .
The Iron Trail is a 1921 American adventure silent film directed by Roy William Neill and written by Dorothy Farnum .
Uthama Purushan is a 1989 Tamil drama film , directed by K. Subash , starring Prabhu , Revathi and Amala in lead roles .
Klatretøsen ( English : The Climbing Girl ) is a 2002 film directed by Hans Fabian Wullenweber .
Yana 's Friends ( Hebrew : החברים של יאנה , HaHaverim shel Yana‎ ) is a 1999 Israeli film directed by Arik Kaplun .
Seeing Hands is a 1943 American short drama film directed by Gunther von Fritsch .
Sleepwalk with Me is a 2012 American independent comedy film written by , directed by , and starring comedian Mike Birbiglia .
Woman of Fire ( Hangul : 화녀 ; RR : Hwanyeo ) is an award - winning 1971 South Korean film directed by Kim Ki - young .
Priyamudan ( Tamil : ப்ரியமுடன் ; English : With Love ) is a 1998 Tamil romantic thriller film directed by Vincent Selva .
The Possibility of Hope is a 2007 documentary short film directed by Alfonso Cuarón included as an extra in the Special Edition DVD of Cuarón 's 2006 film Children of Men .
Five of a Kind is a 1938 American comedy film directed by Herbert I. Leeds and written by Lou Breslow and John Patrick .
Uproar in the Studio ( simplified Chinese : 大闹画室 ; traditional Chinese : 大鬧畫室 ; pinyin : Dà nào huashì ) is a black and white Chinese animation short made in 1926 by Wan Laiming and Wan Guchan .
Lex and Rory is a 1994 Australian film from director Dean Murphy .
Ganadevata ( English : The People ) is a 1978 Bengali drama film directed by Tarun Majumdar , based on a novel by same name by Tarashankar Bandopadhyay .
Iniyum Kadha Thudarum is a 1985 Indian Malayalam film , directed by Joshiy and produced by Poorna Chandra Rao .
Pithamagan ( English : Son of Ancestors ) is a 2003 Indian Tamil drama film written and directed by Bala .
And Sudden Death is a 1936 American drama film directed by Charles Barton and written by Joseph Moncure March .
Watch it , Sailor ! is a 1961 British comedy film directed by Wolf Rilla and starring Dennis Price , Liz Fraser and Irene Handl .
20,000 Men a Year is a 1939 American action film directed by Alfred E. Green and written by Lou Breslow and Owen Francis .
Mirandy Smiles is a 1918 American silent drama film directed by William C. deMille and written by Edith M. Kennedy based upon a short story by Belle K. Maniates .
Thyagabhoomi ( English : Land of Sacrifice ) is a 1939 film directed and produced by famous film director K. Subramanyam .
Anbalippu ( Tamil : அண்பளிப்பு English : Presentation ) is a 1969 Indian Tamil film , directed by A. C. Tirulokchandar and produced by S. Gandhiraj .
Aranmanai 2 is a 2016 Tamil comedy thriller film written and directed by Sundar C. The film stars Sundar C himself , Siddharth , Trisha , Hansika Motwani , Soori , Kovai Sarala and Manobala will be seen in leading roles and with Vaibhav Reddy in a guest appearence .
Paid to Love is a 1927 American silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks and written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan , William M. Conselman , Benjamin Glazer and Seton I. Miller .
Amalio Reyes , un hombre is a 1970 Argentine comedy film directed by Enrique Carreras and written by Norberto Aroldi .
Listen Lester is a 1924 black - and - white silent film drama / comedy film directed by William A. Seiter , with a screen adaptation by Lewis Milestone and William A. Seiter , based upon the 1918 stage play of the same name .
Big Money Hustlas is a 2001 American comedy film directed by John Cafiero as his feature film debut .
Scenes of City Life is a 1935 Chinese film directed by Yuan Muzhi .
Batman Forever is a 1995 American superhero film directed by Joel Schumacher and produced by Tim Burton , based on the DC Comics character Batman .
Karma Cartel is a Multi - Award - winning , Avant - Garde , Indian ( Malayalam film ) debut feature film produced and directed by Vinod Bharathan .
Rakkayi Koyil is a 1993 Tamil village drama film directed by Manivasagam .
The Dancer and the Thief ( 2009 ; Spanish : El Baile de la Victoria ) is a film directed by Fernando Trueba , produced in Spain and filmed in Chile .
Lady Helen 's Escapade is a short American film produced in 1909 , directed by D. W. Griffith .
A Nice Neighbor ( Hungarian : A kedves szomszéd ) is a 1979 Hungarian drama film directed by Zsolt Kézdi - Kovács .
Limuzīns Jāņu nakts krāsā ( A Limousine The Colour Of Midsummer 's Eve ) is a 1981 Latvian TV - film , a comedy directed by Jānis Streičs .
Guru En Aalu ( English : Guru my man ) is a 2009 Tamil romantic comedy film directed by Selva .
Anaganaga Oka Roju ( English : Once upon a day , Telugu : అనగనగా ఒక రోజు ) is a 1997 Telugu Road movie , written and directed by Ram Gopal Varma .
Cala , My Dog ! is a 2003 Chinese comedy film directed by Lu Xuechang .
Raja Veettu Kannukkutty ( Tamil : ராஜா வீட்டு கன்னுக்குட்டி ) is a 1984 Indian Tamil film , directed by C. V. Rajendran and produced by P. Ramdass and B. Ramanan .
Twenty8k is a 2012 British thriller film directed by David Kew and Neil Thompson .
Pocket Maar is an upcoming Bollywood crime film directed and produced by Ravi Chopra .
Hogaya Dimaagh Ka Dahi ( HDKD ) is a Bollywood comedy movie directed by Fauzia Arshi and produced by Santosh Bhartiya and Fauzia Arshi for Daily Multimedia Limited .
Josser Joins the Navy is a 1932 British comedy film directed by Norman Lee and starring Ernie Lotinga , Cyril McLaglen and Jack Hobbs .
100 dragspel och en flicka ( `` 100 Accordions and One Girl '' ) is a Swedish comedy film from 1946 directed by Ragnar Frisk .
How Big Is Your Love ( Arabic : Kedach ethabni‎ ) is a 2011 Algerian drama film written and directed by Fatma Zohra Zamoum .
Let 's Go to Prison is a 2006 American comedy film directed by Bob Odenkirk .
Bar 20 is a 1943 American Western film directed by Lesley Selander and written by Morton Grant , Michael Wilson and Norman Houston .
Fang and Claw is a 1935 jungle adventure documentary starring Frank Buck .
Father to Be ( Swedish : Jag är med barn ) is a 1979 Swedish film directed by Lasse Hallström .
The Flight of the Gossamer Condor is a 1978 American short documentary film directed by Ben Shedd , about the development of the Gossamer Condor , the first human - powered aircraft .
Baby Bottleneck is a Warner Bros. Looney Tunes ( reissued as a Blue Ribbon ) theatrical cartoon short released in 1946 and directed by Bob Clampett and written by Warren Foster .
Santa and the Ice Cream Bunny is a 1972 American musical fantasy film written , composed , shot , edited , and directed by R. Winer to frame Barry Mahon 's Childhood Productions films for a Christmas release .
Element of Doubt is a 1996 British thriller film directed by Christopher Morahan and starring Gina McKee and Michael Jayston .
The Squire of Long Hadley is a 1925 British silent drama film directed by Sinclair Hill and starring Marjorie Hume , Brian Aherne and G.H. Mulcaster It was adapted from a novel by E. Newton Bungay and was also known under the alternative title of Romance of Riches .
Missile to the Moon is an independently made 1958 American black - and - white science fiction film , produced by Marc Frederic , directed by Richard E. Cunha , starring Richard Travis , Cathy Downs , K.T. Stevens , and Leslie Parrish .
Twenty Million Sweethearts is a 1934 American Pre - Code musical comedy film directed by Ray Enright .
Love in a Hot Climate ( Spanish : Sangre y luces , French : Sang et lumières ) is a 1954 Spanish - French drama film directed by Georges Rouquier and Ricardo Muñoz Suay .
He Who Must Die ( French : Celui qui doit mourir , Italian : Colui che deve morire ) is a 1957 French film directed by Jules Dassin .
One Foot Under ( Finnish : Toinen jalka haudasta ) is a 2009 Finnish film produced by Dionysos Films and directed by Johanna Vuoksenmaa .
Telling Whoppers is a 1926 short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan and Robert A. McGowan .
Nanna Shathru ( Kannada : ನನ್ನ ಶತ್ರು ) is a 1992 Indian Kannada film , directed by K. S. R. Das and produced by G. R. K. Raju .
Always Tell Your Wife is a 1923 short comedy film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and Seymour Hicks after they took over from Hugh Croise after he was taken ill . Only one of the two reels are known to survive .
Playful Pluto ( 1934 ) is a classic Walt Disney cartoon , directed by Burt Gillett showcasing Pluto .
The Return of a Man Called Horse is a 1976 American western film directed by Irvin Kershner involving a conflict over territory between Sioux Indians and white men .
The Strakonice Bagpiper ( Czech : Strakonický dudák ) is a 1955 Czechoslovak drama film directed by Karel Steklý .
A Heart in Pawn is an 1919 American silent drama film directed by William Worthington .
Blood Glacier ( also known as Blutgletscher , Glazius , and The Station ) is a 2013 horror film that was directed by Marvin Kren .
Anweshanam is a 1972 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar .
Hrudaya Pallavi ( Kannada : ಹೃದಯ ಪಲ್ಲವಿ ) is a 1987 Indian Kannada film , directed by R. N. Jayagopal and produced by Kurunji Shivaram and Smt Jaya Shivaram .
Tanner on Tanner is a 2004 comedy and the sequel to the 1988 Robert Altman directed and Garry Trudeau written miniseries about a failed presidential candidate , Tanner ' 88 .
My Kung - Fu Sweetheart ( simplified Chinese : 野蛮秘笈 ; traditional Chinese : 野蠻秘笈 ) is a 2006 Hong Kong film directed by Wong Jing .
`` Khonani '' was written by 30 Rock co - producer Vali Chandrasekaran and directed by Beth McCarthy - Miller , a long - time television director who worked with series creator Tina Fey on the sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live .
Sugar Colt is a 1966 Italian spaghetti western directed by Franco Giraldi .
The Story of Nampoo ( Thai : น้ำพุ ) is a 1984 Thai drama film directed by Euthana Mukdasanit .
Coming to Terms with the Dead ( French : Petits arrangements avec les morts ) is a 1994 French drama film directed by Pascale Ferran .
Saneamento Básico ( Portuguese for `` basic sanitation '' ) is a 2007 Brazilian comedy film written and directed by Jorge Furtado .
Tonight We Sing is a 1953 musical biopic film , directed by Mitchell Leisen , based on the life and career of the celebrated impresario Sol Hurok .
Puisi Tak Terkuburkan ( literally Unburied Poetry ; released in English as A Poet : Unconcealed Poetry ) is a 2000 award winning Indonesian documentary / drama directed by Garin Nugroho in black and white .
Nallavan Vazhvan is a Tamil language drama film directed by P. Neelakantan .
Satinder Satti did her graduation from RR Bawa DAV College , Batala and then Masters degree in law from Guru Nanak Dev University , Amritsar .
Miguel de la Madrid graduated with a bachelor 's degree in law from the National Autonomous University of Mexico ( UNAM ) and received a master 's degree in Public Administration from the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University , in the United States .
Barbara Liskov ( born November 7 , 1939 as Barbara Jane Huberman ) is an American computer scientist who is an institute professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Ford Professor of Engineering in its School of Engineering 's electrical engineering and computer science department .
S. Mark Young holds the George Bozanic and Holman G. Hurt Chair in Sports and Entertainment Business in the Marshall School of Business at the University of Southern California .
Janet Staiger is the William P. Hobby Centennial Professor of Communication in the Department of Radio - Television - Film at the University of Texas at Austin .
Molly Line is a news correspondent for Fox News Channel .
Dennis Taylor ( born Denis Taylor , 19 January 1949 in Coalisland , County Tyrone , Northern Ireland ) is a retired snooker player , and current BBC snooker commentator .
David Shugar ( 10 September 1915 -- 31 October 2015 ) was a professor of the University of Warsaw .
Lu Kanru ( Chinese : 陸侃如 , November 16 , 1903 -- December 1 , 1978 ) was a scholar of classical Chinese literature and a lifelong collaborator of his wife Feng Yuanjun Like his wife , he worked at Shandong University for most of his career .
Francis Woodman Cleaves ( born in Boston in 1911 and died in New Hampshire on December 31 , 1995 ) was a Sinologist , writer and historian who taught at Harvard University , where he was key in establishing Mongolian studies in America .
A. Rangaswami Iyengar ( July 1877 - - 4 February 1934 ) was an Indian journalist , lawyer and politician who served as a member of the Central Legislative Assembly and as the Chief Editor of The Hindu from 1928 till his death in 1934 .
Christine Bravo became later a columnist for Elle and also collaborated for Le Journal du dimanche , L'Événement du jeudi , France Soir , Paris Match and Cosmopolitan .
Jacquelyn Dowd Hall is an American historian , and Julia Cherry Spruill Professor at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Fred Orton is a scholar of art history and art theory at the University of Leeds .
Konrad Jażdżewski ( 1908 - -1985 ) was a Polish professor of archeology , doctor honoris causa at the University of Łódź .
In 2011 , Geldof presented a six - part series on ITV2 called OMG ! with Peaches Geldof , a magazine - format chat and guest show with audience participation .
Clinton Edward Ballou ( born June 18 , 1923 in King Hill , Idaho , to William Clinton Ballou and `` Mollie '' Ballou ) is a Professor Emeritus of biochemistry at the University of California , Berkeley .
Issaka Souna ( born 1954 ) is a Nigerien politician and since 10 November 2014 the Deputy Head of the United Nations Electoral Observation Mission in Burundi .
Greg Whitten is a former chief software architect at Microsoft , where he worked from 1979 to 1998 .
RT America responded by calling Liz Wahl 's actions `` Nothing more than a self - promotional stunt . ''
Larry Samuelson is the A. Douglas Melamed Professor of Economics at Yale University and one of the faculty of the Cowles Foundation of Yale University .
Margaret Sayers Peden is an award - winning American translator and professor emerita of Spanish at the University of Missouri .
Michael Oppenheimer is the Albert G. Milbank Professor of Geosciences and International Affairs in the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs and the Department of Geosciences at Princeton University .
Eleftheria Zeggini is research group leader at the Wellcome Trust Sanger Institute and an Honorary Professor in the Department of Health Sciences at the University of Leicester in the UK .
Frederick M. Dolan ( born March 17 , 1955 ) is Professor Emeritus of Rhetoric at the University of California , Berkeley and Professor of Humanities at the California College of the Arts in Oakland and San Francisco .
Laura Trant is a British broadcast journalist and presenter , best known as a presenter and reporter for the regional news programme BBC South Today , and a reporter for BBC News .
Edwin S. Hinckley ( July 21 , 1868 -- November 15 , 1929 ) was one of only two men to hold the position of counselor to the president of Brigham Young University .
Charles Kurzman is a Professor of Sociology at University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill who specializes in Middle East and Islamic studies .
Thorleif Enger ( born 31 October 1943 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and was Chief Executive Officer of Yara International .
Thomas Dublin is an American historian , editor and professor at Binghamton University .
Donald Cary Williams ( 28 May 1899 - -16 January 1983 ) was an American philosopher and a professor at both the University of California Los Angeles and at Harvard University ( from 1939 to 1967 ) .
Henry Wechsler is a lecturer at the School of Public Health at Harvard University and was principal investigator of the College Alcohol Study .
1949 was also the year in which Friedrich Eisenkolb was appointed Professor for Materials sciences at the Dresden University of Technology .
Richard M. Weiner ( born 6 February 1930 ) is a professor of theoretical physics at the University of Marburg in Marburg , Germany and an associate of the Laboratoire de Physique Théorique at Paris - Sud 11 University in Orsay , France .
Marc Shell , born 1947 in Montreal , is a Canadian literary critic , currently Irving Babbitt Professor of Comparative Literature and Professor of English at Harvard University .
Asad Ahmad is a BBC journalist and news presenter .
Sasha Costanza - Chock is a communications scholar who works at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Izumi Nakamitsu ( born 1963 ) is the Assistant Administrator and Director of the Crisis Response Unit of the United Nations Development Programme .
Ramamurti Shankar ( born April 28 , 1947 ) is the John Randolph Huffman Professor of Physics at Yale University , in New Haven , Connecticut .
Jolyon Brettingham Smith ( 9 September 1949 -- 17 May 2008 ) was a British composer , conductor , performer , author , and radio presenter , and a university teacher at the Berlin University of the Arts .
Sergio Román Othón Serna Saldívar is a full time professor and researcher with the Monterrey Institute of Technology and Higher Education ( Tec de Monterrey ) who specializes in food science .
Sharanjit Leyl ( pronunciation : /ˌʃərˈənˌdʒɪt ˈleɪl/ ) is a Singaporean producer / presenter , with BBC World News .
Alan Dowty ( born January 15 , 1940 ) is an American author and Professor of Political Science Emeritus , University of Notre Dame .
C. S. Giscombe ( born 1950 Dayton , Ohio ) is an African - American poet , essayist , and professor of English at University of California , Berkeley .
Dr. Herbert W. Schooling ( November 5 , 1912 -- April 1987 ) was an American educator and former chancellor of the University of Missouri in Columbia , Missouri .
Reza Iravani ( in Persian : رضا ایروانی ) is a professor in the Edward S. Rogers Sr . Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of Toronto .
Joshua Landy is the Andrew B. Hammond Professor in French Language , Literature and Civilization at Stanford University .
Angela Trusty is an African American columnist for the Deseret News and The Washington Times .
Neil Funk ( born December 29 , 1946 ) is the current television play - by - play announcer for the National Basketball Association 's Chicago Bulls .
Keith Porteous Wood ( born 1948 ) is the Executive Director , formerly General Secretary , of the National Secular Society in the United Kingdom , a position he has held since 1996 .
Hjalmar Broch ( 19 July 1882 -- 6 August 1969 ) was a Norwegian zoologist and university professor at the University of Oslo ( 1937 - -1952 ) .
Mary Ann Doane ( born 1952 ) is the Class of 1937 Professor of Film and Media at the University of California , Berkeley and was previously the George Hazard Crooker Professor of Modern Culture and Media at Brown University .
Manoj Pant , Professor , Jawaharlal Nehru University Centre for International Trade and Development Manoj Pant is an Indian expert in International Trade .
Rosalie Lamorlière ( Rosalie Lamorliere in English ; March 3rd , 1768 - 1848 ) was the last servant of Marie Antoinette , while the queen was in the Conciergerie , awaiting her trial and execution .
Alfred Prettyman is currently a professor at the Ramapo College of New Jersey .
F. Suzanne Jenniches ( born 1949 ) is an American engineer who served from April 2 , 2003 to 2010 as the Vice President and General Manager of Government Systems Division of Northrop Grumman Corp. 's Electronic Systems sector .
Paul Rabinow ( born June 21 , 1944 ) is Professor of Anthropology at the University of California ( Berkeley ) , Director of the Anthropology of the Contemporary Research Collaboratory ( ARC ) , and former Director of Human Practices for the Synthetic Biology Engineering Research Center ( SynBERC ) .
Klaus Scholder ( January 12 , 1930 -- April 10 , 1985 ) was a German ecclesiastical historian , professor of history at the Eberhard Karls University of Tübingen university .
Yaroslav Senyshyn , also known as Slava , is a Canadian pianist , author , and professor of philosophy of music aesthetics , philosophy and moral education at Simon Fraser University 's Faculty of Education .
Firuz Kazemzadeh ( born October 27 , 1924 , Moscow , USSR ) is a professor emeritus of history at Yale University .
Theron S. Copeland ( July 30 , 1831 -- July 8 , 1905 ) was an American law enforcement officer and police captain with the New York City Police Department .
James A. Gross ( born 1933 ) is an American educator and historian who teaches United States labor law and labor history at the Cornell University School of Industrial and Labor Relations .
Nicholas John Bennett , CB ( born 30 September 1948 ) is Director - General of Strategic Technologies at the Ministry of Defence ( UK ) .
Catherine Brekus is Professor of Religions in America and the History of Christianity in the Divinity School of the University of Chicago , where she is also associate faculty in the History Department .
Adam Galos ( 22 July 1924 -- 11 April 2013 ) was a Polish historian and professor at University of Wrocław .
Karen Wynn ( born December 18 , 1962 ) is a Canadian and American Professor of Psychology and Cognitive Science at Yale University .
Freda Adler ( born 1934 ) is a criminologist and educator , currently serving as Professor Emeritus at Rutgers University and a visiting Professor at the University of Pennsylvania .
Colin Philip Lowrie ( born 20 June 1936 ) is an English television actor , best known for playing Dennis Tanner in the long - running ITV soap opera Coronation Street , from the programme 's inception in 1960 until 1968 , and again from 2011 until 2014 .
Seth Benardete ( April 4 , 1930 -- November 14 , 2001 ) was an American classicist and philosopher , long a member of the faculties of New York University and The New School .
Christine Welsh is a Métis Canadian filmmaker , feminist and associate professor at the University of Victoria .
Jenny Saffran is a Professor of Psychology at the University of Wisconsin , Madison .
Norddeutscher Rundfunk Station Manager Jobst Plog said , that Jürgen Roland `` ( ... ) belonged to the ranks of young radio reporter , who contributed after the war to the legendary reputation of the then NWDR . ''
Joseph H. Eberly ( born 1935 ) is the Andrew Carnegie Professor of Physics and Professor of Optics at the University of Rochester .
David Delano Clark ( February 10 , 1924 -- December 22 , 1997 ) was a nuclear physicist best known for his work at Cornell University building nuclear reactors and using them to perform neutron activation analysis .
Lois B. DeFleur ( born June 25 , 1936 ) was president of Binghamton University from 1990 to 2010 .
David H. Pinkney ( 1914 - -1993 ) was a renowned scholar in French history , author , and emeritus professor of History at the University of Washington from 1967 until his retirement in 1984 .
John William Kendrick ( October 14 , 1853 - February 16 , 1924 ) was chief engineer , general manager and vice - president of the Northern Pacific Railway and later vice - chairman of the board of the Atchison , Topeka and Santa Fe Railway .
Charles Edward Borden ; also Carl Borden ; ( 15 May 1905 -- 25 December 1978 ) was an American - Canadian professor of archaeology at the University of British Columbia and the author of seminal works on archaeology , pre - history and pre - contact history .
Richard Packard is an American physicist , a professor at the University of California , Berkeley , known for having built the first quantum gyroscope with his colleagues .
Todd Hasak - Lowy is a writer and Assistant Professor of Hebrew Literature at the University of Florida that has a PHD from Berkeley .
Esther Duflo ( French : ( dyflo ) ; born 25 October 1972 ) is a French economist , Co - Founder and Director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab ( J - PAL ) , and Professor of Poverty Alleviation and Development Economics at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Tom Dillehay is an American anthropologist who is the Rebecca Webb Wilson University Distinguished Professor of Anthropology , Religion , and Culture and Professor of Anthropology at Vanderbilt University .
Michael L. Good is the 9th Dean of the University of Florida College of Medicine .
Envera Selimović , a national of Bosnia and Herzegovina , is the United Nations Department of Public Information Representative in Azerbaijan .
Richard Amasino is a professor of biochemistry and genetics at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
Colette Inez ( born 1931 ) is an American poet and a faculty member at Columbia University 's Undergraduate Writing Program .
Duncan McCargo is Professor of Political Science at the University of Leeds .
Jonathan Petropoulos ( born January 10 , 1961 ) is an American historian who writes about National Socialism and , in particular , the fate of art looted during World War II . He is John V. Croul Professor of European History at Claremont McKenna College in Claremont , California .
André Gagné is an Associate Professor of Early Christian History and Literature at Concordia University in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Chinedum Osuji ( born December 15 , 1976 ) is a former Taekwando olympian and current professor of chemical and environmental engineering at Yale University .
Catherine Breillat ( French : ( bʁɛja ) ; born 13 July 1948 ) is a French filmmaker , novelist and Professor of Auteur Cinema at the European Graduate School .
Sonu Shamdasani ( born 1962 ) is a London - based author , editor , and professor at University College London .
The personal papers of Joaquín Nin - Culmell are preserved in the Biblioteca de Catalunya and the University of California ( Berkeley ) .
Vivette Glover ( born 1942 ) is a British Professor of Perinatal Psychobiology at Imperial College London .
Jim Lanzone ( born January 20 , 1971 ) is an American businessman and the current president and CEO of CBS Interactive , which operates key websites including CNET , CBS.com , GameSpot , CBS News , Metacritic , CBS Sports , Chow , MaxPreps.com and TV.com .
Murray Fromson ( born 1929 in The Bronx , New York City ) is a former CBS correspondent and professor emeritus at University of Southern California 's School of Journalism , and Center on Public Diplomacy .
Mihir Bellare is a cryptographer and professor at the University of California , San Diego .
Nancy Felson is a Professor of Classics at the University of Georgia .
Frank I. Marcus is an American cardiologist and Emeritus Professor of Medicine at the University of Arizona Health Sciences Center , the author of more than 290 publications in peer - reviewed medical journals and of 90 book chapters .
Robert Absalom Thom ( 14 June 1873 - 2 November 1955 ) was the final Locomotive , Carriage and Wagon Superintendent of the Lancashire , Derbyshire and East Coast Railway , and became a key figure in the locomotive departments of the company 's successors , the Great Central Railway and the London & North Eastern Railway .
Ernest Wallace ( June 11 , 1906 -- November 17 , 1985 ) was an historian of Texas , the American West and the southern Great Plains , who was affiliated with Texas Tech University in Lubbock .
Carl Kesselman is an Institute Fellow at the University of Southern California 's Information Sciences Institute and a Professor in the Epstein Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering , also at the University of Southern California .
Reinhard Dallinger ( born 2 April 1950 in Laives , South Tyrol ) is an Austrian zoologist and professor of zoology and ecotoxicology at the University of Innsbruck .
Erman Louie Clay ( né Erman Louie Crew , Jr. ) is an American professor emeritus of English at Rutgers University .
Judith M. LeBlanc is head consultant of the Centro Ann Sullivan del Perú .
Ayyalusamy Ramamoorthy is a professor of biophysics at the University of Michigan , Ann Arbor .
Jorge Reina Schement , Ph.D. , is the current dean of the School of Communication , Information and Library Studies ( Rutgers University ) ( SCILS ) .
Jodi Magness ( born September 19 , 1956 ) is the Kenan Distinguished Professor for Teaching Excellence in Early Judaism at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Martin S. Bergmann ( February 15 , 1913 -- January 22 , 2014 ) was a clinical professor of psychology of the New York University post - doctoral program where he taught the course on the history of psychoanalysis .
Uta Frith , DBE ( Hon ) , FRS , FBA , FMedSci ( née Aurnhammer ; born 25 May 1941 ) is a German developmental psychologist working at the Institute of Cognitive Neuroscience at University College London .
Markus F. Peschl ( born 1965 ) is an Austrian philosopher of mind , philosopher of science and cognitive scientist , and professor for Cognitive Science and Philosophy of Science at the University of Vienna , Austria .
Elizabeth S. Anderson ( 5 December 1959 ) , is Arthur F. Thurnau Professor and John Dewey Distinguished University Professor of Philosophy and Women 's Studies at the University of Michigan and is a notable American philosopher specializing in moral and political philosophy .
Saul Levmore ( born 1953 ) is the William B. Graham Distinguished Service Professor of Law , and former Dean of the University of Chicago Law School .
Lisa Raphals ( born 1951 ) is an American professor of Chinese and comparative literature at University of California , Riverside , and of philosophy at the National University of Singapore .
Jeff Fager ( born December 10 , 1954 ) is the former Chairman of CBS News and the current Executive Producer of 60 Minutes , the hour - long CBS news magazine created in 1968 .
August - Wilhelm Scheer ( born July 27 , 1941 ) is a German Professor of business administration and business information at the Saarland University , and founder and director of IDS Scheer AG , a major IT service and software company .
Scott Plous is an academic social psychologist , currently working as a Professor of Psychology at the Department of Psychology , Wesleyan University .
Sue - Ellen Case ( born 1942 ) is Professor and Chair of Critical Studies in the Theatre Department in the School of Theater Film and Television at the University of California , Los Angeles .
Michael Hollingshead was a British researcher in psychedelic drugs and hallucinogens including psilocybin and lysergic acid diethylamide , among others , at Harvard University in the mid - twentieth century .
Ed Fries is the former vice president of game publishing at Microsoft during much of the Xbox 's lifecycle .
Víctor Andrés Belaúnde Diez Canseco ( 15 December 1883 , Arequipa , Peru -- 14 December 1966 , New York City ) was a Peruvian diplomat who chaired the Fourteenth session and the fourth emergency special session of the United Nations General Assembly ( 1959 - -1960 ) .
Harry Perretta ( born July 22 , 1955 ) is the head coach of the women 's basketball team at Villanova University .
Bertrand Harris Bronson ( 1902 -- March 14 , 1986 ) was an American academic and professor in the English department at the University of California , Berkeley .
Dana D. Nelson is a professor of English at Vanderbilt University and a prominent progressive advocate for citizenship and democracy .
Kai - Ming Ho is a Senior Physicist at Ames Laboratory and distinguished Professor in Department of Physics and Astronomy at Iowa State University .
Carsten Bresch ( born September 5 , 1921 ) is a German physicist , geneticist and professor emeritus at the University of Freiburg ( Faculty of Biology ) .
Raymundo Almanza Morales ( alias El Gori III ) is a Mexican drug lord of Los Zetas .
Nancy Bernstein ( September 10 , 1960 -- September 18 , 2015 ) was an American visual effects producer at Digital Domain and later Head of Production at DreamWorks Animation .
Michael J. Padilla is the former Director of the Eugene T. Moore School of Education and Associate Dean of EC at Clemson University , from Spring 2007 until July 2012 .
Steven Shafer is a professor of anesthesiology at Stanford University .
Pamela Samuelson is the Richard M. Sherman ' 74 Distinguished Professor of Law and Information Management at the University of California , Berkeley with a joint appointment in the UC Berkeley School of Information and Boalt Hall , the School of Law .
Lucia Liljegren is an American mechanical engineer who has worked at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory ( on projects related to remediation and storage of radioactive waste ) and as an Assistant Professor in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at Iowa State University .
Mark Lucovsky is an American software developer who worked for Microsoft and who is now employed by VMware as Vice President of Engineering in charge of Cloud Foundry .
Stephen Bann CBE , FBA ( born 1 August 1942 in Manchester , England ) is the Emeritus Professor of History of Art at the University of Bristol .
Lino Pertile ( born 1940 ) is an Italian linguist , Professor of Romance Languages and Literatures at Harvard University and a former House Master of Eliot House .
Edward Richard Shaw ( 1855 - -1903 ) was a Professor and Dean , New York University , and author of numerous books , primarily children 's schoolbooks .
Ram Samudrala is a professor of computational biology and bioinformatics at the State University of New York in Buffalo , and formerly at the University of Washington in Seattle , USA .
Baldev Raj Nayar is Professor Emeritus of Political Science , McGill University , Canada since 1994 .
Terry Yates , a professor at the University of New Mexico , joined an interdisciplinary research team charged with finding the source of the mysterious illness by the National Science Foundation .
Idris Assani is a Beninese and African - American mathematician , who works as a professor of mathematics at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Hom - Lay Wang is a Taiwanese - born periodontist and director of the graduate periodontal program at University of Michigan School of Dentistry .
Fernando Zúñiga ( born January 6 , 1968 ) is a Chilean - Swiss linguist at the University of Bern , where he holds the chair of General Linguistics and works in the fields of linguistic typology and indigenous languages of the Americas , especially Mapudungun and Algonquian languages .
Andrew Tylecote ( 3 January 1946- ) is a British economist based at The University of Sheffield School of Management .
Dwayne Benjamin ( born March 10 , 1961 in Orillia , Ontario ) is a Canadian economist and member of the University of Toronto faculty .
Stephen Todd is a lawyer and a Professor of Law at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch , New Zealand .
Lesley Gill is an author and a professor of anthropology at Vanderbilt University .
Varun Grover ( USA ) ( born 1959 ) is an American Information systems researcher , who is the William S. Lee ( Duke Energy ) Distinguished Professor of Information Systems at Clemson University , where he teaches doctoral seminars on methods and information systems .
Keith Olive is a theoretical physicist , and director at the William I Fine Theoretical Physics Institute , University of Minnesota , specializing in particle physics and cosmology .
Peter Westervelt ( December 16 , 1919 -- January 24 , 2015 ) was an American physicist , noted for his work in nonlinear acoustics , and Professor Emeritus of Physics at Brown University .
Alain Lascoux ( October 17 , 1944 -- October 20 , 2013 ) was a French mathematician at the University of Marne la Vallée and Nankai University .
Paul Kay ( born 1934 in New York ) is an emeritus professor of linguistics at the University of California , Berkeley , United States .
Leonard Mandel ( May 9 , 1927 -- February 9 , 2001 ) was the Lee DuBridge Professor Emeritus of Physics and Optics at the University of Rochester when he died at the age of 73 at his home in Pittsford , New York .
Stella Kübler - Isaacksohn née Goldschlag ( 10 July 1922 -- 1994 ) , was a German Jewish woman who collaborated with the Gestapo during World War II , exposing and denouncing Berlin 's underground Jews .
Linguist Johanna Nichols is a professor emerita on active duty in the Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures at the University of California , Berkeley .
Stefano Losi OMRI ( born 1969 ) is an Italian poet , artist , and United Nations official .
Shirley Ann Jackson FREng ( born August 5 , 1946 ) is an American physicist , and the eighteenth president of the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute .
Colin Murray Turbayne ( 7 February 1916 -- 16 May 2006 ) was an Australian philosopher , who spent most of his academic career at the University of Rochester , where he first had a position in 1957 and became professor emeritus in 1981 .
Diane Ghirardo is a professor of architecture at the University of Southern California .
Robert H. Roy ( 21 November 1906 , Baltimore , Maryland -- 8 October 2000 , Towson , Maryland ) was an American mechanical engineer and the former Dean of Engineering Science at Johns Hopkins University .
Barry Onouye ( born ? ? ? ) is a structural engineer , emeritus faculty member in the Department of Architecture at the University of Washington , and author of multiple textbooks on structural engineering and design .
Joseph Betts was an English mathematician : he held the Savilian Chair of Geometry at the University of Oxford in 1765 .
Amitava Bose is a Professor of Economics at Indian Institute of Management Calcutta .
Nancy Sherman ( born 1951 ) is a Distinguished University Professor and Professor of Philosophy at Georgetown University .
Edward R. Hauser ( August 29 , 1916 -- September 8 , 2014 ) was an American animal scientist who served as professor and chairman of the Department of Meat and Animal Science at University of Wisconsin-- Madison .
Marcus Loew ( May 7 , 1870 -- September 5 , 1927 ) was an American business magnate and a pioneer of the motion picture industry who formed Loews Theatres and Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer ( MGM ) .
Margaret R. Yocom is a folklorist who teaches at George Mason University .
Clifford Leaman is an American classical saxophonist and is an Associate Dean and Professor of Saxophone at the School of Music of the University of South Carolina In January 2008 , Dr. Leaman performed upon invitation at the 31st International Saxophone Symposium with the United States Navy Band .
Dwight B. Heath ( born November 19 , 1930 ) is Research Professor of Anthropology at Brown University in Providence , Rhode Island .
Richard Trexler ( 1932 -- 8 March 2007 ) was a professor of History at the Binghamton University , State University of New York .
De Lamar Jensen was a historian of early modern Europe and a faculty member of the history department at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) .
Louis Monier ( born March 21 , 1956 ) was a founder of the Internet search engine AltaVista .
Emile De Beukelaer ( 21 May 1865 - -21 January 1922 ) was a Belgian road racing cyclist , and the founder and President of the Union Cycliste Internationale ( UCI ) .
Gillian E. Metzger ( born October 2 , 1965 ) is a United States Constitutional Law scholar and a professor of law at Columbia Law School .
Natalie Kononenko is a professor of folklore currently with the University of Alberta .
Nelson Bentley ( 1918 -- 1990 ) was an American poet and professor at the University of Washington in Seattle , whose works have left an impression on the Seattle literary scene .
Cisca Wijmenga ( born 1964 ) is a Dutch professor of Human Genetics at the University of Groningen and the University Medical Center Groningen .
David Brody ( born June 5 , 1930 ) is an American historian , who is professor emeritus of history at the University of California - Davis .
Sonia Gardner is an American hedge fund manager and the co - founder of Avenue Capital Group .
Catherine Wessinger is a professor of religious studies at Loyola University New Orleans with a main research focus on millennialism , new religions , women and religion and religions of India .
Petrus Hofstede de Groot ( 8 October 1802 - 5 December 1886 ) , Dutch theologian , was born at Leer in East Friesland , and was educated at the Gymnasium and University of Groningen .
Chrissie Reidy ( born 12 March 1973 in Birmingham ) is an English journalist and presenter , employed by BBC South East .
Farhad Rahbar ( Persian : فرهاد رهبر‎ , born 1959 in Semnan ) is an Iranian economist , academic and the former Chancellor of University of Tehran .
Feng Zhang ( born 1982 ) is the W. M. Keck Career Development Professor of Biomedical Engineering in the departments of Brain and Cognitive Sciences and Biological Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Mohamed Habib Gherab ( 8 May 1926 -- 17 March 2011 ) ( Arabic : محمد الحبيب غراب‎ ) was a United Nations Under Secretary - General , Tunisian diplomat and senior government official .
Eugen Dieth studied General Linguistics , English and German at the University of Zurich and the University of Geneva .
Stephen Haddrill is Chief Executive Officer of the Financial Reporting Council ( FRC ) in the United Kingdom .
Patrik Rorsman FRS FMedSci is Professor of Diabetic Medicine at the Oxford Centre for Diabetes , Endocrinology and Metabolism ( OCDEM ) , in the Radcliffe Department of Medicine at the University of Oxford and a fellow of Harris Manchester College , Oxford .
Dong Zhiming ( Chinese : 董枝明 , Pinyin : Dǒng Zhimíng ; born January 1937 ) , of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology ( IVPP ) in Beijing , is a Chinese vertebrate paleontologist .
Richard Wurtman , M.D. , is the Cecil H. Green Distinguished Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and a Professor of Neuroscience in MIT 's Department of Brain & Cognitive Sciences , and of Neuropharmacology in the Harvard --
Michael S. Sherry is an American historian , and professor of history at Northwestern University .
Peter Blair Henry , an economist , is the ninth Dean of New York University 's Leonard N. Stern School of Business , and William R. Berkley Professor of Economics and Business , and author of TURNAROUND :
Johanna Wolf ( 1 June 1900 -- 5 June 1985 ) was Adolf Hitler 's chief secretary .
Princess Pilar of Bavaria ( Maria del Pilar Eulalia Antonia Isabella Ludovika Franziska Josepha Rita Euphrasia von Wittelsbach , princess of Bavaria ) ( March 13 , 1891 -- January 29 , 1987 ) was the only daughter of Prince Ludwig Ferdinand of Bavaria and his wife Infanta Maria de la Paz of Spain .
Augustus Dickens was the son of John Dickens , a clerk in the Navy Pay Office at Portsmouth , and his wife , Elizabeth ( née Barrow ) .
Samuel Wilberforce FRS ( 7 September 1805 -- 19 July 1873 ) was an English bishop in the Church of England , third son of William Wilberforce .
Anthony Janszoon van Salee ( 1607 - -1676 ) was the son of Jan Janszoon , a Dutch pirate who led the Republic of Salé , a pirate state in modern Morocco .
Charles the Twelfth 's sire , Voltaire was a successful racehorse who won the Doncaster Cup in 1829 .
Prince Xhelal Bey Zogu ( 14 May 1881 in Castle Burgajet , Albania -- 1944 in Turkey ) was a son of Xhemal Pasha Zogu ( c. 1860 - -1911 ) and Melek Zogu ( ? --1884 ) .
Poldowski was the professional pseudonym of a Belgian - born British composer and pianist born Régine Wieniawski ( 16 May 1879 -- 28 January 1932 ) , the daughter of the Polish violinist and composer Henryk Wieniawski .
Bradford Knapp was born in Vinton , Iowa on December 24 , 1870 to Seaman A. Knapp .
Gottlieb Muffat ( April 1690 -- 9 December 1770 ) , son of Georg Muffat , served as Hofscholar under Johann Fux in Vienna from 1711 and was appointed to the position of third court organist at the Hofkapelle in 1717 .
Anya Camilleri is the daughter of the late Maltese composer Charles Camilleri .
Abantidas ( in Greek Ἀβαντίδας ) , the son of Paseas , became tyrant of the ancient Greek city - state of Sicyon after murdering Cleinias , the father of Aratus , 264 BC . After the assassination , Abantidas had the remaining friends and relations of Cleinias banished or put to death ;
John Dudley , 2nd Earl of Warwick , KB ( 1527 ( ? ) -- 21 October 1554 ) was an English nobleman and the heir of John Dudley , 1st Duke of Northumberland , leading minister and regent under Edward VI of England from 1550 - -1553 .
Gerald Fitzgerald , Lord of Offaly ( died 1204 ) , was the son of Maurice FitzGerald , Lord of Lanstephan .
Anita Peabody 's sire was Luke McLuke , winner of the 1914 Belmont Stakes and a son of the important but unraced Ultimus , who had been sired by Commando .
Ivan Albright and his identical twin brother , Malvin , were born near Chicago in North Harvey , Illinois , to Adam Emory Albright and Clara Wilson Albright .
Laoshang Chanyu ( Chinese : 老上單于 , r. 174 - -160 BCE ) , whose proper name was Jizhu ( Chinese : 稽粥 ) , was a Chanyu of the Xiongnu , the successor to Modu Chanyu ( 冒頓單于 ) .
Jim Ankan Deka was born in Guwahati , Assam on 1 June 1980 , to Assamese writer - couple Prof Bhabananda Deka and Nalini Prava Deka .
Ashur - nadin - ahhe II ( Aššur - nādin - ahhē II ) was king of Assyria from 1393 to 1383 BC . Preceded by Ashur - rim - nisheshu , he is considered to be the last king of the Old Assyrian Period .
Sir Slick ( foaled 2001 ) is a bay gelding Thoroughbred racehorse by Volksraad from the Paris Opera mare Miss Opera .
Jocelyn Burton was born in Wales in 1946 and is the daughter of RAF officer Roland ( Monty ) Burton .
Princess Maria Felicita of Savoy ( 19 March 1730 -- 13 May 1801 ) ) was a princess of the House of Savoy , the third daughter of Charles Emmanuel III of Sardinia and his second wife , Polyxena of Hesse - Rotenburg .
Dietrich III of Limburg , count of Limburg zu Stirum ( fl . 1347 - -1391 ) , son of Johann of Limburg .
Joel Goldsmith was born on November 19 , 1957 in Los Angeles , California , the third of four children of Sharon ( née Hennagin ) , a singer , and renowned composer Jerry Goldsmith .
Adriano Giannini ( born 10 May 1971 ) is an Italian actor , son of Giancarlo Giannini .
Webb Seymour , 10th Duke of Somerset ( 3 December 1718 in Easton , Wiltshire -- 15 December 1793 in Maiden Bradley , Warminster , Wiltshire ) was the son of Edward Seymour , 8th Duke of Somerset and Mary Webb .
Anne - Sophie Pic is the daughter of chef Jacques Pic , and grew up at her family 's restaurant , Maison Pic . Her grandfather , Andre Pic , was also a chef , who was particularly known for a crayfish gratin dish , and who first gained the restaurant three Michelin stars in 1934 .
Adelaide of Tours ( c.820-c.866 ) was a daughter of Hugh of Tours and his wife Bava .
The son of illustrator and animator Gene Deitch , Kim Deitch has sometimes worked with his brothers Simon Deitch and Seth Deitch .
Mauricio Macri was born in Tandil , in the province of Buenos Aires , son of the Italian - born tycoon Francisco Macri and Alicia Blanco Villegas , a woman of Spanish descent .
Thetis ( /ˈθɛtɪs/ ; Greek : Θέτις ( tʰétis ) ) , is encountered in Greek mythology mostly as a sea nymph or known as the goddess of water , one of the 50 Nereids , daughters of the ancient sea god Nereus .
Hostilian was born in Sirmium ( now Sremska Mitrovica , Serbia ) in Illyricum sometime after 230 , as the son of the future emperor Decius by his wife Herennia Cupressenia Etruscilla .
Lee Hendrie is the son of Scottish former professional footballer Paul Hendrie .
Sofia Andrukhovych was born in Ivano - Frankivsk , the daughter of Yuri Andrukhovych .
Like his father Wang Tingcou , Wang Yuankui ruled Chengde Circuit ( 成德 , headquartered in modern Shijiazhuang , Hebei ) in de facto independence from the imperial government , but unlike Wang Tingcou , he was respectful to the imperial government and often followed its orders .
Dalfi d'Alvernha was the son of William VII the Young of Auvergne , Count of Clermont , and of Jeanne de Calabre .
Daylami 's sire , Doyoun , won the 2,000 Guineas and finished third in the Derby , before a stud career in which he produced the winners of over two hundred races .
Kanellos Deligiannis ( Greek : Κανέλλος Δεληγιάννης ; 1780 - -1862 ) was a Greek magnate from the Morea and the son of Ioannis Deligiannis .
Grand Duke Sergei Alexandrovich of Russia ( Сергей Александрович ; May 11 , 1857 -- February 17 , 1905 ) was a son of Emperor Alexander II of Russia .
Juan de Zurbarán was born in Llerena , Badajoz , the son of Francisco de Zurbarán ( 1598 - 1664 ) , and joined in the workshop that his father owned in Seville , with which it is likely they collaborated on different paintings , including the Still Life with Jug and Cups .
Zhen Zhen , ( Chinese : 珍珍 ) , pronounced ' jun jun ' ( born August 3 , 2007 ) is a female giant panda born to Bai Yun and Gao Gao at the San Diego Zoo .
Bred in Kentucky by Robert C. Sims , Hawkster was sired by Silver Hawk and out of the mare , Strait Lane .
Boria Sax was born in 1949 to Saville Sax .
King Xiang of Wei ( Chinese : 魏襄王 ) ( died 296 BC ) , personal name Wei Si ( Chinese : 魏嗣 ) , was king of Wei ( state ) from 318 BC to 296 BC . He was the son of King Hui of Wei .
Silver Swallow is a thoroughbred race horse by Alphabet Soup ( Cozzene ) out of Topsom ( Red Ransom ) who is known for her coat coloration , a nearly white dappled grey , as well as her repeated second - place finishes in several prominent stakes races in the Southern California racing circuit .
Sophia Sidney , Baroness De L'Isle and Dudley ( née FitzClarence ; 4 March 1795 -- 10 April 1837 ) was the eldest illegitimate daughter of William IV of the United Kingdom and his longtime mistress Dorothea Jordan .
Edmund de la Pole , 3rd Duke of Suffolk , 6th Earl of Suffolk , KG ( 1471/1472 -- 30 April 1513 ) , Duke of Suffolk , was a son of John de la Pole , 2nd Duke of Suffolk and his wife Elizabeth of York .
Jérôme Badini is son of Gérard Badini , a sax player and conductor who worked with Duke Ellington , Stan Getz and Dee Dee Bridgewater , among others , and grandson of an opera singer at La Scala .
Vojislav Ilić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Војислав Илић ) ( 14 April 1860 , Belgrade -- 21 January 1894 , Belgrade ) was a 19th - century Serbian poet of finely chiselled verse , son of the Romanticist playwright and poet Jovan Ilić .
Alexander Stewart , Duke of Albany ( c. 1454 -- 7 August 1485 ) , was the second surviving son of King James II of Scotland and his wife , Mary of Gueldres .
Harald Kesja , Harald the Spear , ( 1080 - -1135 ) was the son of Eric I of Denmark and anti - king of Denmark .
Tulsi Gabbard was born in Leloaloa , American Samoa , the fourth of five children of Mike Gabbard and Carol Porter Gabbard .
Out of the mare Polar Queen , a granddaughter of Danzig , Collier Hill was sired by the 1992 Epsom Derby winner , Dr Devious .
Eurypon , otherwise called Eurytion ( Greek : Εὐρυπῶν , Εὐρυτίων ) , son of Soos and grandson of Procles , was the third king of that house at Sparta , and thenceforward gave it the name of Eurypontidae .
Helen Butler ( died 28 January 1631 ) , also known as the Honorable Helen Butler , was the daughter of Edmund Butler , 2nd Viscount Mountgarret and Grizel FitzPatrick .
Constantine Lekapenos or Lecapenus ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Λακαπηνός ) was the third son of the Byzantine emperor Romanos I Lekapenos ( r. 920 - -944 ) , and co - emperor from 924 to 945 .
Elizabeth Capell , Countess of Essex ( 1 December 1636 -- 5 February 1718 ; née Percy ) was an English noblewoman , the daughter of Algernon Percy , 10th Earl of Northumberland .
Perfect Drift is a bay gelding sired by the leading stallion Dynaformer , out of the Naskra mare Nice Gal . Perfect Drift was owned by Stonecrest Farm and bred by Kansas City heart surgeon Dr. William A. Reed ( owner of Stonecrest ) .
Julia Strachey ( August 14 , 1901 -- 1979 ) was an English writer , born in Allahabad , India , where her father , Oliver Strachey , the elder brother of Lytton Strachey , was a civil servant .
Vologases VI of Parthia ( Parthian : Walagash , Persian : بلاش‎‎ , Balāsh ) succeeded his father Vologases V of Parthia ( 191 - -208 ) to the throne of the Parthian Empire in 208 .
Regal Rose is a `` tall , scopey '' bay mare with a white star bred and owned by the Newmarket - based Cheveley Park Stud . She was sired by Danehill , a sprinter who won the Cork and Orrery Stakes and Haydock Sprint Cup in 1989 .
Chiang Hsiao - chang ( Chinese : 蔣孝章 ; pinyin : Jiǎng xiào zhāng ; 1938 -- ) is the only daughter of Chiang Ching - kuo , the President of the Republic of China in Taiwan from 1978 to 1988 .
Sired by Green Dancer , 1991 's leading sire in France and a son of English Triple Crown champion , Nijinsky , Eishin Preston 's damsire Monteverdi was the son of Lyphard , who , like Nijinsky , was a son of Northern Dancer .
Adandozan took over from his father Agonglo in 1797 but was quite young at the time and so there was a regent in charge of the kingdom until 1804 .
Mille - Marie Treschow is the daughter of estate owner Gerhard Aage Treschow ( 1923 - -2001 ) and Nanna , née Meidell ( born 1926 ) .
Thomas de Beaumont , 6th Earl of Warwick ( 1208 -- 26 June 1242 ) , Earl of Warwick , Baron of Hocknorton ( Hook Norton ) and Hedenton , was the son of Henry de Beaumont , 5th Earl of Warwick and Margaret D'Oili .
Born in Wuxi , Qian Zhongshu was the son of Qian Jibo ( T : 錢基博 , S : 钱基博 ) , a conservative Confucian scholar .
The son of Hou Baolin , a master of Guo Degang , Hou Yaowen became a xiangsheng actor in 1960 .
Born on 14 February 1941 in Dihua ( now Urumqi ) , Mao Yuanxin is the son of Mao Zemin , a younger brother of Mao Zedong .
John Venn was born on 4 August 1834 in Kingston upon Hull , Yorkshire to Martha Sykes and Rev. Henry Venn , who was the rector of the parish of Drypool .
( Henry ) Vincent Meredith was born in London , Ontario , the fifth son of John Walsingham Cooke Meredith and Sarah Pegler .
Margaret of France , Duchess of Berry ( French : Marguerite de Valois ) ( 5 June 1523 -- 15 September 1574 ) was the daughter of King Francis I of France and Claude , Duchess of Brittany .
Carl Ludwig II , Prince of Hohenlohe - Langenburg ( German : Karl Ludwig Wilhelm Leopold Fürst zu Hohenlohe - Langenburg ; 25 October 1829 -- 16 May 1907 ) was the eldest son of Ernst I , Prince of Hohenlohe - Langenburg .
The Order of the Sword ( Officially Royal Order of the Sword Swedish Kungliga Svärdsorden ) is a Swedish order of chivalry created by King Frederick I of Sweden on February 23 , 1748 , together with the Order of the Seraphim and the Order of the Polar Star .
Pixel Press is an American video game development company with headquarters in St. Louis .
Punky Meadows grew up in Washington , D.C. , the oldest of four boys , in the Barnaby Terrace neighborhood which produced guitar legends Danny Gatton , Roy Clark , and Link Wray .
Ningombam Bupenda Meitei ( born 6 April 1987 ) is an Indian writer , essayist and poet in English and Manipuri languages .
Sanjay Kapoor made his debut in Hindi cinema in 1995 with the movie Prem opposite another newcomer Tabu .
Jacek Dukaj ( born 30 July 1974 in Tarnów , Poland ) is a Polish science fiction writer .
Francesco Bonami ( b. Florence , 1955 ) is an Italian art curator and writer who is currently Honorary Director of Fondazione Sandretto Re Rebaudengo in Turin .
Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli ( 1397 -- 10 May 1482 ) was an Italian astronomer , mathematician , and cosmographer .
Thomas Thiemeyer ( born 1963 ) is a German illustrator and writer .
Dumitru Georgescu Kiriac ( 18 March 1866 -- 8 January 1928 ) was a Romanian composer , conductor , and ethnomusicologist .
Giulio Cesare Croce ( 1550 - -1609 ) was an Italian writer , actor / producer of cantastoria and enigma writer .
Angelo Mai ( Latin Angelus Maius ; March 7 , 1782 - -September 8 , 1854 ) was an Italian Cardinal and philologist .
Sandro Gozi is an Italian politician and Member of the Parliament of Italy .
Heidi Hassenmüller is a German author who writes young adult literature .
Benjamin Olinde Rodrigues ( 6 October 1795 -- 17 December 1851 ) , more commonly known as Olinde Rodrigues , was a French banker , mathematician , and social reformer .
Piero del Pollaiolo ( c. 1443 -- 1496 ) , also known as Piero Benci , was an Italian Renaissance painter from Florence .
Maria Adelaide Aglietta ( 4 June 1940 -- 20 May 2000 ) was an Italian politician , deputy for the Radical Party between 1979 and 1985 ( when she resigned ) and 1987 to 1989 .
Jogesh Das ( Assamese : যোগেশ দাস ; 1 April 1927 -- 9 September 1999 ) is an eminent short - story writer as well as a novelist from Assam .
Birgitta Stenberg ( 26 April 1932 -- 23 August 2014 ) was a Swedish author , translator and illustrator .
Amado Boudou ( Spanish pronunciation : ( aˈmaðo βuˈðu ) ; born 19 November 1962 ) is an Argentine businessman and government policy maker who served as the 35th Vice President of Argentina from 2011 to 2015 .
Giovanni Giolitti ( Italian pronunciation : ( dʒoˈvanni dʒoˈlitti ) ; October 27 , 1842 -- July 17 , 1928 ) was an Italian statesman .
Sathish Krishnan is an Indian film actor and choreographer , who has worked in Tamil films .
François - Henri d'Harcourt ( 12 January 1726 -- 22 July 1802 ) was Count Lillebonne , a French general , duke and peer of France .
Nicholas Hardinge ( 1699 - -1758 ) was an English civil servant , clerk to the House of Commons from 1731 to 1752 and then Secretary to the Treasury , and a Member of Parliament known also as a neo - Latin poet .
Seyyed Mohammad Khatami ( Persian : سید محمد خاتمی‎‎ , pronounced ( sejˈjed mohæmˈmæde xɒːtæˈmiː ) ; born 29 September 1943 ) is an Iranian scholar , Shia theologian , and reformist politician .
Mohamed Hechmi Hamdi ( Tunisian Arabic : محمد الهاشمي الحامدي‎ ) , also spelled Mohamed el Hachmi El - Hamdi , Hechmi Haamdi , or Hachmi Hamdi is a Tunisian journalist , media entrepreneur and politician , who lives in London .
Eleftherios Stavridis or Lefteris Stavridis ( Greek : Ελευθέριος or Λευτέρης Σταυρίδης ; 1893 - -1966 ) was a Greek journalist and politician .
Jean Pierre Edmond Jurien de La Gravière ( 19 November 1812 in Brest , Finistère -- 5 March 1892 ) was a French admiral , son of Admiral Pierre Roch Jurien de La Gravière , who served through the Revolutionary and Napoleonic wars and was a peer of France under Louis - Philippe .
Ernst Glaeser ( 29 July 1902 -- 8 February 1963 ) was a German author , known for his best - selling pacifist novel Jahrgang 1902 ( `` Born in 1902 '' ) .
Jean - Pierre Gibert ( 1660 - -1736 ) was a French canon lawyer .
Jenő Manninger ( born 1955 ) is a Hungarian architect and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Keszthely ( Zala County Constituency III then II ) since 2002 .
Muiris Ó Fithcheallaigh , or Maurice O'Fihely , in Latin Mauritius de Portu Hibernicus or Mauritius Hibernicus ; c. 1460 --
Maurice Cossmann , full name Alexandre Édouard Maurice Cossmann ( 18 September 1850 -- 17 May 1924 ) was a French paleontologist and malacologist .
Liang Shuming ( Chinese : 梁漱溟 ; pinyin : Liáng Shùmíng , Wade - Giles Liang Shu - ming ; sometimes Liang Sou - ming ) , October 18 , 1893 --
Roger Guérin ( 9 January 1926 , Saarbrücken -- 6 February 2010 , Nîmes ) was a French jazz trumpeter and singer .
Karl Christian Friedrich Krause ( May 6 , 1781 -- September 27 , 1832 ) was a German philosopher , born at Eisenberg , in Saxe - Gotha - Altenburg .
Sami Michael ( Hebrew : סמי מיכאל‎ , Arabic : سامي ميخائيل‎ ; born August 15 , 1926 ) is an Israeli author .
Thomas Sturge Moore ( 4 March 1870 -- 18 July 1944 ) was an English poet , author and artist .
Ġużè Galea ( 18 July 1901 -- 26 March 1978 ) was a doctor and a Maltese author .
Olivier Costa de Beauregard ( Paris , 6 November 1911 -- Poitiers , 5 February 2007 ) was a French relativistic and quantum physicist , and philosopher of science .
Jean - François Foucquet , also Jean - François Fouquet ( 12 March 1665 -- 14 March 1741 ) , was a Burgundy French Jesuit , bishop and scientist who was active in the Jesuit China missions for 22 years .
Hélia Correia ( born 1949 ) is a Portuguese novelist , playwright , poet and translator .
Erasmus Finx ( November 16 , 1627 -- December 20 , 1694 ) , aka Erasmus Francisci , was a German Polymath , author and writer of Christian hymns .
Jacques Bernard Hombron ( 1798 - -1852 ) was a French naval surgeon and naturalist .
Louis Billot ( 12 January 1846 in Sierck - les - Bains , Moselle , France -- 18 December 1931 in Ariccia , Latium , Italy ) was a French Jesuit priest and theologian .
Bernard Lorjou ( September 9 , 1908 -- January 26 , 1986 ) was a French painter of Expressionism and a founding member of the anti - abstract art Group `` L'homme Témoin '' .
William Blathwayt ( or Blathwayte ) ( 1649 -- 1717 ) was a civil servant and politician who established the War Office as a department of the British Government and played an important part in administering the English ( later British ) colonies of North America .
Matteo Ricci , S.J. ( Italian : ( matˈtɛo ˈrittʃi ) ; October 6 , 1552 -- May 11 , 1610 ) , was an Italian Jesuit priest and one of the founding figures of the Jesuit China missions .
Arnaud Denjoy ( French : ( dɑ̃ˈʒwa ) ; 1884 - -1974 ) was a French mathematician .
Dr. Richard Mitchell ( April 26 , 1929 -- December 27 , 2002 ) was a professor , first of English and later of classics , at Glassboro State College in Glassboro , New Jersey .
Johannes Secundus ( also Janus Secundus ) ( 15 November 1511 -- 25 September 1536 ) was a New Latin poet of Dutch nationality .
Adolfo Jiménez Castellanos ( 1844 -- January 18 , 1929 ) was a Spanish military man who was the last Spanish Governor General of Cuba .
Susana Medina ( 31 January 1966 ) is an English - Spanish writer .
Francisco Rico Manrique ( born 28 April 1942 , Barcelona ) is a Spanish philologist .
Sir George Clifford , 3rd Earl of Cumberland , KG ( 8 August 1558 -- 30 October 1605 ) was an English peer , naval commander and courtier of Queen Elizabeth I.
Gustaw Przeczek ( Polish pronunciation : ( ˈɡustaf ˈpʂɛt͡ʂɛk ) ; 30 May 1913 -- 21 February 1974 ) was a Polish writer , poet , teacher and activist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Gaston Sébire ( August 18 , 1920 - 2001 ) was a French painter of seascapes , landscapes , still - lifes and flowers .
Aurélio Buarque de Holanda Ferreira ( May 3 , 1910 -- February 28 , 1989 ) was a Brazilian lexicographer , philologist , translator , and writer , best known for editing the Novo Dicionário da Língua Portuguesa , a major dictionary of the Portuguese language .
Siba Shakib ( Persian : زیبا شکیب‎ ) is an Iranian / German filmmaker , writer and political activist .
Ion Grigorescu ( born March 15 , 1945 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian painter , was one of the first Romanian conceptual artists and advocates of anti - art , postulating a radical consolidation of artistic activities with quotidian life .
Ivar Eskeland ( 30 November 1927 -- 23 December 2005 ) was a Norwegian philologist , publisher , translator , biographer , literary critic , newspaper editor , theatre worker , radio personality and organizational leader .
Jesús Mosterín ( born 1941 ) is a leading Spanish philosopher and a thinker of broad spectrum , often at the frontier between science and philosophy .
Bartolomeo Facio ( c. before 1410 -- 1457 ) , Latinized as Bartholomaus Facius , was an Italian historian , writer and humanist .
Francesco Cetti ( 9 August 1726 -- 20 November 1778 ) was an Italian Jesuit priest , zoologist and mathematician .
Giuseppe Baini ( October 21 , 1775 -- May 21 , 1844 ) was an Italian priest , music critic , and composer of church music .
Claude Closky is a French artist , born in Paris in 1963 .
Paul Sabatier ( August 3 , 1858 -- March 4 , 1928 ) , was a French clergyman and historian who produced the first modern biography of St. Francis of Assisi .
Felicjan Medard Faleński ( 5 June 1825 -- 11 October 1910 ) was a Polish poet , playwright , prosaist and translator .
Jean Daninos ( 2 December 1906 -- 13 October 2001 ) was a Greek - French constructor of luxury cars Facel Vega , born in Paris .
Helmina von Chézy ( 26 January 1783 -- 28 February 1856 ) , née Wilhelmine Christiane von Klencke , was a German journalist , poet and playwright .
Jean - Étienne Marie ( 22 November 1917 -- 25 December 1989 ) was a French composer of contemporary music .
Annette Pehnt ( born 25 July 1967 in Köln ) is a German writer and literary critic .
Trevor H. Howard - Hill ( October 17 , 1933 - June 1 , 2011 ) was a New Zealand born scholar of English literature .
Józef Ondrusz ( 18 March 1918 -- 27 May 1996 ) was a Polish teacher , writer and folklorist from the Zaolzie region of Cieszyn Silesia .
Auguste - Barthélemy Glaize ( 1807 - -1893 ) was a French Romantic painter of history paintings and genre paintings .
Eduard Canimas ( 6 June 1965 ) is a Catalan musician and singer .
Catherine Breshkovsky ( real name Yekaterina Konstantinovna Breshko - Breshkovskaya , Russian : Екатерина Константиновна Брешко-Брешковская ; 13 January 1844 -- 12 September 1934 ) was a Russian socialist , better known as Babushka the Grandmother of the Russian Revolution .
Ursula Wolf ( born 4 November 1951 in Karlsruhe ) is a German philosophy teacher and writer .
Francis Edward Newman Rogers MP ( 26 December 1868 -- 28 March 1925 ) was an English Liberal politician , member of parliament for Devizes from 1906 to 1910 .
Luigi Piccinato ( 30 October 1899 -- 29 July 1983 ) was an Italian architect and town planner .
Gracia Querejeta ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈɡɾaθja keɾeˈxeta ) ; Madrid , 13 August 1962 ) is a Spanish film director .
Samay Raj Thakkar ( Hindi : समय राज ठक्कर , born : 21 October 1966 ) is an Indian actor and voice actor who specialises in dubbing foreign media in the Hindi language .
Joseph - Benoît Suvée ( 3 January 1743 -- 9 February 1807 ) was a Flemish painter strongly influenced by French neo - classicism .
František Muzika ( 26 June 1900 -- 1 November 1974 ) was a Czech artist and a prominent representative of avant - garde in Czechoslovakia in the first half of the 20th century .
Christoph Biemann ( born 1952 ) is a German writer , director and producer and one of the presenters of the award - winning children 's television show , Die Sendung mit der Maus .
David Aja ( born April 16 , 1977 ) is a Spanish comic book artist , best known for his work on The Immortal Iron Fist and Hawkeye .
Lennart Hyland ( 24 September 1919 -- 15 March 1993 ) , was a Swedish TV - show host and journalist and one of the most popular and renowned TV personalities in the history of Swedish television .
Alojzy Feliński ( 1771 in Łuck - 1820 in Krzemieniec ) was a Polish writer .
Francisco Largo Caballero ( 15 October 1869 -- 23 March 1946 ) was a Spanish politician and trade unionist .
Jeanne Baptiste d'Albert de Luynes , comtesse de Verrue ( 18 January 1670 -- 18 November 1736 ) was a French noblewoman and the mistress of Victor Amadeus II of Sardinia .
E. Dale Saunders ( 1919 - -1995 ) was an American scholar of Romance languages and literature , Japanese Buddhism , classical Japanese literature , and East Asian civilization .
José Saraiva Martins , C.M.F. , GCC ( born 6 January 1932 ) is a Portuguese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Bolivians ( Spanish : Bolivianos ) are the people that inhabit the Plurinational State of Bolivia .
Thengai Srinivasan ( 21 October 1937 -- 9 November 1988 ) was an Indian actor and comedian , who appeared in Tamil - language films in the 1970s and early 1980s .
Giovan Battista Cini ( 1525 -- c. 1586 ) was an Italian renaissance playwright at the court of the Medici in Florence .
Georges Louis Humbert ( 8 April 1862 -- 1921 ) was a French general during World War I. He was the son of Émile Siméon Humbert , a gendarme and Nathalie Augustine Eulalie Breton .
André Colomer ( 4 December 1886 -- 7 October 1931 ) was a French poet and anarchist .
Wolfgang Schivelbusch ( born November 26 , 1941 in Berlin ) is a German scholar of cultural studies , historian , and book author .
Francesco Barilli ( born 4 February 1943 in Parma ) is an Italian actor , film director , screenwriter and painter .
Manuel Cañete ( 1822 - -1891 ) was a Spanish journalist , literary critic and playwright whose work is linked to Romanticism .
Paul Loye ( 1861 - -1890 ) was a French physician and `` préparateur '' for various physiological courses at the Sorbonne in the 1880s .
Kurt Ludecke ( Berlin , 5 February 1890 -- Prien am Chiemsee , 1960 ) was an ardent German nationalist , a playboy and international traveler who joined the Nazi party in the early 1920s and who used his social connections to raise money for the NSDAP .
Carlo Alberto Biggini ( December 9 , 1902 -- November 19 , 1945 ) was an Italian Fascist politician who served as Minister of Education before and after proclamation of the Italian Social Republic under Benito Mussolini .
Hendrik Born ( born 5 July 1944 in Loitz , Province of Pomerania , Germany ) is a former Vizeadmiral ( vice admiral ) of the East German Navy ( Volksmarine ) and the last chief of the People 's Navy and its youngest Vizeadmiral .
Albertet de Sestaro , sometimes called Albertet de Terascon ( fl . 1194 - -1221 ) , was a Provençal jongleur and troubadour from the Gapençais ( Gapensés in Occitan ) .
Kurt Kren was born in 1929 in Vienna , Austria to a family of a Jewish father ( a bank employee ) and German mother .
Joyce Mansour ( 25 July 1928 -- 27 August 1986 ) was an Egyptian - French author , notable as a Surrealist poet .
( German ) Konrad Farner , Hans Erni , Weg und Zielsetzung des Künstlers .
Luis Rosales Camacho ( 31 May 1910 -- 24 October 1992 ) was a Spanish poet and essay writer member of the Generation of ' 36 .
Manu Rishi ( Hindi : मनु ऋषि ) is an Indian film actor , lyricist , script and dialogue writer .
Camille Le Mercier d'Erm ( 1888 in Rennes - 1978 in Dinard ) was a French poet , historian and Breton nationalist .
Benoît Jacquot ( born 5 February 1947 ) is a French film director and screenwriter who has had a varied career in European cinema .
Charles Cuvillier ( 24 April 1877 -- 14 February 1955 ) was a French composer of operetta .
Federico Krutwig Sagredo ( 1921 - -1998 ) was a Basque Spanish writer , philosopher and politician , author of several books .
Miloš Minić ( Милош Минић ) ( 28 August 1914 , Preljina , Čačak , Kingdom of Serbia -- 5 September 2003 , Belgrade , Serbia - Montenegro ) was a Serbian communist politician .
Suzuki Harunobu ( Japanese : 鈴木 春信 ; c. 1725 -- 7 July 1770 ) was a Japanese designer of woodblock print artist in the Ukiyo - e style .
Federico Jiménez Losantos is a popular and controversial Spanish pundit , being most known for his radio talk show , but also a TV host and literary author .
Albano Carrisi ( Italian : ( alˈbaːno karˈriːzi ) ; born 20 May 1943 ) , better known as Al Bano , is an Italian singer , actor , and winemaker .
Sergio Mur ( born on May 23 , 1977 in Madrid , Comunidad de Madrid , Spain ) , is a Spanish television actor .
Grazia Varisco ( born 1937 in Milan ) is an Italian visual artist and designer .
Augustin - Jean Fresnel ( /freɪˈnɛl/ fray - NEL ; French : ( ɔ.ɡy.stɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ fʁɛ.nɛl ) ; 1788 - -1827 ) , was a French engineer and physicist who contributed significantly to the establishment of the theory of wave optics .
Anna Westberg ( 1946 - -2005 ) was a Swedish novelist and non - fiction writer .
Jonathan Pereira Rodríguez ( born 12 May 1987 ) , sometimes known simply as Jonathan , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Lugo .
Pierre Vago ( 30 August 1910 in Budapest -- 1 February 2002 in Noisy - sur - École ) was a notable French architect .
Ulysse Chevalier ( February 24 , 1841 -- October 27 , 1923 ) was a French bibliographer and historian .
Francis Cabrel ( born 23 November 1953 , Agen ) is a French singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Bjørn Nørgaard ( born 21 May 1947 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish artist who has been active in a variety of fields .
William Philip Honywood ( 15 April 1790 -- 22 April 1831 ) was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1818 to 1830 .
Feng Jicai ( simplified Chinese : 冯骥才 ; traditional Chinese : 馮驥才 ; pinyin : Féng Jìcái ) is an author who focuses most of his works on writing stories which explain historical events that have occurred in his hometown of Tianjin , China .
Johann Ludwig Tellkampf ( 28 January 1808 -- 15 February 1876 ) was a German scholar and politician who taught in Germany and the United States .
Alfred Claude Aimé Girard ( December 22 , 1830 -- April 12 , 1898 ) was a French chemist and agronomist who was a professor at the Conservatoire des Arts et Métiers .
Alessandro Blasetti ( 3 July 1900 -- 1 February 1987 ) was an Italian film director and screenwriter who influenced Italian neorealism with the film Quattro passi fra le nuvole .
Rosemary Sutcliff CBE ( 14 December 1920 -- 23 July 1992 ) was an English novelist best known for children 's books , especially historical fiction and retellings of myths and legends .
Julien Le Paulmier ( 1520 in Agneaux -- 1588 ) was a French Protestant and physician .
Charles Delestraint ( 12 March 1879 - 19 April 1945 ) was a French Army lieutenant general and member of the French Resistance during World War II . He also befriended Charles de Gaulle .
Christian Weise ( 30 April 1642 -- 21 October 1708 ) , also known under the pseudonyms Siegmund Gleichviel , Orontes , Catharinus Civilis and Tarquinius Eatullus , was a German writer , dramatist , poet , pedagogue and librarian of the Baroque era .
Jef Aérosol is the pseudonym of Jean - François Perroy ( born January 15 , 1957 ) , a French stencil graffiti artist .
Alexandre Charles Lecocq ( 3 June 1832 -- 24 October 1918 ) was a French musical composer .
Tuvia Tenenbom ( born 1957 in Bnei Brak , Israel ) is a theater director , playwright , author , journalist , essayist and the founding artistic director of the Jewish Theater of New York , the only English - speaking Jewish theater in New York City .
Wolfram Setz ( born July 7 , 1941 ) is a German historian , editor , translator , and essayist .
Wilhelm Kolle ( born 2 November 1868 in Lerbach near Osterode am Harz , died 10 May 1935 ) was a German bacteriologist and hygienist .
Michael López - Alegría ( born May 30 , 1958 ) is a Spanish - American astronaut ; a veteran of three Space Shuttle missions and one International Space Station mission .
Jacques Friedel ForMemRS ( French : ( fʁidɛl ) ; 11 February 1921 -- 27 August 2014 ) was a French physicist and material scientist .
Friedrich Heinrich Vering ( b. at Liesborn in Westphalia , 9 March 1833 ; d. at Prague , 30 March 1896 ) was a German canon lawyer , a defender of the Catholic Church against the State .
Janusz Minkiewicz ( born June 25 , 1914 in St. Petersburg -- May 29 , 1981 in Warsaw ) was a Polish writer , translator , journalist and satirist .
Ahasverus Fritsch ( 16 December 1629 -- 24 August 1701 ) was a German jurist , poet and hymn writer of the Baroque era .
Heiner Bielefeldt ( April 12 , 1958 ) is a German philosopher , historian and Catholic theologian .
Anna Ciocchetti Millán ( Madrid , June 24 , 1968 ) is a Spanish - born Mexican actress and singer .
César Évora ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈsesaɾ ˈeβoɾa ) ; born César Évora y Díaz on November 4 , 1959 in Havana , Cuba ) is a Cuban - born Mexican actor .
Catiuscia Marini ( born 25 September 1967 ) is an Italian politician and the current President of the Italian region of Umbria .
Willy Holt ( 30 November 1921 -- 22 June 2007 ) was an American production designer and art director , who lived in France for many years and worked extensively for the French film industry .
Giovanni Falcone ( Italian : ( dʒoˈvanni falˈkoːne ) ; 18 May 1939 -- 23 May 1992 ) was an Italian judge and prosecuting magistrate .
Senthil Kumar ( Tamil : செந்தில் குமார் ) ( born 18 October 1978 ) , popularly known as Mirchi Senthil is an Indian film and television actor , television presenter , radio jockey and voice actor .
Joseph Gaertner ( March 12 , 1732 -- July 14 , 1791 ) was a German botanist , best known for his work on seeds , De Fructibus et Seminibus Plantarum ( 1788 - 1792 ) .
Ferdinando Petruccelli della Gattina ( August 28 , 1815 - March 29 , 1890 ) was an Italian journalist , patriot and politician .
Gabriel Scott ( 8 March 1874 -- 9 July 1958 ) was a Norwegian poet , novelist , playwright and children 's writer .
Charles Williamson Crook ( 4 March 1862 -- 29 March 1926 ) was an English teacher , trade union official and a Conservative and Unionist Party politician .
Kasëm Trebeshina ( born 5 August 1926 , in Berat , Albania ) is an Albanian writer and dissident .
Paolo Giordano ( born 1982 ) is an Italian writer who won the Premio Strega literary award with his first novel The Solitude of Prime Numbers .
Pia Tafdrup ( born 29 May 1952 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish writer ; primarily a poet , she has also written a novel and two plays , as well as works for radio .
Georges de Layens ( 6 January 1834 in Lille -- 23 October 1897 in Nice ) was a French botanist and apiculturalist .
Zoltán Bagó ( born on 10 January 1975 in Kalocsa ) is a Hungarian politician and Member of the European Parliament with the Hungarian Civic Party , part of the European People 's Party .
Jacques Forest ( June 14 , 1920 -- February 16 , 2012 ) was a French carcinologist .
Olha Petrivna Kosach ( 29 June 1849 -- 4 October 1930 ) , better known by her pen name Olena Pchilka , was a Ukrainian publisher , writer , ethnographer , interpreter , civil activist .
Josip Ribičič ( 3 November 1886 -- 7 June 1969 ) was a Slovene writer , known as an author of popular children 's literature .
Nicolas Schöffer ( Hungarian : Schöffer Miklós ; September 6 , 1912 -- January 8 , 1992 ) was a Hungarian - born French artist .
Georges Darmois ( 24 June 1888 -- 3 January 1960 ) was a French mathematician and statistician .
Abu al - Fadl Abbas Ibn al - Ahnaf , ( 750 in Basra-809 ) , Arabic , عباس بن الأحنف , was an Arab Abbasid poet from the clan of Hanifa .
Robert - Henri Bautier ( 19 April 1922 -- 19 October 2010 ) was a French archivist and medievalist .
Baligh Hamdi ( Arabic : بليغ حمدي‎ ) ( October 7 , 1932 -- September 17 , 1993 ) was an Egyptian composer who created hit songs for many prominent Arabic singers , especially during the 1960s and 1970s .
Lidia Ravera ( born 6 February 1951 in Turin , Piedmont ) is an Italian writer , journalist , essayist and screenwriter .
Étienne - Joseph Floquet ( 23 November 1748 -- 10 May 1785 ) was a French composer , mainly of operas .
Hellmut Ritter ( February 27 , 1892 -- 19 May 1971 ) , a leading German Orientalist specialising in Arabic , Persian , and Turkish , and an authority on Sufi ritual and mysticical beliefs .
Chava Alberstein ( Hebrew : חוה אלברשטיין‎ , born December 8 , 1947 ) is an Israeli singer , lyricist , composer , and musical arranger .
Roberto Sanseverino d'Aragona ( 1418 -- 10 August 1487 ) was an Italian condottiero , count of Colorno from 1458 to 1477 and count of Caiazzo from 1460 until his death .
Orderic Vitalis ( Latin : Ordericus Vitalis ; 1075 -- c. 1142 ) was an English chronicler and Benedictine monk who wrote one of the great contemporary chronicles of 11th- and 12th - century Normandy and Anglo - Norman England .
Áron Tamási ( born : János Tamás ; 20 September 1897 -- 26 May 1966 ) was a Hungarian writer .
Pietro Trifone ( Rome , 27 April 1951 ) , is an Italian linguist .
Henri Cordier ( 8 August 1849 -- 16 March 1925 ) was a French linguist , historian , ethnographer , author , editor and Orientalist .
Andrés Manjón y Manjón ( Sargentes de la Lora , 30 November 1846 - 1923 ) was a Spanish priest and educator who founded the Escuelas del Ave - María ( Schools of Ave Maria ) in Granada .
Baron Jöns Jacob Berzelius ( Swedish : ( jœns ˌjɑːkɔb bæɹˈseːliɵs ) ; 20 August 1779 -- 7 August 1848 ) , named by himself and contemporary society as Jacob Berzelius , was a Swedish chemist .
Cynewulf is one of twelve Old English poets known by name , and one of four whose work is known to survive today .
Friedrich von Sallet ( 20 April 1812 -- 21 February 1843 ) was a German writer , most notable for his political and religion - critiquing poems .
Ousmane Sembène ( 1 January 1923 -- 9 June 2007 ) , often credited in the French style as Sembène Ousmane in articles and reference works , was a Senegalese film director , producer and writer .
Carl David Tolmé Runge ( German : ( ˈʀʊŋə ) ; 1856 - -1927 ) was a German mathematician , physicist , and spectroscopist .
Giovanni Lista is an Italian art historian and art critic born in Italy on February 13 , 1943 at Castiglione del Lago ( Perugia ) and now living in Paris .
Ramarajan ( Tamil : ராமராஜன் ) is a Tamil film actor who specialised in acting films on village - based subjects .
Anatole Jean - Baptiste Antoine de Barthélemy ( 1 July 1821 -- 27 June 1904 ) was a French archaeologist and numismatist .
Zygmunt Zaleski of Lubicz coat of arms ( September 29 , 1882 in Klonowiec near the Kielce , Poland -- December 15 , 1967 in Paris , France ) , pseudonymes R. de Bron , R. Debron , was a Polish literature historian , literary critic , poet , publicist , translator .
Olga Tokarczuk ( ( tɔˈkart͡ʂuk ) ; born 29 January 1962 ) is one of the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful Polish writers of her generation , particularly noted for the hallmark mythical tone of her writing .
Franz Rosenzweig ( December 25 , 1886 -- December 10 , 1929 ) was a German Jewish theologian , philosopher , and translator .
Jaume Busquets i Mollera ( Girona , 1904 - Barcelona , 1968 ) was a Catalan sculptor and painter of the noucentisme generation .
Juanjo Guarnido is a Spanish illustrator and the co - author of the comic book series Blacksad .
Friedrich Heinrich von der Hagen ( February 19 , 1780 -- June 11 , 1856 ) was a German philologist , chiefly distinguished for his researches in Old German literature .
Antoni Dufriche - Desgenettes ( 26 February 1804 , Paris -- 19 December 1878 , Saint - Mandé ) , baptized Antoine Marie Dufriche - Foulaines , was a French seafaring merchant , poet and amateur phonetician .
Saleh Al - Fawzan ( Arabic : صالح بن فوزان الفوزان ) , born 1933 , is an Islamic scholar and has been a member of several high religious bodies in Saudi Arabia .
Antoine Vitez ( 20 December 1930 -- 30 April 1990 ) was a French actor , director , and poet .
Georg Joseph Vogler , also known as Abbé Vogler ( June 15 , 1749 -- May 6 , 1814 ) , was a German composer , organist , teacher and theorist .
Antoine Porot , ( 1876 ( Chalone - sur - Saône ) - 1965 ) was a French psychiatrist .
Jean Launois ( November 22 , 1898 -- November 22 , 1942 ) was a French artist .
Claus Toksvig ( 21 October 1929 -- 4 November 1988 ) was a Danish journalist and broadcaster who , as the Danish Broadcasting Corporation 's first ever permanent foreign correspondent , is widely acknowledged as one of the greatest figures in Danish broadcasting history .
Arsinée Khanjian ( Western Armenian : Արսինէ Խանճեան , Eastern Armenian : Արսինե Խանջյան ; born 6 September 1958 ) is an Armenian - Canadian actress and producer .
Halid Ziya Uşaklıgil ( also spelled Halit and Uşakizâde ) ( Turkish pronunciation : ( haːˈlit ziˈjaː uˌʃaklɯˈɟil ) ; 1866 -- 27 March 1945 ) was a Turkish author , poet , and playwright .
Hans Fiederer ( 21 January 1920 -- 15 December 1980 ) was a German international footballer .
Flora Tristan 's mother , Anne - Pierre Laisnay , was French ; the couple met in Bilbao , Spain .
Edmund Bogdanowicz ( 11 November 1857 -- 25 July 1911 ) was a Polish poet , writer and journalist .
Miguel Ángel Gómez Martínez ( born 1949 in Granada , Spain ) is a Spanish conductor and composer .
Lucretius 's love of the countryside invites speculation that he inhabited family - owned rural estates , as did many wealthy Roman families , and he certainly was expensively educated with a mastery of Latin , Greek , literature , and philosophy .
Ljubomir Jovanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Љубомир Јовановић , 14 February 1865 -- 2 October 1928 ) was a Serbian politician and historian .
Arianna Savall i Figueras ( born 1972 in Basel , Switzerland ) is a Swiss - born Spanish classical singer , harpist and composer .
Alessandro Barbero ( born April 30 , 1959 ) is an Italian historian , novelist and essayist .
Josep Maria Espinàs i Massip ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ʒuˈzɛb məˈɾi.ə əspiˈnas ) ; born 7 March 1927 ) is a Catalan writer , journalist and publisher known for his novels , travel writing and newspaper articles .
Agustín Muñoz Grandes ( 27 January 1896 -- 11 July 1970 ) was a Spanish general , and politician , vice - president of the Spanish Government and minister with Francisco Franco several times ; also known as the commander of the Blue Division between 1941 and 1943 .
Takako Shigematsu is a Japanese manga artist most famous for her manga series Tenshi Ja Nai .
Paul Allard ( b. Rouen 15 September 1841 -- 1916 ) was a French archaeologist , historian and jurist .
Antonio Ibáñez Freire ( 25 September 1913 - 9 May 2003 ) was a Spanish politician and military commander .
Isabel Alçada ( born 29 May 1950 ) is a Portuguese writer and teacher .
Miguel Abensour ( born 1939 ) is a French philosopher specializing in political philosophy .
Victor Henri ( 6 June 1872 -- 21 June 1940 ) was a French - Russian physical chemist and physiologist .
Leszek Nowak ( Więckowice , Tarnów County , 7 January 1943 -- Poznań , 20 October 2009 ) was a Polish philosopher .
Friedrich von Oppeln - Bronikowski ( April 7 , 1873 -- October 9 , 1936 ) was a German writer , translator , publisher and cultural historian .
José Sanfrancisco Orero , born on April 9 , 1944 ( Valencia ) Spain is a Spanish painter , sculptor , poet and writer belonging to the expressionism movement .
Sven Havsteen - Mikkelsen ( 16 September 1912 , Argentina -- 14 February 1999 , Ærøskøbing ) was a Danish painter who is remembered for his old Nordic landscapes , his church decorations and his woodcuts .
Louis - Mathieu Langlès ( 23 August 1763 -- 28 January 1824 ) was a French academic , philologist , linguist , translator , author , librarian and orientalist .
Volker Kriegel ( 24 December 1943 -- 15 June 2003 ) was a German jazz guitarist and composer born in Darmstadt , Germany , perhaps most noteworthy for his contributions to the European jazz rock genre and for his collaborations with the American vibraphonist Dave Pike .
Jacques Taminiaux ( French : ( taminjo ) ; born 29 May 1928 , Seneffe ) is a Belgian philosopher , Professor since 1989 at Boston College in Chestnut Hill , Massachusetts , United States .
Manel Esclusa ( born 13 April 1952 , Vic , Catalonia ) is a Catalan photographer and Professor of Photography at the Eina School in Barcelona and the Institute of Photographic Studies of Catalonia .
Beata Obertyńska , ( pen name `` Marta Rudzka '' ) , born July 18 , 1898 , near Skole , died May 21 , 1980 in London was a Polish writer and poet .
Jozef Tomko ( born 11 March 1924 ) is a Slovak Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Pierre Adolphe Adrien Doyon ( French : ( dwa.jɔ̃ ) ; November 1 , 1827 -- September 21 , 1907 ) was a French dermatologist and balneologist born in Grenoble .
Luigi Maria Ugolini ( 1895 - -1936 ) was an Italian archaeologist .
Anna Soler - Pont ( b. 1968 ) , is a Spanish writer .
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong'o ( Gikuyu pronunciation : ( ᵑɡoɣe wa ðiɔŋɔ ) ; born 5 January 1938 ) is a Kenyan writer , formerly working in English and now working in Gikuyu .
Hovhannes `` Jean '' Semerdjian ( 9 March 1920 -- 27 August 2013 ) , also known as Jean Jansem , was a French - Armenian painter .
Francis Monckton ( 7 March 1844 - -30 September 1926 ) was an English Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1871 to 1885 .
Pierre Cholenec ( June 29 , 1641 -- October 30 , 1723 ) was a French Jesuit missionary and biographer in New France .
Jacques Grange , born in 1944 , is a French interior designer .
Javier Navarrete ( born 1956 , Teruel ) is a Spanish composer of film scores .
Heinrich Jacoby ( 1889 - -1964 ) , originally a musician , was a German educator whose teaching was based on developing sensitivity and awareness .
Renato Altissimo ( 4 October 1940 -- 17 April 2015 ) was an Italian politician and minister .
Gerardo Olivares is a Spanish filmmaker and screenwriter born in 1964 in Córdoba , Andalusia .
Eduard Franck ( 5 October 1817 -- 1 December 1893 ) was a German composer , pianist and music pedagogue .
Max Born ( German : ( bɔɐ̯n ) ; 11 December 1882 -- 5 January 1970 ) was a German physicist and mathematician who was instrumental in the development of quantum mechanics .
Gwennole Le Menn ( 1938 - -2009 ) was a Breton writer , editor and lexicographer .
Hans Belting ( born 7 July 1935 in Andernach ) is a German art historian and theorist of medieval and Renaissance art , as well as contemporary art and image theory .
Jülide Gülizar ( 1929 -- March 14 , 2011 ) was a Turkish anchorwoman and journalist .
Sija Rose ( born 11 July 1990 ) is an Indian actress , who mostly appears in Malayalam and Tamil films .
Johann Christoph Weigel , known as Christoph Weigel the Elder ( November 9 , 1654 -- February 5 , 1725 ) , was a German engraver , art dealer and publisher .
Kazimieras Būga ( Lithuanian pronunciation : ( kɐˈzʲɪˈmʲiərɐs buːˈɡɐ ) ; November 6 , 1879 -- December 2 , 1924 ) was a Lithuanian linguist and philologist .
Marcel Lermoyez ( 24 July 1858 -- 1 February 1929 ) was a French otolaryngologist and surgeon who was a native of Cambrai .
Nina Karin Monsen ( born 29 May 1943 in Bergen ) is a Norwegian moral philosopher and author .
Francisco Cerdá y Rico ( 1739 - -1800 ) was a Spanish erudite , humanist , jurist and writer .
Julius Büdel ( 8 August 1903 -- 28 August 1983 ) was a German geomorphologist noted for his work on the influence of climate in shaping landscapes and landforms .
Eliseo Martín Omenat ( born 5 November 1973 in Monzón ) is an Aragonese Spanish long - distance runner who specializes in 3000 metres steeplechase .
Piero Angela , Grand Officer OMRI ( born 22 December 1928 ) is an Italian television host , science journalist , writer and pianist .
Juan de Ávalos y García - Taborda ( October 21 , 1911 in Mérida -- July 7 , 2006 in Clínica Virgen del Mar , Madrid ) was a Spanish sculptor .
Melanie Walsh ( born 18 July 1964 ) is an English writer and illustrator of children 's books .
Jean - Baptiste Denys ( 1643 - 3 October 1704 ) was a French physician notable for having performed the first fully documented human blood transfusion , a xenotransfusion .
Alexandru Zub ( born October 12 , 1934 ) is a Romanian historian , biographer , essayist , political activist and academic .
George Leyburn ( 1593 - -1677 ) was an English Catholic priest , who became President of the English College , Douai .
Carlos Mulas Granados ( Madrid , Spain , 1974 ) is a Spanish economist and former university professor , specialists in macroeconomics , public finances and European economics .
Luis Miguel Martín Berlanas ( born 11 January 1972 in Madrid ) is a former Spanish long - distance runner .
Ovidiu Ioan Silaghi ( Romanian pronunciation : ( oˈvidju iˈo̯an ˈsilaɡi ) ; born December 12 , 1962 ) is a Romanian politician .
Vitaliano Brancati ( Italian pronunciation : ( vitaˈljaːno braŋˈkaːti ) ; 24 July 1907 -- 25 September 1954 ) was an Italian novelist , dramatist , poet and screenwriter .
Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton , 1st Baronet ( 1 April 1786 -- 19 February 1845 ) was an English Member of Parliament , brewer , abolitionist and social reformer .
Richard Parkes Bonington ( 25 October 1802 -- 23 September 1828 ) was an English Romantic landscape painter , who moved to France at the age of 14 and can also be considered as a French artist , and an intermediary bringing aspects of English style to France .
Michiel de Swaen ( Dutch : ( mɪˈçiˑl də ˈzβ̞aˑn ) ; 20 January 1654 -- 3 May 1707 ) was a surgeon and a rhetorician from the Southern Netherlands .
On March 16 , 1764 , Francisco Javier de la Torre arrived at Marinduque riding on a Spanish frigate Santa Rosa .
Nicolas Édouard Delabarre - Duparcq ( 1819 - -1893 ) was a French military critic and historian , born at Saint - Cloud , Seine - et - Oise .
John Dillon ( 4 September 1851 -- 4 August 1927 ) was an Irish politician from Dublin , who served as a Member of Parliament ( MP ) for over 35 years and was the last leader of the Irish Parliamentary Party .
Sir Codrington Edmund Carrington ( 22 October 1769 -- 28 November 1849 ) was an English barrister , Chief justice of Ceylon , and a member of the UK Parliament .
Count Eigil Knuth ( 8 August 1903 -- 12 March 1996 ) was a Danish explorer , archaeologist , sculptor and writer .
Stefano Raffaele ( born March 15 , 1970 ) is an Italian comics book artist .
James Spedding ( 28 June 1808,-- 9 March 1881 ) was an English author , chiefly known as the editor of the works of Francis Bacon .
Ernesto de Zulueta y Samá ( 10 July 1855 in La Granja de San Ildefonso -- 2 December 1919 in Bilbao ) , Spanish Politician .
Antoine - Denis Chaudet ( 3 March 1763 -- 18 April 1810 ) was a French sculptor who worked in a neoclassical style .
Anupurath Krishnankutty , popularly known as Mundur Krishnankutty ( 17 July 1935 -- 4 June 2005 ) , is a Malayalam -- language writer from Kerala state , India .
Usharani is an Indian film actress who acted prominently in Malayalam films .
Zbigniew Drzewiecki ( 8 April 1890 -- 11 April 1971 ) was a Polish pianist especially associated with the interpretation of Frédéric Chopin 's works , who was for most of his life a teacher of pianists .
Hong Yi ( 1880 - -1942 ; Chinese : 弘一 ; pinyin : Hóngyī ) , born Li Shutong ( 李叔同 ) was a Chinese Buddhist monk , artist and art teacher .
Sir Stephen Bartlett Lakeman , also known as Mazar Paşa or Mozhar Pasha ( 1823 -- 1900 ) was an English - born British and Ottoman adventurer , soldier , and administrator .
Franco Manzi ( born February 17 , 1966 ) is an Italian Catholic priest and academic .
Dr. Jules Guyot ( 17 May 1807 -- March 31 , 1872 ) was a French physician and agronomist who was born in the commune of Gyé - sur - Seine in the department of Aube .
Emin Bektóre ( also transliterated in Turkish as : Emin Bektöre ) ( 1906 - 1995 ) was a Dobrujan - born Crimean Tatar folklorist , ethnographer , lyricist , and activist for ethnic Tatar causes .
Elio Ciol ( born 1929 ) is an Italian photographer and publisher who was born in Casarsa della Delizia in Friuli - Venezia Giulia , the region where he has principally lived and worked .
Jakov Ignjatović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јаков Игњатовић , 8 December 1822 -- 5 July 1889 ) was a Serbian 19th century novelist and prose writer from Hungary .
Daniele Archibugi is an Italian economic and political theorist .
Guillaume - Chrétien de Lamoignon de Malesherbes ( 6 December 1721 -- 23 April 1794 ) , often referred to as Malesherbes or Lamoignon - Malesherbes , was a French statesman , minister , and afterwards counsel for the defence of Louis XVI .
Jean - Luc Cerdin ( born ca 1974 ) is a French organizational theorist , Professor at the French business school ESSEC , known for his contributions on human resources management .
Léopold Flameng ( Brussels 22 November 1831 -- September 1911 ) was a French engraver , illustrator and painter .
Gabrielle Houbre is a French historian .
Pierre René Jean Baptiste Henri Brocard ( 12 May 1845 -- 16 January 1922 ) was a French meteorologist and mathematician , in particular a geometer .
Rossana Campo ( born October 17 , 1963 in Genoa , Italy ) is an Italian writer and painter .
John Salt ( born 2 August 1937 ) is an English artist , whose greatly detailed paintings from the late 1960s onwards made him one of the pioneers of the photorealist school .
Rainer Werner Fassbinder ( pronounced ( ˈʀaɪ̯nɐ ˈvɛʁnɐ ˈfasˌbɪndɐ ) ; 31 May 1945 -- 10 June 1982 ) was a German film director , screenwriter , and actor .
Henri Arnold Seyrig ( French : ( sɛʁiɡ ) ; 10 November 1895 -- 21 January 1973 ) was a French Alsatian Archaeologist numismatist , and historian of Antiquity .
Guillaume Lamy ( 1644 - -1683 ) was a French physician best known for his sympathies with Epicurean philosophy , and for his influence on materialists such as La Mettrie .
Mary Renault ( /ˈrɛnoʊlt/ ; 4 September 1905 -- 13 December 1983 ) , born Eileen Mary Challans , was an English writer best known for her historical novels set in Ancient Greece .
Alfred Edward Housman ( /ˈhaʊsmən/ ; 26 March 1859 -- 30 April 1936 ) , usually known as A. E. Housman , was an English classical scholar and poet , best known to the general public for his cycle of poems A Shropshire Lad .
José Bergamín Gutiérrez ( Madrid , 1895 -- Fuenterrabía , August 28 , 1983 ) was a Spanish writer , essayist , poet , and playwright .
Gopala Chandra Praharaj ( 9 September 1874 -- 16 May 1945 ) was a writer and linguist in the Odia language , well known as the compiler of the Purnachandra Odia Bhashakosha .
Francesco Dal Co ( born 29 December 1945 ) is an Italian historian of architecture .
Gustave - Antoine Richelot ( 1806 -- September 1893 ) was a French physician born in Nantes .
Gerhard Tersteegen ( November 25 , 1697 -- April 3 , 1769 ) , was a German Reformed religious writer .
Alexander von Stahl ( born June 10 , 1938 in Berlin ) is a German lawyer , liberal politician and civil servant .
Steven Berkoff ( born 3 August 1937 ) is an English actor , author , playwright and theatre director .
Antonio Maria Ceriani ( May 2 , 1828 -- March 2 , 1907 ) was an Italian prelate , Syriacist , and scholar .
Joaquín Arderíus y Sánchez Fortún ( May 1885 , Lorca , in Murcia -- January 20 , 1969 , Mexico City ) was a Spanish experimental and political novelist .
Hans Magnus Enzensberger ( born 11 November 1929 in Kaufbeuren ) is a German author , poet , translator and editor .
Pablo de Olavide y Jáuregui ( Lima , Viceroyalty of Peru , 1725 January 25 -- Baeza , Spain , 1803 , February 25 ) was a Spanish politician , lawyer and writer .
Hippolyte - Jules Pilet de La Mesnardière ( 1610 , Le Loroux - Bottereau -- 4 June 1663 , Paris ) was a French physician , man of letters and dramatist .
Sasha Sokolov ( born Александр Всеволодович Соколов/Alexander Vsevolodovitch Sokolov on November 6 , 1943 , in Ottawa , Canada ) is a paradoxical writer of Russian literature .
Adolf Zeising ( 24 September 1810 -- 27 April 1876 ) was a German psychologist , whose main interests were mathematics and philosophy .
Mara Branković ( c. 1416 in Vučitrn -- 14 September 1487 ) , also known as Sultana Marija , Mara Hatun , Despina Hatun , or Amerissa , was the daughter of Serbian monarch Đurađ ( George ) Branković and Eirene Kantakouzene .
Martial Étienne Mulsant ( 2 March 1797 - 4 November 1880 ) was a French entomologist and ornithologist .
Polly Samson ( born 29 April 1962 ) is an English novelist , lyricist and journalist .
Dilip Dholakia ( 15 October 1921 - 2 January 2011 ) , often credited as D. Dilip or Diliprai in Hindi films , was an Indian music composer and singer .
James Hogg ( 1770 -- 21 November 1835 ) was a Scottish poet , novelist and essayist who wrote in both Scots and English .
Helîm Yûsiv ( Amûdê , 1967 ) is a Syrian Kurdish writer and lawyer .
Walter Eucken ( German : ( ˈɔʏkn̩ ) ; 17 January 1891 -- 20 March 1950 ) was a German economist of the Freiburg school and father of ordoliberalism .
José Leite de Vasconcelos Cardoso Pereira de Melo ( 7 July 1858 -- 17 May 1941 ) was a Portuguese ethnographer , archaeologist and prolific author who wrote extensively on Portuguese philology and prehistory .
François Eugène Turpin ( 30 September 1848 -- 24 January 1927 ) was a French chemist involved in research of explosive materials .
Auguste François , ( 20 August 1857 -- 4 July 1935 ) was a French consul first in Paraguay between 1893 and 1895 then in southern China between 1896 and 1904 , first in Longzhou in Guangxi province and Kunming in Yunnan .
Jean - Jacques Aillagon ( born 2 October 1946 , Metz ) is a French politician , a close confidant of Jacques Chirac and member of the Union for a Popular Movement ( UMP ) political party .
Tawfiq al - Hakim or Tawfik el - Hakim ( October 9 , 1898 -- July 26 , 1987 ) ( Arabic : توفيق الحكيم‎ Tawfīq al - Ḥakīm ) was a prominent Egyptian writer .
Ghassan Tueni ( Arabic : غسان تويني‎‎ ; 5 January 1926 -- 8 June 2012 ) was a veteran Lebanese journalist , politician and diplomat who headed An Nahar , one of the Arab World 's leading newspapers .
Jan Alberto Soggin ( 10 March 1926 -- 27 October 2010 ) was a leading Italian Biblical scholar .
Jarosław Marek Rymkiewicz ( Jarosław Marek Szulc ; born 13 July 1935 , in Warsaw ) is a Polish poet , essayist , dramatist and literary critic .
Veselin Čajkanović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Веселин Чајкановић ; 1881 in Belgrade -- 1946 ) was a Serbian classical scholar , religious history scholar , and Greek and Latin translator .
Liang Zongdai ( Chinese : 梁宗岱 ) ( 1903 - -1983 ) was a Chinese poet and translator .
Leopoldo María Panero ( 16 June 1948 -- 5 March 2014 ) was a Spanish poet , commonly placed in the Novísimos group .
Peter Laugesen ( born 5 March 1942 in Copenhagen ) is a Danish poet and playwright who lives in Arhus .
Mathurin Méheut ( 1882 - 1958 ) was a French painter , ceramist , engraver , and etcher best known for his depictions of Breton scenes , the sea , and nature .
Valentina Vezzali ( Italian pronunciation : ( valenˈtina vetˈtsali ) ; born 14 February 1974 ) is an Italian fencer and politician .
Manfred Fuhrmann ( 23 June 1925 -- 12 January 2005 ) was a professor for classical Latin philology and one of the most eminent German philologists .
David Jiménez Pinteño known as David DeMaría ( born January 20 , 1976 ) is a Spanish singer and songwriter .
Friedrich von Logau ( January 1605 -- 24 July 1655 ) was a German poet and epigrammatist of the Baroque era .
Pierre Boitard ( 27 April 1787 Mâcon , Saône - et - Loire -- 1859 ) was a French botanist and geologist .
Cécile Brunschvicg ( French : ( sesil bʁœ̃svik ) ) , born Cécile Kahn ( 19 July 1877 , Enghien - les - Bains -- 5 October 1946 , Neuilly - sur - Seine ) , was a French feminist politician .
Francisco Mancebo Pérez ( born March 9 , 1976 in Madrid ) is a Spanish professional cyclist .
Miodrag Kojadinović is a polyglot and writes in English , Serbian , Dutch , and French and speaks two dozen other European and Asian languages .
Sir John Guise , 4th Baronet ( 1701 - May 1769 ) , of Elmore and Rendcomb , Gloucestershire , was an English politician .
Gerhard Stapelfeldt ( born October 26 , 1947 , Hamburg , Germany ) is a German sociologist .
Rosa Conde Gutiérrez del Álamo ( born 7 September 1947 ) was a Spanish Government spokesperson and is a lecturer .
Juan Abelló ( born 16 December 1941 ) is a Spanish businessman and art collector .
Héloïse ( variously spelled Helöise , Héloyse , Hélose , Heloisa , Helouisa , Eloise , and Aloysia , among other variations ) was a brilliant scholar of Latin , Greek and Hebrew , and had a reputation for intelligence and insight .
Peter Didsbury ( born 1946 ) is an English poet who was born in Fleetwood , Lancashire but lived most of his life in Hull , in the East Riding of Yorkshire .
Oskar Strnad in the Aeiou Encyclopedia ( German ) elib.uni-stuttgart.de :
Osbert Salvin FRS ( 25 February 1835 -- 1 June 1898 ) was an English naturalist , ornithologist , and herpetologist best known for co - authoring Biologia Centrali - Americana ( 1879 - -1915 ) with Frederick DuCane Godman .
Edme - François Jomard ( French : ( ʒɔmaʁ ) ; 1777 -- September 22 , 1862 ) was a French cartographer , engineer , and archaeologist .
Guillermo Toledo ( born Madrid , 22 May 1970 ) , professionally known as Willy Toledo , is a Spanish film and television actor , theater producer and political activist .
Varujan Vosganian ( Romanian pronunciation : ( varuˈʒan vosɡaniˈan ) ; Armenian : Վարուժան Ոսկանյան , born 25 July 1958 ) is a Romanian politician , economist , essayist and poet .
William Crotch ( 5 July 1775 -- 29 December 1847 ) was an English composer and organist .
J. Pallassery is an Indian film script writer and actor in Malayalam movies .
Andreas Brandhorst ( born in Sielhorst , Rahden , Germany on May 26 , 1956 ) is a translator ( English to German ) and author of fantasy and science fiction .
Adrien - Marie Legendre ( French : ( adʁiɛ̃ maʁi ləʒɑ̃ːdʁ ) ; 18 September 1752 -- 10 January 1833 ) was a French mathematician .
Ladislav Deák ( January 13 , 1931 -- November 15 , 2011 ) was a prominent Slovak historian .
Adrien Bertrand ( 4 August 1888 , Nyons -- 18 November 1917 ) was a French novelist whose short career was punctuated by a series of striking surrealist anti - war novels , written as Bertrand lay dying from complications involved in a wound he suffered whilst serving with the French Army in the First World War .
August Gottlieb Spangenberg ( 15 July 1704 -- 18 September 1792 ) was a German theologian and minister , and a bishop of the Moravian Brethren .
Franz Heinrich Schwechten ( 12 August 1841 -- 11 August 1924 ) was one of the most famous German architects of his time , and contributed to the development of historicist architecture .
Luciano Berio , Cavaliere di Gran Croce OMRI(October 24 , 1925 -- May 27 , 2003 ) was an Italian composer .
Sidhartha Siva ( born May 5 , 1985 ) is a National Award winning Malayalam film director , writer and actor .
Cao Bá Quát ( 高伯适 , 1809 - -1855 ) was a Vietnamese poet and revolutionary who led a peasant uprising against Emperor Tự Đức .
Gertrude Aretz née Kuntze - Dolton ( 1889 - 1938 ) was a German historian and publisher .
Gonzalo Torrente Malvido ( 1935 - -2011 ) was a Spanish novelist , screenwriter and writer .
Crystal Kay Williams ( born February 26 , 1986 in Yokohama , Kanagawa Prefecture , Japan ) , simply known as Crystal Kay , is a Japanese singer , songwriter , radio host and actress .
Alberto Moravia ( Italian pronunciation : ( alˈbɛrto moˈraːvja ) ; November 28 , 1907 -- September 26 , 1990 ) , born Alberto Pincherle , was an Italian novelist and journalist .
Anne Nivat ( born June 18 , 1969 ) is an award - winning French journalist and war correspondent who has covered conflicts in Chechnya , Iraq , and Afghanistan .
Sir Godfrey Copley , 2nd Baronet FRS ( /ˈkɒpli/ ; c. 1653 -- 9 April 1709 ) was a wealthy English landowner , art - collector and public figure , who lived at Sprotbrough House , near Doncaster in South Yorkshire .
Khondakar Ashraf Hossain ( Bengali : খোন্দকার আশরাফ হোসেন ; 4 January 1950 -- 16 June 2013 ) was a leading poet , essayist , translator and editor from Bangladesh .
Juliana Morell ( 16 February 1594 -- 26 June 1653 ) was a Spanish Dominican nun , and the first woman to receive a Doctor of Laws degree .
Abdul Halim Sharar ( Urdu : عبدالحلیم شرار‎ ; September 4 , 1860 -- December , 1926 ) was a prolific Indian author , playwright , essayist and historian from Lucknow .
Martin Buber ( Hebrew : מרטין בובר‎ , German : Martin Buber , Yiddish : מארטין בובער‎ ; February 8 , 1878 -- June 13 , 1965 ) was an Austrian - born Israeli Jewish philosopher best known for his philosophy of dialogue , a form of existentialism centered on the distinction between the I--
Franciszek Dionizy Kniaźnin ( 4 October 1750 , Vitebsk -- 25 August 1807 , Końskowola ) is considered to be one of the most distinguished Polish poets of the Polish sentimentalism in the Enlightenment period .
Hans Hækkerup ( 3 December 1945 -- 22 December 2013 ) was a Danish politician who has served as a member of parliament ( Folketing ) for the Social Democratic party and as the Minister of Defense in four cabinets of Poul Nyrup Rasmussen .
Hans Speier ( February 3 , 1905 -- February 17 , 1990 ) was an American sociologist with German origin .
Orélie - Antoine de Tounens ( May 12 , 1825 -- September 17 , 1878 ) was a French lawyer , and adventurer , who assumed the title of King of Araucanía and Patagonia .
Giuseppe Di Vittorio , also known under the pseudonym Nicoletti ( August 11 , 1892 -- November 3 , 1957 ) , was an Italian syndicalist trade unionist and communist politician , one of the most influential leaders of the labor movement after World War I.
Carl Wilhelm Hermann Nothnagel ( 28 September 1841 -- 7 July 1905 ) was a German internist born in Alt - Lietzegöricke ( Polish : Stare Łysogórki ) , nearby Bärwalde in der Neumark ( Polish : Mieszkowice ) , Neumark , Brandenburg .
Julian Kornhauser ( born 20 September 1946 in Gliwice , Poland ) is a Polish - Jewish poet and literary critic .
Pierre Mollier le Cavailler is a French historian , born in Lyon in 1961 .
Eugène Dutuit ( 7 April 1807 -- 25 June 1886 ) was a French politician and art collector who also wrote several works on art history .
Daniel Casey ( born 1 June 1972 ) is an English actor .
Arthur Moritz Schoenflies ( German : ( ˈʃøːnfliːs ) ; 17 April 1853 -- 27 May 1928 ) , sometimes written as Schönflies , was a German mathematician , known for his contributions to the application of group theory to crystallography , and for work in topology .
Hugh Candidus ( c. 1095 -- c. 1160 ) was a monk of the Benedictine monastery at Peterborough , who wrote a Medieval Latin account of its history , from its foundation as Medeshamstede in the mid 7th century up to the mid 12th century .
Robert Sténuit worked as a professional diver for the French company SOGETRAM ( Société Générale de Travaux Maritimes et Fluviaux ) , but eventually left SOGETRAM to become the chief diver for Edwin Link 's Man in Sea project .
Martin Helwig ( Latin : Martino Heilwig ) ( 5 November 1516 -- 26 January 1574 ) was a German cartographer of and from Silesia and pedagogue .
Ernst Theodor Amadeus Hoffmann ( commonly abbreviated as E. T. A. Hoffmann ; born Ernst Theodor Wilhelm Hoffmann ; 24 January 1776 -- 25 June 1822 ) , was a German Romantic author of fantasy and horror , a jurist , composer , music critic , draftsman and caricaturist .
Malte Herwig ( born 2 October 1972 ) is a German - born author , journalist , and literary critic .
Friedrich Gundolf , born Friedrich Leopold Gundelfinger ( 20 July 1880 -- 12 July 1931 ) was a German - Jewish literary scholar and poet and one of the most famous academics of the Weimar Republic .
Horst Brünner ( 1929 - -2008 ) was deputy Defense Minister in the East German Council of Ministers and chief of the Central Political Administration of the National People 's Army .
Bertrand P. Collomb is a French business executive .
Gilles Saint - Paul ( born 8 February 1963 ) is a French economist at the Toulouse 1 University Social Sciences .
Wang Xufeng ( Chinese : 王旭烽 ; pinyin : Wáng Xùfēng ; born 1955 ) is an influential Chinese writer and tea expert .
Harald Høffding ( 11 March 1843 -- 2 July 1931 ) was a Danish philosopher and theologian .
Antonino Zichichi ( Italian pronunciation : ( antoˈniːno ddziˈkiːki ) ; born October 15 , 1929 in Trapani , Sicily ) is an Italian physicist who has worked in the field of nuclear physics .
David Polhill ( 1674 -- 15 January 1754 ) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons variously between 1710 and 1754 .
Laura Betti ( May 1 , 1927 -- July 31 , 2004 ) was an Italian actress known particularly for her work with directors Federico Fellini , Pier Paolo Pasolini and Bernardo Bertolucci .
János Garay ( 10 October 1812 -- 5 November 1853 ) was a Hungarian poet and author , was born in Szekszárd , Tolna County .
Jenny Weleminsky , née Elbogen ( 12 June 1882 - -4 February 1957 ) , was a German - speaking Esperantist and translator who lived in Prague , Czechoslovakia and Thalheim , Lower Austria .
Heinrich Besseler ( April 2 , 1900 -- July 25 , 1969 ) was a German musicologist born in Hörde , Germany .
William John Kenneth Diplock , Baron Diplock , QC ( 8 December 1907 -- 14 October 1985 ) was an English judge and Law Lord .
Sancho Dávila Toledo ( Sancho de Avila ) ( Ávila , Old Castile , 1546 , -- Plasencia , Caceres , 6 or 7 December 1625 ) was a Spanish bishop .
Aeschylus ( /ˈiːskᵻləs/ or /ˈɛskᵻləs/ ; Greek : Αἰσχύλος Aiskhulos ; Ancient Greek : ( ai̯s.kʰý.los ) ; c. 525/524 -- c. 456/455 BC ) was an ancient Greek tragedian .
Barbara Schöneberger ( born 5 March 1974 ) is a German actress , singer , and TV host .
Vasco da Gama , 1st Count of Vidigueira , ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( ˈvaʃku ðɐ ˈɣɐmɐ ) ; c. 1460s -- 23 December 1524 ) was a Portuguese explorer .
In 1967 Friedrich Heer became the first winner of the Martin Buber - Franz Rosenzweig Medal , awarded by a group of forty - four German societies for Christian and Jewish understanding , for his achievement with God 's First Love .
Hermann Rorschach ( German : ( ˈhɛrman ˈroːrʃax ) ; 8 November 1884 -- 1 April 1922 ) was a Swiss Freudian psychiatrist and psychoanalyst , best known for developing a projective test known as the Rorschach inkblot test .
Jane Avril ( 9 June 1868 -- 17 January 1943 ) was a French can - can dancer made famous by Henri de Toulouse - Lautrec through his paintings .
Ettore Petrolini ( January 13 , 1884 -- June 29 , 1936 ) was an Italian stage and film actor , playwright , screenwriter and novelist .
Mariusz Zaruski ( 1867 - -1941 ) was a Brigadier - General in the Polish Army , a pioneer of Polish sports yachting , an outstanding climber of the winter and caves of Tatra Mountains .
Sir Theodore Fry , 1st Baronet ( 1 May 1836 -- 5 February 1912 ) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1895 .
Michael Wieck ( born 19 July 1928 ) is a German violinist and author .
Mukri ( 5 January 1922 -- 4 September 2000 ) was an Indian film actor , who worked as a comedian in Hindi films .
Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria ( January 5 , 1614 -- November 20 , 1662 ) was an Austrian military commander , Governor of the Spanish Netherlands from 1647 to 1656 , and a patron of the arts .
Ottupulackal Velukkuty Vijayan ( 2 July 1930 -- 30 March 2005 ) , commonly known as O. V. Vijayan , was an Indian author and cartoonist , who was an important figure in modern Malayalam language literature .
Eduard von Borsody ( German : ( ˈboʁʒodi ) ; 13 June 1898 -- 1 January 1970 ) was an Austrian cameraman , film editor , film director and screenplay writer .
Phyllis Bedells ( 9 August 1893 -- 2 May 1985 ) was an English ballerina and teacher .
Charles Eugène Bertrand ( 2 January 1851 , Paris -- 18 August 1917 ) was a French botanist , paleobotanist and geologist .
Theodor Lerner ( 10 April 1866 -- 12 May 1931 ) was a German journalist and polar explorer who conducted several expeditions to Svalbard .
Mario Bencastro ( born 1949 ) is a Salvadoran novelist and painter who has also written both plays and short stories that have been published in Spanish and English .
Sir William Lawrence , 1st Baronet , FRCS , FRS ( Cirencester , 16 July 1783 -- London , 5 July 1867 ) was an English surgeon who became President of the Royal College of Surgeons of London and Serjeant Surgeon to the Queen .
Bogo Grafenauer ( 16 March 1916 -- 12 May 1995 ) was a Slovenian historian , who mostly wrote about medieval history in the Slovene Lands .
Friedrich Wöhler ( 31 July 1800 -- 23 September 1882 ) was a German chemist , best known for his synthesis of urea , but also the first to isolate several chemical elements .
Paul Bocuse ( pronounced : ( pɔl bokyz ) ) ( born 11 February 1926 ) is a French chef based in Lyon who is famous for the high quality of his restaurants and his innovative approaches to cuisine .
Giovanni Benedetto Castiglione ( baptized 23 March 1609 -- 5 May 1664 ) was an Italian Baroque artist , painter , printmaker and draftsman , of the Genoese school .
Roland Stelter ( born in Berlin in 1953 ) is a German author , visual artist and designer .
Pedro Antonio Vega Rodríguez ( born 19 July 1979 in Vega de San Mateo , Las Palmas , Canary Islands ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a left winger .
Thomas Warburton ( born 4 March 1918 in Vaasa ) is a Finnish writer , translator , and recipient of the Eino Leino Prize in 1997 .
Adrien Dauzats , a French landscape and genre painter , was born at Bordeaux in 1804 .
Oskar Kuhn ( 7 March 1908 , Munich -- 1990 ) was a German palaeontologist .
Paul Thieme ( German : ( paʊl ˈtiːmə ) ; 18 March 1905 -- 24 April 2001 ) was a German Ιndologist and scholar of Vedic Sanskrit .
Ioan Slavici ( Romanian pronunciation : ( iˈo̯an ˈslavit͡ʃʲ ) ; January 18 , 1848 -- August 17 , 1925 ) was a Transylvanian - born Romanian writer and journalist .
Luc Delahaye ( born 1962 ) is a French photographer known for his large - scale color works depicting conflicts , world events or social issues .
Enrique Gil Robles ( 1849 - 1908 ) was a Spanish law scholar and a Carlist theorist .
Alain Jacquet ( 22 February 1939 -- 4 September 2008 ) was a French artist representative of the American Pop Art movement .
Juan Antonio González Iglesias ( born 1964 in Salamanca ) is a Spanish poet who writes primarily in Castilian .
Mathias Döpfner ( born January 15 , 1963 ) , is Chief Executive Officer of German media group Axel Springer SE .
Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay ( listen ) ( 12 September 1894 -- 1 November 1950 ) was an Indian Bengali author and one of the leading writers of modern Bengali literature .
Gérard Rancinan is a French photographer whose work has appeared in publications such as Sports Illustrated , Time , Life Magazine , Sunday Times Magazine , and Paris Match .
Lieutenant - General Henry Freydenberg ( 14 December 1876 -- 20 August 1975 ) was a French army officer .
Julio Salinas Fernández ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈxuljo saˈlinas ferˈnandeθ ) ; born 11 September 1962 ) is a Spanish retired footballer who played during the 1980s and 1990s .
Paravoor Bharathan was an Indian actor of Malayalam films .
Alexander , Prince of Schaumburg - Lippe ( Ernst August Alexander Christian Viktor Hubert ) ( born 25 December 1958 ) is the head of the House of Schaumburg - Lippe , which ruled the sovereign principality of the same name within the German Empire until 1918 .
Anis Mansour , also transliterated as Anīs Manṣūr ( Arabic : أنيس منصور‎ , IPA : ( ʔæˈniːs mɑnˈsˤuːɾ ) ) ( 18 August 1925 -- 21 October 2011 ) was an Egyptian writer .
Ivan Aguéli ( born John Gustaf Agelii ) ( May 24 , 1869 - October 1 , 1917 ) also named Sheikh ' Abd al - Hādī ' Aqīlī ( Arabic : شيخ عبد الهادی عقیلی‎ ) upon his conversion to Islam , was a Swedish wandering Sufi , painter and author .
Pío Baroja y Nessi ( 28 December 1872 -- 30 October 1956 ) was a Spanish writer , one of the key novelists of the Generation of ' 98 .
Abbé Jacques Testu de Belval ( c. 1626 , Paris -- June 1706 ) was a French ecclesiastic and poet .
Corinne Hofmann is a German born author living in Switzerland , most famous for her multi - million selling memoir Die weisse Massai ( The White Masai ) .
Luthea Salom is a Spanish indie folk singer - songwriter born in Barcelona and based in New York City .
Zofka Kveder ( 22 April 1878 -- 21 November 1926 ) was a writer , playwright , translator and journalist who wrote in Slovene and later in life also in Croatian .
Hans - Jürgen Syberberg ( born 8 December 1935 ) is a German film director , whose best known film is his lengthy feature , Hitler :
Rami Saari ( Hebrew : רמי סערי‎ ; b. 1963 , Petah Tikva , Israel ) is an Israeli poet , translator , linguist and literary critic .
Mihai Șora ( Romanian pronunciation : ( miˈhaj ˈʃora ) ; born November 7 , 1916 in Ianova ) is a Romanian philosopher and essayist .
Francis Otter ( 1831 -- 29 May 1895 ) was an English Liberal politician .
Elias von Cyon , also known as Elie de Cyon , born Ilya Fadeyevich Tsion ( Russian- Илья Фаддеевич Цион ) ; ( March 25 , 1843 -- 1912 ) was a Russian - French physiologist born in Telšiai , Russian Empire ( today Lithuania ) .
Henry John Trotter ( 8 December 1835 -- 6 December 1888 ) was an English barrister , railway director and Conservative politician .
Jane Merrow ( born Jane Meirowsky , 26 August 1941 ) is a British actress , born in Hertfordshire to an English mother and German refugee father , who was active in the 1960s and 1970s in Britain and the United States .
Hector Durville ( 1849 - -1923 ) was a French occultist , magnetizer in the late 19th century .
María Mercedes Milá Mencos ( born 4 April 1951 ) is a Spanish television presenter and journalist , most notable for her work on Spain 's Telecinco 's Gran Hermano , the Spanish version of the reality television series Big Brother .
Paul Klee ( German : ( paʊ̯l ˈkleː ) ; 18 December 1879 -- 29 June 1940 ) was a Swiss - German painter .
The Venerable Louis - Marie Baudouin ( 2 August 1765 - 12 February 1835 ) was a French Roman Catholic priest who was the founder of the Sons of Mary Immaculate and also the Ursulines of Jesus .
Robert Gaston André Maréchal ( 10 December 1916 -- 14 October 2007 ) was a French researcher and administrator in optics .
Tiziano Sclavi ( born April 3 , 1953 in Broni ) is an Italian comic book author , journalist and writer of several novels .
William Egerton ( originally William Tatton ) ( 1749 -- 1806 ) was an English politician and a member of the Egerton family .
Guo Moruo ( Chinese : 郭沫若 ; pinyin : Guō Mòruò ; Wade -- Giles : Kuo Mo - jo ; November 16 , 1892 -- June 12 , 1978 ) , courtesy name Dingtang ( 鼎堂 ) , was a Chinese author , poet , historian , archaeologist , and government official from Sichuan , China .
María Luisa Elío Bernal ( 17 August 1926 -- 17 July 2009 ) was a Spanish writer and actress exiled in Mexico .
Georges Coutagne ( 20 September 1854 , in Lyon -- 18 August 1928 , in Saint - Genis - Laval ) was a French biologist , botanist , engineer , malacologist and naturalist .
Ulrich Wehling ( born 8 July 1952 in Halle ) is a retired German skier who won the nordic combined event in the Winter Olympics three consecutive times , in 1972 , 1976 , and 1980 .
Baron Eligius Franz Joseph von Münch - Bellinghausen ( German : Eligius Franz Joseph Freiherr von Münch - Bellinghausen ) ( April 2 , 1806 -- May 22 , 1871 ) was an Austrian dramatist , poet and novella writer of the Austrian Biedermeier period and beyond , and is more generally known under his pseudonym Friedrich Halm .
Niccolò Ghedini ( Padua , 22 December 1959 ) is an Italian lawyer and politician .
Jeroen van de Weijer ( born August 29 , 1965 , Nijmegen ) is a Dutch linguist who teaches phonology , morphology , phonetics , psycholinguistics , historical linguistics and other courses at Shanghai International Studies University , where he is Full Professor of English linguistics under the `` 211-Project '' at the School of English Studies .
Alessandro Longo ( 31 December 1864 -- 3 November 1945 ) was an Italian composer and musicologist .
Charles Lethbridge Kingsford ( 25 December 1862 -- 29 November 1926 ) was known as a scholarly English historian and author .
Robert Morden ( c.1650 - 1703 ) was an English bookseller , publisher , and maker of maps and globes .
Pierre Dejussieu - Pontcarral ( 14 February 1898 , Lyon - 1 August 1984 , Paris ) was a French military man who fought during World War I , and again during World War II when he became one of the leaders of French Resistance .
Grga Novak ( 1888 - -1978 ) was a distinguished Croatian historian , archaeologist and geographer , President of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts from 1958 to 1978 .
Charles - Antoine Cambon ( 1802 -- 23 October 1875 ) was a French scene - painter , born in Paris .
Emil Haraszti ( 1885 - 1958 ) was a Hungarian born French music critic and author .
Adel Smith ( 1960 - August 22 , 2014 ) , born as Emilio Smith in Alexandria , Egypt , was an Italian Muslim known for his radical stances and often accused of fundamentalism .
Zbigniew Morsztyn ( Morstin , Morstyn ) ( ca . 1628 -- December 13 , 1689 ) was a Polish poet .
Bernardo Rucellai ( 11 August 1448 -- 7 October 1514 ) , also known as Bernardo di Giovanni Rucellai or as Latin :
Jean Dufy ( March 12 , 1888 - May 12 , 1964 ) was a French painter of Parisian society , country scenes , circuses , horse races , stages , and orchestras .
Haydée Tamara Bunke Bider ( November 19 , 1937 -- August 31 , 1967 ) , better known as Tania or Tania the Guerrilla , was an Argentine - born East German communist revolutionary and spy who played a prominent role in the Cuban government after the Cuban Revolution and in various Latin American revolutionary movements .
Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont ( 1553 -- 23 March 1613 ) was a Spanish soldier , painter , musician and inventor .
Andreas of Bergamo ( Latin : Andreas Bergomas or Bergomatis ) was an Italian historian of the late ninth century .
Gilbert Duclos - Lassalle ( born August 25 , 1954 in Lembeye ) is a former French professional road racing cyclist who was a specialist at one - day classic cycling races .
Colin Dann ( born 1943 in Richmond , Surrey , ( now in London ) ) is an English author .
Justus van Maurik ( Amsterdam 16 August 1846 -- 18 November 1904 ) , or Justus van Maurik Jr. , was a Dutch author and cigar maker .
Aimé Joseph Edmond Rousse ( 18 March 1817 -- 1 August 1906 ) was a French lawyer , and member of the Académie française from 1880 until his death .
József Egry ( 1883 - -1951 ) was a Hungarian painter , considered a significant representative of Hungarian modernism .
Abu Ali Muhammad Bal'ami ( Persian : ابو علی محمد‎ ) , also called Amirak Bal'ami ( امیرک بلعمی ) and Bal'ami - i Kuchak ( بلعمی کوچک , `` Bal'ami the Younger '' ) , was a Persian historian , writer , and vizier to the Samanids .
Johann Peter Salomon ( 20 February 1745 ( baptized ) -- 28 November 1815 ) was a German violinist , composer , conductor and musical impresario .
Federico Chueca ( 5 May 1846 -- 20 June 1908 ) was a Spanish composer of zarzuelas and author of La gran vía along with Joaquín Valverde Durán in 1886 .
Jean - Michel Nectoux ( born 20 November 1946 ) is a French musicologist , particularly noted as an expert on the life and music of Gabriel Fauré .
Miguel Primo de Rivera y Sáenz de Heredia , 2nd Duke of Primo de Rivera , 4th Marquis of Estella ( 11 July 1904 -- 8 May 1964 ) was a Spanish lawyer and politician and diplomat .
Gergely Csiky ( also Gregor Csiky ; 8 December 1842 -- 19 November 1891 ) was a Hungarian dramatist .
Émile Nestor Joseph Carlier ( 3 January 1849 -- 11 April 1927 ) , called Joseph Carlier , was a French sculptor .
William Sargeant Roden ( 24 November 1829 -- 25 April 1882 ) was an English iron master and Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons from 1868 to 1874 .
Pierre Lepori ( Lugano , Switzerland , 1968 ) is a Swiss translator and writer in Italian and French .
Bo Rothstein ( born 12 June 1954 ) is an internationally acclaimed Swedish political scientist who holds the August Röhss Chair in Political Science at University of Gothenburg , Sweden .
Ettore Spalletti ( Cappelle sul Tavo , 1940 ) is an Italian artist .
Kavitrayam is a Telugu expression for trinity of poets .
Domingo de la Anunciación ( 1510 - -1591 ) , born Juan de Ecija ( also spelled as Ecía ) , was a Spanish Dominican missionary in New Spain ( now Mexico ) .
Giles Foden ( born 1967 ) is an English author , best known for his novel The Last King of Scotland ( 1998 ) .
Božidar Ferjančić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Божидар Ферјанчић ; 17 February 1929 -- 28 June 1998 ) was Serbian historian , specialist for history of later Byzantine empire and Serbian medieval history .
Didier Levallet ( b. Arcy - sur - Cure , France , 19 July 1944 ) is a French jazz double bassist , composer , arranger and leader .
Samrat Upadhyay ( Nepali : सम्राट उपाध्याय ) is a Nepalese writer who writes in English .
Tố Hữu was born as Nguyễn Kim Thành in Phù Lai Village in central Vietnam , later taking on the pseudonym Tố Hữu , whose Sino - Vietnamese etymology is unknown .
Hans Baron ( June 22 , 1900 -- November 26 , 1988 ) was a German - American historian of political thought and literature .
Sir John Tenniel ( 28 February 1820 -- 25 February 1914 ) was an English illustrator , graphic humourist , and political cartoonist whose work was prominent during the second half of the 19th century .
Karl Anton ( 25 October 1898 -- 12 April 1979 ) was a German film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Pierre de La Gorce ( 29 June 1846 , Vannes -- 2 January 1934 ) was a French magistrate , lawyer and historian , as well as a member of the Académie française .
Edith Nesbit ( married name Edith Bland ; 15 August 1858 -- 4 May 1924 ) was an English author and poet ; she published her books for children under the name of E. Nesbit .
Jean de Brunhoff ( December 9 , 1899 -- October 16 , 1937 ) was a French writer and illustrator known for creating the Babar books , the first of which appeared in 1931 .
Naomi Shemer ( Hebrew : נעמי שמר‎ ; July 13 , 1930 -- June 26 , 2004 ) was a leading Israeli musician and songwriter , hailed as the `` first lady of Israeli song and poetry . ''
Stanisław Jachowicz ( 17 April 1796 in Dzików near Tarnobrzeg - 24 December 1857 in Warsaw ) was a Polish educator , poet and children books author .
Ravali is a film actress who has appeared in Hindi , Kannada , Telugu and Tamil films .
Vincenc Lesný was a Czech Indologist and Sanskritist who taught at the Univerzita Karlova v Praze .
Lise Lindbæk ( 1 January 1905 -- 13 March 1961 ) was a Norwegian freelance journalist and foreign correspondent , and writer of several books .
Pedro Cruz Villalón ( born 25 May 1946 ) is a Spanish jurist who currently is one of the Advocates General at the European Court of Justice .
Philip Gilbert Hamerton ( 10 September 1834 -- 4 November 1894 ) , was an English artist , art critic and author .
Paal - Helge Haugen ( born 26 April 1945 ) is a Norwegian lyricist , novelist , dramatist and children 's writer .
Augusto De Angelis ( 28 June 1888 -- 18 July 1944 ) was an Italian writer and journalist , active in particular during the Fascist rule in Italy .
Jeannie Longo ( born 31 October 1958 in Annecy , Haute - Savoie ) is a French racing cyclist , 59-time French champion and 13-time world champion .
Francis Delpérée ( French : ( dɛlpeʁe ) ) is a Belgian politician and a member of the cdH born on 14 January 1942 in Liege .
Felix Nussbaum ( 11 December 1904 -- 9 August 1944 ) was a German - Jewish surrealist painter .
Ferenc Sánta ( September 4 , 1927 -- June 6 , 2008 ) was a Hungarian novelist and film screenwriter .
Yosef Eliyahu Chelouche ( Hebrew pronunciation : ( ʃluʃ ) , Hebrew : יוסף אליהו שלוש‎ , 1870 -- 23 July 1934 ) was one of the founders of Tel Aviv , an entrepreneur , businessman and industrialist .
Lisa Syrén Jardbrink ( born 1955 ) is a Swedish journalist and presenter at Sveriges Radio since 1986 .
Jean - Claude Chermann is a French virologist who managed the research team which , by 1983 , under the administrative supervision of Luc Montagnier , had discovered the virus associated with AIDS .
Marie de Rohan ( Marie Aimée ; December 1600 -- 12 August 1679 ) was a French aristocrat , famed for being the center of many of the intrigues of the first half of the 17th century in France .
Gabriele Hooffacker ( born February 10 , 1959 ) is a German journalist , journalism teacher and a professor for specifics of media at Leipzig University of Applied Science .
Giovanni Vailati ( 24 April 1863 -- 14 May 1909 ) was an Italian proto - analytic philosopher , historian of science , and mathematician .
Charles Delaunay ( 18 January 1911 -- 16 February 1988 ) was a French author , jazz expert , co - founder and long - term leader of the Hot Club de France .
Hans - Joachim Gehrke ( born 28 October 1945 , Salzgitter - Lebenstedt ) is a German archaeologist .
David Chytraeus or Chyträus ( 26 February 1530 , Ingelfingen -- 25 June 1600 , Rostock ) was a German Lutheran theologian and historian .
Domingo Traggia ( 1744 - -1816 ) was a Spanish military man , academic , historian and writer .
Zaki Naguib Mahmoud ( February 2 , 1905 - September 8 , 1993 ) was an Egyptian intellectual and thinker , and is considered a pioneer in modern Arabic philosophical thought .
Pordenone , Il Pordenone in Italian , is the byname of Giovanni Antonio de '' Sacchis ( c. 1484 - -1539 ) , an Italian Mannerist painter , loosely of the Venetian school .
Cesare Ciardi ( 28 June 1818 -- 13 June 1877 ) was an Italian flautist and composer .
Marco Paolini ( born March 5 , 1956 ) is an Italian stage actor , theatre director , dramaturge and author .
Jean - Marie Souriau ( 3 June 1922 -- 15 March 2012 ) was a French mathematician , known for works in symplectic geometry , in which he was one of the pioneers .
Isabel Vericat Núñez ( born c. 1970 ) , is a Spanish - Mexican lawyer , book writer and translator of many languages .
Edward Fitzball ( 1792 -- 27 October 1873 ) was a popular English playwright , who specialised in melodrama .
Juli Minoves i Triquell ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒuli miˈnɔβes ) ) ( born August 15 , 1969 in Andorra la Vella ) is an Andorran diplomat , author , and the 13th President of Liberal International .
Luchino Visconti di Modrone , Count of Lonate Pozzolo ( 2 November 1906 -- 17 March 1976 ) , was an Italian theatre , opera and cinema director , as well as a screenwriter .
Jean Pecquet ( 9 May 1622 , Dieppe , Seine - Maritime -- 26 February 1674 ) was a French scientist .
Edmond Desbonnet ( 1867 -- 1953 ) was a French academic and photographer who championed physical culture .
Hans Peterson ( born October 26 , 1922 ) is a Swedish writer , mainly of children 's literature .
Lieutenant Colonel John Masters , DSO ( 1914 - -1983 ) was an English officer in the Indian Army and later a novelist .
Peckinpah 's use of violence was parodied by Monty Python in Sam Peckinpah 's `` Salad Days '' , one of the more controversial episodes of Monty Python 's Flying Circus , in which a lovely day out for an upper - class English family turns into a blood - soaked orgy of severed limbs and gushing wounds .
Desidério Murcho ( born 18 May 1965 ) is a Portuguese philosopher , professor , and writer .
Subhadra Kumari Chauhan ( 16 August1904 -- 15 February 1948 ) was an Indian poet famous for Hindi poems composed primarily in Veer Ras , one of the nine Ras ' ( English : Flavour / Subgenre ) .
George Henry Compton Cavendish ( 14 October 1784 -- 22 January 1809 ) was an English politician , the son of Lord George Cavendish , later Earl of Burlington .
Peter Weibel ( German : ( ˈvaɪbəl ) ; born 5 March 1944 in Odessa , USSR ) is an Austrian artist , curator and theoretician .
Nguyễn Đình Thi ( December 20 , 1924 -- April 18 , 2003 ) was a Vietnamese writer and a composer .
Joseph Warton ( April 1722 -- 23 February 1800 ) was an English academic and literary critic .
Bibi de Vries ( born March 15 , 1963 in Egmond aan Zee , North Holland ) was a member of the Dutch liberal VVD ( Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie ) parliamentary party in the House of Representatives .
Francisco Javier de Istúriz y Montero ( 31 October 1790 in Cádiz -- 2 April 1871 in Madrid ) was a Spanish politician and diplomat who served as Prime Minister , President of the Senate and President of the Congress of Deputies several times .
Oskar Negt ( German pronunciation : ( ˈneːkt ) ; born 1 August 1934 in Kapkeim , East Prussia ) is a philosopher and social theorist in the tradition of critical theory .
Jiiva , also written Jeeva , ( born Amar on 4 January 1984 ) is an Indian film actor who predominantly appears in Tamil films .
Jacques Tits ( French : ( tits ) ; born 12 August 1930 in Uccle ) is a Belgium - born French mathematician who works on group theory and geometry and who introduced Tits buildings , the Tits alternative , and the Tits group .
Jay Kay ( born Jason Luís Cheetham ; 30 December 1969 ) is an English musician , best known as the lead singer of the British acid jazz band Jamiroquai .
Marina Rossell i Figueras ( born January 17 , 1954 in Castellet i la Gornal , ) is a Spanish singer in Catalan and Spanish .
Manuel Toharia Cortés is a Spanish science writer , museum director and television personality .
Hermann Weller transferred from the Real Lyceum in Gmünd to the `` Latin School '' in Bad Mergentheim .
Eusebio Blasco Soler ( 1844 - -1903 ) was a Spanish journalist , poet and playwright .
Huguette Delavault ( 15 January 1924 -- 2 April 2003 ) was a French mathematician , specializing in mathematical physics .
Armando Gallo ( born January 24 , 1944 in Mira , Veneto ) is an Italian journalist and photographer .
Georg Tressler ( January 25 , 1917 -- January 6 , 2007 ) was a Vienna - born German film actor and film director .
Pedro Agustín Girón , 4th Marquis de las Amarilas , Duque of Ahumada ( 1778 - -1842 ) was a Spanish military officer and politician .
Karel Vik was a Czech artist , painter and printmaker .
Poojappura Ravi is an Indian actor , primarily concentrating in Malayalam films doing comedy roles .
Isaac Schneersohn ( ( 1879 or 1881)--1969 ) was a French rabbi , industrialist , and the founder of the first Holocaust Archives and Memorial .
Léon Duguit ( 1859 - -1928 ) was a leading French scholar of administrative law .
Antonia Gransden , English historian and medievalist , is former Reader in Medieval History at the University of Nottingham .
Teodor Parnicki ( 1908 - 1988 ) was a Polish writer , notable for his historical novels .
John Baptist Grano ( c. 1692 -- c. 1748 ) was an English trumpeter , flutist and composer , who worked with George Frederick Handel at the opera house in London 's Haymarket .
Girolamo Maggi ( c. 1523 , Anghiari -- March 27 , 1572 in Constantinople ) , also known by his Latin name Hieronymus Magius , was an Italian scholar , jurist , poet , military engineer , urban planner , philologist , archaeologist , mathematician , and naturalist who studied at Bologna under Francis Robortello .
Jiří Pernes ( 4 July 1948 , Svitavy ) is a Czech historian .
Tadeusz Borowski ( Polish pronunciation : ( taˈdɛuʂ bɔˈrɔfskʲi ) ; 12 November 1922 -- 1 July 1951 ) was a Polish writer and journalist .
Carolina Kostner ( Italian pronunciation : ( karoˈliːna ˈkɔstner ) ; born February 8 , 1987 ) is an Italian figure skater .
Jiřina Hauková ( January 27 , 1919 , Přerov -- December 15 , 2005 ) was a Czech poet and translator .
Walter Sneyd ( 1752 - -1829 ) , of Keele Hall , Staffordshire , was an English politician .
Bernard von Brentano ( born 15 October 1901 in Offenbach am Main , died 29 December 1964 in Wiesbaden ) was a German writer , poet , playwright , storyteller , novelist , essayist and journalist .
Pierre Tarin ( 1735 - -1761 ) was a French doctor , writer , and translator , born in Courtenay .
Louis - Guillaume Le Monnier ( sometimes written as Lemonnier ) ( 27 June 1717 -- 7 September 1799 ) was a French natural scientist and contributor to the Encyclopédie ou Dictionnaire raisonné des sciences , des arts et des métiers .
Ola Billgren ( 5 January 1940 -- 4 November 2001 ) was a Swedish artist and art theorist .
Anna Wierzbicka ( ˈanna vʲɛʐˈbʲitska ) ( born 10 March 1938 in Warsaw ) is a Polish linguist currently working at the Australian National University in Canberra .
Thomas Bray ( 1658 -- 15 February 1730 ) was an English clergyman and abolitionist who helped formally establish the Church of England in Maryland , as well as the Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge and Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts .
Sir Robert Long , 6th Baronet ( 1705 -- 10 February 1767 ) was an English politician .
Otto Hirschfeld ( March 16 , 1843 -- March 27 , 1922 ) was a German epigraphist and professor of ancient history who was a native of Königsberg .
Sławomir Rawicz ( Polish pronunciation : ( swaˈvɔmir ˈravit͡ʂ ) ; 1 September 1915 -- 5 April 2004 ) was a Polish Army lieutenant who was imprisoned by the NKVD after the German - Soviet invasion of Poland .
Tristan Garcia ( born 5 April 1981 ) is a French philosopher and novelist .
Konrad Pellikan ( German : Conrad Kürsner ; Latin : Conradus Pellicanus ; sometimes anglicized as Conrad Pellican ; January 8 , 1478 , Rouffach in Alsace -- May 6 , 1556 , Zurich ) was a German Protestant theologian , humanist , and Christian Hebraist who worked chiefly in Switzerland .
Pierre Lamalattie ( born 1956 in Paris ) is a French painter , novelist and art critic .
Stefan Witwicki ( September 13 , 1801 -- April 15 , 1847 ) was a Polish poet of the Romantic period .
Ileana D'Cruz ( born 1 November 1987 ) is an Indian film actress , who predominantly appears in Telugu and Hindi films .
Siegfried Obermeier ( Munich , 21 January 1936 - Oberschleißheim near Munich , 21 January 2011 ) was a German author of historical novels and popular history books .
Peter Longerich ( born 1955 ) is a German professor of history .
Ibrahim al - Yaziji ( Arabic ابراهيم اليازجي , Ibrahim al - Yāzijī ; 1847 - -1906 ) was an Arab philologist , poet and journalist .
Mark Herman ( born 1954 ) is an English film director and screenwriter best known for writing and directing the 2008 film The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas .
Assi Rahbani ( Arabic : عاصي الرحباني ; May 4 , 1923 - June 21 , 1986 ) was a Lebanese composer , musician and producer .
Murathan Mungan ( born 21 April 1955 in Istanbul ) is a Turkish author , short story writer , playwright and poet .
Álvar García de Santa María ( 1370 - -1460 ) was a Spanish historian and Jewish convert to Roman Catholicism during the late Middle Ages .
Wolfgang Leonhard ( 16 April 1921 -- 17 August 2014 ) was a German political author , historian and a profound connoisseur on Soviet communism .
Paul Pen ( born December 23 , 1979 ) is a Spanish author of literary fiction , thriller and suspense .
Antoine Le Maistre ( 1608 -- 4 November 1658 ) was a French Jansenist lawyer , author and translator .
Romain Sardou ( born January 6 , 1974 ) , is a French novelist born in Boulogne - Billancourt , Hauts - de - Seine .
François Charles - Roux ( 1879 - 1961 ) was a French businessman , historian and diplomat .
Arild Aspøy is a Norwegian journalist , writer , director and editor .
Joram Lindenstrauss ( Hebrew : יורם לינדנשטראוס‎ ) ( October 28 , 1936 -- April 29 , 2012 ) was an Israeli mathematician working in functional analysis .
Chu Hsi - ning ( Chinese : 朱西甯 ; pinyin : Zhū Xīníng ; June 16 , 1927 -- March 22 , 1998 ) was born in Linqu , Shandong .
Louis Jensen ( born 19 July 1943 ) is a Danish author who is an innovator in the international literary trends of flash fiction , metafiction , prose poetry , and magical realism .
Piotr Kuncewicz ( 19 March 1936 -- 9 April 2007 ) was a Polish writer and Freemason in the Grand Orient of Poland .
Giulio Paolini ( born 5 November 1940 ) is an Italian artist associated with both Arte Povera and Conceptual Art .
Finn Juhl ( 30 January 1912 -- 17 May 1989 ) was a Danish architect , interior and industrial designer , most known for his furniture design .
John Aikin ( 15 January 1747 -- 7 December 1822 ) was an English doctor and writer .
Charles Sandison ( born 24 April 1969 ) is an English born Scottish visual artist who lives and works in Tampere , Finland .
Günther Weisenborn ( 10 July 1902 -- 26 March 1969 ) was a German writer and fighter in the German Resistance against Nazism .
Charles Julien Brianchon ( 19 December 1783 -- 29 April 1864 ) was a French mathematician and chemist .
Lin Biao ( pinyin : Lín Biāo ; Wade -- Giles : Lin Piao ; IPA : ( lǐn pjáʊ ) ; December 5 , 1907 -- September 13 , 1971 ) was a Marshal of the People 's Republic of China who was pivotal in the Communist victory in the Chinese Civil War , especially in Northeast China .
Pierre Marie Heude ( 25 June 1836 -- 3 January 1902 ) was a French Jesuit missionary and zoologist .
Nikolaj Frobenius ( born September 29 , 1965 ) is a Norwegian novelist and screen writer .
María Moliner ( 30 March 1900 -- 22 January 1981 ) was a Spanish librarian and lexicographer .
Nicola Zingarelli ( Italian pronunciation : ( niˈkɔːla ddziŋɡaˈrɛlli ) ; August 31 , 1860 -- June 6 , 1935 ) was an Italian philologist , the founder of the Zingarelli Italian dictionary .
Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin ( April 2 , 1790 , Saint - Paul - en - Jarez -- May 13 , 1847 ) was a pioneering French surgeon and gynecologist .
John Ivatt Briscoe ( 12 October 1791 -- 16 August 1870 ) was an English Whig and later Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1857 to 1870 .
Mariano Rumor ( Italian pronunciation : ( maˈrjaːno ruˈmor ) ; 16 June 1915 -- 22 January 1990 ) was an Italian politician .
Dr. Ágoston Trefort ( 7 February 1817 -- 22 August 1888 ) was a Hungarian politician , who served as Minister of Religion and Education from 1872 until his death .
Julio Manegat ( Barcelona , January 4 , 1922 -- Barcelona , August 9 , 2011 ) was a Spanish journalist , novelist , playwright , and poet .
Barbet Schroeder ( born 26 August 1941 ) is an Iranian - born film director and producer who started his career in French cinema in the 1960s , working together with directors such as Jean - Luc Godard and Jacques Rivette .
Javier Ignacio Maroto Aranzabal ( simply known as Javier Maroto ) is a Spanish politician .
Hanne Dahl ( born 30 August 1970 ) is a Danish priest and former politician from Aalborg .
Rosario Robles Berlanga ( Spanish pronunciation : ( roˈsaɾjo ˈroβles ) ; born 1956 ) is a Mexican politician who serves as the Secretary of Social Development in the cabinet of Enrique Peña Nieto .
José Tamayo ( 1920 - -2003 ) was a Spanish theatre director and producer , best known for his dramatic and zarzuela plays , epitomized by Antología de la Zarzuela ( Zarzuela antology ) .
Gaetano Casati ( 1838 - -1902 ) was an Italian explorer of Africa , born in Lesmo in upper Italy .
Nestor Léon Marchand ( 15 April 1833 -- 16 April 1911 ) was a French medical doctor , pharmacist , and botanist .
Eirik Newth ( born 17 August 1964 ) is a Norwegian astrophysicist , writer of popular science for children , and media personality .
Émilienne d’Alençon ( 1869 - -1946 ) was a French dancer , actress and courtesan .
Ernst Pepping ( 12 September 1901 -- 1 February 1981 ) was a German composer of classical music and academic teacher .
George Watson - Taylor ( 1771 - 1841 ) , of Cavendish Square , Middlesex and Erlestoke Park , near Devizes , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Léon Fleuriot ( 5 April 1923 -- 15 March 1987 ) was a French academic specializing in Celtic languages ( Old Breton , Welsh and Irish ) and in history , particularly that of Gallo - Roman Brittany and of the Early Middle Ages .
Sigurd Hoel ( 14 December 1890 - 14 October 1960 ) was a Norwegian author and publishing consultant , born in Nord - Odal .
Carlos Westendorp y Cabeza ( born 7 January 1937 in Madrid ) is a Spanish diplomat and current Secretary General of the Club de Madrid .
Esprit Requien ( 6 May 1788 , Avignon -- 30 May 1851 , Bonifacio , Corse - du - Sud ) was a French naturalist , who made contributions in the fields of conchology , paleontology and especially botany .
Wen Meihui ( Chinese : 文美惠 ; pinyin : Wén Meǐhuì ; born 1931 ) is a Chinese translator .
Jan Błoński ( January 15 , 1931 -- February 10 , 2009 ) was a Polish historian , literary critic , publicist and translator .
Till Nowak is a German digital artist and visual artist , graphic designer and filmmaker .
Ji Kang ( Chinese : 嵇康 ; 223 - -262 ) , also known as Xi Kang , was a Chinese author , poet , Taoist philosopher , musician and alchemist .
Renan Luce ( born 5 March 1980 , Paris ) is a French singer and songwriter .
José Ángel Antelo is a Spanish professional basketball player who plays for UCAM Murcia in the Liga ACB .
Gabriel - Madeleine - Camille Dareste de la Chavanne ( 22 November 1822 , Paris -- 1899 , Paris ) was a French zoologist and specialist in experimental embryology .
Per Olov Enquist , better known as P. O. Enquist , ( born 23 September 1934 ) is a Swedish author .
Nicholas Georgescu - Roegen , born Nicolae Georgescu ( 4 February 1906 -- 30 October 1994 ) was a Romanian American mathematician , statistician and economist .
Reverend Thomas Dyche ( died c. 1733 ) was an English schoolmaster and lexicographer ( probably ) from Ashbourne , Derbyshire .
Eulogio Despujol y Dusay , 1st Count of Caspe ( March 11 , 1834 - October 18 , 1907 ) served as the Spanish Governor - General of the Philippines between 1891 and 1893 .
Vilja Toomast ( born 15 August 1962 , Antsla as Vilja Laanaru ; 1996 - 2010 Vilja Savisaar ; 2010 - 2015 Vilja Savisaar - Toomast ) is an Estonian politician , a former Member of the European Parliament .
Una Canger ( née Una Rasmussen ) ( born May 14 , 1938 ) is a Danish linguist specializing in languages of Mesoamerica .
Zalman Shneur ( Hebrew : זלמן שניאור ) ( born 1887 ; died 20 February 1959 ) was a prolific bilingual Yiddish and Hebrew poet and writer .
Sathaar is an Indian film actor primarily works in Malayalam films .
Meyer Kayserling ( 17 June 1829 -- 21 April 1905 ) was a German rabbi and historian .
Jan Mühlstein ( born 3 July 1949 in Most , Czechoslovakia ) is a journalist , German Jewish activist and the former chair of the Union of Progressive Jews in Germany .
Shane Briant ( born 17 August 1946 in London , England ) is an English actor and novelist .
Dr. Barbara Emerson is an English historian and biographer , known for her biography of King Leopold II of Belgium .
Francis Cosne ( 17 May 1916 -- 13 December 1984 ) was a French film producer and screenwriter .
Valeska Gert ( 11 January 1892 -- circa 16 March 1978 ) was a German Jewish dancer and cabaret artist .
Ramon Espadaler Parcerisas is a Spanish politician born in Vic , Catalonia , Spain on 19 September 1963 .
Joaquín Vázquez Fernández ( August 26 , 1897 -- October 21 , 1965 ) was a Spanish footballer .
Jean - Baptiste Carpeaux ( 11 May 1827 -- 12 October 1875 ) was a French sculptor and painter during the Second Empire under Napoleon III .
Adolf Stoecker ( December 11 , 1835 -- February 2 , 1909 ) was the court chaplain to Kaiser Wilhelm II , a politician , and a German Lutheran theologian who founded one of the first Christian Social Gospel political parties in Germany , the Christian Social Party .
Ernst von Salomon ( September 25 , 1902 -- August 9 , 1972 ) was a German writer and Freikorps member .
Jordi Arrese i Castañé ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒɔrði əˈrezə j kəstəˈɲe ) ; born 29 August 1964 ) is a former professional tennis player from Spain .
Ferenc Sebő ( b. February 10 , 1947 , Szekszárd ) is a Hungarian folklorist and musician , best known as the bandleader for the Sebő Ensemble , a band that produced many future stars , including Márta Sebestyén ( later of Muzsikás ) .
Patricio de la Escosura Morrogh ( 5 November 1807 - -1878 ) was a Spanish politician , journalist , playwright and author associated with the Romantic school .
Kristian Smidt , OBE ( 20 November 1916 -- 9 August 2013 ) was a Norwegian literary historian .
Lodovico Domenichi ( 1515 - -1564 ) was an Italian translator .
Ermanno Wolf - Ferrari ( born Ermanno Wolf ) ( January 12 , 1876 -- January 21 , 1948 ) was an Italian composer and teacher .
Niveda Thomas is an actress and model who has acted in various Malayalam and Tamil movies .
José Antonio Redondo Ramos ( born 5 March 1985 in Alcázar de San Juan ) is a Spanish racing cyclist who most recently rode for UCI Professional Continental team Andalucía - Cajasur .
Corrado Tommasi - Crudeli ( 31 January 1834 to 31 May 1900 ) was an Italian physician known for his works in pathology and hygiene .
Kushal Chakraborty ( Bengali : কুশল চক্রবর্তী ) ( Born : 1966 ) is a Bengali actor and film director .
Wolf Schneider ( born 7 May 1925 in Erfurt ) is a German journalist , author and language critic .
Cayetano Rivera Ordóñez , ( born on January 13 , 1977 in Madrid , Spain ) is a Spanish torero or ' bullfighter ' .
Willis Barnstone 's first teaching position was instructor in English and French at the Anavryta Classical Lyceum in Greece , 1949 - -50 , a private school in the forest of Anavryta north of Athens , attended by prince Constantine , the later ill - fated king of Greece , who was then nine years old .
Nicolas Chambon ( 21 September 1748 , Limeil - Brévannes , ( Val - de - Marne ) , France - 2 November 1826 , Paris , France ) was a French politician who served as Mayor of Paris from 1792 to 1793 .
Władysław Orkan ( 27 November 1875 - 14 May 1930 ) ( actually born as Franciszek Ksawery Smaciarz , changed surname to Smreczyński , but primarily known under his pen name , Orkan ) was a Polish writer from the Young Poland period .
Ioan Petru Culianu or Couliano ( 5 January 1950 -- 21 May 1991 ) was a Romanian historian of religion , culture , and ideas , a philosopher and political essayist , and a short story writer .
Isaac Barrow ( October 1630 -- 4 May 1677 ) was an English Christian theologian and mathematician who is generally given credit for his early role in the development of infinitesimal calculus ; in particular , for the discovery of the fundamental theorem of calculus .
Oriol Bohigas i Guardiola ( Barcelona , 20 December 1925 ) is a Spanish architect and urban planner .
Sarah Pinborough is an English - born horror writer .
Louis Moréri ( 25 March 1643 -- 10 July 1680 ) was a French priest and encyclopaedist .
Carlo Vizzini ( born 28 April 1947 , in Palermo ) is an Italian politician .
Ineke Sluiter ( born 1959 ) is a Dutch classicist and professor of Greek Language and Literature at Leiden University .
Ponvannan ( born 12 January 1952 ) is an Indian film actor and director , who has worked in the Tamil film industry .
Robert Louzon ( 1882 - -1976 ) was a French engineer , revolutionary syndicalist , anarchist and socialist .
Henri - Pierre Danloux ( February 24 , 1753 -- January 3 , 1809 ) was a French painter and draftsman .
Jacques Zwobada , also spelt in other ways , such as Swobada and Zwoboda ( 6 August 1900 -- 6 September 1967 ) , was a French sculptor and designer .
Dietmar Rothermund is a German historian best known for his research in the economy of India .
Antonio Palacios Ramilo ( 8 January 1872 -- 27 October 1945 ) was a Galician - Spanish architect , born in O Porriño , Galicia .
Eugène Soubeiran ( December 5 , 1797 -- 17 November 1859 ) was a French scientist .
Karl Gass ( 2 February 1917 , Mannheim , Grand Duchy of Baden -- 29 January 2009 ) was a German documentary filmmaker .
Peter Pontiac ( born Peter J.G. Pollmann ; 28 April 1951 -- 20 January 2015 ) was a Dutch cartoonist .
Elia Abu Madi ( also known as Elia D. Madey ; Arabic : إيليا أبو ماضي‎ Īlyā Abū Māḍī ) ( 1889 or 1890 -- 23 November 1957 ) was a Lebanese - American poet .
Mustafa Amin ( Arabic : مصطفى أمين‎ ) ( 21 February 1914 -- 13 April 1997 ) was an Egyptian columnist and journalist who enjoyed a great deal of popularity in the Arab world .
Jüri Talvet ( born December 17 , 1945 , Pärnu ) is an Estonian poet and academic .
Enjott Schneider ( born Norbert Jürgen Schneider 25 May 1950 in Weil am Rhein ) is a German businessman , composer , musicologist , and music educator .
Ludwig Ganghofer ( 7 July 1855 -- 24 July 1920 ) was a German writer who became famous for his homeland novels .
Jhonatan Rojas Restrepo ( born 8 June 1988 in Pereira , Colombia ) is a Colombian - born Spanish football player who currently plays for AEZ Zakakiou in Cyprus , as an attacking midfielder or striker , although he also can play as left back .
Benedetto Lorenzelli ( May 11 , 1853 - -September 15 , 1915 ) was an Italian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church who served as Prefect of the Sacred Congregation of Studies from 1914 until his death , and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1907 .
Lucrezia Gonzaga di Gazzuolo ( 1522 - 11 February 1576 ) was an Italian noblewoman known for her literary talents , and her association with Matteo Bandello .
Patricia Finney ( born 1958 ) is an English author and journalist .
Muhammad ' Izzat Darwaza ( or Darwazeh ) ( Arabic : محمد عزت دروزة‎ ; 1888 - -1984 ) was a Palestinian politician , historian , and educator from Nablus .
Zaharia Stancu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( zahaˈri.a ˈstanku ) ; October 7 , 1902 -- December 5 , 1974 ) was a Romanian prose writer , novelist , poet , and philosopher .
Karel Martens ( born 1939 ) is a Dutch freelance graphic designer , specialized in typography
Armin Maiwald , born January 23 , 1940 in Cologne , is a German author , television director and producer .
Paul Masson - Oursel ( 5 September 1882 -- 18 March 1956 ) was a French orientalist and philosopher , a pioneer of ' comparative philosophy ' .
José María Albareda Herrera ( Caspe , 15 - 4 - 1902-Madrid , 26 - 2 - 1966 ) was a Spanish soil scientist and science administrator .
Anne de Rochechouart de Mortemart ( 10 February 1847 -- 3 February 1933 ) , Duchess of Uzès , was a wealthy French aristocrat .
Albert Ouzoulias ( 20 January 1915 -- 27 November 1995 ) was a Communist leader of the French Resistance during World War II ( 1939 - -45 ) using the name of `` Colonel André '' .
Arnold Henry Savage Landor ( 1865 -- 26 December 1924 ) was an English painter , explorer , writer , and anthropologist .
Helene Kottanner , who dictated her life story in German , was a handmaiden to Queen Elizabeth of Luxembourg ( 1409 - -1442 ) .
Ivo Milazzo ( born June 20 , 1947 ) is an Italian comic book artist .
Sir William Cunliffe Brooks , 1st Baronet , DL ( 30 September 1819 -- 9 June 1900 ) was an English barrister , banker and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1869 and 1892 .
Christoph von Marschall ( born in 1959 ) is a German journalist working as the editor and as a United States correspondent in Washington D.C. for the daily Berlin newspaper Der Tagesspiegel .
Marceli Handelsman ( 1882 -- 1945 ) was a Polish historian , a Warsaw University professor , medievalist , modern historian , and historical methodologist .
Ignacio de Luzán Claramunt de Suelves y Gurrea ( March 28 , 1702 -- May 19 , 1754 ) was a Spanish critic and poet .
Joaquín Maurín Juliá ( or Joaquim Maurín in Catalan ; January 12 , 1896 - -November 5 , 1973 ) was a Spanish Communist politician and revolutionary , leader of the Workers and Peasants Bloc ( BOC ) and of the Workers ' Party of Marxist Unification ( POUM ) .
Joan Botam i Casals ( Les Borges Blanques , Spain 21 September 1926 ) is a Catalan priest and Capuchin , whose religious name is Fra Salvador de les Borges .
Josep Bonaplata i Corriol ( Barcelona , 1795 - Bunyol , June 2 , 1843 ) was a Catalan industrial entrepreneur known for introducing the steam engine into Catalonia and Spain .
Edith Picht - Axenfeld ( Freiburg i m Breisgau , 1 January 1914 -- Hinterzarten , 19 April 2001 ) was a German pianist and harpsichordist .
Mónica Cruz Sánchez ( born March 16 , 1977 ) is a Spanish actress and dancer .
Peter Rylands ( 18 January 1820 -- 8 February 1887 ) was an English wire - manufacturer in Lancashire and a Liberal politician who was active in local government and sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1868 and 1887 .
Don Diego Beltrán Hidalgo was a seventeenth century Spanish Marrano poet .
Phạm Quỳnh ( December 17 , 1892 -- September 6 , 1945 ) was a monarchist during the late Nguyễn Dynasty and supporter of adhering to traditional Vietnamese customs in the establishment of a constitutional monarchy .
Fulgence Fresnel ( April 15 , 1795 -- November 30 , 1855 ) was a French Orientalist who was a native of Mathieu , Calvados .
Michel Corrette ( 10 April 1707 -- 21 January 1795 ) was a French organist , composer and author of musical method books .
Jean - Paul Pinsonneault ( 1923 - 1978 ) was a Canadian writer , who won the Prix Québec - Paris and the Governor General 's Award for French - language fiction in 1964 for his novel Les terres sèches .
Eliyahu Ben - Elissar ( Hebrew : אליהו בן אלישר‎ , born 2 August 1932 , died 12 August 2000 ) was an Israeli politician and diplomat .
Leon Kellner ( Hebrew ליאון קלנר ) ( April 17 , 1859 -- December 5 , 1928 ) was an English lexicographer , grammarian , and Shakespearian scholar .
Barnabe Rich ( also Barnaby Riche ) ( c. 1540 -- 10 November 1617 ) , was an English author and soldier , and a distant relative of Lord Chancellor Rich .
Gregorio San Miguel Angulo ( Valmaseda , December 2 , 1940 ) is a former Spanish road racing cyclist .
Ennatha Kannaiya was a Tamil film actor comedian who appeared in Tamil - language films .
Lorenz Jäger ( * June 6 , 1951 in Bad Homburg vor der Höhe ) is a German sociologist and journalist .
Making her acting debut in Sathyan Anthikkad 's Malayalam film Narendran Makan Jayakanthan Vaka ( 2001 ) , Asin had her first commercial success with the Telugu film Amma Nanna O Tamila Ammayi in 2003 , and won a Filmfare Best Telugu Actress Award for the film .
Stas Piekha , formal name Stanislav Piatrasovich Piekha ( Russian : Станислав Пятрасович Пье́ха ) , is a Russian popular singer and actor , and the grandson of Edita Piekha .
Angharad Tomos ( born 19 July 1958 ) is a Welsh author and prominent language activist .
Félix - Ludger Rossignol , known as Victorin de Joncières ( 12 April 1839 -- 26 October 1903 ) , was a French composer and music critic .
Ferenc Kazinczy ( archaically English : Francis Kazinczy , October 27 , 1759 -- August 23 , 1831 ) was a Hungarian author , the most indefatigable agent in the regeneration of the Magyar language and literature at the end of the 18th and beginning of the 19th century .
François - Xavier Fabre ( 1 April 1766 -- 16 March 1837 ) was a French painter of historical subjects .
Desiré - Raoul Rochette ( March 6 , 1790 - -July 3 , 1854 ) , was a French archaeologist .
Pedro Duque Duque ( born 14 March 1963 ) is a Spanish astronaut and a veteran of two space missions .
WFRH is a traditional Christian music and teaching radio station licensed to Kingston , New York and serving the Mid - Hudson Valley and points north .
Schneider Arena is a 3,030-seat hockey arena in Providence , Rhode Island .
The Marlin Camp Carbine is a self - loading carbine chambered for either 9 mm Parabellum or .45 ACP , formerly manufactured by Marlin Firearms Company of North Haven , Connecticut .
The Browning BAR is a gas - operated , semi - automatic rifle produced by the Browning Arms Company first in Belgium and later in Japan .
The Kaiser Darrin , also known as the Kaiser Darrin 161 or in short as the Darrin , was an American sports car designed by Howard `` Dutch '' Darrin and built by Kaiser Motors in 1954 .
The BMC ADO17 is the model code that was used by the British Motor Corporation ( BMC ) for a range of cars produced from September 1964 to 1975 and sold initially under its Austin marque as the Austin 1800 .
The EMD 645 engine series is currently supported by Electro - Motive Diesel , Inc. , which purchased the assets of the Electro - Motive Division from General Motors in 2005 .
The Baldwin DRS-6 - 4 - 750 is a Diesel - electric locomotive built by Baldwin Locomotive Works in 1949 .
The Big Mac is a hamburger sold by international fast food restaurant chain McDonald 's .
The Smethwick Engine is a Watt steam engine made by Boulton and Watt , which was installed near Birmingham , England , and was brought into service in May 1779 .
The Kodak DC215 is a discontinued model of digital camera produced in Japan by the Eastman Kodak Company .
The Westinghouse J32 was a small turbojet engine developed by the Westinghouse Aviation Gas Turbine Division in the mid-1940s .
The Mitsubishi Pajero Junior is a mini SUV produced by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors between October 1995 and June 1998 for the Japanese domestic market only .
The ALCO HH series were an early series of switcher diesel - electric locomotives built by the American Locomotive Company ( ALCO ) of Schenectady , New York between 1931 and 1940 , when they were replaced by the S series ; the 660 hp ( 490 kW ) S-1 and 1,000 hp ( 750 kW ) S-2 .
The Canon PowerShot G7 X is a digital compact camera announced by Canon Inc. on September 15 , 2014 .
The Piper PA-46 Malibu and Matrix are a family of American light aircraft manufactured by Piper Aircraft of Vero Beach , Florida .
In 1993 the Citroën ZX chassis was also used for the Peugeot 306 which , with its attractive Peugeot 205 derived styling , was a more successful car than its twin .
Recently the Israeli Ministry of Defense ordered 150 Wolf Armoured Vehicles from Rafael Advanced Defense Systems and an order for Hatehof , for some to be used in urban combat .
British Rail Class D3/14 was a diesel - electric locomotive built by the London and North Eastern Railway at its Doncaster Works .
The Hiro Naval Arsenal first licence - built the Felixstowe F.5 from October 1921 , Aichi continued manufacture until 1929 .
Influvac is a sub - unit vaccine produced and marketed by Abbott Laboratories .
The Eurocopter AS350 Écureuil ( Squirrel ) is a single - engine light helicopter originally designed and manufactured in France by Aérospatiale ( now Airbus Helicopters ) .
DECsystem was a line of server computers from Digital Equipment Corporation .
The Ricoh 2A03 or RP2A03 ( NTSC version ) / Ricoh 2A07 or RP2A07 ( PAL version ) is the 8-bit microprocessor in the Nintendo Entertainment System video game console manufactured by Ricoh .
The Mitsubishi Savrin is a minivan produced and sold in Taiwan by Japanese automaker Mitsubishi Motors .
FAB 1 was temporarily assigned to a Rolls Royce Phantom during 2013 .
Type 80 Air - to - Ship Missile ( 80式空対艦誘導弾 , ASM-1 ) is an air - launched Air - to - ship missile developed by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries .
The Volvo B9S was an articulated bus chassis constructed by Volvo Buses between 2002 and 2011 .
The Lotus 22 was a racing car built by Lotus cars in 1962 , and a total of 77 cars were built .
Seawise Giant was ordered in 1974 and delivered in 1979 by Sumitomo Heavy Industries , Ltd. at their Oppama shipyard in Yokosuka , Kanagawa , Japan as a 418,611 ton ULCC .
SS Minnedosa was a 15,000 ton steam ocean liner the hull of which was built in Glasgow on the River Clyde for the Canadian Pacific Shipping Line by Barclay Curle , under sub - contract to Harland and Wolff , in Belfast .
The Stadler SPATZ or Schmalspur Panorama Trieb Zug is a narrow gauge multiple unit manufactured by Stadler Rail .
The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company ordered two sister ships , RMS Maloja and RMS Mooltan , from Harland and Wolff Ltd on 29 November 1918 .
The British Rail Class 23 were a class of ten Bo - Bo diesel - electric locomotives built by the English Electric Company ( EE ) in 1959 .
The Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 is a 10.1-inch tablet computer designed , developed and marketed by Samsung Electronics .
The Denel Y3 AGL is a South African - manufactured automatic grenade launcher currently manufactured by Denel Land Systems .
Lockheed Martin announced that they were awarded a $ 122 million technology development contract for the Joint Air - to - Ground Missile ( JAGM ) system .
The Scaled Composites Model 339 SpaceShipTwo ( SS2 ) is an air - launched suborbital spaceplane type designed for space tourism .
The Boeing 747 - 8 is a wide - body jet airliner developed by Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
The Browning BDM is a semi - automatic pistol designed and manufactured by the Browning Arms Company up until production ceased in 1998 .
SS Galeka was a steam ship built in 1899 for the Union - Castle Mail Steamship Company by Harland and Wolff .
BTR-80 ( GAZ-5903 ) - armoured personnel carrier .
The Ascari A10 is a prototype automobile produced by the British company Ascari Cars that was conceived by Dutch millionaire Klaas Zwart .
The Zastava M76 is a military semi - automatic sniper / designated marksman rifle developed and manufactured by Zastava Arms .
Hyundai Blue - Will is a plug - in petrol - electric hybrid concept compact car designed by the South Korean car manufacturer Hyundai Motor Company .
The DKW F102 is a car that was produced initially by German manufacturer Auto Union GmbH and later by Volkswagenwerk AG after Volkswagen acquired the Auto Union brands from Daimler - Benz AG in 1964 .
The Leica X Vario is a digital large sensor compact camera announced by Leica Camera on June 11 , 2013 .
Shirley Vance Wilkins , Jr. ( born August 12 , 1936 , in Amherst County , Virginia ) is a retired American politician of the Republican Party .
David Maynier ( born 22 October 1968 ) is a South African politician , currently the Shadow Minister of Defence and Military Veterans , and a Member of Parliament for the opposition Democratic Alliance .
Per Arne Watle ( born 1948 ) is a Norwegian businessperson and former politician for the Centre Party .
Huang Kunming ( Chinese : 黄坤明 ; born November 1956 ) is a Chinese politician , currently serving as the executive deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Communist Party of China ( minister - level ) .
Major James Milner , 1st Baron Milner of Leeds , MC , PC ( 12 August 1889 -- 16 July 1967 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Linda Jenness ( born 1941 ) was a Socialist Workers Party candidate for president of the United States in the 1972 election .
Enrique Mosca ( July 15 , 1880 - July 22 , 1950 ) was an Argentine lawyer and politician prominent in the centrist Radical Civic Union ( UCR ) .
Ramakant Yadav had switched from the Samajwadi Party to the Bahujan Samaj Party before finally joining the Bharatiya Janata Party .
Andrew Doyle ( born 2 July 1960 ) is an Irish Fine Gael politician , and a Teachta Dála ( TD ) for the Wicklow constituency .
Jukka Mäkelä ( born July 7 , 1960 in Espoo ) is a Finnish politician from the National Coalition Party and the current city manager / mayor of Espoo , the second largest city of Finland , since January 1 , 2011 .
Ambjørg Sælthun , née Ødelien ( 27 July 1922 -- 2 January 2012 ) was a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party .
Wilhelm Kling ( 7 February 1902 -- 17 November 1973 ) was a Communist Party of Germany ( KPD ) functionary , and later an associate in the Politburo of the Central Committee of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany ( SED ) in East Germany .
John James Akpan Udo - Edehe was elected Senator for the Akwa Ibom North East constituency of Akwa Ibom State , Nigeria at the start of the Nigerian Fourth Republic , running on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) platform .
Lennart Gustavsson , ( born 1954 ) , is a Swedish Left Party politician , member of the Riksdag 1998 - -2006 .
Magnar Lussand ( born 18 July 1945 ) is a Norwegian school principal and politician for the Centre Party .
Claire - Hélène Hovington ( born May 14 , 1944 in Sacré - Cœur , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Matane in the National Assembly of Quebec from 1985 to 1994 as a member of the Quebec Liberal Party .
Sir James Fitz - Allen Mitchell KCMG PC MP ( born 15 May 1931 ) was the second Prime Minister of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the founder of the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) .
Franz Xaver Schwarz ( 27 November 1875 -- 2 December 1947 ) was a German politician who served as Reichsschatzmeister ( National Treasurer ) of the Nazi Party ( NSDAP ) during most of the Party 's existence .
Between 1948 and 1981 , Henryk Jabłoński was in the Central Committee of the Polish United Workers ' Party ( KC PZPR ) .
Andreas Berg ( 4 October 1861 -- 29 June 1944 ) was a Norwegian lawyer , banker and politician for the Conservative Party .
Giuseppe Medici ( October 24 , 1907 -- August 21 , 2000 ) was an Italian politician who was a member of the Christian Democracy party .
Josep Sánchez i Llibre ( Vilassar de Mar , Spain 6 May 1949 ) is a Catalonian politician from the Democratic Union of Catalonia .
Wilhelmine Schirmer - Pröscher ( 7 July 1889 , Giessen -- 2 March 1992 , Berlin ) was an East German politician of the Liberal Democratic Party of Germany who gained some measure of importance in her nation .
Octavie Modert belongs to the Christian Social People 's Party , a major political party in Luxembourg .
Emir Talal Arslan ( Arabic : الأمير طلال أرسلان‎ ) is a Lebanese politician and the head of the mostly Druze Lebanese Democratic Party .
Angelino Alfano was born in Agrigento , Sicily on 31 October 1970 ; his father , Angelo Alfano , was a lawyer and local politician for the Christian Democracy , who also held the position of deputy mayor of Agrigento .
Joseph Charles , Jr. ( born January 6 , 1944 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who served in the New Jersey Senate from 2002 to 2003 , where he represented the 31st Legislative District .
Jason O'Donnell ( born October 13 , 1971 ) is an American Democratic Party politician who serves in the New Jersey General Assembly , where he has represented the 31st Legislative District since September 13 , 2010 .
Olav Myklebust ( 17 January 1932 -- 1 November 2011 ) was a Norwegian civil servant , diplomat and politician for the Liberal Party .
Giuseppe Vegas ( born 16 June 1951 in Milan ) is an Italian politician , senator for The People of Freedom and minister in the Berlusconi IV Government .
Ashot Navasardyan ( Armenian : Աշոտ Նավասարդյան ; March 28 , 1950 -- November 3 , 1997 ) was an Armenian politician , the founder of the Republican Party of Armenia .
Víctor Andrés García Belaúnde ( born June 6 , 1949 in Lima ) , is a Peruvian politician ( Popular Action ) .
Sir Hildred Carlile , 1st Baronet CBE ( 10 July 1852 -- 26 September 1942 ) was an English businessman and Conservative Party politician .
Torsten Nielsen ( born 5 March 1967 ) is a Danish politician and mayor of Viborg Municipality for the Conservative People 's Party .
Nancy Ann Foster Munoz , commonly known as Nancy Munoz , ( born September 8 , 1954 ) is an American Republican Party politician who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 2009 , where she represents the 21st Legislative District .
Víctor Raúl Haya de la Torre ( 22 February 1895 -- 2 August 1979 ) was a Peruvian politician , philosopher , and author who founded the American Popular Revolutionary Alliance ( APRA ) political movement , the oldest currently existing political party in Peru .
Hüseyin Çelik ( born 5 March 1959 in Gürpınar , Van ) is a former Minister of National Education of Turkey and member of parliament for Van for the ruling Justice and Development Party .
Luis Alberto Rico Samaniego ( born 9 November 1938 ) is a Mexican engineer and politician affiliated to the National Action Party .
Marios Matsakis ( born 2 August 1954 ) is a Cypriot politician and former Member of the European Parliament for the Democratic Party , and sat with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe group .
José Luis Espinosa Piña ( born December 2 , 1968 in Morelia , Michoacán de Ocampo ) is a Mexican politician -- member of the National Action Party ( PAN)--and current Director - General of the Latin American Institute of Educational Communication ( ILCE , by its Spanish acronym ) .
Wilhelm Buck ( 12 November 1869 , Bautzen , Kingdom of Saxony -- 2 December 1945 , Radebeul ) was a German politician and representative of the Social Democratic Party and the splinter party , Old Social Democratic Party of Germany .
Nadhim Zahawi ( born 2 June 1967 ) is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Stratford - on - Avon since 2010 , after the retirement of previous MP John Maples .
William Albert Robinson ( 1877 - 31 December 1949 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for St Helens from his election on 14 November 1935 until July 5 , 1945 .
Francisco Garrido Patrón ( b. Mexico City , Distrito Federal in 1953 ) is a Mexican politician , who was governor of the State of Querétaro from 2003 to 2009 , and member of the National Action Party ( PAN ) .
Binyamin Shahor ( Hebrew : בנימין שחור‎ , born 1916 , died 26 November 1979 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for the National Religious Party between 1959 and 1974 .
Todd Russell Platts ( born March 5 , 1962 ) is an American attorney and Republican Party politician who serves as a Judge on the York County Court of Common Pleas and is a former U.S. Representative for Pennsylvania 's 19th congressional district , serving from 2001 to 2013 .
Georgios Gennimatas ( Greek : Γεώργιος Γεννηματάς ; 30 June 1939 , Athens -- 25 April 1994 , Athens ) was a Greek politician and founding member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
John Huyler ( April 9 , 1808 -- January 9 , 1870 ) was an American Democratic Party politician who represented New Jersey 's 4th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from 1857 to 1859 .
Shri Ramadhar Kashyap is a politician from the Indian National Congress party .
Aadesh Bandekar ( sometimes spelled as Adesh Bandekar , Marathi : आदेश बांदेकर ) is a Marathi actor , TV host , and a Shiv Sena leader .
Tom Levitt ( born 10 April 1954 ) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for High Peak from the 1997 to 2010 general elections .
Alison McGovern ( born 30 December 1980 ) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament for Wirral South since 2010 .
François Mario Bachand ( March 24 , 1944 in Montreal - March 29 , 1971 in St. Ouen ) was a member of the first ( 1963 ) wave of the FLQ ( Front de libération du Québec ) .
Markos Moulitsas Zúniga ( /ˈmɑːrkoʊs muːˈliːtsəs/ ; born September 11 , 1971 ) , often known by his username and former military nickname `` Kos '' ( /ˈkoʊz/ KOHZ ) , is the founder and publisher of Daily Kos , a blog focusing on liberal and Democratic Party politics in the United States .
Olena Lukash ( Ukrainian : Олена Леонідівна Лукаш ) is a Ukrainian jurist and politician and former Minister of Justice of Ukraine , member of the Party of Regions .
Jeffrey A. Warsh ( born September 21 , 1960 ) is an American Republican Party politician who served two terms in the New Jersey General Assembly , from 1992 to 1996 , where he represented the 18th Legislative District , which covers portions of Middlesex County .
Ana Luz Juárez Alejo is a Mexican lawyer and politician affiliated to the National Action Party .
Bülent Arınç , along with Recep Tayyip Erdoğan , co - founded the Justice and Development Party ( Turkish : Adalet ve Kalkınma Partisi ) the same year on August 14 .
Aasmund Halvorsen Vinje ( 25 July 1851 -- 4 December 1917 ) was a Norwegian farmer , teacher , leader of a police district , civil servant and politician for the Moderate Liberal Party .
Vinod Tawde ( born July 20 , 1963 ) is an Indian politician from Maharashtra and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Andreas Claussen ( 4 July 1883 -- 24 October 1957 ) was a Norwegian barrister , civil servant and politician for the Liberal Party .
Barbara J. McMorrow is an American Republican Party politician from Freehold Township , New Jersey , who served as a Democrat on the Monmouth County , New Jersey Board of Chosen Freeholders between January 2007 and January 2010 ; she was the first Democrat elected to the Board in twenty years .
Frederick Montague , 1st Baron Amwell CBE ( 8 October 1876 -- 15 October 1966 ) was a British Labour Party politician .
Tatsuo Murayama ( 1915 -- 2010 ) was a Japanese politician who was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party ( LDP ) and finance minister for two times .
Elizabeth Colbert Busch ( born December 10 , 1954 ) is the Director of Business Development at Clemson University 's Restoration Institute , and was the Democratic Party nominee for the 2013 special election for South Carolina 's 1st congressional district , losing to Mark Sanford .
Wu Yu - jen ( traditional Chinese : 吳育仁 ; simplified Chinese : 吴育仁 ; pinyin : Wú Yùrén ; Wade -- Giles : Wu Yü - jen ) is a member of the Kuomintang who is in the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan .
Gorham Parks ( May 27 , 1794 -- November 23 , 1877 ) was a U.S. Representative from Maine , and a Democratic Party candidate for Maine Governor .
Edgar Grierson ( 6 November 1884 -- 1 March 1959 ) was a British Labour Party politician from Carlisle .
Mathilda Guez ( Hebrew : מטילדה גז‎ , 15 August 1918 -- 3 May 1990 ) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Rafi and its successors from 1965 until 1977 .
Shri P. G. Narayanan an Indian politician from All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party is an incumbent member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from the Bhavani constituency .
Mukesh Gadhvi ( 1 January 1963 -- 1 March 2013 ) was an Indian politician and a senior member of Indian National Congress .
In 1941 , which was the year of his eighteenth birthday , Werner Scheler joined the NSDAP ( Nazi Party ) .
Herbert C. Conaway , Jr. , commonly known as Herb Conaway ( born January 30 , 1963 ) is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served in the New Jersey General Assembly since 1998 , where he represents the 7th Legislative District .
Jerry D. Roe ( born 1936 ) quote the `` Blue Skies and Happy Trails '' known as `` Mr. Republican '' , is currently an adjunct professor at Lansing Community College and is best known for his 10-year stint from 1969 to 1979 as the executive director of the Michigan Republican Party .
Kristian Mathias Fimland ( 16 February 1889 -- ? ? ) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party .
Silje Schei Tveitdal ( born 24 April 1974 ) is a Norwegian environmentalist and politician for the Socialist Left Party .
Juan Carlos Romero Hicks ( Guanajuato , Guanajuato ; December 10 , 1955 ) is a Mexican politician and elected official , member of the National Action Party ( PAN ) , and a Federal Senator since August 29 , 2012 .
Martin Ferris ( born 10 February 1952 ) is an Irish Sinn Féin politician and a former Provisional Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) volunteer .
Juris Bārzdiņš ( born 21 July 1966 ) is a Latvian politician , member of the Union of Greens and Farmers party and the incumbent Minister of Health of Latvia since 3 November 2010 .
Eleftherios Veryvakis ( Greek : Ελευθέριος Βερυβάκης ) ( January 21 , 1935 -- 6 August 2012 ) was a Greek politician and ex - member of the Greek Parliament for the Panhellenic Socialist Movement ( PASOK ) .
Sir Henry Arthur Colefax , KC ( 9 July 1866 -- 19 February 1936 ) was a British patent lawyer and Conservative Party politician .
Eduardo Bailey Elizondo is a Mexican politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) who has served in the lower house of the Mexican Congress .
Manuel Velasco Suárez ( 28 December 1914 -- 2 December 2001 ) was a Mexican neurologist , neurosurgeon and politician affiliated to the Institutional Revolutionary Party who acted as Governor of Chiapas from 1970 to 1976 .
Tormod Petter Svennevig ( born 24 May 1929 ) was a Norwegian diplomat and politician for the Centre Party .
Madhav Singh Solanki is a leader of Indian National Congress party and a former External Affairs minister of India .
Peeter Kreitzberg ( December 14 , 1948 -- November 3 , 2011 ) was an Estonian politician , member of parliament and a member of the Social Democratic Party .
Isaac Bacharach ( January 5 , 1870 -- September 5 , 1956 ) was an American Republican Party politician from New Jersey who represented the 2nd congressional district from 1915 to 1937 .
Eugene Gilbride ( 1 October 1892 -- 11 March 1972 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and farmer .
Anto Đapić ( born 22 August 1958 ) is a retired Croatian right - wing politician and the former president of the Croatian Party of Rights ( HSP ) .
James Garth Marshall ( 20 February 1802 - 22 October 1873 ) was an English Liberal Party politician , the Member of Parliament for Leeds ( 1847 - -1852 ) .
John W. Carr ( March 26 , 1874 -- June 14 , 1932 ) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the 15th Lieutenant Governor of North Dakota under Governor George F. Shafer .
Thomas Cassells ( 7 August 1902 -- 16 June 1944 ) was a Labour Party politician in Scotland who served as Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Dunbartonshire from 1936 to 1941 .
Robyn Driscoll is a Democratic Party member of the Montana House of Representatives , representing District 51 since 2004 , and has now been elected to Montana State Senate District 26 , as of the 2012 election .
Sverre Sverressøn Klingenberg ( 7 November 1882 -- 1958 ) was the Norwegian engineer and politician for the Conservative Party .
Gildo Insfrán ( born January 19 , 1951 ) is an Argentine Justicialist Party ( PJ ) politician , who has been governor of Formosa Province since 1995 .
Giuseppe Scopelliti ( born November 21 , 1966 Reggio Calabria , Italy ) is an Italian politician and a member of The People of Freedom political party .
C. L. Ruala ( born 25 December 1935 ) is an Indian politician from Mizoram and member of the Indian National Congress .
Hugo Egmont Hørring ( 17 August 1842 -- 13 February 1909 ) was a Danish politician , a member of the Højre political party .
Naci Ağbal ( born 1 January 1968 ) is a Turkish politician and former civil servant from the Justice and Development Party ( AKP ) who currently serves as the Minister of Finance as of 24 November 2015 .
S. C. Marak is a senior leader of Indian National Congress in the northeastern state of Meghalaya .
Pierre Ducasse ( born August 18 , 1972 ) , a Canadian politician and New Democratic Party ( NDP ) activist .
Bente Sandvig is a Norwegian politician who was party secretary of the Socialist Left Party from 1989 to 1993 .
Ghulam Nabi Azad ( born 7 March 1949 , in Jammu and Kashmir , India ) is an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress and was the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Presently he serves as the Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha .
Zoe Konstantopoulou ( Greek : Ζωή Κωνσταντοπούλου ; born December 8 1976 in Athens ) is a Greek lawyer and politician of the Coalition of the Radical Left ( SYRIZA ) .
Torolf Prytz ( 26 December 1858 -- 16 June 1938 ) was a Norwegian architect , goldsmith and politician for the Liberal Party .
George Edward Peter Thorneycroft , Baron Thorneycroft CH , PC ( 26 July 1909 -- 4 June 1994 ) , was a British Conservative Party politician .
István Bebes joined Fidesz in 1990 .
Petar Škundrić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Петар Шкундрић ; born February 21 , 1947 ) is a Serbian politician , member of the Socialist Party of Serbia and was a minister in the Serbian Government from 2008 to 2011 .
Asaduddin Owaisi ( born 13 May 1969 ) is an Indian politician , who is the President of the All India Majlis - e - Ittehadul Muslimeen .
Paul Coleshill was the leader of the Liberal Democrats on Glasgow City Council in Glasgow , Scotland until 2012 .
Ikko Nakatsuka ( born 4 April 1965 ) is a Japanese politician , member of Democratic Party of Japan and former minister of state .
Ashok Chhaviram Argal ( born 1 January 1969 ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) .
Cam Gordon is an American politician and member of the Green Party of Minnesota in Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Bommagani Dharma Bhiksham ( 15 February 1922 -- 26 March 2011 ) , a veteran leader of the Communist Party of India , was a member of the 10th Lok Sabha , and 11th Lok Sabha of India .
Albert Raymond Blackburn ( 11 March 1915 - 3 November 1991 ) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament for the Birmingham King 's Norton and Birmingham Northfield constituencies .
John Gilbert Talbot PC ( 24 February 1835 -- 1 February 1910 ) , was a British Conservative Party politician .
Gunnar Stavseth ( born 2 April 1943 ) is a Norwegian journalist and politician for the Conservative Party .
Andrass Samuelsen ( Danish : Andreas Samuelsen ; 1 July 1873 -- 30 June 1954 ) was a Faroese politician and member of the Union Party .
Kenneth Johansson ( born 2 May 1956 ) is a Swedish Centre Party politician who is the current Governor of Värmland County , in office since 2012 .
Kieran Phelan ( 19 November 1949 -- 26 May 2010 ) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician and member of Seanad Éireann on the Industrial and Commercial Panel .
Cheng Li - wen ( Chinese : 鄭麗文 ; born November 12 , 1969 ) is a former spokeswoman for the Kuomintang in the Republic of China .
Franz Matt ( September 9 , 1860 in Offenbach an der Queich , Palatinate , Germany -- August 4 , 1929 in Munich ) was a German lawyer , politician and minister , who belonged to the Bavarian People 's Party ( BVP ) .
Patrik Köbele ( born 1962 in Weil am Rhein ) is a German politician and leader of the German Communist Party ( DKP ) .
Prasanta Kumar Majumdar(born 1 January 1941 ) is an Indian Politician belonging to the Revolutionary Socialist Party .
Väinö Tanner ( 12 March 1881 -- 19 April 1966 ; surname until 1895 Thomasson ) was a leading figure in the Social Democratic Party of Finland , and a pioneer and leader in the cooperative movement in Finland .
Edward Howes DL ( 7 July 1813 -- 26 March 1871 ) was an English Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1859 to 1871 .
Richard DuHaime is an American Republican Party politician originally from Bloomingdale , New Jersey .
Henning Christophersen ( born 8 November 1939 , Copenhagen ) is a Danish politician , a former vice - president of the European Commission ( 1985 - -1995 ) , former leader of the Danish liberal party Venstre ( 1978 - -1984 ) and former member of the European Convention .
Mario Anguiano Moreno ( born August 15 , 1962 in Tinajas , Colima ) is a Mexican politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party .
Markus Ulbig ( born 1 April 1964 in Zinnwald near Altenberg , Saxony ) is a German politician and member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany ( CDU ) .
Manuel Azcárate Diz ( 7 October 1916 -- 24 August 1998 ) was a Spanish journalist , politician and a leader of the Communist Party of Spain ( Partido Comunista de España , PCE ) in the 1960s and 1970s .
Nizar Baraka ( born 6 February 1964 in Rabat , Morocco ) is a Moroccan politician of the Istiqlal Party .
Steve Corodemus ( born January 14 , 1952 ) is an American Republican Party politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992 - -2008 , where he represented the 11th legislative district .
Michael Connarty ( born 3 September 1947 ) is a British Labour Party politician , who was the Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Linlithgow and Falkirk East from 2005 to 2015 , and a variation of the same seat since 1992 .
José Refugio Esparza Reyes ( August 23 , 1921 -- November 12 , 2015 ) was a Mexican teacher , politician and member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party ( PRI ) .
Bishnu Pada Ray ( born 19 June 1950 , Nalanda , 24 Parganas district , West Bengal ) is an Indian politician and a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party .
On 30 October 2011 , Shane Knuth resigned from the Liberal National Party to join Katter 's Australian Party .
Nuala Ahern ( née MacDowell ; born 5 February 1949 in Omeath , County Louth ) is a former Irish Green Party member of the European Parliament representing Leinster in Ireland from 1994 - -2004 .
Jalaludin Abdur Rahim ( Urdu : جلال الدين عبدرالرحيم ; Bengali : জালালুদ্দিন আবদুর রহিম ; also known as J.A. Rahim ) ( c1905 - -1977 ) was a Bengali communist and Nietzschean philosopher who was renowned as one of the founding members of the Pakistan Peoples Party ( PPP)-- a democratic socialist political party .
Mustafa Amhaouch ( born 27 June 1970 ) is a Dutch politician , he has been a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands for the Christian Democratic Appeal since 12 January 2016 , when he replaced Peter Oskam .
Pinarayi Vijayan ( Malayalam : പിണറായി വിജയൻ ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Politburo of the Communist Party of India ( Marxist ) .
Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo ( born 4 April 1962 ) is a Nigerian who was elected Governor of Gombe State , Nigeria in the 26 April 2011 elections , running on the People 's Democratic Party ( PDP ) platform .
Andreas Khol ( born 14 July 1941 in Bergen , Germany ) is an Austrian politician of the center - conservative Austrian People 's Party , President of the National Council from 2002 to 2006 .
Miguel Urbán Crespo , is a Spanish politician , who , since March 2015 has served as a Member of the European Parliament , representing Spain for Podemos .
Dennis McNerney is an American Democratic Party politician who served as the County Executive of Bergen County , New Jersey from 2003 to 2011 .
Farrell McElgunn ( born 5 January 1932 ) is an Irish former Fianna Fáil politician and teacher .
Pradeep Gandhi ( born 26 December 1964 in Dongargaon , Rajnandgaon district ) is an Indian politician and a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP ) political party .
Alyaksandr Kazulin ( or Alexander Kozulin ) ( Belarusian : Аляксандр Уладзіслававіч Казулін , Russian : Александр Владиславович Козулин , born 25 November 1955 in Minsk ) , is the former leader of the Belarusian Social Democratic Party and one of the candidates who ran for the office of President of Belarus on March 19 , 2006 .
Badruddin Shaikh , born on 13 September 1952 is a senior leader of Indian National Congress .
Lawrence Gates is the current Chair of the Kansas Democratic Party .
John Joe McGirl ( 25 March 1921 -- 8 December 1988 ) was an Irish republican , a Sinn Féin politician , and a former chief of staff of the Irish Republican Army ( IRA ) .
In December 2010 Deputy Montfort Tadier announced the possible formation of a new political party called Reform Jersey , However it was not until July 2014 that Reform Jersey was registered in the Royal Court of Jersey .
Robert Goodwill ( born 31 December 1956 ) is a British farmer and Conservative Party politician .
Kavin Bryan ( born 7 February 1984 ) is a Jamaican international footballer who plays as a striker for V.League 2 club Hanoi F.C ..
Vitaliy Shumeyko ( born 6 October 1981 ) is a Ukrainian football defender who played for FC Guria Lanchkhuti in Georgian Umaglesi Liga .
Uwe Hesse ( born 16 December 1987 ) is a German footballer who is currently playing for SSV Jahn Regensburg .
Francisco Javier Cruz Jiménez ( born May 24 , 1966 in Cedral , San Luis Potosí ) is a Mexican football player who played for C.F. Monterrey and Tigres UANL , becoming one of the few players to be successful in both professional teams from Monterrey .
Canário retired at the end of the 1968 - -69 campaign at the age of 33 , after helping RCD Mallorca promote from Segunda División .
Gift Atulewa ( born June 1 , 1986 ) is a Nigerian football forward currently playing for Warri Wolves F.C ..
Andy Greer ( born August 6 , 1962 ) is a basketball coach , currently working as an assistant for the Toronto Raptors of the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) .
Henning Hauger ( born 17 July 1985 ) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Swedish club IF Elfsborg .
Józef Kohut ( born December 16 , 1922 in Kraków - January 3 , 1970 in Kraków ) was a Polish footballer ( striker ) playing most of his career in Wisła Kraków .
Jevrem Kosnić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јеврем Коснић ; born 28 April 1993 ) is a Swiss - born Serbian footballer who plays for Budapest Honvéd FC , on loan from Palermo , as a central defender .
Eric Kattus ( born March 4 , 1963 ) is a former professional American football tight end who played primarily for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Atli Danielsen ( born 15 August 1983 ) is a Faroese footballer who currently plays for KÍ Klaksvík in the Premier League of the Faroe Islands .
Sabri Tabet ( born August 17 , 1977 in Rognac , France ) is a retired Algerian international football player who was last playing for SO Cassis Carnoux in the French Championnat National .
Ramzi Bourakba ( born December 20 , 1984 in Bordj Bou Arréridj ) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing as a forward for JSM Béjaïa in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Luke Morahan ( born 13 April 1990 ) is an Australian Rugby Union Player for the Queensland Reds and the Australian Wallabies .
Filip Chipchev ( Bulgarian : Филип Чипчев ; born 15 July 1985 ) is a Bulgarian footballer , currently playing as a forward for FC Oborishte .
Ondrej Duda ( born 5 December 1994 ) is a Slovak football midfielder who currently plays for the Polish Ekstraklasa club Legia Warsaw and the Slovakia national football team .
Alexandre Feller ( born 28 September 1971 ) is a Brazilian futsal player who plays for Marca Futsal as a Goalkeeper .
Martín Buesa ( born 24 August 1988 , Vitoria - Gasteiz ) is a Spanish professional basketball player , who currently plays for Araberri BC of the LEB Plata league .
Deon McCaulay ( born September 20 , 1987 ) is a Belizean international footballer who plays for Verdes FC in the Premier League of Belize .
Cato Guntveit is a retired Norwegian footballer who played for SK Brann the most of his career .
Arben Shehu ( born 6 June 1980 ) is a former Albanian football striker who played for KS Luftëtari Gjirokastër , Teuta Durres and KS Bylis Ballsh .
Announced as `` Double - deuce , triple - E , the one and only Juli Veee '' , Veee experienced his greatest success as an indoor player with the San Diego Sockers .
Anthony van den Hurk ( born 19 January 1993 , in Veghel ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a striker for FC Eindhoven in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Béla Lakatos ( born 26 September 1984 ) is a Hungarian football player who currently plays for Mezőkövesd - Zsóry SE .
Shyrone Stith ( born April 2 , 1978 in Portsmouth , Virginia ) is a former running back in the National Football League for the Jacksonville Jaguars and Indianapolis Colts .
Antonio Jackson de Oliveira Alcántara also known as Jackson ( born 22 November 1987 in Brazil ) is a Brazilian footballer currently playing football for C.D. Dragón .
Rashid Mahazi is an Australian football ( soccer ) player of Kenyan descent who plays as a central midfielder for Melbourne Victory in the A - League .
Johannes van den Bergh ( born on 21 November 1986 ) is a German footballer who plays as a midfielder for Hertha BSC .
On 28 May 2013 , FC Schalke 04 confirmed that Felipe Santana had signed a contract with them until 30 June 2016 .
Will Sierakowski ( born 26 July 1990 ) is an Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Mario Sebastián Viera Galaín ( born 7 March 1983 ) is an Uruguayan professional footballer who plays for Colombian club Junior F.C. as a goalkeeper .
Alex Pereira Lopes , better known as Alex Lopes ( born May 16 , 1989 in Nova Iguaçu ) , is a Brazilian footballer who acts as a defender and plays for Bangu Atlético Clube on loan from Botafogo .
Sonata Vanagaitė ( born 1 September 1994 ) is a Lithuanian football striker currently playing in the A Lyga for Gintra Universitetas , with which she has also played the Champions League .
Triandos Luke ( born December 24 , 1981 ) is a former American football wide receiver He played in the 2004 season for the Denver Broncos in the National Football League .
Garrick Cowley is a Rugby Union player for Exeter Chiefs in the Aviva Premiership .
Vaega Van Tuinei ( born February 16 , 1971 in Garden Grove , California is a former professional American football player who played defensive end for four seasons for the San Diego Chargers , Indianapolis Colts , and Chicago Bears . His son , Lavasier Tuinei , plays in the Canadian Football League .
Egor Yakovlev ( born September 17 , 1991 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays for the rebuilt Lokomotiv Yaroslavl team in the Russian Major League .
Sean Tomes made his Guinness Premiership debut during the 2007 - 08 Guinness Premiership coming on as a substitute for the Newcastle Falcons against London Wasps .
Furug Qodirov is a Tajikistani footballer who plays as a defender for CSKA Pomir Dushanbe .
Damian Gjini ( born 6 April 1995 ) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Greek club Panionios .
Ben Blackmore is a professional rugby league player who currently plays for Sheffield Eagles Ben hails from the Castleford and has come through the ranks at the Castleford Tigers .
Hanson Horsey ( November 26 , 1889 -- December 1 , 1949 ) was an American professional baseball player who played in one game for the Cincinnati Reds during the 1912 season .
Josip Skoko ( born 10 December 1975 ) is a former Australian footballer who played as a central midfielder for North Geelong Warriors , Hajduk Split , Genk , Gençlerbirliği , Wigan Athletic , Stoke City and Melbourne Heart .
Adrian Ucchino ( born 4 October 1991 ) is an Australian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for APIA Leichhardt Tigers in the NSW NPL Men 's 1 .
Tierra Ruffin - Pratt ( born April 11 , 1991 ) is an American professional basketball player who currently plays for the Washington Mystics of the WNBA .
Jeff Mason ( born August 11 , 1981 ) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman for the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League .
Krzysztof Wołczek ( born April 17 , 1979 in Wroclaw ) is a Polish footballer who currently plays for Miedź Legnica as a defender .
C. J. Brewer ( born May 12 , 1982 ) is a former wide receiver for the San Francisco 49ers of the NFL .
René Eckardt ( born 22 February 1990 in Jena , Thuringia ) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Carl Zeiss Jena .
Mitch Stringer ( born 1 November 1983 ) is a professional rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles rugby league team .
LeRoy Butler , III ( born July 19 , 1968 ) is a former American football strong safety who played his entire career with the Green Bay Packers ( 1990 - -2001 ) .
Tuomas Markkula ( born 28 June 1990 ) is a Finnish footballer , who currently plays for Finnish Ykkönen ( second level ) side RoPS Rovaniemi .
Cristian Darío Álvarez ( born 13 November 1985 ) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Paraguayan club Cerro Porteño on loan from San Lorenzo de Almagro as a goalkeeper .
Kostas Maniatis ( Greek : Κώστας Μανιάτης ; born 13 May 1983 ) is a Greek footballer currently playing for Iraklis Psachna F.C. in the Football League ( Greece ) as a Goalkeeper .
Arkadiusz Klimek ( born March 25 , 1975 in Iława ) is a Polish professional footballer currently playing for Latvian side FK Liepājas Metalurgs .
Federico Barrionuevo ( born June 30 , 1981 in Lanús ( Buenos Aires ) , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Club Comunicaciones in Argentina .
Hwang Gyu - beom ( Hangul : 황규범 ; born 30 August 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Goyang Hi FC in K League Challenge .
Stefan Langwieder ( born January 8 , 1987 ) is a German professional ice hockey defender who currently plays for the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga .
Bruno Silva began playing football for Danubio F.C. in Montevideo , Uruguay at the start of the 2000 season .
Álvaro Rey Vázquez ( born 11 July 1989 in Seville , Andalusia ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for AD Alcorcón as a winger .
Laureano Sanabria Ruiz ( born 22 March 1985 ) , commonly known as Laure , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña as a right back .
Abdul Hamid Mony ( born March 14 , 1989 in Ambon ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persiba Balikpapan in the Indonesia Super League .
Bruno Sutter ( born 16 April 1977 in Langenthal ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as a Midfielder for FC Vaduz in the Swiss Super League .
Billie Wayne Lemons ( July 9 , 1955 -- October 12 , 2008 ) was a Church of Christ minister from Lubbock , Texas , who played briefly for the NFL Cleveland Browns in 1977 before being released after the team 's first exhibition game that season .
David Lowden is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s , playing at representative level for Cumbria , and at club level for Workington Town , as a Fullback , or Wing , i.e. number 1 , or , 2 or 5 .
Joel Indermitte ( born 27 December 1992 ) is an Estonian professional footballer , who plays in Estonian Meistriliiga , for Paide Linnameeskond .
Cyrill Gasser ( born 11 March 1992 ) is a Swiss footballer who currently plays as midfielder for FC Thun in the Swiss Super League .
Christopher Teichmann ( born 13 October 1995 ) is a retired German - Swiss professional footballer who played as a midfielder for FC Aarau .
Roberto Porfírio Maximiano Rodrigo ( born 28 November 1988 in Porto ) , known simply as Roberto , is a Portuguese footballer who plays for F.C. Arouca as a forward .
Yuriy Hluschuk ( Ukrainian : Юрій Русланович Глущук ; born 16 January 1995 in Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian First League .
Gonzalo Hinojal Neila ( born 14 April 1986 ) , simply known as Gonzalo , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CF Talavera de la Reina as a central defender .
Ardi Qejvani ( born 28 January 1993 in Vlorë ) is an Albanian football player who currently plays as a midfielder for Flamurtari Vlorë in the Albanian Superliga .
Sandy Beveridge ( born December 9 , 1981 ) is a former professional Canadian football defensive back who played eight seasons on special teams and as a defensive back for the Hamilton Tiger - Cats of the Canadian Football League .
Felipe de Jesús Ayala ( born 16 December 1977 ) is a Mexican born footballer who played for clubs Tigres de la UANL , Chiapas , Puebla F.C. and Correcaminos .
Alex Grove ( born 30 November 1987 ) is a Scottish rugby union player for Worcester Warriors in the RFU Championship .
Michał Chrapek ( born 3 April 1992 in Jaworzno ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for Lechia Gdańsk .
Sami Venäläinen ( born 14 October 1981 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player who currently plays professionally in Finland for SaiPa of the Liiga .
On 21 August 2014 , after two seasons in Greece with Levadiakos F.C. and Skoda Xanthi F.C. respectively , Josemi was a third - round draft pick for Atlético de Kolkata in the inaugural draft of the Indian Super League draft .
Hugo Eyre Bernat ( born 7 May 1994 ) , commonly known as Hugo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Albacete Balompié B as a goalkeeper .
Markus Oberleitner ( born 16 August 1973 in Munich ) is a former football midfielder who played for SpVgg Unterhaching , Fortuna Düsseldorf and SpVgg Greuther Fürth in Germany and finished his career with FC Kärnten in Austria .
Khairul Azhan Khalid ( born 7 November 1989 ) is a Malaysian footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for Selangor FA .
Adriana Martín Santamaría ( born 7 November 1986 ) , commonly known as Adriana , is a Spanish international football striker currently playing for Levante UD of the Primera Division ( Spain ) .
Markus Thorandt ( born 1 April 1981 in Augsburg ) is a German footballer who is currently a free agent and has most recently played for FC St. Pauli .
Kani Kauahi has coached at the college level ( Mesa Community College ) , and at the professional level in the NFL ( Arizona Cardinals ) , the CFL ( BC Lions , Ottawa Renegades , and the Hamilton Tiger - Cats ) , and in the XFL ( San Francisco Demons ) .
Adrian Basta ( born December 1 , 1988 in Nowy Sącz ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for Górnik Łęczna .
Mirko Giacobbe ( born 26 July 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays for A.S.D. Real Metapontino as a midfielder .
Hyun - jin Ryu ( Hangul : 류현진 ; born March 25 , 1987 ) is a South Korean professional baseball starting pitcher for the Los Angeles Dodgers of Major League Baseball .
Niklas Zulciak ( born 3 February 1994 ) is a German footballer of Polish descent who plays as a attacking midfielder for Lech Poznań .
Amber van der Heijde is a Dutch football midfielder currently playing in the BeNe League for Telstar .
Niclas Heimann ( born 12 March 1991 ) is a German footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rot - Weiss Essen in the Regionalliga West .
Pyry Kärkkäinen ( born 10 November 1986 in Kiuruvesi ) is a Finnish footballer who currently plays for FC Lahti in the Finnish Veikkausliiga .
Kelly Geoffrey ( born 25 January 1990 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player who plays as an import Left Winger for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League ( AIHL ) .
Cheng Lai Hin Michael ( born 31 March 1986 ) , commonly known as Cheng Lai Hin ( Chinese : 鄭禮騫 ; Jyutping : zeng6 lai5 hin1 ) , is a Hong Kong footballer who plays as a striker for Hong Kong Premier League club South China AA .
Luís Carlos Correia Pinto ( born 5 May 1985 ) , known as Luisinho , is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña as a left back .
Damian Ciechanowski ( born 3 April 1996 ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a right - back for Olimpia Grudziądz .
Dan Tuohy ( born 18 June 1985 ) is an English - born Ireland international rugby union player , currently playing for Ulster Rugby .
Martín Bonjour ( born 4 September 1985 ) is an Argentine footballer who currently plays for Ecuadorian Serie A side Deportivo Quito .
In September 1982 , Freeman Williams was traded by the Atlanta Hawks along with John Drew , and cash to the Utah Jazz in exchange for Dominique Wilkins who was drafted by the Jazz and refused to sign .
Javier Gutiérrez Berlinches ( born 9 January 1988 ) , commonly known as Guti , is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Roda CF as a winger .
Filip Šebo ( born 24 February 1984 ) is a Slovak football forward , who currently plays for FC Petržalka akadémia in the 5 .
Ljubomir Arsić ( Cyrillic : Љубомир Арсић , born 21 October 1985 in Užice ) is a Serbian football striker playing with FK Jedinstvo Putevi in the Serbian First League .
Marc Stcherbina ( born 7 December 1976 in Sydney ) is a retired Australian rugby union player who last played for Newport Gwent Dragons .
Jefferson Francisco Marques Lopes ( Albanian : Fransisko Xheferson ) ; born 17 October 1989 in São Paulo ) , commonly known as Jefferson , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defensive midfielder for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Francisco Andra Andra ( born 15 July 1988 ) is a Chilean footballer who currently plays for Chilean Primera División club Cobresal as playmaker .
Salema Kasdaoui ( born 25 November 1984 in Tunis , Tunisia ) is a Tunisian football striker who is playing for Club Africain .
Alen Ožbolt ( born 24 June 1996 ) is a Slovenian football forward who plays for Borussia Dortmund II on loan from Domžale .
Edvinas Gertmonas ( born 1 June 1996 ) is a Lithuanian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Stade Rennais F.C ..
Dominik Picak ( born 12 February 1992 ) is a Croatian football goalkeeper who plays for NK Slaven Belupo .
Abdelmoumene Djabou ( born January 31 , 1987 ) is an Algerian footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for ES Sétif in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Zoltán Lipták ( born 10 December 1984 ) is a Hungarian footballer who is playing for Győri ETO FC .
Łukasz Nawotczyński ( born March 30 , 1982 in Ciechanów ) is a Polish footballer playing as defender for Zawisza Bydgoszcz .
Choi Woo - jae ( Hangul : 최우재 ; born 21 May 1990 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as defender for Gangwon FC in K League Challenge .
Mikołaj Grzelak is a Polish footballer who plays as a defender for GKS Bełchatów in the Ekstraklasa .
Dawid Kownacki ( born 14 March 1997 ) is a Polish footballer who plays as a striker for Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań .
Natasha Lacy ( born July 8 , 1985 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the New York Liberty in the WNBA .
Przemysław Tytoń ( Polish pronunciation : ( pʂɛˈmɨswaf ˈtɨtɔɲ ) ; born 4 January 1987 in Zamość ) is a Polish goalkeeper who plays for German Bundesliga side VfB Stuttgart .
Anouar Diba ( Arabic : أنور ديبا ; born 27 February 1983 in Utrecht , the Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer of Moroccan descent who currently plays for Al - Wakrah Sports Club in the Qatar Stars League .
Carl Gibson ( born 23 April 1963 ) is an English rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s playing at representative level for Great Britain , and Yorkshire , and at club level for Batley , Leeds , and Featherstone Rovers , as a Fullback , Wing , or Centre .
Tomasz Księżyc ( born April 20 , 1974 in Kraków ) is a Polish footballer ( defender ) who plays for Puszcza Niepołomice .
Roholla Iqbalzadeh ( born 2 November 1994 ) is an Afghan footballer who plays as a defender for Byåsen Toppfotball .
Sulejman Starova ( born 12 December 1955 ) is a former Albanian footballer who played all of his career with Partizani Tirana .
David Bouard ( born March 12 , 1977 in Quimper , Finistère , France ) is a retired French midfielder who last played for French Ligue 2 side Vannes OC .
Nico Rijnders ( 30 July 1947 , Breda - 16 March 1976 ) was a Dutch footballer who played for NAC Breda and Ajax Amsterdam and was part of their European Cup victory in 1971 .
Thomas Bibiris ( Greek : Θωμάς Μπιμπίρης ; born 7 March 1985 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Rodos F.C. in the Beta Ethniki .
By early 2011 , after FK Drina Zvornik coach Darko Vojvodić resigned , Milenko Milošević along with Svetozar Vukašinović took charge of the team in their Bosnian Premier League match against FK Olimpic and stayed as team coaches until Dragan Mićić got appointed at March 25 , 2011 .
Robston has won the Goiano Championship under the flag of Atlético Clube Goianiense two times .
Domico Coddington ( born May 24 , 1984 ) is a Bermudianfootball player , who currently plays for local side Devonshire Cougars .
Ted van de Pavert ( born 6 January 1992 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who currently plays as a centre back for De Graafschap .
Roly Meates studied dentistry at Dublin University , where he played as a forward with the Dublin University Football Club before moving to Wanderers .
Emiliano Tade ( born March 3 , 1988 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Auckland City FC in ASB Premiership , as a forward .
Ender Konca ( born 22 October 1947 ) is a former footballer who played for Kasımpaşa , İstanbulspor , Eskişehirspor , Eintracht Frankfurt , Fenerbahçe and Turkey .
Colin Booth ( born 30 December 1934 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in the Football League as an inside forward for Wolverhampton Wanderers , Nottingham Forest , Doncaster Rovers and Oxford United .
Jarkko Lahdenmäki ( born 16 April 1991 ) a Finnish football player currently playing for Finnish Veikkausliiga side RoPS .
Yustinus Pae or Tinus Pae ( born June 19 , 1983 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Persipura Jayapura in the Indonesia Super League .
Rolly Lumbala ( born January 30 , 1986 in Libreville , Gabon ) is a Canadian football fullback for the BC Lions .
Oscar Altamirano ( born January 9 , 1978 in Buenos Aires , Argentina ) is an Argentine footballer currently striker playing for Club Almagro of the Primera B Metropolitana in Argentina .
Kristian Forsberg ( born May 5 , 1986 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey player , currently playing for Stavanger Oilers of the Norwegian GET - league .
Volodymyr Lysenko ( Ukrainian : Володимир Володимирович Лисенко ; born 20 April 1988 in Kiev , in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football forward for FC Olimpik Donetsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Shane Webcke ( born 28 September 1974 in Toowoomba , Queensland ) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer , who spent his entire top - grade career playing for the Brisbane Broncos .
Brian Urlacher ( /ˈɜːrlækər/ ; born May 25 , 1978 ) is a former American football linebacker who spent his entire 13-year career playing for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Upon graduating from the University of North Dakota , Robbie Bina signed his first professional contract with the Edmonton Oilers organization in July 2008 , a one year , two - way deal with affiliates , the Springfield Falcons of the AHL and Stockton Thunder of the ECHL .
Carl Silvestri was a player in the National Football League for the St. Louis Cardinals and Atlanta Falcons in 1965 and 1966 as a defensive back .
Antonio Rodríguez Dovale ( born 4 April 1990 ) , commonly known as Toni , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for CD Leganés mainly as a left winger .
Stipe Vučur ( born 22 May 1992 ) is an Austrian - Croatian footballer who plays as a central defender for 1 . FC Kaiserslautern in the German 2 .
Jung Gi - woon ( Hangul : 정기운 ; born 5 July 1992 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as forward for Suwon FC in K League Challenge .
Naby Twimumu ( born 24 August 1990 in Congo ) is a Luxembourgian international footballer who plays for CS Muhlenbach Lusitanos .
Elísa Viðarsdóttir ( born 26 May 1991 ) is an Icelandic footballer who plays as a defender for Kristianstads DFF of the Swedish Damallsvenskan and the Iceland women 's national football team .
Huang Zhiyi ( Chinese:黄志毅 ) ( born February 3 , 1981 ) is a Chinese footballer , who currently plays for Hoi Fan .
Güven Varol ( born 2 June 1981 ) is a Turkish professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for Mersin İdmanyurdu in the Süper Lig .
Dale Markham was a player in the National Football League for the New York Giants and St. Louis Cardinals in 1980 and 1981 as a tackle and defensive end .
Yusuf Effendi ( born 5 June 1988 ) is an Indonesian footballer who currently plays for Gresik United as a striker .
Patrick Groetzki ( born 4 July 1989 ) is a German handballer who plays for Rhein - Neckar Löwen .
Jürgen Kuresoo ( born 11 February 1987 in Elva ) is an Estonian professional footballer , playing for FC Elva in Estonian III Liiga Lõuna .
Jacob Tjørnelund ( born 31 December 1991 ) is a Danish professional football defender , who currently plays for the Danish Superliga side Hobro IK .
Drew Russell ( born December 28 , 1990 ) is an American soccer player who plays as a defender for Pittsburgh Riverhounds in the USL .
Gerard Kerkum ( born 17 December 1930 ) is a Dutch retired footballer and was twice chairman of Dutch football team Feyenoord Rotterdam .
Azharuddin Mallick ( born in Kolkata ) is an Indian footballer who plays as a forward for Mohun Bagan A.C. He made his I - League debut against Aizawl F.C ..
Hervé Gorce ( 3 December 1952 -- 14 August 2008 ) was a professional football defender who played for USL Dunkerque and Stade Lavallois .
Begli Nurmyradow ( born May 27 , 1981 ) is a Turkmen footballer ( defender ) playing currently for HTTU Aşgabat .
Jab Murray ( October 28 , 1892 -- April 28 , 1958 ) was a player in the National Football League for the Green Bay Packers and Racine Legion from 1921 to 1924 .
Matthias Plachta ( born May 16 , 1991 ) is a German professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing for the Springfield Falcons in the American Hockey League ( AHL ) while under contract to the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Zong Lei started his football career playing for the Tianjin Teda F.C. youth team before breaking into the senior team during the 2001 league season .
Cornelis Kaimu is an Indonesian professional footballer who currently plays as a forward for Persijap Jepara in the Indonesia Super League .
Serge Blanco ( born 31 August 1958 in Caracas , Venezuela ) is a former rugby union footballer who played fullback for Biarritz Olympique and the French national side , gaining 93 caps , 81 of them at fullback .
Carl Morton ( January 18 , 1944 -- April 12 , 1983 ) was a starting pitcher in Major League Baseball who played for the Montreal Expos ( 1969 - -72 ) and Atlanta Braves ( 1973 - -76 ) .
David Ellard ( born 13 March 1989 ) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Carlton Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Yves Courteau ( born April 25 , 1964 in Montreal , Quebec and raised in Laval , Quebec ) is a retired professional ice hockey forward who played in the National Hockey League for the Calgary Flames and Hartford Whalers from 1984 - -87 .
Jürgen Locadia ( born 7 November 1993 in Emmen , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who currently plays as a striker for PSV Eindhoven .
Samuel Piette ( born 12 November 1994 ) is a Canadian soccer player who plays for Spanish club Deportivo de La Coruña B as a defensive midfielder .
Richard Adrián Salinas Benítez ( born 6 February 1988 in Asunción ) is a Paraguayan footballer , he plays for Club Olimpia .
Brent Moss ( born January 30 , 1972 ) is a former American football running back for the Wisconsin Badgers from 1991 - -1994 .
Terry Vaughn ( born December 25 , 1971 ) is a former Canadian Football League receiver most recently with the Hamilton Tiger - Cats .
Fred Besana ( born March 9 , 1954 at Roseville , California ) is a former American football quarterback for the Oakland Invaders of the United States Football League as well as the Buffalo Bills and the New York Giants of the National Football League .
Mauricio Acosta is a Colombian football player , who plays as a goalkeeper for Independiente Santa Fe in the Copa Mustang .
Jacopo Dezi ( born 10 February 1992 ) is an Italian footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Serie B side Bari on loan from Serie A club Napoli .
Surjay Pariyar ( born 8 October 1992 in Mangan , India ) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Rangdajied United F.C. in the I - League .
Matúš Pekár ( born 16 March 1984 in Bojnice ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for FK Haniska , on loan from 1 .
Mel Melin is a former Canadian football backup quarterback for the BC Lions .
After still appearing with successfully for J. League 's Kashima Antlers , winning both the league and MVP titles in 1996 , Jorginho returned to Brazil and played until 39 , with São Paulo FC , CR Vasco da Gama and Fluminense Football Club .
Thomas Lombard began playing Rugby Union with Racing but he moved to Stade Français with whom he won four top 14s .
Koba Jass ( born May 1 , 1990 ) is a Latvian professional ice hockey forward , who plays for HC Bílí Tygři Liberec in Czech Extraliga .
John Dewey Adkins ( May 11 , 1918 -- December 26 , 1998 ) was a Major League Baseball pitcher for the Washington Senators and Chicago Cubs in the 1940s .
Marlon Barnes ( born March 13 , 1976 in Memphis , Tennessee ) is a former American football running back for the Chicago Bears of the NFL .
Marvin Lane ( born January 18 , 1950 ) , is a former Major League Baseball outfielder who played from 1971 to 1974 and in 1976 with the Detroit Tigers .
Abdullah Marafee is a Qatari footballer who currently plays for Al - Arabi SC ( Qatar ) , the same club he signed on with as a youth player .
Marko Vidović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Mapкo Bидoвић , born on 3 June 1988 ) is a Montenegrin footballer , who plays as a left back for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Samuli Suhonen is a Finnish professional ice hockey defenceman who currently plays in Finland for KalPa of the SM - liiga .
Daniel Nepomuceno Navarro ( born August 22 , 1991 ) is a Brazilian - American professional soccer player who plays as a defender for Fort Lauderdale Strikers in the North American Soccer League .
Josualdo Alves da Silva Oliveira , better known as Kiko ( born August 24 , 1978 ) , is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Portuguese team F.C. Paços de Ferreira of the BWIN lIGA .
Barry Sanders ( born July 16 , 1968 ) is a former American football running back who spent his entire professional career with the Detroit Lions of the National Football League .
Tomáš Vondrášek ( born 26 October 1987 is a Czech football striker currently playing for FK Teplice in the Czech Republic .
Mel Deane ( born 16 January 1975 ) is a former rugby union footballer who played centre for Connacht , Harlequins and Sale Sharks and Richmond .
Isaac Carcelén Valencia ( born 23 April 1993 ) , simply known as Isaac , is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Real Zaragoza as a right back .
Igor Grigorenko ( born April 9 , 1983 , in Tolyatti , Soviet Union ) is a Russian professional ice hockey right winger currently playing for Salavat Yulaev Ufa in the Russian Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Bogusław Wyparło ( born November 29 , 1974 in Mielec ) is a Polish footballer ( goalkeeper ) playing currently for Stal Mielec .
Marina Pettersson - Engström ( born 21 September 1987 ) is a Swedish footballer who plays as a centre back for Damallsvenskan club KIF Örebro DFF and the Sweden women 's national football team .
Edgar Bennett III ( born February 15 , 1969 ) is an American football coach and former player who is the offensive coordinator for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Narcisse - Olivier Kapo - Obou ( born 27 September 1980 in Abidjan , Côte d'Ivoire ) , known as Olivier Kapo , is a French footballer who last played for Ekstraklasa club Korona Kielce .
Paolo Mavolo ( born 6 March 1992 ) is a Hungarian striker who currently plays for Zalaegerszegi TE .
Park Hyeong - soon ( Hangul : 박형순 ; born 23 October 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as goalkeeper for Suwon FC in K League Challenge .
Ngabu Yannick Bapupa ( born 21 January 1982 ) is a Congolese footballer who plays for as a midfielder and is currently a free agent after leaving his most recent club AFC United .
Park Sun - yong ( Hangul : 박선용 ; born 12 March 1989 ) is a South Korean footballer who plays as a Midfielder for Pohang Steelers in the K League Classic .
Mo'ayyad Omar Suleiman Abu Keshek commonly known as Mo'ayyad Abu Keshek ( Arabic : مؤيد عمر سليمان أبو كشك‎ ; born 27 April 1982 ) is a Jordanian footballer of Palestinian origin , who plays for Fanja SC in the Omantel Professional League .
Luca Zuffi ( born 27 March 1990 in Winterthur ) is a Swiss footballer who plays as Midfielder for FC Basel in the Swiss Super League .
Théodore Varvier ( 29 April 1884 in Lyon - 25 August 1913 , 29 years old ) was a French rugby union player , who played for the France national rugby union team .
Yevhen Murashov ( Ukrainian : Євген Ігорович Мурашов ; born 9 May 1995 in Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Chornomorets Odesa in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Omar Betrouni ( born 9 January 1949 ) is a former Algeria international football forward who played for MC Alger and USM Alger .
After starting his professional career with lowly Mogi Mirim Esporte Clube , São Gonçalo Futebol Clube and Corinthians Alagoano , Olberdam moved abroad and joined Portuguese Primeira Liga club C.S. Marítimo in the summer of 2005 , aged 20 .
Richard Elias Anderson ( born November 30 , 1977 in Ottawa ) is a Canadian former professional basketball player who last played for the Halifax Rainmen at the center position .
Dimitrios Karatziovalis ( Greek : Δημήτρης Καρατζιοβαλής ; born 22 July 1975 ) is a Greek footballer who plays for Makedonikos F.C. as a Goalkeeper .
Michal Kamenčík ( born 2 January 1993 in Prešov ) is a Slovak football striker who currently plays for club 1 . FC Tatran Prešov .
Almir Bajramovski ( Macedonian : Алмир Бајрамовски ; born 21 May 1982 ) is a Macedonian football defender , currently playing for FK Skopje .
Youri Loen ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈjuːri ˈlun ) ; born 27 January 1991 ) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Fortuna Sittard , on loan from Sparta Rotterdam , in the Dutch Eerste Divisie .
Samuel Santos Bourque ( born April 18 , 1996 ) is a Canadian soccer player who currently plays for Juventus IF in the Swedish football .
Fernando López López ( born February 7 , 1984 in La Piedad , Michoacán ) is a Mexican football defender , who plays for Dorados de Sinaloa .
Béla Egresi ( born in Csepel on 11 May 1922 -- died in Budapest on 10 June 1999 ) was a Hungarian football forward , who played for Kispest and Újpest FC , as well as representing 23 times the Hungarian national football team between 1943 and 1953 .
Artem Pustovyi ( Ukrainian : Артем Пустовий , born June 25 , 1992 ) is a Ukrainian professional basketball player who currently plays for Obradoiro CAB of the Spanish Liga ACB , on loan from Ukrainian club BC Khimik .
John Purves ( born February 12 , 1968 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian ice hockey player who played seven games in the National Hockey League for the Washington Capitals during the 1990 - -91 NHL season .
Daniel Stensøe ( born 10 September 1994 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for SK Herd .
Paul Broderick ( born 3 January 1970 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played in the VFL / AFL between 1988 and 1993 for the Fitzroy Football Club and then from 1994 until 2001 for the Richmond Football Club .
Azman Adnan ( born 1 November 1971 ) is a former Malaysian footballer who last played for Negeri Sembilan FA before retiring .
Simon Hogan ( born 16 August 1988 ) is an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Shlomi Moshe Ohayon ( Hebrew : שלומי משה אוחיון‎ ; born May 24 , 1983 in Ashdod ) is an Israeli football player who currently plays for F.C. Ashdod .
Ramiro Arias ( born 6 January 1993 ) is an Argentine footballer who plays for Aldosivi , on loan from San Lorenzo , as a defender .
Lorry Nkolo ( born June 22 , 1993 ) is a Congolese professional footballer who plays as a forward for DRB Tadjenanet in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 1 .
Martin Sejr Jensen ( born 10 July 1973 ) , known as Martin S. Jensen , is a Danish former professional football goalkeeper , who played 134 games in the top - flight Danish Superliga championship from 2001 to 2007 , representing Esbjerg fB , Odense BK , Randers FC , and AaB Aalborg .
Orest Kuzyk ( Ukrainian : Орест Тарасович Кузик ; born 17 May 1995 in Lviv , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder who plays on loan for FC Hoverla Uzhhorod in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Fernando Navarro Corbacho ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ferˈnando naˈβaro ) ; born 25 June 1982 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays for Deportivo de La Coruña .
Nick Riewoldt ( /ˈriːvoʊlt/ REE - volt ; born 17 October 1982 ) is an Australian rules footballer who is the current captain of the St Kilda Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
Dale Dodrill ( born February 7 , 1926 ) was an American football defensive tackle who played nine seasons for the Pittsburgh Steelers .
Graham Teasdale ( born 26 June 1955 ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Richmond Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) between 1972 and 1975 , for the South Melbourne Football Club from 1975 to 1981 and then for the Collingwood Football Club from 1982 to 1984 .
Cornelius Bencsik ( born 22 October 1997 ) is a Norwegian football midfielder who currently plays for Norwegian Premier League side Stabæk Fotball .
Helmut Riegler ( born October 13 , 1976 ) is an Austria international footballer who played for clubs including Union St. Florian .
Ezequiel Arana de Palacio ( born 1 May 1986 ) , simply known as Ezequiel , is a Spanish footballer who plays for La Roda CF as a left back .
Arno Kozelsky ( born November 1 , 1981 ) is an Austrian footballer , currently playing for SKN St. Pölten .
Lukáš Štetina ( born 28 July 1991 ) is a Slovak football central defender who currently plays for Gambrinus Liga club FK Dukla Prague .
Romeo Wouden ( born December 20 , 1970 in Amsterdam , Netherlands ) is a Dutch footballer who made his Eerste Divisie league debut with club FC Dordrecht during the 1988 - -1989 season and played his last Eerste Divisie league game with club Sparta Rotterdam during the 1999 - -2000 season .
Süleyman Seba ( 5 April 1926 - 13 August 2014 ) was a Turkish football player and was the longest presiding Chairman of the Istanbul based multisports club Beşiktaş J.K ..
Glen Christian ( born c. 1929 ) is a former Canadian football halfback who played five seasons in the Canadian Football League with the Calgary Stampeders and BC Lions .
Jurrell Casey ( born December 5 , 1989 ) is an American football defensive end for the Tennessee Titans of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Ramazan Civelek ( born 22 January 1996 ) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Turkish side Fenerbahçe S.K ..
Asim Škaljić ( born August 9 , 1981 in Mostar ) is a Bosnian footballer currently playing as a defender for FK Velež Mostar .
Hasheem Thabeet ( born Hashim Thabit Manka on 16 February 1987 ) is a Tanzanian professional basketball player who last played for the Grand Rapids Drive of the NBA Development League .
Léandre Tawamba career is linked with Cameroonian clubs Union Douala , Aigle Royal Menoua and South African FC Cape Town and also Mpumalanga Black Aces , In summer 2012 , he was on an unsuccessful trials in Slovak football clubs ŠK Slovan Bratislava and later at MFK Ružomberok .
Oleksandr Mihunov ( Ukrainian : Олександр Юрійович Мігунов ; born 13 April 1994 in Donetsk , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football midfielder , who plays on loan for Ukrainian First League club FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Bence Ludánszki ( born 25 October 1990 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian football defender player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC .
Chris Annakin ( born 30 January 1991 ) is an English professional rugby league player for Wakefield Trinity Wildcats ( Heritage # 1325 ) in the Super League and for the London Broncos on dual registration .
Derek Joslin ( born March 17 , 1987 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing with AIK IF of the Swedish Hockey League ( SHL ) .
Kayle Connor ( born 8 January 1990 ) is an Australian Rugby League player who currently plays for Workington Town in the Kingstone Press Championship 1 competition in the United Kingdom .
Dick Grigg ( 8 June 1885 -- 14 November 1972 ) was an Australian rules footballer for the Geelong Football Club in the Victorian Football League , now Australian Football League .
Brison Manor ( August 10 , 1952 ) was an American football defensive end who played eight seasons in the National Football League for the Denver Broncos , from 1977 - -1984 , before appearing in six games with Tampa Bay Buccaneers , also in 1984 .
Calcio Catania officially agreed to the permanent transfer of midfielder Norbert Gyömbér from Dukla Banská Bystrica during the 2013 January transfer window , though the transfer was not officially be completed until 1 July 2013 .
Denis Stasyuk ( September 2 , 1985 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey winger who currently plays for Metallurg Novokuznetsk of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Alexander Nandzik ( born 12 September 1992 ) is a German footballer who plays for SSV Jahn Regensburg on loan from Chemnitzer FC .
Manish Maithani is an Indian football player who plays as a Central Midfielder for Vitória de Guimarães B in the Portuguese 2nd division , on loan from Indian Super League club FC Pune City .
Alexander Pavlovich ( born July 12 , 1988 in Grodno ) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey player who is currently playing for HC Dinamo Minsk in the Kontinental Hockey League .
Toni Kallio ( born 9 August 1978 ) is a Finnish former footballer who last presented Ilves in Ykkönen .
Waly Coulibaly ( born February 10 , 1988 ) is a Malian basketball player who last played for The Patterson School after previously playing for Stade Malien of the Malian Basketball League while in High School .
Juliano André Pereira da Silva ( born 13 October 1986 in Parapuã , São Paulo ) , commonly known as Juliano , is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a defender for FK Kukësi in the Albanian Superliga .
Mokhtar Naili ( Arabic : مختار النايلي‎ ; born 3 September 1953 ) is a retired Tunisian footballer who played as a goalkeeper for Club Africain and the Tunisian national team .
Washington Luiz Pereira dos Santos ( born 10 April 1975 ) is a Brazilian football player who currently plays as a striker for Nacional Futebol Clube .
Valdeir da Silva Santos or simply Valdeir ( born 12 April 1977 in Maceió ) is a Brazilian football attacking midfielder , who currently plays for Clube Atlético Metropolitano .
Jason Plumhoff ( born August 9 , 1991 ) is an American / German soccer player who currently plays for Harrisburg City Islanders in the United Soccer League .
Yamen Ben Zekry ( Arabic : يامن بن ذكري‎ ; born October 6 , 1979 in Tunis ) is a Tunisian footballer who play for Al - Salmiya SC in Kuwait .
Hussam Ibrahim Ali Al - Sarray ( Arabic : حسام ابراهيم علي السراي‎ , born May 10 , 1987 in Basra , Iraq ) , is an Iraqi footballer who plays as a striker for Al Masafi in Iraqi Premier League .
Dragan Bočeski ( Macedonian : Драган Бочески ; born 24 November 1963 ) is a former Macedonian football player and a current football coach who was recently coached FK Pelister .
John Helton ( born 23 May 1947 ) is a former defensive tackle for the Calgary Stampeders from 1969 - -1978 and the Winnipeg Blue Bombers from 1979 - 1982 of the Canadian Football League .
Kénold Versailles ( born March 24 , 1984 in Carrefour ) is a Haitian footballer who , from 2011 - -2012 , played for Rochester Rhinos in the USL Professional Division .
John Keefe Cato ( born August 4 , 1957 in Yonkers , New York ) is a former relief pitcher who played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1983 and 1984 .
Warner Hahn ( born 15 June 1992 in Rotterdam ) is a Dutch footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Feyenoord in the Dutch Eredivisie .
Kouider Boukessassa ( born May 30 , 1974 in Oran , Algeria ) is an Algerian football player who is currently playing as a forward for MC Oran in the Algerian Championnat National .
Kim Jae - woong ( Korean : 김재웅 ; born 1 January 1988 ) is a South Korean football Forward , who plays for Suwon FC in South Korea 's second - tier football league , the K League Challenge .
Grant Gillis ( January 24 , 1901 -- February 4 , 1981 ) was a utility infielder in Major League Baseball who played from 1927 through 1929 for the Washington Senators ( 1927 - -28 ) and Boston Red Sox ( 1929 ) .
László Rezes ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈlaːsloː ˈrɛzɛʃ ) ; born 12 August 1987 in Debrecen ) is a Hungarian football ( midfielder ) player who currently plays for Debreceni VSC .
Diego Walsh ( born 8 December 1979 in Santos ) is a Brazilian footballer who last played for TOT S.C. in the Thai Premier League .
Clarissa Davis was selected by the Phoenix Mercury in the second round ( 22nd pick overall ) of the 1999 WNBA Draft .
Christophe Lauwers ( born 17 September 1972 ) is a Belgian footballer who , as of 2006 was playing for K.V. Oostende .
Tomáš Holý ( born 10 December 1991 ) is a professional Czech football goalkeeper currently playing for FC Fastav Zlín on loan from AC Sparta Prague .
Noah Delgado ( born December 30 , 1979 in Fremont , California ) is an American - born Puerto Rican footballer currently playing for the Puerto Rico Islanders of the North American Soccer League .
Corwin Brown ( born April 25 , 1970 ) is an American football coach who was most recently the defensive backs coach for the New England Patriots of the National Football League .
Filip Jagiełło ( born 8 August 1997 in Lubin ) is a Polish football player who plays as a midfielder in Zagłębie Lubin .
Georgi Belousov ( born December 26 , 1990 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey player currently with HC Lada Togliatti in the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Zbyněk Michálek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈzbɪɲɛk ˈmɪxaːlɛk ) , born December 23 , 1982 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for the Arizona Coyotes of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Marko Vukasović ( born 10 September 1990 in Cetinje , Montenegro , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Montenegrin footballer , who was playing for Kecskeméti TE , FK Veternik and FK Proleter .
Andrew Vlahos began his senior career at Heidelberg United FC in the National Soccer League from 1994 - 1996 .
Ingo Klemen ( born 29 July 1986 ) is an Austrian professional footballer who currently plays as an attacker for SV Mattersburg in the Austrian Football First League .
Isaac Sackey ( born 4 April 1994 in Berekum ) , is a Ghanaian football midfielder , who plays for Gambrinus Liga club FC Slovan Liberec in the Czech Republic .
Yelena Leuchanka ( Belarusian : Алена Сцяпанаўна Леўчанка ; born 30 April 1983 ) is a Belarusian professional women 's basketball player who was most recently a member of the Atlanta Dream of the WNBA in the United States and UMMC Ekaterinburg in the Russian Superleague .
Igor Mihajlovski ( Macedonian : Игор Михајловски ; born December 24 , 1973 in Kumanovo ) is a Macedonian former professional basketball player and former coach of KK Kumanovo .
Mattia Bodano ( born August 11 , 1990 ) is an Italian midfielder , currently on the books of Progetto Calcio Sant'Elia , co - ownership with Cagliari .
Ablade Kumah played most of his club football in Ghana with Accra Hearts of Oak SC between 1987 and 1993 .
David Bellion ( born 27 November 1982 ) is a French footballer who currently plays as a forward for Red Star F.C ..
Brian Kamler ( born February 12 , 1972 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is a retired American soccer midfielder , who played two seasons in the USISL , winning the 1995 U.S. Open Cup and league titles with the Richmond Kickers , and ten seasons in Major League Soccer .
Bernard Foley ( born 8 September 1989 ) is an Australian rugby player with the New South Wales Waratahs in Super Rugby .
Dallas Hood ( 11 December 1977 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Sydney Roosters , and Wakefield Trinity Wildcats , as a Prop .
David Akinluyi ( born 10 February 1984 , in Ilesa , Nigeria ) is a rugby union footballer who played on the wing for the Northampton Saints .
Gabriel Hoyos ( born 3 March 1989 ) is a Colombian - American international footballer who plays for Miami Dade FC , as a midfielder .
Herbert Dörner ( 14 July 1930 - 26 March 1991 ) was a German international footballer who played for Preußen Dellbrück , 1 . FC Köln and Bonner SC .
Diego Pelicles da Silva ( 23 October 1982 ) is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Gwangju FC in K League Challenge as a forward .
Martin Staško ( born 21 August 1983 ) is a Slovak football defender who currently plays for club MŠK Tesla Stropkov .
Isaac Success Ajayi ( born 7 January 1996 ) is a Nigerian professional footballer who plays for Spanish club Granada CF as a forward .
Sander Skogli ( born 4 May 1993 in Sarpsborg , Norway ) is a Norwegian ice hockey goaltender who plays for Sparta Warriors .
Kalle Eerola ( born 1 November 1983 ) is a Finnish professional football midfielder who currently plays for the Veikkausliiga side FC Lahti in Finland .
Marko Vujin ( Serbian Cyrillic : Марко Вујин , born 7 December 1984 ) is a Serbian handball player who plays for German club THW Kiel and for the Serbian national team .
Oleksandr Savanchuk ( Ukrainian : Олександр Володимирович Саванчук , born 9 October 1982 in Horlivka , in the Donetsk Oblast in the Ukrainian SSR of the Soviet Union ) is a Ukrainian football striker who plays for FC Naftovyk - Ukrnafta Okhtyrka in the Ukrainian First League .
Dylan Mika ( born 17 April 1972 in Auckland ) is a former rugby union player who represented both Samoa national rugby union team and New Zealand .
Nemanja Kartal ( born 17 July 1994 in Pljevlja ) is a Montenegrin professional footballer who plays for FK Slavija Sarajevo in Bosnia and Herzegovina as a central defender .
Westley Laboucherie ( born 6 October 1978 ) is a Mauritian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Savanne SC .
Ivan Tsyupa ( Ukrainian : Іван Іванович Цюпа ; born 25 June 1993 in Yelyzavetivka , Donetsk Oblast , Ukraine ) , is a professional Ukrainian football defender who plays for FC Illichivets Mariupol .
Erika Tymrak ( born August 7 , 1991 ) is an American professional soccer midfielder who plays for FC Kansas City in the National Women 's Soccer League ( NWSL ) .
Brodie Grundy ( born 15 April 1994 ) is a professional Australian rules football player with the Collingwood Football Club in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) .
David Gosselin ( born June 22 , 1977 in Lévis , Quebec ) is a Canadian ice hockey left winger who played 13 games in the National Hockey League for the Nashville Predators .
Bjørn Petter Ingebretsen ( born 26 May 1967 ) is a Norwegian football coach who manages Tippeligaen club Strømsgodset Toppfotball .
Juninho Petrolina began his professional career in 1995 with Sport Club do Recife and played for a number of clubs in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A , including Atlético Mineiro , Vitória , Santa Cruz and Náutico .
Bleddyn Bowen played club rugby for South Wales Police and Swansea RFC .
Ruben Smith ( born April 15 , 1987 ) is a Norwegian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for Stavanger Oilers in Norway 's GET - ligaen .
Manuel López Escámez ( born 25 November 1985 ) , commonly known as Manolo , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF as a central midfielder .
Uwe Leifeld ( born 24 July 1966 in Münster ) is a retired German football forward , who works as a scout with VfL Bochum as of 2009 .
Zoltán Szatmári ( born 2 May 1979 in Budapest ) is a Hungarian football player who last played for Vasas SC .
Christian Günter ( born 28 February 1993 ) is a German footballer who plays as a left back for SC Freiburg .
Tang Tian initially started his career with second tier football club Changchun Yatai F.C. , but by the 2000 Chinese league season he could not establish himself within the team and would leave the club .
Ernest Winter ( birth registered January→March 1910 ( age 105 - -106 ) ) birth registered in Pontefract district , is an English professional rugby league footballer of the 1930s , playing at representative level for England , and at club level for Featherstone Rovers , and Hunslet , as a centre , i.e. number 2 or 4 .
Ogün Altıparmak ( born November 10 , 1938 in Adapazarı , Sakarya ) is a former Turkish national football player who played for Fenerbahçe S.K ..
Amro Tarek Abdel - Aziz ( Arabic : عمرو طارق‎ ; born 17 May 1992 ) is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays for American club Columbus Crew SC on loan from Spanish club Real Betis .
Yanick Brecher ( born 25 May 1993 ) is a Swiss professional footballer who currently plays as a goalkeeper for FC Zürich .
Roy Gerela ( born April 2 , 1948 , Sarrail , Alberta ) is a former American football placekicker best known for his years with the Pittsburgh Steelers , with whom he won three Super Bowl rings .
Igor Kozoš ( Serbian Cyrillic : Игор Козош ; born 4 August 1974 ) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays mainly as right defender for FK Bačka 1901 .
Aleš Kokot ( born 23 October 1979 ) is a Slovenian football player , who plays for Kecskeméti TE .
Vedran Turkalj ( born 11 May 1988 ) is a Croatian football defender , who plays for NK Solin in Druga HNL .
Bohdan Semenets ( Ukrainian : Богдан Іванович Семенець ; born 27 November 1990 , Soviet Union ) is a professional Ukrainian football forward who currently plays for FC Ternopil in the Ukrainian First League .
Ignat Damyanov ( Bulgarian : Игнат Дамянов ; born 13 July 1987 ) is a Bulgarian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Akademik Svishtov .
Matej Rakovan ( born 14 March 1990 ) is a Slovak football goalkeeper who currently plays for the Gambrinus Liga club SK Slavia Prague .
Michael Oenning ( born 27 September 1965 ) is a German football coach and former player who currently manages Vasas SC , formerly managing Hamburger SV and 1 .
Alsatian Émile Rummelhardt played as defender / midfielder for Troyes , FC Mulhouse and Girondins de Bordeaux .
MacArthur Lane ( born March 16 , 1942 ) is a former professional football player , a running back in the National Football League for eleven seasons , from 1968 to 1978 for the St. Louis Cardinals , Green Bay Packers , and Kansas City Chiefs .
Jakub Hromada ( born 25 May 1996 ) is a Slovak professional footballer who plays for FK Senica as a midfielder , on loan from U.C. Sampdoria .
Rob Worrincy ( born 9 January 1985 in Leeds ) is an Anglo - Nigerian - Welsh rugby league player for Sheffield Eagles in the Co - operative Championship , he previously played for Halifax .
Mieczysław Sikora ( born February 6 , 1982 in Wisła ) is a Polish football player currently playing for Elana Toruń .
The New York Liberty selected Nicole Powell with the first pick in the ensuing dispersal draft .
Fraser Gehrig ( born 3 March 1976 ) is a retired Australian rules footballer in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) who played for the St Kilda Football Club and the West Coast Eagles .
Boris Smiljanić ( born 28 September 1976 in Zürich ) is a former Swiss football player of Croatian and Serbian descent who played in defence for Grasshopper and FC Basel .
Duke Hashimoto ( born December 15 , 1984 in Kapolei , Hawaii ) is an American soccer forward with the Atlanta Silverbacks of the USL First Division .
Mariusz Mężyk ( born September 2 , 1983 in Nowy Sącz ) is a Polish striker who plays for Limanovia Limanowa on loan from Kolejarz Stróże .
Tomi Wilenius ( born January 15 , 1993 ) is a Finnish professional ice hockey player currently on playing with Hokki of the Finnish Mestis .
Hans Pauli Samuelsen ( born 18 October 1984 ) is a Faroese professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for B36 Tórshavn and Faroe Islands national team .
Julie Tavlo Petersson ( born 20 January 1989 ) is a Danish football midfielder who plays for Brøndby IF of Denmark 's Elitedivisionen .
Ivan Ćurić ( born 18 May 1987 in Split ) is a Croatian football forward who currently plays for NK Solin in the Treća HNL .
Vítor Bruno Rodrigues Gonçalves ( born 29 March 1992 in São Bartolomeu de Messines , Silves , Algarve ) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for Gil Vicente F.C. as a midfielder .
Tom Beynon ( born c. 1941 ) was a Canadian football player who played for the Saskatchewan Roughriders and Ottawa Rough Riders .
Lukáš Fialka ( born 19 September 1995 ) is a professional Czech footballer who currently plays for SK Slavia Prague .
Robert Krabbendam ( born July 11 , 1986 ) is a Dutch basketball player for Rotterdam Basketbal College .
Ray Jencke , ( born 25 March 1966 ) is a former Australian Rules footballer who played for Hawthorn Football Club .
Damien Markman ( born 7 January 1978 ) is an English former professional footballer who played in The Football League for Wycombe Wanderers .
Edy Cabrera ( born August 14 , 1977 ) is a Guatemalan football defender who currently plays for Deportivo Malacateco in Guatemala 's top division .
Emin Aladağ ( born February 25 , 1983 in Lüleburgaz ) is a Turkish footballer who plays for Adana Demirspor as a midfielder .
Nicolaj Ritter ( born 8 May 1992 ) is a Danish footballer , who plays as a left back for Silkeborg IF .
Brian Heron ( born 19 June 1948 ) is a Scottish former footballer , who played in the Scottish Football League for Rangers , Motherwell and Dumbarton , and in the Football League for Oxford United and Scunthorpe United .
Vince Petrasso ( born April 11 , 1987 in Toronto , Ontario ) is a Canadian soccer player , played for Harrisburg City Islanders in the USL Second Division .
Jim Morrissey ( born December 24 , 1962 ) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for nine seasons for the Chicago Bears and one with the Green Bay Packers .
Idriz Batha ( born 28 March 1992 in Gjirokastër ) is an Albanian professional footballer who currently plays for Partizani Tirana in the Albanian Superliga .
Camilla Herrem ( born 8 October 1986 ) is a Norwegian handball player who plays as a left wing for the Norwegian national team and for Danish club Team Tvis Holstebro .
Oleh Shandruk ( Ukrainian : Олег Шандрук , born 30 January 1983 , Smyha , Rivne Oblast , Ukrainian SSR ) is a Ukrainian football Defender who plays for FC Volyn Lutsk in the Ukrainian Premier League .
Emir Sulejmanović ( born July 13 , 1995 ) is a Bosnian professional basketball player for FC Barcelona B of the LEB Oro .
Ryan Savoia ( born May 6 , 1973 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey centre who played three games with the Pittsburgh Penguins of the National Hockey League during the 1998 - -99 NHL season .
Piotr Kieruzel ( born November 12 , 1988 in Kołobrzeg ) is a Polish professional footballer who plays for Chojniczanka Chojnice as a defender .
Richard Bucher ( September 27 , 1955 -- September 7 , 2012 ) was an ice hockey goaltender who played for HC Davos in the Swiss National League A. He also represented the Switzerland men 's national ice hockey team in the 1985 and 1987 World Championships as well as the 1988 Winter Olympics .
Niki De Cock is a Belgian football midfielder currently playing for Lierse SK in the Belgian First Division .
Peter Luzak `` Louie '' is a retired American soccer defender who spent six seasons with the Richmond Kickers in the USL A - League .
Jozabed Sánchez Ruiz ( born 8 March 1991 ) , known simply as Jozabed ( Spanish pronunciation : ( xoθa'βeð ) ) , is a Spanish footballer who plays for Rayo Vallecano as a central midfielder .
Sergio Blázquez Sánchez ( born 30 July 1990 ) , commonly known as Tekio , is a Spanish footballer who plays for UCAM Murcia CF as a right back .
Sam Gerber ( born 5 February 1981 in Uitenhage ) is a South African rugby union winger , currently playing for the Top 14 club Aviron Bayonnais , having previously only played for the Pumas , with whom he participated in the Currie Cup in 2005 and 2006 .
Mikhail Grigoryev ( Russian : Михаил Петрович Григорьев ; born February 1 , 1991 ) is a Russian ice hockey defenceman who is currently playing for the Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod of the Kontinental Hockey League ( KHL ) .
Clayton de Sousa Moreira ( born 24 February 1988 ) is a Luxembourgian footballer who plays as a defender for Jeunesse Esch in the Luxembourg National Division , and the Luxembourg national football team .
Roel Wiersma ( Dutch pronunciation : ( ˈrul ˈʋirsmaː ) , 15 April 1932 -- 4 February 1995 ) was a Dutch footballer , who most notably played for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national team .
Ennis Haywood ( December 5 , 1979 -- May 11 , 2003 ) is a former American football running back in the National Football League for the Dallas Cowboys .
Larry Tieu ( born July 13 , 1986 ) is an American professional basketball player who last played for the Saigon Heat of the ASEAN Basketball League ( ABL ) .
Nick Kuiper ( born February 12 , 1982 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman currently playing for Friesland Flyers of the Netherlands ' Eredivisie .
Joseph Regis Jocelyn Thibault ( Tee - BOW ) ( born January 12 , 1975 ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender who played 14 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) for the Quebec Nordiques , Colorado Avalanche , Montreal Canadiens , Chicago Blackhawks , Pittsburgh Penguins and Buffalo Sabres .
Ihor Duts ( Ukrainian : Ігор Андрійович Дуць ; born 11 April 1994 in Nyzhankovychi , Staryi Sambir Raion , Lviv Oblast , Ukraine ) is a Ukrainian football defender who plays on loan for FC Illichivets Mariupol in the Ukrainian First League .
Jordan Gavin ( born 22 September 1982 ) is an Australian ice hockey and inline hockey player who plays for the CBR Brave in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Abel Lizotte ( April 13 , 1870 in Lewiston , Maine -- December 4 , 1926 in Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania ) was a Major League Baseball first baseman who played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1896 .
John Oscar Dickshot commonly known as `` Ugly '' Johnny Dickshot ( born John Oscar Dicksus , January 24 , 1910 -- November 4 , 1997 ) was a Major League Baseball outfielder for the Pittsburgh Pirates from 1936 to 1938 , the New York Giants in 1939 , and the Chicago White Sox from 1944 to 1945 .
Joanna Lohman ( born June 26 , 1982 ) is an American professional soccer midfielder / defender who plays for the Washington Spirit of the American National Women 's Soccer League .
Stanley Duyzer ( 16 February 1935 -- 18 February 2015 ) was a Surinamese football manager and player who played the majority of his career as a midfielder in the Hoofdklasse for S.V. Robinhood .
Jakub Cieciura ( born February 3 , 1983 in Lipsko ) is a Polish professional football player who currently plays for Radomiak Radom .
Vladimir Tufegdžić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Владимир Туфегџић ; born 12 June 1991 in Kraljevo ) is a Serbian football forward who plays for FK Zemun .
Kemar Headley ( born 14 December 1993 ) is a Barbadian footballer who currently plays for the Weymouth Wales as a forward .
Rasheed Olabiyi ( born 8 August 1990 in Ibadan ) is an association football midfielder who currently plays for the Houston Dynamo .
Matt Whitley ( born 20 January 1996 ) is a rugby league footballer who plays for Widnes Vikings in the European Super League .
Dean Whare ( pronounced Far - reh - rolled R ) ( born 22 January 1990 ) is a New Zealand rugby league player who currently plays for the Penrith Panthers in the National Rugby League .
Hege Hansen ( born 24 October 1990 ) is a Norwegian footballer who plays for Klepp IL in the Norwegian Toppserien and for Norway .
Graeme Walton ( born 14 June 1981 in Belfast , Northern Ireland ) is a retired British professional ice hockey defenceman who last played for the Belfast Giants of the Elite Ice Hockey League .
Following his retirement from playing Rob Howley coached Cardiff RFC / Blues , and is now the attack coach for the Wales national team .
Pascal Millien ( born 3 May 1986 in Léogâne ) is a Haitian professional footballer who currently plays for Jacksonville Armada FC of the North American Soccer League .
Bruce Doull ( born 11 September 1950 in Geelong , Victoria ) is a former Australian rules football player who played for the Carlton Football Club .
Gonzalo Javier Rodríguez Prado ( American Spanish : ( ɡonˈsalo roˈðɾiɣes ) ; born 10 April 1984 ) , sometimes known as simply Gonzalo , is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for Italian club ACF Fiorentina as a central defender .
Martin Andersen ( born 7 November 1986 ) is a Danish professional football ( soccer ) midfielder , who currently plays for the FC Roskilde .
Jacques Lamoureux ( born June 14 , 1986 ) is an American professional ice hockey player who previously played for the Alaska Aces in the ECHL .
Kieran Allen ( 21 November 1975 ) is a professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s , playing at club level for Wakefield Trinity ( Heritage # 1039 ) , and Hunslet Hawks , as a Fullback , or Stand - off / Five - eighth .
Birger Rosengren ( 29 October 1917 -- 15 October 1977 ) was a former international Swedish footballer who played for IFK Norrköping as a midfielder .
Ben Sinclair is an Australian rules footballer playing in the Australian Football League ( AFL ) for the Collingwood Football Club .
Ian Fuller ( born August 31 , 1979 ) is a former American soccer player who currently serves as an assistant coach for Minnesota United FC .
Sidney Thornton ( born September 2 , 1954 in New Orleans , Louisiana , USA ) is a former American professional football player who was selected by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the 2nd round ( 48th overall ) of the 1977 NFL Draft .
Oscar Moens ( born 1 April 1973 in ' s - Gravenzande ) is a former Dutch footballer who currently holds a commercial position at Sparta Rotterdam .
Peter Kennaugh MBE ( born 15 June 1989 ) is a Manx professional racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI ProTour team Team Sky .
Víctor Sánchez del Amo ( born 23 February 1976 ) , known simply as Víctor , is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a right midfielder , and the current coach of Deportivo de La Coruña .
Rear - Admiral George Countess ( died 1811 ) was an officer of the British Royal Navy who saw extensive service in the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Admiral of the Fleet Sir Houston Stewart , GCB ( 3 August 1791 -- 10 December 1875 ) was a Royal Navy officer and briefly a Liberal Party Member of Parliament .
Alfred Zerbel ( 8 September 1904 -- 15 December 1987 ) was a German general who served as a staff officer in the Wehrmacht during World War II , and as the second Inspector of the Army in the German Army of the Bundeswehr .
Sir Francis Samuel Drake , 1st Baronet ( 1729 -- 19 October 1789 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy .
Rear Admiral Terence E. McKnight , United States Navy , is a former American naval officer who commanded a multi - national naval force tasked to confront piracy activities off the coast of Somalia .
The 133rd ( Highland ) Regiment of Foot ( Inverness Volunteers ) was a Scottish infantry regiment in the British Army , created in 1794 and disbanded in 1795 .
Captain Gordon Waite Underwood ( June 3 , 1910 -- January 15 , 1978 ) was a United States Navy Captain who was awarded the Navy Cross for his achievements during World War II . He is the namesake of the ship USS Underwood ( FFG-36 ) .
Mervin Vavasour ( 1821 - 27 March 1866 ) was a member of the Royal Engineers , one of the corps of the British Army .
The Saint Patrick 's Battalion ( Spanish : Batallón de San Patricio ) , formed and led by John Riley , was a unit of 175 to several hundred immigrants ( accounts vary ) and expatriates of European descent who fought as part of the Mexican Army against the United States in the Mexican--
, better known as Ken Mattingly , is a former American naval officer and aviator , flag officer , aeronautical engineer , test pilot , Rear Admiral in the United States Navy and astronaut who flew on the Apollo 16 , STS-4 and STS-51-C missions .
Admiral Sir William Domett , GCB ( 1752 -- 19 May 1828 ) was a senior officer of the British Royal Navy who saw extensive service during the American Revolutionary , French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Sir Edward Buller , 1st Baronet ( 24 December 1764 -- 15 April 1824 ) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence and the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
The West Sussex County Division was a formation of the British Army , raised in World War II and formed by the redesignation of Brocforce on 9 November 1940 .
Adam McCullock ( born c.1834 ) was a Union Navy sailor in the American Civil War and a recipient of the U.S. military 's highest decoration , the Medal of Honor , for his actions at the Battle of Mobile Bay .
Edward Baynes ( 1768 - -1829 ) , was an officer in the British Army .
Günther Lützow ( 4 September 1912 -- 24 April 1945 ) was a German Luftwaffe aviator and fighter ace credited with 110 enemy aircraft shot down in over 300 combat missions .
Vice Admiral Sir Arthur Mackenzie Power KCB MBE ( 18 June 1921 -- 17 November 1984 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Flag Officer , Plymouth .
The 53d Weather Reconnaissance Squadron ( AFRC ) , also known by its nickname , Hurricane Hunters , is a flying unit of the United States Air Force , and `` the only Department of Defense organization still flying into tropical storms and hurricanes . ''
Lieutenant - General Sir Dudley Russell KBE , CB , DSO , MC ( 1 December 1896 - -4 February 1978 ) was a senior officer of both the British Army and the British Indian Army , and served during World War I and World War II .
General Sir George Norton Cory KBE , CB , DSO was a Canadian born and educated soldier who served with the British Army in India , South Africa and Canada and during the Boer War , World War I and World War II .
18 ( UKSF ) Signal Regiment is a regiment of the Royal Corps of Signals in the British Army and provides communications and information systems support to the force elements of the United Kingdom Special Forces ( UKSF ) .
Samuel Ogle became a captain of a cavalry regiment in the British Army .
Rear Admiral Charles Stillman Sperry ( 3 September 1847 -- 1 February 1911 ) was an officer in the United States Navy .
Otto Diller Schmidt ( August 10 , 1884 -- February 10 , 1963 ) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy who received the Medal of Honor for bravery .
Hugh David Black ( 29 June 1903 -- 28 February 1942 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during World War II . Black was born in Oradell , New Jersey , on 29 June 1903 .
Charles John Forbes ( February 10 , 1786 -- September 22 , 1862 ) was an official in the British Army and political figure in Canada East .
Isaac Foote Dortch ( December 12 , 1883 -- June 4 , 1932 ) was a captain in the United States Navy who was awarded the Navy Cross for actions during World War I.
Eugene R. Brady was a United States Marine Corps officer and recipient of the Navy Cross .
George L. Jones was a United States Air Force flying ace during the Korean War , shooting down six enemy aircraft , with an additional shared victory credit , for a total of 6.5 victories in the war .
Clarence Stewart Williams ( October 7 , 1863 -- October 24 , 1951 ) was a four - star admiral in the United States Navy who served as commander in chief of the United States Asiatic Fleet from 1925 to 1927 .
Colonel Charles Fairlie Dobbs CIE CBE DSO ( 1 July 1872 -- 27 December 1936 ) was a British Indian Army officer .
The Royal Warwickshire Regiment , previously titled the 6th Regiment of Foot , was a line infantry regiment of the British Army in continuous existence for 283 years .
St. Clair Streett ( October 6 , 1893 -- September 28 , 1970 ) , known as `` Bill '' , was a United States Air Force ( USAF ) major general and writer who first organized and led the Strategic Air Command ( SAC ) .
General Thomas Patrick Gerrity ( December 8 , 1913 -- February 24 , 1968 ) was a United States Air Force general and was commander of the Air Force Logistics Command at Wright - Patterson Air Force Base , Ohio .
Vice Admiral Rowley Lambert , CB ( 23 April 1828 -- 22 July 1880 ) was a senior officer in the Royal Navy .
Commander Robert Tatton Bower ( 9 June 1894 -- 5 July 1975 ) was a Royal Navy officer and a Conservative Party politician in England .
The Queen 's Division is a British Army command , training and administrative apparatus designated for the regiments from the east and south of England and the remaining regiment of Fusiliers .
In the summer of 1936 , Adriano Mantelli was the leading Italian fighter pilot in the Spanish Civil War serving in the Regia Aeronautica .
Edward Albert Gibbs DSO & Three Bars ( born 1 April 1903 , date of death unknown ) was an officer in the Royal Navy who commanded anti - submarine destroyers in the Second World War .
Vice Admiral Eli Thomas Reich ( March 20 , 1913 New York -- November 30 , 1999 Arlington , Virginia ) was a highly decorated United States Navy officer and World War II submarine commander -- the only one to sink a battleship during the war .
The Liverpool Scottish , known diminutively as `` the Scottish '' , is a unit of the British Army , part of the Army Reserve ( formerly the Territorial Army ) , raised in 1900 as an infantry battalion of the King 's ( Liverpool Regiment ) .
The 37th ( North Hampshire ) Regiment of Foot was a line infantry regiment of the British Army , raised in Ireland in February 1702 .
Eli Bremer attended and graduated from the United States Air Force Academy ; he is currently a Major in the Air Force Reserves .
Shawna Rochelle Kimbrell is a major in the United States Air Force , and the first female African - American fighter pilot in the history of that service .
Strike Fighter Squadron 146 ( VFA-146 ) also known as the `` Blue Diamonds '' is a United States Navy operational fleet strike fighter squadron based at Naval Air Station Lemoore California .
Brigadier Colin Frederick Blackden ( 1897 - November 1986 ) was an officer in the British Army during World War II . Blackden was acting commander of several brigades of the King 's African Rifles during the East African Campaign .
The 2nd Composite Mounted Brigade was a formation of the British Army in World War I. It was formed by the 2nd Mounted Division during the Gallipoli Campaign on 4 September 1915 by absorbing the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire and London Mounted Brigades .
William Wallace Burns ( September 3 , 1825 -- April 19 , 1892 ) was a career American soldier who served in the Union Army during the American Civil War , reaching the rank of brigadier general in the volunteer army .
Denis Edward Arnold MC ( 16 July 1918 - 14 January 2015 ) was a British Army officer of the Second World War who won the Military Cross in 1944 for an opportunistic attack on a Japanese force while serving with the Chindits in Burma .
Rear Admiral Richardson Clover ( July 11 , 1846 -- October 14 , 1919 ) was an officer of the United States Navy .
Colonel Charles deForest Chandler ( December 24 , 1878 -- May 18 , 1939 ) was an American military aviator , and the first head of the Aeronautical Division , U.S. Signal Corps that later became the United States Air Force .
The 166th ( South Lancashire ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in the First World War and remained in the United Kingdom throughout the Second World War .
Major - General Wilfrid Lewis Lloyd CBE , DSO and Bar , MC ( 1 March 1896 -- 22 January 1944 ) was an officer in the British Army and the Indian Army during the First and Second world wars .
John Eglit ( born October 17 , 1874 - January 31 , 1914 ) was a seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish--
George Cregan ( December 11 , 1885 -- June 30 , 1969 ) was a Commander in the United States Navy .
Luke Lillingstone or Lillingston ( 1653 - -1713 ) was a British Army officer .
Vice Admiral Sir William Johnstone Hope , GCB ( 16 August 1766 -- 2 May 1831 ) was a prominent and controversial British Royal Navy officer and politician in late eighteenth and early nineteenth century Britain , whose career experienced fleet actions , disputes with royalty , party politics and entry to both Russian and British orders of chivalry .
Admiral Samuel Murray Robinson ( August 13 , 1882 - November 11 , 1972 ) was a United States Navy four - star admiral who directed Navy procurement during World War II .
Gabriel René Paul ( March 22 , 1813 -- May 5 , 1886 ) was a career officer in the United States Army most noted for his service as a Union Army general in the American Civil War .
Admiral John Bazely ( March 1740 -- 22 April 1809 ) was an experienced and highly respected officer of the British Royal Navy who served in three wars and saw numerous actions , notably during the American War of Independence .
The Duke of Cornwall 's Light Infantry ( DCLI ) was a light infantry regiment of the British Army in existence from 1881 to 1959 .
The Royal Dragoon Guards ( RDG ) is a cavalry regiment of the British Army .
Commodore Guert Gansevoort ( 7 June 1812 -- 15 July 1868 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the Mexican--
The Suffolk Regiment was an infantry regiment of the line in the British Army with a history dating back to 1685 .
Sir Frederick John Owen Evans KCB , FRS ( 9 March 1815 -- 20 December 1885 ) , was an officer of the Royal Navy .
Fred Jurgen Schnepel ( February 24 , 1892 -- February 2 , 1948 ) was a Seaman in the United States Navy and a Medal of Honor recipient for his role in the United States occupation of Veracruz .
Herman Osman Stickney ( December 10 , 1867 -- September 13 , 1936 ) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy who served in various capacities , including as Commander , Pacific Fleet at the end of his military career .
General Sir Roger Neil Wheeler GCB , CBE ( born 16 December 1941 ) is a retired British Army officer who served as Chief of the General Staff from 1997 to 2000 .
Admiral Sir Robert Harland , 1st Baronet ( ca . 1715 -- 21 February 1784 ) was a Royal Navy officer who became Commander - in - Chief of the East Indies Station .
LtCol Sarah Deal Burrow , United States Marine Corps , became the first female Marine selected for Naval aviation training , and subsequently the Marine Corps ' first female aviator in 1993 .
Charles Carroll Simms ( 1824 - -1884 ) a native of Virginia , became a United States Navy midshipman in 1839 .
The 195th ( 2/1st Scottish Rifles ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army raised during the Great War .
The 2nd Battalion , York and Lancaster Regiment was an infantry battalion of the British Army created in 1881 by the redesignation of the 84th ( York and Lancaster ) Regiment of Foot in 1881 .
Restricted Line Officers in the United States Navy and Navy Reserve are line officers who are not eligible for Command at Sea .
Captain Maurice Suckling ( 4 May 1726 -- July 1778 ) was a Royal Navy officer who was instrumental in the training of his nephew , Horatio Nelson .
Grant R. Mulder was a Major General in the United States Air Force .
Major Cecil Aylmer Cameron , CBE , DSO ( 17 September 1883 - -19 August 1924 ) was a British Army officer and spymaster and also a central figure of a notable fraud trial of 1911 .
Chaplain ( Rear Admiral ) Mark L. Tidd , CHC , USN , ( born May 8 , 1955 ) is a retired American Navy officer who served as the 25th Chief of Chaplains of the United States Navy from 2010 to 2014 .
Samuel Jaskilka ( December 15 , 1919 -- January 15 , 2012 ) was a four - star general whose last assignment was Assistant Commandant of the United States Marine Corps ( 1975 - -1978 ) .
Efthymios Tsimikalis ( Greek : Ευθύμιος Τσιμικάλης , 1879 - -1943 ) was a Hellenic Army officer who rose to the rank of Lieutenant General .
The 99th Regiment of Foot ( Jamaica Regiment ) was an infantry regiment of the British Army , raised in 1780 by Charles Rainsforth and disbanded in 1783 .
Arthur Japy Hepburn ( October 15 , 1877 -- May 31 , 1964 ) was an admiral in the United States Navy , whose active - duty career included service in the Spanish--
The Inns of Court Regiment ( ICR ) was a British Army regiment which existed under that name between May 1932 and May 1961 .
Hubert Paul Chatelain , born in Mansura , Louisiana , February 11 , 1917 , enlisted in the United States Navy July 10 , 1935 .
The Cameronians ( Scottish Rifles ) was a rifle regiment of the British Army , the only regiment of rifles amongst the Scottish regiments of infantry .
Major General Neyko Nenov assumed responsibility as Deputy Chief of Defence of the Republic of Bulgaria on June 30 , 2014 , after serving as Commander of the Bulgarian Land Forces for two years ( 2012 - 2014 ) .
Mansurul Haq ( Urdu : منصور الحق ) ( born October 1937 in Sialkot ) is a former admiral and now - disposed Chief of Naval Staff of Pakistan Navy .
David Edelsten ( 13 March 1933 -- 2 February 2012 ) was an English writer , British Army Brigadier and charity organizer .
Richard Delphy ( ca . 1795 -- 14 August 1813 ) was an officer in the United States Navy during the War of 1812 .
Rear Admiral Sir Home Riggs Popham , KCB , KCH ( 12 October 1762 -- 2 September 1820 ) , was a Royal Navy commander who saw service against the French during the Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars .
Commander Field Army is a senior British Army officer who has responsibility for generating and preparing forces for current and contingency operations .
David S. Bill III is a retired Rear Admiral in the United States Navy .
Sir John Moore , 1st Baronet KB ( 24 March 1718 -- 2 February 1779 ) was a British officer of the Royal Navy during the War of the Austrian Succession and the Seven Years ' War .
Major - General Charles Christopher Fowkes , CBE DSO , MC ( 1894 - -1966 ) was an officer in the British Army during World War II . His nickname was `` Fluffy . ''
Lysander Cutler ( February 16 , 1807 -- July 30 , 1866 ) was an American businessman , educator , politician , and a Union Army General during the American Civil War .
Alfred Wilkinson Johnson was a career officer of the United States Navy who served in the Spanish--
Eugene Peyton Deatrick , Jr. ( born November 17 , 1924 ) is a retired United States Air Force colonel , test pilot , and combat veteran .
The 18th ( Eastern ) Division was an infantry division of the British Army formed in September 1914 during the Great War as part of the K2 Army Group , part of Kitchener 's New Armies .
Field Marshal Sir Samuel Hulse , GCH ( 27 March 1746 -- 1 January 1837 ) was a British Army officer .
Sir Thomas Smyth , 2nd Baronet ( after 1657 -- 20 June 1732 ) was a soldier of the British Army .
The 155th ( South Scottish ) Brigade was an infantry brigade of the British Army that saw active service in both World War I and World War II . Assigned to the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , the brigade saw active service in the Middle East and on the Western Front during the First World War .
The Norrbotten Armoured Battalion ( Swedish : Norrbottens pansarbataljon ) , designation Pbat / I 19 or P 5 , is a Swedish Army armoured battalion , one of the few new formations raised in the 20th century .
The 2nd Regiment of Life Guards was a cavalry regiment in the British Army , part of the Household Cavalry .
Field Marshal Jeffery Amherst , 1st Baron Amherst of Montreal KB ( sometimes spelled Geoffrey , or Jeffrey , he himself spelled his name as Jeffery ) ( 29 January 1717 -- 3 August 1797 ) served as an officer in the British Army and as Commander - in - Chief of the Forces .
Sir William Macgregor , 2nd Baronet ( 1817 -- 29 March 1846 ) was a British Army officer .
Alastair Heathcote ( born 18 August 1977 in Athens , Greece ) is a British rower and Captain in the British Army .
James Dearden ( born 14 September 1949 ) is an English film director and screenwriter , the son of Scottish actress Melissa Stribling and acclaimed English film maker Basil Dearden .
The Sihl is a Swiss river that rises near the Druesberg mountain in the canton of Schwyz , and eventually flows into the Limmat in the centre of the city of Zürich .
The Kell factor , named after RCA engineer Raymond D. Kell , is a parameter used to limit the bandwidth of a sampled image signal to avoid the appearance of beat frequency patterns when displaying the image in a discrete display device , usually taken to be 0.7 .
Hilbert 's eighteenth problem is one of the 23 Hilbert problems set out in a celebrated list compiled in 1900 by mathematician David Hilbert .
Founded by Richard Block & David Quayle in 1969 , it is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingfisher plc . B&Q currently has stores in mainland China , Ireland and Taiwan , as well as the United Kingdom .
Kubuntu ( /kuː.ˈbuːn.tuː/ koo - BOON - too ) is an official flavour of the Ubuntu operating system which uses the KDE Plasma Desktop instead of the Unity graphical environment .
In mathematics , Erdős space is a topological space named after Paul Erdős .
is called Hurwitz matrix corresponding to the polynomial p. It was established by Adolf Hurwitz in 1895 that a real polynomial is stable ( that is , all its roots have strictly negative real part ) if and only if all the leading principal minors of the matrix H(p ) are positive :
Successful colonization of the site had to wait for Augustus ' conquest of the central Alps around 15 BC . The oldest find to date at Augusta Raurica has been dated to 6 BC by dendrochronology .
Mayabeque Province is named after the Mayabeque River ( the largest in this territory ) as well as the south shore of Mayabeque beach , the place believed to be the original location of Havana village ( San Cristóbal de La Habana ) that was founded in 1514 .
In the United States the final commercial Morse code transmission was on July 12 , 1999 , signing off with Samuel Morse 's original 1844 message , `` What hath God wrought '' , and the prosign `` SK '' .
In mathematics , the Dedekind eta function , named after Richard Dedekind , is a modular form of weight 1/2 and is a function defined on the upper half - plane of complex numbers , where the imaginary part is positive .
Beit Berl was named after Berl Katznelson , the spiritual leader of the Labor movement in Mandate Palestine .
The Edsger W. Dijkstra Prize in Distributed Computing is given for outstanding papers on the principles of distributed computing , whose significance and impact on the theory and/or practice of distributed computing has been evident for at least a decade .
The Sabatier reaction or Sabatier process was discovered by the French chemist Paul Sabatier in the 1910s .
The Lincoln Memorial is an American national monument built to honor the 16th President of the United States , Abraham Lincoln .
MCU Park ( formerly KeySpan Park ) is a minor league baseball stadium in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn , New York City , USA .
The Fröhlich Prize of the London Mathematical Society is awarded in even numbered years in memory of Albrecht Fröhlich .
Arthurite is named after two people , Arthur William Gerald Kingsbury and Sir Arthur Edward Ian Montagu Russell .
Shaftesbury Avenue is a major street in the West End of London , named after Anthony Ashley Cooper , 7th Earl of Shaftesbury , that runs in a north - easterly direction from Piccadilly Circus to New Oxford Street , crossing Charing Cross Road at Cambridge Circus .
Heronian triangles are named after Hero of Alexandria .
Austinite is named in honour of Austin Flint Rogers ( 1877 - -1957 ) , American mineralogist from Stanford University , California , USA .
In statistics , the Bingham distribution , named after Christopher Bingham , is an antipodally symmetric probability distribution on the n - sphere .
Antony and the Johnsons is a music group presenting the work of Antony Hegarty and her collaborators .
Riel House is a National Historic Site commemorating the life of the Métis politician and activist Louis Riel , and also the daily life of Métis families in the Red River Settlement .
Sylvilagus palustris hefneri ( Lazell , 1984 ) , common name Lower Keys marsh rabbit , is an endangered subspecies of marsh rabbit named after Playboy founder Hugh Hefner .
The Rydberg constant , symbol R∞ for heavy atoms or RH for hydrogen , named after the Swedish physicist Johannes Rydberg , is a physical constant relating to atomic spectra , in the science of spectroscopy .
In mathematics , Lindelöf 's lemma is a simple but useful lemma in topology on the real line , named for the Finnish mathematician Ernst Leonard Lindelöf .
In algebraic geometry , a branch of mathematics , the Lefschetz theorem on ( 1,1)-classes , named after Solomon Lefschetz , is a classical statement relating holomorphic line bundles on a compact Kähler manifold to classes in its integral cohomology .
Named for writer - artist Harvey Kurtzman ( 1924 - -1993 ) , the Harvey Awards were founded by Gary Groth , president of the publisher Fantagraphics , as part of a successor to the Kirby Awards ( which were discontinued after 1987 ) .
Carlsberg Foundation ( Danish : Carlsbergfondet ) was founded by J. C. Jacobsen in 1876 and owns 30.3 % of the shares in Carlsberg Group and has 74.2 % of the voting power .
Alexander Island was discovered on January 28 , 1821 by a Russian expedition under Fabian Gottlieb von Bellingshausen , who named it Alexander I Land for the reigning Tsar Alexander I of Russia .
Rubin causal model , is an approach to the statistical analysis of cause and effect based on the framework of potential outcomes , named after Donald Rubin .
The RPK-2 Vyuga ( Russian : РПК-2 Вьюга , meaning blizzard ) , also designated 81R , and identified by NATO as Starfish and the United States Department of Defense as SS - N-15 , is a Soviet submarine - launched , nuclear - armed anti - submarine missile system , launched exclusively through 533 mm torpedo tubes .
In mathematics , a Hodge structure , named after W. V. D. Hodge , is an algebraic structure at the level of linear algebra , similar to the one that Hodge theory gives to the cohomology groups of a smooth and compact Kähler manifold .
The Hannah Arendt Prize for Political Thought ( German : Hannah - Arendt - Preis für politisches Denken ) is a prize awarded to individuals representing the tradition of political theorist Hannah Arendt , especially in regard to totalitarianism .
The term `` Oldowan '' is taken from the site of Olduvai Gorge in Tanzania , where the first Oldowan lithics were discovered by the archaeologist Louis Leakey in the 1930s .
In mathematics , a Plücker formula , named after Julius Plücker , is one of a family of formulae , of a type first developed by Plücker in the 1830s , that relate certain numeric invariants of algebraic curves to corresponding invariants of their dual curves .
The King Willem - Alexander Canal ( Dutch : Koning Willem - Alexanderkanaal ) , named after King Willem - Alexander of the Netherlands , is a 6 km long canal in the northeastern Netherlands .
USS Narwhal ( SSN-671 ) , a unique submarine , was the third ship of the United States Navy to be named for the narwhal , a gray and white arctic whale with a unicorn - like , ivory tusk .
St. Maria i m Kapitol ( St. Mary 's in the Capitol ) is an 11th - century Romanesque church located in the Kapitol - Viertel in the old town of Cologne , Germany .
The South Sandwich Trench is a deep arcuate trench in the South Atlantic Ocean lying 100 km to the east of the South Sandwich Islands .
In mathematics , Schur polynomials , named after Issai Schur , are certain symmetric polynomials in n variables , indexed by partitions , that generalize the elementary symmetric polynomials and the complete homogeneous symmetric polynomials .
The Royal Shakespeare Theatre ( RST ) is a 1,040 + seat thrust stage theatre owned by the Royal Shakespeare Company dedicated to the British playwright and poet William Shakespeare .
The Fresnel number ( F ) , named after the physicist Augustin - Jean Fresnel , is a dimensionless number occurring in optics , in particular in scalar diffraction theory .
The word `` Hipparcos '' is an acronym for High precision parallax collecting satellite and also a reference to the ancient Greek astronomer Hipparchus of Nicaea , who is noted for applications of trigonometry to astronomy and his discovery of the precession of the equinoxes .
The City of Sydney is a major supporter of the Sydney Peace Prize .
A Dynkin system , named after Eugene Dynkin , is a collection of subsets of another universal set \Omega satisfying a set of axioms weaker than those of σ-algebra .
Nitratine ( also nitratite ) , also known as cubic niter ( UK : nitre ) , soda niter or Chile saltpeter ( UK : Chile saltpetre ) , is a mineral , the naturally occurring form of sodium nitrate , NaNO3 .
In Norse mythology , Hoddmímis holt ( Old Norse `` Hoard - Mímir 's '' holt ) is a location where Líf and Lífþrasir are foretold to survive the long winters of Fimbulvetr .
Zellweger syndrome is named after Hans Zellweger ( 1909 - -1990 ) , a Swiss - American pediatrician , a professor of pediatrics and genetics at the University of Iowa who researched this disorder .
In mathematics an Eberlein compactum , studied by William Frederick Eberlein , is a compact topological space homeomorphic to a subset of a Banach space with the weak topology .
In mathematics , Hermite 's identity , named after Charles Hermite , gives the value of a summation involving the floor function .
Fei Ngo Shan Road runs high among hills in New Kowloon like Kowloon Peak , Middle Hill ( Cheung Shan ) , Tung Shan , Cham Tin Shan and Tate 's Cairn or Tai Lo Shan .
The Pollard script , also known as Pollard Miao ( Chinese : 柏格理苗文 Bó Gélǐ Miao - wen ) or Miao , is an abugida loosely based on the Latin alphabet and invented by Methodist missionary Sam Pollard .
Rottenburg Cathedral or St Martin 's Cathedral ( Dom St. Martin ) is a church in Rottenburg am Neckar in Germany , dedicated to Martin of Tours .
Hautes - Pyrénées has two small territorial exclaves -- a remnant from the Middle Ages -- located within the neighboring département of Pyrenees - Atlantiques .
The Tiananmen Incident took place on April 5 , 1976 at Tiananmen Square in Beijing , China .
Ratan Lal Basu ( Bengali : রতন লাল বসু ; born 23 December 1948 ) is an economist and English fiction author from Kolkata , India .
Carolyn George ( September 6 , 1927 -- February 10 , 2009 ) was an American ballerina , photographer , and dance instructor .
Mary Alice Harriman ( March 12 , 1861 -- December 24 , 1925 ) was a poet , author ( of poetry , novels , short stories and non - fiction ) and publisher .
Christopher Oram is a British theatre set and costume designer .
May Miles Thomas is a Scottish film director , screenwriter and artist .
Bob Wooley ( born in Eunice , New Mexico ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the New Mexico House of Representatives representing District 66 since his January 14 , 2011 appointment by Governor of New Mexico Susana Martinez to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Keith Gardner .
Christopher Truswell ( b. January 31 , 1966 -- Manchester , England ) , is an English - born Australian actor and voice - over best known as Gerald `` Nudge '' Niritas in the Australian TV sitcom Hey Dad ... !
Keiko Lee ( born February 17 , 1965 ) is a Japanese jazz singer with a Korean ethnicity .
Ora Denise Allen ( born July 16 , 1939 ) , known by the stage name Denise LaSalle , is an American blues and R&B / soul singer , songwriter , and record producer who , since the death of Koko Taylor , has been recognized as the `` Queen of the Blues '' .
Augustin Brassard ( July 16 , 1922 -- December 26 , 1971 ) is a former Canadian politician , lawyer , secretary and teacher .
Keith Code is a former motorcycle racer , writer , and founder of the California Superbike School .
Shamar Gardner ( born March 24 , 1979 ) , better known by his stage name Vordul Mega ( a.k.a . Vordul Megallah ) , is an American rapper from New York .
Armin Kremer ( born December 4 , 1968 ) is a German rally driver who is currently competing in the 2013 World Rally Championship season in the WRC-2 class .
Stephen Tunney , also known as Dogbowl , is an American artist , musician and novelist .
Alexandr Lysenkov ( born in Moscow ) is a Russian rugby league player currently playing for RC Lokomotiv Moscow in the Championship of Russia competition .
Gary Armagnac is an American actor active in the 1980s and early 1990s most famous for his role as Lieutenant McNary in Star Trek :
Eric Thal ( born August 10 , 1965 ) is an American film and stage actor , perhaps best known as Ariel in Sidney Lumet 's A Stranger Among Us ;
Robert Ray Hamilton ( March 18 , 1851 New York City -- August 23 , 1890 in the Snake River , Idaho ) was an American politician from New York .
Tamás Vargha ( born February 2 , 1959 ) is a Hungarian teacher and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Székesfehérvár ( Fejér County Constituency II then I ) since 2010 .
Tess Brunet ( born September 12 , 1978 ) is an American singer - songwriter , guitarist , drummer , and producer , who has recorded and performed under the band names Au Ras Au Ras , Animal Electric , Generationals , and deadboy & the Elephantmen .
Jamyang Jamtsho Wangchuk is a Bhutanese actor and film producer .
Sir Charles Dalton ( June 9 , 1850 -- December 9 , 1933 ) was a Prince Edward Island businessman , politician and philanthropist .
Narcisse Henri Édouard Faucher ( April 18 , 1844 -- April 1 , 1897 ) was a Canadian author , journalist , army officer , and politician who published books under the name Faucher de Saint - Maurice .
Tom Angleberger is an American children 's writer , best known for the Origami Yoda series .
Jean Golding ( born 22 September 1939 ) is a British epidemiologist , and founder of the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children ( ALSPAC ) a birth cohort study that produced a highly detailed dataset of the children of the 90s that recorded biological , psychological , social and medical information of this multigenerational group .
Samuel P. Wheeler ( 1839 - -1906 ) was a prominent Illinois lawyer of the nineteenth century .
Andrey Teteryuk - is a Kazakhstani professional road bicycle racer who represented his country at the Olympic games .
Molissa Fenley is an American choreographer , performer and teacher of contemporary dance .
Patrick Gallois ( born 1956 ) is a French flutist and conductor .
Peleg Emory Aldrich ( July 24 , 1813-March 14 , 1895 ) was a teacher , lawyer , politician and jurist who served as the twelfth mayor of Worcester , Massachusetts and as an Associate Justice of the Massachusetts Superior Court .
Lawrence Pressman ( born July 10 , 1939 ) is an American actor , probably best known for roles on Doogie Howser , M.D. , Ladies ' Man , a recurring role on Profiler , the titular character on Mulligan 's Stew and as a fictional scientist in the 1971 film The Hellstrom Chronicle .
Eleftheria Evgenia Efstathiou ( Greek : Ελευθερία Ευγενία Ευσταθίου , born July 5 , 1989 ) is a Greek swimmer .
On 24 August 2011 , Sizzla was hit by a bus while riding his motorcycle along the Salem main road , near Runaway Bay in St. Ann , Jamaica , leading to many false reports of the singer 's death .
Adam Rex ( born May 16 , 1973 ) is an American illustrator and writer of children 's books living in Tucson , Arizona .
Carl Pelini ( born July 15 , 1965 ) is a former head coach for the Florida Atlantic Owls football team .
Aulis Sallinen ( born April 9 , 1935 ) is a Finnish contemporary classical music composer .
Ishem Boumaraf is an Algerian singer - songwriter of chaouie music .
Richard Cain ( October 4 , 1931 -- December 20 , 1973 ) , also known as Richard Scalzetti , was a notoriously corrupt Chicago police officer , made man in the Chicago Outfit , and a close associate of Mafia boss Sam Giancana .
Choi Ik - hyun ( Hangeul:최익현 , Hanja:崔益鉉 , Pen name : Myonahm 1833 - 1906 ) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty scholar , politician , philosopher , and general of the Korean Righteous Army guerrilla forces .
Albert Popov ( Bulgarian : Алберт Попов ) ( born August 8 , 1997 in Sofia ) is a Bulgarian alpine skier .
Christianne Meneses Jacobs ( born March 28 , 1971 ) is a Nicaraguan American writer , editor , and teacher .
Dan Steinberg is an American columnist and blogger for The Washington Post .
Kersi Meher - Homji is an Australian journalist , author and biographer .
Carlos Acuña ( November 4 , 1915 -- February 19 , 1999 ) was an Argentine Tango singer and composer .
Hawksley Workman is a Canadian rock singer - songwriter who has garnered critical acclaim for his blend of cabaret pop and glam rock .
Sergey Ryazansky was launched to the International Space Station on board the Soyuz TMA-10 M spacecraft on September 25 , 2013 alongside Russian cosmonaut , Oleg Kotov and American astronaut Michael S. Hopkins .
Zhang Jie ( born December 20 , 1982 ) also known as Jason Zhang is a Chinese pop singer and actor who rose to fame through televised singing competitions .
Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers ( born October 1 , 1989 ) , known professionally as Brie Larson , is an American actress and singer .
Carlos Ponce ( born September 4 , 1972 ) is a Puerto Rican actor , singer , composer and television personality .
Mikołaj Radomski , also called Mikołaj z Radomia and Nicholas of Radom , was an early 15th - century Polish composer .
Elizabeth `` Lizzy '' McChesney , better known by the stage name Lissy Trullie , is an American singer - songwriter and former model .
Vassilis Angelopoulos ( Greek : Βασίλης Αγγελόπουλος ; born February 13 , 1965 ) is a Greek American physicist .
Karen Yuzbashyan ( Armenian : Կարեն Նիկիտի Յուզբաշյան , Armenian pronunciation : ( kaɾen juzbaʃˈjan ) ; Russian : Карен Никитич Юзбашян ; January 6 , 1927 -- March 5 , 2009 ) was an Armenian historian - orientalist and expert on medieval Byzantine - Armenian relations .
Buddy Bregman ( born July 9 , 1930 ) is an American musical arranger , record producer and composer .
Gheorghe Nichita ( born September 15 , 1956 ) is a Romanian politician , who has served as the mayor of Iaşi since 2003 , and suspended ( as of May 2015 ) over allegations of corruption .
Estrella Morente ( Estrella de la Aurora Morente Carbonell ) is a Spanish flamenco singer .
Keith Gary Sebelius ( born November 8 , 1949 ) , known professionally as K. Gary Sebelius or Gary Sebelius , is an American magistrate judge and a former federal judicial nominee to the United States District Court for the District of Kansas .
Germano Meneghel ( died June 13 , 2011 ) was a Brazilian musician and singer - songwriter .
Arnie Spanier ( born April 3 , 1963 ) is an American radio host .
Sean Garrison ( born October 19 , 1937 ) is an American former actor of film and television .
Óscar Cristi Gallo ( June 29 , 1916 -- March 25 , 1965 ) was a Chilean police officer and a successful show jumping rider from the late 1940s until the late 1960s .
Naor Zion ( born February 10 , 1973 ) is an Israeli comedian , actor , writer and director .
Yoshiyahu Yosef Pinto ( born September 27 , 1973 ) is an Israeli Orthodox rabbi who leads a global organization called Mosdot Shuva Israel .
Victor Assis Brasil ( August 28 , 1945 -- 1981 ) was a Brazilian jazz saxophonist .
Sakarin Krue - On ( January 7 , 1965 ) is a contemporary Thai visual artist .
Lisa J. White is a teacher and translator of Arabic .
Jesse Powell is a Grammy - nominated American R&B / soul songwriter - singer .
John Alexander Simpson ( November 3 , 1916 -- August 31 , 2000 ) worked as an experimental nuclear , and cosmic ray physicist who was deeply committed to educating the public and political leaders about science and its implications .
Richard Misrach ( born in Los Angeles , California in 1949 ) is an American photographer `` firmly identified with the introduction of color to ' fine ' ( art ) photography in the 1970s , and with the use of large - format traditional cameras '' ( Nancy Princenthal , Art in America ) .
Aaron Latham ( born October 3 , 1943 ) is an American journalist who wrote the article that inspired the movie Urban Cowboy and co - wrote its script with director James Bridges .
Leonard Rosenfeld ( December 14 , 1926 -- December 2 , 2009 ) was an American expressionist artist who was born in Brooklyn , New York .
Dennis E. Stowell ( June 18 , 1944 -- April 17 , 2011 ) was an American politician and chemical engineer from Utah .
Dean Farnham is a former Australian rules footballer , who played for the Central District Football Club in the South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) and the Fitzroy Football Club in the Victorian Football League ( VFL ) .
Robert Weiner , Jr. ( born February 22 , 1982 , Newport Beach , California ) is an international water polo player from the United States , who played for the University of Southern California from 2000 to 2003 , and at Newport Harbor High School from 1996 to 1999 .
Lilian Jeannette Rice ( June 12 , 1889 -- December 22 , 1938 ) was an eco - conscious , early 20th - century American architect working primarily in the California Spanish colonial style .
Darrell M. Smith is an American businessman , producer , and actor .
Giovanni Ermano Ligozzi ( 16th century ) was an Italian painter a native of Verona , flourished about 1570 .
Ian Hanmore is a Scottish actor known for his role as the warlock Pyat Pree in the second season of the HBO series Game of Thrones .
Ted de Corsia ( September 29 , 1903 -- April 11 , 1973 ) was an American radio , film , and television actor best remembered for his role as a gangster who turned state 's evidence in the film The Enforcer ( 1951 ) .
Anita Sleeman ( née Andrés ) ( December 12 , 1930 -- October 18 , 2011 ) was a Canadian contemporary classical music composer .
B. Jayant Baliga is an Indian electrical engineer best known for his work in power semiconductor devices , and particularly invention of the insulated gate bipolar transistor .
Alexander Ivanovich Yakovlev ( spelled Jakowlew , Jakowleff , Jakovlev in German and French ) , ( 1863 - -1909 ) was a Russian entomologist and painter .
Frederick Goddard Tuckerman ( February 4 , 1821 -- May 9 , 1873 ) was an American poet , remembered mostly for his sonnet series .
Robert Pine ( born July 10 , 1941 ) is an American actor who is best known as Sgt . Joseph Getraer on the hit NBC television series CHiPs ( 1977 - -83 ) .
Eliza Farnham ( November 17 , 1815 -- December 15 , 1864 ) was a 19th - century American novelist , feminist , abolitionist , and activist for prison reform .
Fred R. Kline ( born November 3 , 1939 , Hagerstown , MD ) is an art historian , writer , poet , sculptor , private art dealer and public gallerist since 1980 in Santa Fe , NM , and additionally in San Antonio , TX during a period in the 1980s .
Dr. Sara C. Bisel ( 1932 - -1996 ) was a physical anthropologist and classical archaeologist who played a prominent role in early scientific research at Herculaneum , a Mediterranean coastal town destroyed by the 79 AD eruption of Mount Vesuvius .
Oliviero Diliberto was born in a family of public servants ( his father Marco was employed as attorney in the Administration of the Region of Sardinia , his mother Lella was a teacher ) .
Doug Pettibone ( born in Los Angeles , California ) is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and studio musician .
Donald Allan Darling ( May 4 , 1915 -- June 24 , 2014 ) was an American statistician , known for the Anderson--
Jakub Wolny ( born May 15 , 1995 in Bielsko - Biała ) is a Polish ski jumper , a member of youth Polish ski jumping team .
Mills Watson ( born William Oscar Watson on July 10 , 1940 ) is an American actor who is probably best known for his role as Deputy Perkins , first on B.J. and the Bear and later on The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo .
Sylvia Tait ( born March 20 , 1932 ) is a Canadian abstract painter and print - maker .
Max Fleischer ( July 19 , 1883 -- September 11 , 1972 ) was an American animator , inventor , film director and producer .
Ariel Schrag ( born December 29 , 1979 ) is an American cartoonist and television writer who achieved critical recognition at an unusually early age for her autobiographical comics .
Portus Baxter ( December 4 , 1806 -- March 4 , 1868 ) was a nineteenth - century banker , farmer , and politician from Vermont .
Ruth Tester ( August 17 , 1903 -- March 21 , 1993 ) was a singer and dancer in Broadway musicals of the 1920s and 1930s .
Otto Redlich ( November 4 , 1896 - -August 14 , 1978 ) was an Austrian physical chemist and chemical engineer who is best known for his development of equations of state like Redlich - Kwong equation .
Mark Gee ( born May 19 , 1973 , in Newcastle upon Tyne , England ) , better known as Huck Gee , is a contemporary artist , illustrator , toy maker , and designer best known by toy enthusiasts for his iconic `` Skullhead '' character .
José María Vicente Esteban Rafael de Jesús , known as Rafael Calderón Muñoz ( October 24 , 1869 -- June 15 , 1943 ) was a Costa Rican politician and physician .
William Alexander Duer ( September 8 , 1780 -- May 30 , 1858 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and educator from New York City .
Mitchell A. Wilson ( July 17 , 1914 - February 25 , 1973 ) was an American novelist and physicist .
Phil Parmet , ( born March 7 , 1942 ) is a US - American cinematographer and producer .
John Stobbs was a 19th - century English songwriter and poet who lived in the Tyneside district .
Peter Bossman ( born 2 November 1955 ) is a Ghanaian - born Slovenian doctor and politician .
Max Surban ( born Maximo Surban , May 15 , 1939 ) is a Filipino singer in mainly in Cebuano language .
Chen Ming - tang ( Chinese : 陳明堂 ; pinyin : Chén Míngtáng ) is a politician in the Republic of China .
Tapping Reeve ( sometimes presented as Tappan Reeve ; October 1 , 1744 -- December 13 , 1823 ) was an American lawyer and law educator .
Paul Prudhomme ( July 13 , 1940 -- October 8 , 2015 ) , also known as Gene Autry Prudhomme , was an American celebrity chef whose specialties were Creole and Cajun cuisines ; he was credited with popularizing the cuisines , as well .
Yang Lan ( Chinese : 杨澜 ; pinyin : Yáng Lán ; born March 31 , 1968 ) is a Chinese media proprietor , journalist , and talk show hostess .
Peter Fallico is a Canadian designer and television personality , best known as a host of various programs on HGTV Canada .
Na Yoon - sun , also Youn Sun Nah ( Korean : 나윤선 ; born August 28 , 1969 ) is a South Korean jazz singer .
Marlene Cummins is an jazz blues singer , saxophonist , songwriter , artist , Aboriginal Australian activist , broadcaster , dancer , and actor .
William Symington ( 1764 - -1831 ) was a Scottish engineer and inventor , and the builder of the first practical steamboat , the Charlotte Dundas .
Mu Shuangshuang ( 穆爽爽 ; born July 7 , 1984 ) is a Chinese weightlifter from Shuangliao , Jilin .
Albert Bouchard ( born May 24 , 1947 ) is an American drummer , guitarist , singer and songwriter .
Apollinariya Yakubova ( died 1913 or 1917 ) was a Russian Marxist revolutionary and , with Vladimir Lenin , one of the founders of the League of Struggle for the Emancipation of the Working Class .
John F. Lappen ( February 6 , 1881 -- October 2 , 1945 ) was an American wire weaver and politician .
Fender Tucker has been a disk magazine editor and publisher , and a self - publisher of books .
Andrew Berry ( born 1963 ) is a British evolutionary biologist and historian of science with a particular interest in Alfred Wallace .
Jerry Umberger ( born January 21 , 1942 ) is a retired American darts player who competed from the 1970s through the 1990s .
Robert Kelker - Kelly ( born April 18 , 1964 ) is an American soap opera actor and pilot , best known for playing Bo Brady on NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives ( 1992 - -95 ) .
Ona Zee ( born March 3 , 1951 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , model and realtor .
Jim Lowe ( born May 7 , 1927 ) is an American singer - songwriter , best known for his 1956 number - one hit song , `` Green Door '' .
Marc H. Ellis ( born 1952 ) is an American author , liberation theologian , and a former University Professor of Jewish Studies , Professor of History and Director of the Center for Jewish Studies at Baylor University .
Ginger Strand is an American essayist , novelist , environmental writer , and historian .
Martin Wolf , CBE ( born 1946 ) is a British journalist who focuses on economics .
Eytan Fox ( Hebrew : איתן פוקס‎ ) ( born on August 21 , 1964 ) is an Israeli film director .
Jay Johnston ( born October 22 , 1968 ) is an American actor and comedian best known for his work as a writer and cast member on the HBO sketch comedy series Mr. Show and for playing the role of Officer Jay McPherson on The Sarah Silverman Program .
Vladimir Gligorov ( Serbian and Macedonian Cyrillic : Владимир Глигоров ) ( born 1945 ) is a prominent economist and was a founder of the Democratic Party in Serbia in December 1989 .
Samuel Hubbard Scudder ( April 13 , 1837 -- May 17 , 1911 ) was an American entomologist and palaeontologist .
Ross Yockey ( 1943 -- April 13 , 2008 ) was a writer , producer , author , and television journalist .
Steve Seck is a former competitive judoka for the United States .
Abraham the Laborious ( fl . 14th century ) was a monk of Kiev .
Shahin Shahbazi is an award - winning Iranian composer , musician and poet .
Roger Whelpdale ( died 1423 ) was an English priest and Bishop of Carlisle from 1419 until 1423 .
Philip Dansken Ross ( January 1 , 1858 -- July 5 , 1949 ) was a Canadian journalist , newspaper publisher , sportsman and ice hockey pioneer builder .
Leontios Machairas or Makhairas ( Greek : Λεόντιος Μαχαιράς , French : Léonce Machéras ) was a medieval Cypriot historian .
Andy Votel is a musician , DJ , record producer , graphic designer and co - founder of Twisted Nerve Records and the reissue label Finders Keepers Records .
Ron Reyes ( born July 24 , 1960 ) is a North American musician most noted as the second singer for the Los Angeles punk rock group Black Flag .
Scott Vlaun is an American photographer and a co - founder of Moose Pond Arts Ecology .
Christos Patsalides is a Cypriot Lawyer , politician and a former Minister of Health of the Republic of Cyprus .
Tom Wiggin ( born July 6 , 1955 ) is an American actor , writer and entrepreneur .
Christian Provenzano is a Canadian politician , who was elected mayor of Sault Ste . Marie , Ontario in the 2014 municipal election .
Amanda Adams ( born September 12 , 1976 ) is an American author and archaeologist .
Lucy Stone ( August 13 , 1818 -- October 19 , 1893 ) was a prominent American orator , abolitionist , and suffragist , and a vocal advocate and organizer promoting rights for women .
Leo Wood ( September 2 , 1882 - August 2 , 1929 ) was a songwriter and lyricist for popular songs in the United States .
Herbert Hirschman ( April 13 , 1914 - July 3 , 1985 ) was a television producer and director .
William Thetford ( April 25 , 1923 -- July 4 , 1988 ) was an American psychologist , medical psychologist and professor .
Natalya Ivanovna Galkina , simply known as Natalie Gal ( Russian : Наталья Ивановна Галкина ; born December 18 , 1985 ) is a Russian model and actress , who made her television debut as runner - up on the eighth series of America 's Next Top Model .
Paul Crooks is a former Formula One engineer .
Lucien Pierre Brouillard , better known as Lou Brouillard , ( May 23 , 1911 -- September 14 , 1984 ) , was a Canadian professional boxer who held the World Welterweight Title and a version of the World Middleweight Title .
Dan Meredith , also known as Dan Blah , is a Internet freedom supporter , journalist , technologist , and media activist .
Karen Bernod ( born May 13 , 1964 , Brooklyn , New York ) is an American - born R&B vocalist , songwriter and producer .
Kevin Keathley is a basketball coach and author who has spent eleven years coaching on both the college and professional levels of basketball .
Loren Eiseley ( September 3 , 1907 -- July 9 , 1977 ) was an American anthropologist , educator , philosopher , and natural science writer , who taught and published books from the 1950s through the 1970s .
Peter Elkas ( born July 24 , 1976 in Montreal , Quebec ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter , signed to MapleMusic Recordings .
Ramón Lorenzo Falcón ( August 30 , 1855 -- November 14 , 1909 ) was an Argentine Army officer , politician , and Chief of the Argentine Federal Police .
José António Falcão , Ph.D. , is a reputed Portuguese art historian , museum curator and educator .
John Fernandes is an American multi - instrumentalist musician .
Česlovas Laurinavičius ( born September 16 , 1952 , Klaipeda ) is a Lithuanian historian and politologist , a 2003 recipient of the Knight 's Cross of the Order for Merits to Lithuania .
Näqi İsänbät ( Tatar : Нәкый Исәнбәт ( næˈqi isænˈbæt ) ; Russian : Наки Исанбет , Naki Isanbet , also anglicised as Nakie Isanbet ) 1899 - 1992 ) was a Tatar writer , an encyclopaedist , a poet , a playwright , a prosaist , a children 's writer , a specialist in folklore and a philologist .
Anthony Ravard ( born September 28 , 1983 ) is a French former road bicycle racer , who competed as a professional between 2005 and 2013 .
Matt Bielby is a magazine editor based in the UK .
Edward Teller ( Hungarian : Teller Ede ; January 15 , 1908 -- September 9 , 2003 ) was a Hungarian - born American theoretical physicist who is known colloquially as `` the father of the hydrogen bomb '' , although he claimed he did not care for the title .
James Curnow is a music composer for concert bands , brass bands , vocal and instrumental solos and ensembles .
The Life and Work of Peter Rogers ( BBC ) by Morris Bright and Robert Ross ( author of The Carry On Companion and the Monty Python Encyclopedia ) was published in 2000 , with extensive input from Rogers .
John Bagot ( 21 March 1842 -- 18 June 1901 ) was a British Guianese cricketer who played a single first - class match for Demerara , an antecedent of the present Guyanese national side .
Marilyn B. Young ( born 1937 ) is an historian of American foreign relations and professor of history at New York University .
Trevor Boots Harris ( 1944/5 -- 2014 ) was a Jamaican entertainment journalist and broadcaster .
Flint Juventino Beppe ( born May 27 , 1973 ) , formerly known as Fred Jonny Berg , is a Germany resident , Norwegian - born composer , filmmaker , artist and producer .
Nadimuddin is a First Class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes shown on scoresheets by his nickname Mintu .
Claire Shipman is an American television journalist , currently the senior national correspondent for the ABC program , Good Morning America .
Anna Salter is an American psychologist and mystery novelist .
Charles Alfred Taliaferro ( August 29 , 1905 -- February 3 , 1969 ) , known simply as Al Taliaferro , was a Disney comics artist who used to produce Disney comic strips for King Features Syndicate .
David Benioff ( born David Friedman ; September 25 , 1970 ) is an American novelist , screenwriter and television producer .
Rudy Vaughn Brannon ( born August 28 , 1980 ) is an American musician , singer - songwriter , and recording artist .
Bernard J. Taylor is the writer and composer of twelve stage musicals and four stage plays .
Muriel Davisson is an American neuroscientist who developed the Down syndrome mouse model Ts65Dn .
C. J. Vanston is an American film composer , record producer , songwriter , and keyboardist , based in Hollywood , California .
William Spratling ( September 22 , 1900 -- August 7 , 1967 ) was an American - born silver designer and artist , best known for his influence on 20th century Mexican silver design .
Mikkel Parlo ( born May 3 , 1990 ) is a Danish mixed martial artist who competes in Bellator 's Middleweight division .
Emil Baensch ( June 12 , 1857 -- August 17 , 1939 ) was a Republican politician from Wisconsin of German ancestry .
Yolanda Soler ( born January 9 , 1972 ) is a Spanish judoka , Olympic champion .
Blair Worden is a historian , among the leading authorities on the period of the English Civil War and on relations between literature and history more generally in the early modern period .
Pauline Trigère ( 1912 - -2002 ) was a French - born American fashion designer , known for her crisp , tailored cuts and innovative ideas .
Karita Tykkä ( born Karita Tuomola , September 22 , 1976 in Kuopio ) is a Finnish television host , actress and model .
John T. Bambury ( July 10 , 1891 -- November 4 , 1960 ) was an American actor with dwarfism , best known for his role as one of the Munchkins in the 1939 film , The Wizard of Oz . He also had parts in nine other films between 1926 and 1951 .
Marnix Gijsen started his literary career as a poet within the expressionist group Ruimte ( Space ) their illustrated magazine .
Rodney Lucas , better known by his stage name F.Stokes ( pronounced `` F Dot Stokes '' ) , is an American rapper from South Side , Chicago , Illinois .
William Romaine Newbold ( November 20 , 1865-September 6 , 1926 ) was an American philosopher who held the Adam Seybert Professor of Intellectual and Moral Philosophy chair at the University of Pennsylvania from 1907 to 1926 .
Lito Cruz ( born May 14 , 1941 ) is a prominent Argentine stage director and motion picture actor .
Edwin Ray Guthrie ( /ˈɡʌθri/ ; Lincoln , Nebraska January 9 , 1886 -- Seattle , Washington April 23 , 1959 ) was a behavioral psychologist .
Raymond Geuss ( born 1946 ) , Emeritus Professor in the Faculty of Philosophy , University of Cambridge , is a political philosopher and scholar of 19th and 20th century European philosophy .
John Contreras is an American cellist , best known for his work with Current 93 and Baby Dee .
Professor Irun Cohen ( b. 1937 , Chicago , Illinois ) is an immunologist at the Weizmann Institute of Science , Israel .
Danny Lyon ( born March 16 , 1942 ) is an American photographer and filmmaker .
Dmitry Chaplin ( Дмитрий Александрович Чаплин Dmitry Alexandrovich Chaplin ) is a Russian dancer and Emmy nominated choreographer , best known for being a Top 10 finalist on the TV show So You Think You Can Dance ( Season 2 ) .
Yandé Codou Sène ( also Yande Codou Sene ) was a Senegalese singer from the Serer ethnic group .
Thomas Hedley Reynolds was the fifth president of Bates College in Lewiston , Maine and an American historian .
Sir Charles Waldstein , from 1918 Sir Charles Walston ( March 30 , 1856 -- March 21 , 1927 ) was an Anglo - American archaeologist .
Shai Cohen ( Hebrew : שי כהן‎ ; b.1968 , in Haifa ) is an Israeli music educator and composer .
Gwen Thiele is a former Australian international tennis player .
Drew White is an international lawyer from Canada best known for his role in the conviction of Colonel Theoneste Bagosora , who the media dubbed `` the mastermind '' of the 1994 Rwanda genocide and who White referred to in his closing trial submissions as one of the `` enemies of the human race '' .
Ramesh Ponnuru ( /rəˈmɛʃ pəˈnʊəruː/ ; born August 16 , 1974 ) is a Washington , D.C .- based American columnist and a senior editor for National Review magazine .
William McKendree Morgan ( December 2 , 1869 -- October 16 , 1942 ) , was a lawyer and politician in Idaho and served for two separate periods on the Idaho Supreme Court .
Mark Kadin ( Russian : Марк Львович Кадин ; born April 28 , 1965 ) is a Russian chief conductor and musical director of Ukrainian origin .
Robert W. Jordan ( born October 9 , 1945 ) is an American lawyer and diplomat .
Roberto Santos Pinhanez ( 1928 - -1987 ) was a Brazilian film director , known for films like Matraga ( A Hora e Vez de Augusto Matraga ) and The Great Moment ( O Grande Momento ) .
Ganpatrao Deshmukh ( born 10 August 1926 ) is an Indian politician and leader he Peasants and Workers Party of India ( PWP ) .
K. V. Ramakrishnan is a Malayalam -- language poet and journalist from Kerala state , South India .
Roger C. Kormendi ( July 24 , 1949 -- February 25 , 2009 ) was an American economist who conducted important research studies in several areas of macroeconomics and finance .
Eddie Dowling ( December 11 , 1889 -- February 18 , 1976 ) was an American actor , screenwriter , playwright , director , producer , songwriter and composer .
Jesoni Vitusagavulu is a Fijian businessman and diplomat , who was appointed as Fiji 's fifth Ambassador to the United States on 26 May 2005 , succeeding Anare Jale .
Toben Seymour is a music video and commercial director , and puppeteer based in Los Angeles , California .
Park So - jin ( hangul : 박소진 ; hanja : 朴素珍 ; born May 21 , 1986 ) , most often credited as Sojin , is a South Korean idol singer .
Donald Norton Yates ( November 25 , 1909 -- August 28 , 1993 ) was the US Army Air Force officer who helped select June 6 , 1944 as the date for D - Day , the Allied invasion of Europe , in his capacity as chief meteorologist on General Dwight D. Eisenhower 's staff .
Glenn Fleshler is an American theater , television and film actor .
Benjamin Apthorp Gould ( September 27 , 1824 -- November 26 , 1896 ) was a pioneering American astronomer .
Rudolf Horn ( born February 8 , 1954 ) is a former Austrian biathlete and cross - country skier .
Bronislava Nijinska ( Belarusian : Браніслава Ніжынская ; Polish : Bronisława Niżyńska ; Russian : Бронисла́ва Фоми́нична Нижи́нская , Bronislava Fominichna Nizhinskaya ) ( January 8 , 1891 ( O.S. December 27 , 1890 ) -- February 21 , 1972 ) was a Polish dancer , choreographer , and teacher .
Johnnie Lucille Collier ( April 12 , 1923 -- January 22 , 2004 ) , known professionally as Ann Miller , was an American dancer , singer and actress .
Joshua Ferraro is an American entrepreneur and computer scientist .
Georges - Albini Lacombe ( January 13 , 1864 -- May 17 , 1941 ) was a Canadian physician , lawyer , and politician .
Francesco DeMaria ( October 17 , 1928 Vieste , Italy ) is an Italian - American chemist .
Judy Shalom Nir - Mozes ( Hebrew : ג'ודי שלום ניר מוזס‎ ; born 14 August 1958 ) is an Israeli socialite , investor and talk show host .
Arlette Langmann ( April 3 , 1946 ) is a French screenwriter , film editor and production designer .
Peiraikos , or Piraeicus , was an Ancient Greek painter of uncertain date and location .
Siegfried Olesch is a German lightweight boxer who won the bronze medal at the 1963 European Amateur Boxing Championships .
Sam Franklyn Gibson commonly known as Bode Gibson ( born October 15 , 1952 ) is a Sierra Leonean politician and the current mayor of Freetown .
Tor - Arne Moen ( born 13 May 1966 ) is a Norwegian painter and author .
Bongani Ndodana - Breen is a South African - born composer , musician and cultural activist .
Aries Spears ( born April 3 , 1975 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , voice artist , and comedian .
Kikka Hanazawa ( born October 26 , 1970 ) is a Japanese investor and fashion industry executive .
John Van Antwerp MacMurray ( 1881 - -1960 ) was an American attorney , author and diplomat best known as one of the leading China experts in the U.S. government .
James Russell Lowell ( /ˈloʊəl/ ; February 22 , 1819 -- August 12 , 1891 ) was an American Romantic poet , critic , editor , and diplomat .
Jessie McTavish is a Scottish former nurse who was convicted in 1974 of murdering a patient with insulin .
Vinc Pichel is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Décio Pignatari ( August 20 , 1927 -- December 2 , 2012 ) was a Brazilian poet , essayist and translator .
Adalberto Santiago is an internationally known Salsa singer .
Tobias Dantzig ( February 19 , 1884 -- August 9 , 1956 ) was a mathematician of Baltic German and Russian American heritage , the father of George Dantzig , and the author of Number :
Kim Ho - jin ( born May 5 , 1970 ) is a South Korean actor and food show host .
Wendy Bucklew is an American rock singer / songwriter who became well known as part of the Atlanta folk rock scene , which she joined in 1988 .
Maaza Mengiste is an Ethiopian - American writer .
David H. Levy ( born May 22 , 1948 ) is a Canadian astronomer and science writer who co - discovered Comet Shoemaker--
Miina Härma ( February 9 , 1864 -- November 16 , 1941 ) was a widely recognised Estonian composer .
Paul E. Toms ( May 26 , 1924 - February 7 , 2015 ) was an American author and pastor .
Peter Achinstein ( born June 30 , 1935 ) is an American philosopher of science .
William Ragsdale ( January 19 , 1961 ) is an American film and television actor best known for playing teen vampire slayer hero Charley Brewster in the horror vampire classic , Fright Night ( 1985 ) , and as Herman Brooks on Herman 's Head from 1991 - 94 .
Thanawat Thirapongpaiboon ( Thai : ธนวัฒน์ ถิรพงศ์ไพบูลย์ Ṭhnwạtʹhn̒ T̄hirphngṣ̄̒phịbūly̒ ; born December 14 , 1993 ) is a Thai professional snooker player .
Dillard Pruitt ( born September 24 , 1961 ) is an American amateur golfer , who formerly played professionally on the PGA Tour .
Iain McGilchrist is a psychiatrist , doctor , writer , and former Oxford literary scholar .
Ariann Black ( also spelled Arian Black earlier in her career ) is a professional magician who is based in Las Vegas , Nevada , USA .
Carmelo Torres says of this : `` - Granero was killed by ' ' little shame `` and I have very little shame to be a writer .
Jarvis Hunt ( August 6 , 1863 - June 15 , 1941 ) was a renowned Chicago architect who designed a wide array of buildings , including train stations , suburban estates , industrial buildings , clubhouses and other structures .
Jon Knox is an American session drummer who has been a member of the bands White Heart and Adam Again and is currently the drummer for Future User .
Joseph Moloney returned to south - west London but did not have time to enjoy his status as a celebrated explorer : he died at the age of 38 , and is buried in Kingston Cemetery in Kingston upon Thames .
Safi Saïd ( Tunisian Arabic : الصافي سعيد‎ ) ( born 22 September 1953 ) is a Tunisian journalist and writer .
Tayseer Allouni ( Arabic : تيسير علوني‎ ; also : Taysir , Tayseer , Alluni , Aluni , Alony ) is a journalist from the Al Jazeera news channel .
Andrew Matthews - Owen is a Welsh pianist and accompanist .
Deepa Sahi is an Indian actress and producer who is best known for her role as Maya in the 1992 movie Maya Memsaab opposite actor Shah Rukh Khan .
Hannah Franklin ( born Hannah Faier ; 1937 near Lublin , Poland ) is a Canadian sculptor and painter .
Alfred Hulse Brooks ( July 18 , 1871 -- November 22 , 1924 ) was an American geologist and served as chief geologist for Alaska for the United States Geological Survey from 1903 to 1924 .
Thomas Hakluyt ( fl . 1559 ) , was an English politician .
Giuseppe Anatrelli ( January 3 , 1925 - November 29 , 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .
Conrad K. Harper is a New York City lawyer , a retired partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP , a former president of the New York City Bar Association , and an emeritus member of the Council of the American Law Institute .
Jason Frederick ( born November 29 , 1970 ) is a Canadian multi - instrumentalist and composer of music for films and television .
Dr. Dorothy Rowe ( born December 1930 ) is an Australian psychologist and author , whose area of interest is depression .
Geminus of Rhodes ( Greek : Γεμῖνος ὁ Ῥόδιος ) , was a Greek astronomer and mathematician , who flourished in the 1st century BC . An astronomy work of his , the Introduction to the Phenomena , still survives ; it was intended as an introductory astronomy book for students .
Mike Cochrane is a musician and an actor .
Louise Rosskam ( born Louise Rosenbaum ) ( March 27 , 1910 -- April 1 , 2003 ) was a photographer for the Farm Security Administration ( FSA ) and the Standard Oil Company during the mid-20th century .
Harald Punt ( born 18 February 1952 ) is a retired Dutch rower who won three silver medals at the World Lightweight Rowing Championships in 1974 , 1978 and 1979 in the single and double sculls ( with Roel Michels ) .
Louie Ocampo is a Filipino composer and arranger best known for his association with Martin Nievera .
Sheree - Lee Olson ( born December 11 , 1954 ) is a Canadian novelist , poet and journalist .
Tohir Sodiqov ( sometimes spelled Tokhir Sodikov in English ) ( Uzbek : Tohir Sodiqov , Тоҳир Содиқов ; Russian : Тахир Садыков ) ( born July 1 , 1973 ) is an Uzbek singer , songwriter , composer , and actor .
Siculus Flaccus ( date uncertain ) was an ancient Roman gromaticus ( land surveyor ) , and writer in Latin on land surveying .
Tamara Faith Berger is a Canadian author and novelist .
Jesús Monge Ramírez ( November 9 , 1910 - August 9 , 1964 ) , better known as Chucho Monge , was a Mexican composer best known for writing traditional songs .
Anne Manne is an Australian journalist and social philosopher .
Will Potter is an American independent journalist and public speaker , based in Washington , D.C. He has written for several publications , including the Chicago Tribune , The Dallas Morning News , and Legal Affairs .
Carlos Coy ( born October 5 , 1970 ) , better known by his stage name South Park Mexican , is an American rapper , founder of Dope House Records , and convicted felon .
Sonia Pacheco Irigoyen is a Puerto Rican born in Ponce , PR and resident of San Juan , PR is a politician affiliated with the Popular Democratic Party ( PPD ) .
Lélia Gonzalez ( February 1 , 1935 - July 10 , 1994 ) was a Brazilian intellectual , politician , professor and anthropologist .
Kipkemboi Kimeli ( November 30 , 1966 -- February 6 , 2010 ) was a Kenyan long - distance runner who won the bronze medal in the 10,000 metres at the 1988 Seoul Olympics .
Khedinji Kanthappa Hegde , better known as K. K. Hegde , was an Indian politician from the Indian National Congress who the Minister of Health in the Government of Karnataka ( then known as Mysore State ) .
Ethan Zuckerman ( born 1973 ) is an American media scholar , blogger , and Internet activist .
Moisés Kaufman ( born November 21 , 1963 ) is a playwright , director and founder of Tectonic Theater Project .
Paddy Johnson is a New York - based art critic , blogger , curator and writer .
Rod Petty ( nicknamed `` Pothole '' , `` egg '' , `` egg head '' or `` egg egg egg egg egg '' ) is a former Australian professional rugby union player .
Sheri Martinelli , ( January 17 , 1918 -- November 3 , 1996 ) was an American painter , poet , and muse .
Gary Sanctuary is a British pianist , keyboard player , composer and in - demand session musician .
George Poffenbarger ( born November 24 , 1861 , Mason County , West Virginia ; died March 20 , 1951 ) was a lawyer and long - time justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals .
Avni Zogiani ( born 5 July 1970 in Pristina , Kosovo ) is an Albanian activist , critic , lawyer , journalist and chairman of the civil society Çohu .
Konganige Joseph Malsi Jackson Anthony commonly known as Jackson Anthony ( ජැක්සන් ඇන්තනී ) is an actor in Sri Lankan cinema .
Ronnie Penque is a bassist , singer and songwriter who has been working in the music industry for over 30 years .
Harold Exton is a mathematician at University of Central Lancashire ( called Preston Polytechnic while he was there ) working on hypergeometric functions , who introduced the Hahn--
Jeffrey Stepakoff is an American television writer , producer , and author .
Mayra Goñi ( better known as Mayra ) is a Peruvian actress and singer .
Jacob Kornerup ( 1825 - -1913 ) was a Danish archeoloigist and painter who is remembered above all for discovering and restoring medieval frescos in Danish churches .
Matt McJunkins is an American musician best known for touring and recording with the American rock band A Perfect Circle .
Sarita Michelle is an American actress and model .
George Hertzberg ( born November 6 , 1972 ) is an American actor best known for his portrayal of the cyber - demonic soldier Adam in the fourth season of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer .
As demonstrated by the collection of critical essays , Rediscovering Vardis Fisher ( 2000 ) , the author still draws praise as well as criticism for his work .
Kate Fox is a social anthropologist , co - director of the Social Issues Research Centre ( SIRC ) and a Fellow of the Institute for Cultural Research .
Barry Altschul ( born January 6 , 1943 , New York City ) is a free jazz and hard bop drummer who gained fame in the late 1960s with the pianists Paul Bley and Chick Corea .
Carter Cruise ( born April 24 , 1991 ) is the stage name of an American pornographic actress , DJ , and model .
Louise Pleming ( born 22 June 1967 ) is a former professional tennis player who participated in both the International Tennis Federation and the Women 's Tennis Association .
Bradford Morrow ( born April 8 , 1951 ) is an American novelist , editor , essayist , poet , and children 's book writer .
Tom Hillmann is an award - winning American film and television actor best known for his role in The Outsiders .
P. Frank Winkler is an astronomer and noted subject matter expert on supernova .
Franz Schuler ( born October 3 , 1962 ) is a former Austrian biathlete and police officer , who competed as a member of the Polizeisportverein ( police sports club ) Innsbruck .
Douglas C. Schmidt ( born July 18 , 1962 ) is a computer scientist and author in the fields of object - oriented programming , distributed computing and design patterns .
Blake Richards ( born November 8 , 1974 in Olds , Alberta ) is a Canadian politician , who was re - elected for a third term in the riding of Banff--
Ashok Rajagopalan ( also known under the blogging pseudonym Kenny Wordsmith ) is an Indian writer and artist for over 500 children 's books .
Felicity McCall is an Irish journalist , writer and broadcaster whose 21 published works include novels , non - fiction , plays , a graphic novel and anthologies .
Abel Green ( June 3 , 1900 - May 10 , 1973 ) was an American journalist best known as the editor of Variety for forty years .
Shankar Tucker is an American clarinetist and music composer .
Julia Childs ( born 1962 in St. Albans ) is a British playwright who has won first and second place awards internationally .
Sam Hanson ( born August 26 , 1939 ) is an American lawyer and judge from the state of Minnesota .
Shourya Nidhi ( Hindi : शौर्य निधि ) is an award winning writer , actor and director , popularly known as Sho .
Lorna Marshall ( September 14 , 1898 -- July 8 , 2002 ) , born Lorna Jean McLean , was an anthropologist who in the 1950s , 60s and 70s lived among and wrote about the previously unstudied !
Garry Foulds ( born 13 May 1956 ) is a former Australian rules footballer who played 300 games for the Essendon Football Club between 1974 and 1989 .
Jeff Osterhage ( born March 12 , 1953 ) is an American film and television actor from Columbus , Indiana .
From the time she was in Middle School , Nadia Sharmeen wanted to become a journalist .
Edward Rafeedie ( January 6 , 1929 -- March 25 , 2008 ) was a judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California .
Alexei Manziola ( born March 29 , 1980 , in St. Petersburg , Russia ) is a former Israeli swimmer , currently residing in Russia .
Serge Houde ( born 1953 ) is a Canadian film and television character actor .
Walter F. Meserve ( June 13 , 1921 -- October 1 , 1984 ) was a Massachusetts politician who served as the acting Mayor of Lynn , Massachusetts .
Artie Shaw ( born Arthur Jacob Arshawsky ; May 23 , 1910 -- December 30 , 2004 ) was an American clarinetist , composer , bandleader , and actor .
Katharina Sieverding ( born 1944 ) is a photographer known for her self - portraiture .
Murray Olderman ( born March 27 , 1922 in Spring Valley , New York ) is an American sports cartoonist and writer .
James Signorelli is an American director and cinematographer , best known for his work on the TV show Saturday Night Live .
Joseph Anthony ( May 24 , 1912 -- January 20 , 1993 ) was an American playwright , actor , and director .
Živorad Smiljanić ( born 6 February 1942 , in Zaječar ) is a Serbian politician , member of the Socialist Party of Serbia .
Heather Buchman is an American conductor and trombonist , and an assistant professor of music at Hamilton College and conductor of both the Hamilton College orchestra and brass ensemble .
Julian C. Josey , Jr. is a radiation oncologist at the Gibbs Cancer Center & Research Institute in Spartanburg , South Carolina .
Birbal Jha ( born 22 October 1972 ) , is an Indian author and entrepreneur .
Alessandro del Torso ( born 1883 , date of death unknown ) was an Italian skeleton racer who competed in the late 1920s .
Edward L. Beck , C.P. is a Roman Catholic priest and member of the Passionist congregation .
Marion Holland ( July 17 , 1908 -- April 6 , 1989 ) was an American children 's book writer and illustrator from Washington , DC . Holland 's best - known books were A Big Ball of String ;
Christopher Ball ( born 7 July 1936 ) is a British composer , conductor and clarinettist Ball was born in Leeds , England in 1936 and is a British composer , conductor , clarinettist and recorder soloist .
Mary Ann Acevedo Rivera ( Spanish pronunciation : ( ˈmeɾi ˈan aseˈβeðo ) ) ; ( born June 23 , 1987 ) , better known as `` Mary Ann '' , is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter .
Frank Angell ( 1857 - -1939 ) was an early American psychologist and the former athletic director at Stanford University .
Nic Endo ( born January 7 , 1976 ) is a Japanese - German - American noise musician who plays with the German digital hardcore group Atari Teenage Riot .
Joe Boyd Vigil is an audio engineer , sound designer and composer of electronic music .
Péter Érdi is a Hungarian born computational neuroscientist who now lives in Michigan , USA where he is a Henry R. Luce Professor at Kalamazoo College .
Mcenroe ( stylized mcenroe ) , also known as Rod Bailey , is a Canadian hip hop musician , and entrepreneur .
Stevie Boi is an American fashion designer and founder of the luxury eyewear line SB Shades .
Sharon Rotbard ( Hebrew שרון רוטברד ) ( born October 2 , 1959 ) , is an Israeli architect , publisher and author , senior lecturer at the Architecture department in the Bezalel Academy , Jerusalem .
Charles Sears ( dates unknown ) was an English cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1750s and 1760s .
David Alter ( December 3 , 1807 -- September 18 , 1881 ) was a prominent American inventor and scientist of the 19th century .
Aftab Baloch ( Urdu : آفتاب بلوچ‎ ) ( born April 1 , 1953 , Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in two Tests from 1969 to 1975 .
Ralph Rainger ( October 7 , 1901 -- October 23 , 1942 ) was an American composer of popular music principally for films .
Jeremy Marre is a television director , writer and producer who founded Harcourt Films and has worked extensively around the world .
Jamie Eason ( born April 10 , 1976 ) is an American fitness model and writer .
Imtiaz Gilani worked with Barnett and Herenchak , Inc. Consulting Engineers , Broad Street , New Jersey , USA as a Design Engineer on civil engineering projects and then as a site engineer from 1972 till 1973 .
Amelia Vega Polanco ( born November 7 , 1984 in Santo Domingo , Dominican Republic ) is a Dominican actress , singer , model , charity worker and beauty queen .
Thomas Satterwhite Noble ( May 29 , 1835 - April 27 , 1907 ) was an American painter and teacher .
Gediminas Valiuškis ( Gediminas Stanislovo Valiuškis ) ( born January 24 , 1927 , Kaunas , Lithuania ) was a Lithuanian architect , with expertise in design of residential buildings .
Jack Nevin is a lawyer , Washington State District Court Judge in Pierce County , Washington , and a visiting professor at Seattle University 's School of Law .
Luis Felipe Bravo Mena ( b. September 28 , 1952 in León , Guanajuato ) is a Mexican politician .
Michael Poliza ( born January 1 , 1958 ) is a German photographer and entrepreneur specializing in wildlife and nature photography .
Vsevolod Vladimirov ( Russian : Все́волод Влади́миров ) was an author and historian who wrote about Finland 's Revolution in the early 20th century , during the Russian Revolution of 1905 .
Michael Loam ( 1797 - -1871 ) was a Cornish engineer who introduced the first man engine ( a device to carry men up and down the shaft of a mine ) into the UK .
Daniel Omara Atubo is a Ugandan lawyer , educator and politician .
Laura Hubert is a Canadian rock and jazz singer .
Timm Peddie is a retired professional track and road bicycle racer from the USA .
John W. Aldridge ( September 26 , 1922 -- February 7 , 2007 ) was an American writer , literary critic , teacher and scholar .
Carlos Manuel Acuña is a journalist who wrote for La Nación , starting in 1960 .
Fred Lange - Nielsen ( September 28 , 1919 -- December 28 , 1989 ) was a Norwegian doctor and jazz musician ( bass , vocals ) , known in the early Oslo environments , and from several recordings .
Terre Thaemlitz is a musician , public speaker , and owner of the Comatonse Recordings record label .
Nina Keogh is a Canadian puppet builder and puppeteer from Toronto .
Floyd Tillman ( December 8 , 1914 -- August 22 , 2003 ) was an American country musician who , in the 1930s and 1940s , helped create the Western swing and honky tonk genres .
Becky Yee ( /ˈliːbəvɪts/ ; born July 4 , 1969 ) is an American portrait photographer .
Amin Jensen ( born in 1970 ) is a Danish actor and comedian best known as television host for the popular Danish musical game show , Hit Med Sangen .
Gauri Jog is a Kathak dancer , Choreographer and research scholar from Chicago .
Royce Burke - Flynn is an Irish rugby union player for Leinster Rugby . His preferred position is tighthead prop .
Mahavir Shah was a noted television and stage actor who worked in Hindi and Gujarati movies .
Maurice Devereaux is a Canadian film director , writer and film producer through his production company , Maurice Devereaux Productions .
Ricky Ian Gordon ( born May 15 , 1956 ) is an American composer of art song , opera and musical theatre .
Kristin Mann ( born September 12 , 1946 ) is an American historian and author renowned for her works on the history of slavery in Africa .
Doris Mable Cochran ( May 18 , 1898 -- May 22 , 1968 ) was an American herpetologist and custodian of the American Natural Collection at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C. for many years .
Douglas Scott Falconer FRS FRSE ( March 10 , 1913 , Oldmeldrum , Aberdeenshire -- February 23 , 2004 , Edinburgh ) was a British geneticist known for his work in quantitative genetics .
Scott Beach ( January 13 , 1931 -- February 13 , 1996 ) was an American actor , writer , and disc jockey , best known for his performance in the 1950s - themed 1973 film American Graffiti .
Rolla Wells ( June 1 , 1856 -- November 30 , 1944 ) , also called `` Rollo '' , was an American politician .
Shane Howell ( born November 28 , 1983 ) , is an American mixed martial artist who most recently competed in the flyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Subrat Dutta is an Indian actor who appears in Bollywood , Tollywood films .
Gianluigi Galli ( born January 13 , 1973 ) , better known as Gigi Galli , is an Italian rally driver , best known for his spectacular driving style .
Josh Todd ( born Joshua Todd Gruber ) is an American musician and actor , best known as the lead singer of the rock band Buckcherry .
Bonnie Lee ( June 11 , 1931 -- September 7 , 2006 ) was an American Chicago blues singer .
Aleksander Uurits ( May 12 , 1888 -- August 10 , 1918 ) was an Estonian painter and graphic artist .
Ernesto Martens Rebolledo ( Tilapan , Veracruz , January 28 , 1933 ) is a Mexican chemical engineer , who has occupied several high - profile business positions and was Secretary of Energy during Vicente Fox 's government .
Andrea Koppel ( born November 27 , 1963 ) is an American communications strategist , and a former TV journalist .
Isaac ben Merwan ha - Levi ( flourished in the first third of the 12th century ) was a Provençal rabbi and Talmudist ; he was the elder son of Merwan of Narbonne .
Dragutin Gavrilović ( 19 July 1882 -- 25 May 1945 ) was a notable Serbian and , later , Yugoslav military officer .
Verity Stob is the pseudonym of a British satirical columnist .
Onyeka Onwenu ( born 17 May 1952 ) is a Nigerian singer , songwriter , actress , journalist , politician , and X Factor series judge .
Benny Dembitzer is a British economist who has specialized in the economics of developing countries , particularly on the continent of Africa .
Sophie Barthes ( born 1974 ) is a French - American film director and screenwriter best known for her 2009 film Cold Souls .
Brian Battease ( born September 11 , 1983 in Japan ) is a professional boxer .
C. Malcolm Watkins ( 1911 - -2001 ) was an American historian , archaeologist , and curator .
Lew Irwin has been a Los Angeles - based journalist for more than 50 years .
Javier Molina is an American professional boxer in the junior welterweight division .
David Beck ( or Beek ; May 25 , 1621 -- December 20 , 1656 ) , was a Dutch Golden Age portrait painter .
Travis Kyle Davis ( born August , 1987 ) also credited as Travis Davis , is an American actor .
Haviv Rettig Gur ( Hebrew : חביב רטיג גור‎ ) is an Israeli journalist who serves as the political correspondent and analyst for The Times of Israel .
Louise Littlewood is an Australian politician and was a member of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly representing the multi - member electorate of Brindabella for the Liberal Party .
Chris Kobin is a screenwriter and film producer living in Los Angeles , California .
Robert S. Stevens ( March 27 , 1824 -- February 23 , 1893 ) was an American politician , bank president , railroad executive , lawyer , Kansas State Senator and U.S. Representative from New York .
Ippolito Ciera ( fl . 1546 - -1561 ) was an Italian composer of the Renaissance , active at Treviso and Venice .
Rachel Caine is a pen name of Roxanne Longstreet Conrad , an American writer of science fiction , fantasy , mystery , suspense , and horror novels .
Adham Medhat ( Arabic : ادهم مدحت‎ ; born May 30 , 1975 in Cairo ) is an Egyptian sport shooter .
Sabita Singh is an Indian - American lawyer and Judge of the District Circuit Court in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
William Hawley Bowlus ( May 8 , 1896 - August 27 , 1967 ) was a designer , engineer and builder of aircraft ( especially gliders ) and recreational vehicles in the 1930s and ' 40s .
Reshmi Menon got engaged with actor Bobby Simha on 8 November 2015 .
Harry Babbitt ( November 2 , 1913 -- April 9 , 2004 ) was an American singer and star during the Big Band era .
Melvin B. Clifford was a politician who served as Mayor of Brockton , Massachusetts from 1950 to 1951 .
Marykate O'Neil ( born in Hudson , Massachusetts ) is an American indiepop singer - songwriter , currently based in New York City .
Alfred Carlton Gilbert ( February 15 , 1884 -- January 24 , 1961 ) was an American inventor , athlete , toy - maker and businessman .
Hugh Elliot ( 1752 - -1830 ) was a British diplomat and then a colonial governor .
Eric Mercury is a Canadian singer , songwriter , and musician .
Tammar Luxoro ( February 11 , 1825 -- November 25 , 1899 ) was an Italian painter , mainly painting landscapes on site .
José de Matos - Cruz ( born 9 February 1947 ) is a Portuguese writer , journalist , editor , high - school teacher , investigator , encyclopedist .
Called the `` High Profile Cop '' of the Delhi Police , Maxwell Pereira 's thirty - five year career as a police officer has been highlighted with laurels .
Emil Dimitriev ( Macedonian : Емил Димитриев , born 19 March 1979 ) is a Macedonian conservative politician , sociologist , and general secretary of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization - Democratic Party for Macedonian National Unity .
Jaquelin James Daniel ( 1916 -- August 7 , 1990 ) , known professionally as J. J. Daniel , was an American lawyer , businessman , civic leader and newspaper publisher .
Shawn Porter ( born October 27 , 1987 ) is an American professional boxer and former IBF welterweight champion .
Ehud Asherie ( born 1979 ) is a jazz pianist and organist .
Keith Stattenfield is a senior Apple Computer software engineer .
Jessica Lu ( April 18 , 1985 ) is an American actress , model , and spokesperson .
Richard Catlyn ( by 1520 - 56 ) , of Norwich and Honingham , Norfolk and Serjeants ' Inn , London , was an English politician .
Andrew Salter received a BA from NYU , and was `` grand - fathered in '' as a practicing ( Manhattan at 1000 Park Avenue at East 84th Street ) psychologist with only a BA .
Lucille Carra ( born New York City ) is an American documentary film director , producer , and writer .
Rana Mazumder is an Indian singer who sings for Bollywood and Tollywood films .
Ali Mojuz or Mirza Ali Mojuz Shabestarti ( Persian : معجز شبستری-‎‎ , Azerbaijani : Mirzə Əli Möcüz-میرزا علی معجز ) was an Iranian Azerbaijani poet .
Steven Amsterdam ( born in New York City on January 31 , 1966 ) is an American writer .
Kenneth Utt ( July 13 , 1921 -- January 19 , 1994 ) , was an American film producer and unit production manager , notable for producing The Silence of the Lambs , for which he won an Oscar for Best Picture .
Yifat Kariv ( Hebrew : יפעת קריב‎ , born 27 November 1973 ) is an Israeli politician and social worker .
Lasse Heje Pedersen ( born October 3 , 1972 ) is a Danish financial economist known for his research on liquidity risk and asset pricing .
Ray Materick ( b. Brantford , Ontario ) is a Canadian singer - songwriter , particularly popular in the 1970s , who continues to perform .
Magnus Samuelsson ( born on December 21 , 1969 ) , is a Swedish actor , former strongman and winner of the 1998 World 's Strongest Man contest in Morocco .
Ian Jeffrey is an English writer and art historian .
Ron Olsen is a veteran cross - platform journalist based in Harford County , Maryland , United States .
Yeo Ui - son was a Korean civil minister ( munsin ) and diplomat from the Hamyang Yeo clan during the early period of the Joseon Dynasty .
Philip Morrow ( b. May 23 , 1962 ) is a Northern Irish television producer .
Jung Ji - woo ( also spelled as Chung Ji - woo ; born May 7 , 1968 ) is a South Korean film director .
Zoe Lister - Jones ( born September 1 , 1982 ) is an American actress , singer , playwright , and screenwriter who currently co - stars in the CBS sitcom Life in Pieces .
D. G. Albert de Silva ( commonly known as Albert Silva ) was a Sri Lankan politician .
Harlan Cleveland ( January 19 , 1918 -- May 30 , 2008 ) was an American diplomat , educator , and author .
Fritz Dreisbach is an American studio glass artist and teacher who is recognized as one of the pioneers of the American Studio Glass Movement .
Jody Harris is an American guitarist , singer , songwriter and composer who was born in Kansas and became a central figure in the seminal No Wave scene in New York City in the 1970s .
Laith Al - Juneidi ( Arabic : ليث الجنيدي , born December 9 , 1978 in Hebron , Palestine ) , is a Palestinian film director and producer .
Vanusa ( Portuguese pronunciation : ( vaˈnuzɐ ) ) is a Brazilian singer , linked to the Jovem Guarda movement .
Jean Williams is a British sports historian and author specialising in Women 's history ; sport and literature ; sportswear and motorsport .
Augustus William Smith ( May 12 , 1802 -- March 26 , 1866 ) was an educator , astronomer and mathematician in the mid-19th century .
Juan Meza ( born March 18 , 1956 ) , also known for his nickname Kid Meza , is a former boxer who was world Super Bantamweight champion .
Steve Bowman ( born January 14 , 1967 ) is an American rock drummer and songwriter .
Pasi Kytösaho is a Finnish former ski jumper .
Kate Breakey is a visual artist known for her large - scale , richly hand - colored photographs .
Matt Dennis ( February 11 , 1914 -- June 21 , 2002 ) was an American singer , pianist , band leader , arranger , and writer of music for popular music songs .
Alwin Max Pappenheimer , Jr. ( November 25 , 1908 -- March 21 , 1995 ) was an American a biochemist and immunologist .
David Tutera is an American celebrity wedding planner , bridal fashion designer , designer , author and professional speaker .
L. C. Hayden is an American mystery novelist whose 2006 novel Why Casey Had to Die was a finalist for the Agatha Award for Best Novel .
Cecco d'Ascoli ( 1257 -- September 26 , 1327 ) is the popular name of Francesco degli Stabili ( sometimes given as Francesco degli Stabili Cichus ) , a famous Italian encyclopaedist , physician and poet .
Doctor Ishaq Jamkhanawala ( born January 4 , 1930 ) was an educationist , social worker and politician based in Mumbai .
Charles Alwis Hewavitharana , FRCS , LRCP was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lankan ) physician who played a significant role in Sri Lanka 's Sri Lankan independence movement .
Nicholas Hondrogen ( January 5 , 1952 -- February 28 , 2007 ) was an American painter , photographer , sculptor , and filmmaker .
Louis Pounders is an American architect in Memphis , Tennessee .
Enrico Beruschi ( born 5 September 1941 ) is an Italian comedian , actor , singer and television personality .
After a short hiatus Renee Props returned to work as an actor and producer .
Prakash Sayami ( born 21 March 1965 ) is a Nepali film director , writer and producer .
Émile - Henri Brunner - Lacoste , a painter of fruit , flowers , and game , and of landscape , genre , and decorative subjects , exhibited frequently at the Paris Salon .
Mike Hollingshead is an American professional storm chaser , photographer and videographer from Blair , Nebraska .
Ann Colloton is a former competitive swimmer .
Elizabeth Searle is an American novelist , short story writer and playwright .
Keira Hewatch , ( KEE - ruh , HE - watch born November 8 , 1985 ) is a Nigerian actress , singer , songwriter and writer , best known for her role as `` Keche '' in the movie ;
Barry Tebb is an English poet , publisher and author .
David Esrig ( born September 23 , 1935 in Haifa ) is a Romanian theater director .
Vili Resnik ( born November 27 , 1963 ) is a Slovenian rock singer and guitarist .
Raoiriú ( also Raoiliú , Raoilinn ) was an early Irish missionary , c. 500 AD .
Robert Epstein ( born June 19 , 1953 ) is an American psychologist , professor , author , and journalist .
Keegan DeWitt ( born April 8 , 1982 ) is an American film composer , singer - songwriter and actor raised in Oregon now residing in Brooklyn and Nashville .
Bree Kristel Clarke is an Australian - born music / celebrity portrait photographer who has starred in VH1 and MTV reality shows .
Marshall Green ( 1916 - -1998 ) was a United States diplomat whose career focused on East Asia .
Urie Bronfenbrenner ( April 29 , 1917 -- September 25 , 2005 ) was a Russian - born American developmental psychologist who is most known for his ecological systems theory of child development .
Armand Guillaumin ( French : ( ɡijomɛ̃ ) ; February 16 , 1841 -- June 26 , 1927 ) was a French impressionist painter and lithographer .
Clèmerson Merlin Clève ( born November 21 , 1958 ) is a Brazilian jurist , Law school professor , and lawyer .
Candy Johnson ( February 8 , 1944 -- October 21 , 2012 ) was an American singer and dancer who appeared in several films in the 1960s .
Gianni Capaldi is a Scottish film and television actor as well as a film and television producer .
Danielle McLean , better known by her stage name Lega - C , is a rapper , singer , songwriter , and record producer from Tulsa , Oklahoma .
Rich Costey is an American record producer , mixer and engineer , whose credits include Sigur Rós , Frank Turner , Muse , Foster the People , Swirlies and Santigold .
Mohamed Abdi Mohamed ( Gandhi ) ( Somali : Maxamed Cabdi Maxamed , Arabic : محمد عبدي محمد‎ ) is a Somali geologist , anthropologist , historian and politician .
After many years as an actor , Kavinsky 's musical career started in 2005 after being inspired by his close friends Jackson Fourgeaud and Quentin Dupieux , the latter director also included Kavinsky 's music in his film Steak .
Lisa Butler is a prominent make - up artist in the fashion industry .
Philip Kay is a contemporary composer and producer .
Francesc Santacruz i Artigas was a Catalan sculptor of Baroque works .
Henry R. Start ( December 28 , 1845 -- November 7 , 1905 ) was a Vermont lawyer , judge , and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives and a Judge of the Vermont Supreme Court .
Carol Semple ( born October 27 , 1948 ) is an American golfer who participated only on the amateur circuit , and never turned pro . Semple was born in Sewickley , Pennsylvania .
Carolina Amor de Fournier ( 1908 - -1993 ) was a Mexican editor , writer and translator .
Lyle Lahey ( August 23 , 1931 -- February 8 , 2013 ) was an American political cartoonist , journalist and the author of the book The Packer Chronicles ( News - Chronicle , 1997 ) Lahey was born in Abrams , Wisconsin .
Henryk Kowalski ( July 2 , 1911 - January 24 , 1982 ) was a Polish Jewish violinist and composer .
Gordon Raphael is a record producer and musician from Seattle , Washington and New York , currently living in Berlin .
June Zhu or Zhu Jing ( Chinese : 朱婧 ; born April 18 , 1988 ) , born Yue Hanzan ( 月罕瓒 ) , is a folk singer of Dai ethnicity from Yunnan , China .
Richard Shannon is a writer , performer and speaker .
René Arredondo ( born 1961 ) is a former Mexican professional boxer competing in the welterweight division .
Rojai Trawick , better known as Mista Grimm is a rapper formerly signed to Epic Records ' sub - label , 550 Music .
Jan Strelau ( born May 30 , 1931 , in Free City of Danzig , now Gdańsk , Poland ) is a Polish psychologist best known for his studies on temperament .
Woodrow Phoenix is a British comics artist , writer , editorial illustrator , graphic designer , font designer and author of children 's books .
Frank S. Petersen ( June 20 , 1922 -- May 23 , 2011 ) was a northern California jurist and politician who represented California 's 4th State Senate district from 1963 to 1966 and served as a California Superior Court Judge for Del Norte County from 1966 to 1988 .
Jochen Mundinger is an entrepreneur and a founder of routeRANK Ltd , a company that allows users to search for travel itineraries with a smaller carbon footprint .
Prakash Koirala ( Nepali : प्रकाश कोइराला , pronunciation ) is a Nepalese politician and former minister of Environment , Science and Technology , son of former Nepalese Prime Minister Bishweshwar Prasad Koirala .
Joseph Donovan is a music producer , engineer , and musician .
Rodney William Whitaker ( June 12 , 1931 -- Dec 14 , 2005 ) was an American film scholar and writer who wrote several successful novels under the pen name Trevanian .
Bilgin Özçalkan ( born 31 December 1977 ; Üsküdar , İstanbul ) , also known by his stage name Ceza ( pronounced je - ZAH , Turkish for ' punishment ' ) , is a Turkish rapper and songwriter .
Dean Holland is an American film editor , television director and producer best known for working on Entourage and the comedy shows The Office and Parks and Recreation .
Aldo von Pinelli ( 1913 - -1967 ) was an Italian screenwriter , lyricist and film producer .
Ron Kent is the father of kimono redux artist Elizabeth Kent and novelist Steven L. Kent .
Maxime Rooney ( born April 16 , 1998 ) is an American competitive swimmer who won the gold medal in the 200 meter freestyle at the 2015 FINA World Junior Swimming Championships in Singapore .
Jackson Gregory ( March 12 , 1882 -- June 12 , 1943 ) was an American teacher , journalist , and writer .
Ervin Dionté Harris ( born July 24 , 1991 ) , better known by his stage name Dionté BOOM , is an American rapper - producer .
Mike Vensel is an American artist , photographer and fashion designer .
Jamie Baldridge ( born May 24 , 1975 ) is a photographer from Louisiana , USA .
Song Hae ( born April 27 , 1927 ) is a South Korean host and singer .
Bruno della Chiesa ( born 7 July 1962 ) is a linguist of Italian , French and German descent , who describes himself as an `` engaged cosmopolitan '' .
Edward Willis Redfield ( December 18 , 1869 -- October 19 , 1965 ) was an American Impressionist landscape painter and member of the art colony at New Hope , Pennsylvania .
Ptah - Du - Auu was a nobleman and priest in ancient Egypt , who lived during the 4th dynasty .
Cristobal Pazmino is an Ecuadorian guitarist and composer .
Chava Koster , the granddaughter of Dutch Holocaust survivors , was the first woman from the Netherlands to be ordained as a rabbi .
Haji Mussa Kitole is a Zanzibari politician and member of the Jahazi Asilia party .
J Nathan Bazzel is an American actor , known particularly for his portrayal of Thomas Jefferson .
Carter Smith , ( born September 6 , 1971 ) is an American film director and fashion photographer .
Emile de Ruelle ( 1880 - 1948 ) was an American film editor known for his work in the British Film Industry , particularly with Alfred Hitchcock and Ewald André Dupont at British International Pictures .
Tory Burch ( born June 17 , 1966 ; née Robinson ) is an American fashion designer , businesswoman , and philanthropist , who has won several fashion awards for her designs .
Vic Polizos ( born August 12 , 1947 ) is an American actor of film and television who has appeared in over 100 films and television programs .
Adria Bernardi is an American novelist and translator .
Shirley Brown ( born January 6 , 1947 , West Memphis , Arkansas ) is an American soul singer , best known for her million - selling single `` Woman to Woman '' , which was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1975 .
Josiah Edward Spurr ( 1870 - -1950 ) was an American geologist , explorer , and author .
Matthew Lyon ( July 14 , 1749 -- August 1 , 1822 ) was an Irish - born American printer , farmer , soldier and politician , serving as a United States Representative from both Vermont and Kentucky .
Ralph Read is a Pentecostal Christian pastor in the Assemblies of God and was the Superintendent of the Assemblies of God in Australia from 1969 to 1977 .
Sabine Lautenschläger ( born 3 June 1964 ) is a German jurist and central banker .
Amrom Harry Katz ( August 15 , 1915 -- February 10 , 1997 ) was an American physicist who specialized in aerial reconnaissance .
Alan Milburn ( born 27 January 1958 ) is a British Labour politician who was Member of Parliament ( MP ) for Darlington from 1992 to 2010 .
Ralph Manza ( born December 1 , 1921 - January 31 , 2000 ) was an American television and film character actor .
Bill Estabrooks ( born July 26 , 1947 ) is a retired Canadian educator and politician from Nova Scotia .
Enos Mdlongwa , is a Zimbabwean politician and was mayor of Bulawayo from 1983 to 1985 .
Finn Peters is a flautist and saxophonist .
Martin S. Weinberg ( born 1939 ) is an American sociologist whose work frequently involves human sexuality .
' Jackie Chan Hiu - ki , also known as Kellyjackie , ' is a Hong Kong pop singer and a former member of a band called the Royals .
Tomás Carrasquilla Naranjo ( 1858 -- 1940 ) was a Colombian writer who lived in the Antioquia region .
Christian Caryl is an American journalist who is widely published in international politics and foreign affairs .
Andre Gunder Frank ( February 24 , 1929 -- April 23 , 2005 ) was a German - American economic historian and sociologist who promoted dependency theory after 1970 and world - systems theory after 1984 .
Rob Schamberger is an American painter , best known for his portraiture of professional wrestlers .
John Ries Bartels ( November 8 , 1897 -- February 13 , 1997 ) was a United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York .
Per Sunderland ( October 9 , 1924 -- June 4 , 2012 ) was a Norwegian stage actor and film actor .
Yen Chia - kan ( Chinese : 嚴家淦 ; pinyin : Yán Jiāgàn ; October 23 , 1905 -- December 24 , 1993 ) , also known as C. K. Yen , was a Taiwanese politician .
Lenne Hardt ( born May 10 ) is a voice actress and ring announcer for Japanese mixed martial arts organizations including DREAM , ONE Championship , the now - defunct PRIDE Fighting Championships , as well as Glory World Series .
Niccolò Fortebraccio ( 1375 - -1435 ) , also known as Niccolò della Stella , was an Italian condottiero .
Sofie Formica is an Australian television presenter and actress , currently hosting the information show The Great South East .
Guillermo Mercado Romero is a Mexican politician who served as the Governor of Baja California Sur from 1993 to 1999 .
Ben Pollack ( June 22 , 1903 -- June 7 , 1971 ) was an American drummer and bandleader from the mid-1920s through the swing era .
Sonia Sarfati ( born May 29 , 1960 ) is a Canadian author and journalist born in France and living in Quebec .
Tasha Smith ( born February 28 , 1971 ) is an American actress , comedian and model .
John Christian Frederick Heyer ( July 10 , 1793 - November 7 , 1873 ) was the first missionary sent abroad by Lutherans in the United States .
Joseph Ruttenberg , A.S.C. ( July 4 , 1889 - May 1 , 1983 ) was a Russian - born American photojournalist and cinematographer .
Monique Bosco ( June 8 , 1927 -- May 27 , 2007 ) was an Austrian - born Canadian journalist and writer .
Read Morgan ( born January 30 , 1931 ) is an American former actor whose longest - running role was as a United States Army cavalry officer in the 1960 - 1961 season of The Deputy .
Kurt Reifler is an American entrepreneur , multi - instrumentalist , singer , and songwriter .
Stevie Meyer is a South African rugby league player for the Bloemfontein Roosters .
Chaim Yehoshua Halberstam ( Hebrew : חיים יהושע הלבערשטאם‎ ) , also known as Chaim Shia Halberstam , is a Hasidic Jewish rabbi and the Grand Rabbi of the Satmar community in Monsey , New York .
Stephanie Rothman ( born November 9 , 1936 Paterson , New Jersey ) is an American film director , producer and screenwriter , known for her low - budget independent exploitation films made in the 1960s and 1970s , especially The Student Nurses ( 1970 ) and Terminal Island ( 1974 ) .
Hubert Gagnon is an actor in the Canadian province of Quebec .
Kenichi Fukui ( 福井 謙一 Fukui Ken'ichi , October 4 , 1918 -- January 9 , 1998 ) was a Japanese chemist .
Carol Gilligan ( /ˈɡɪlɪɡən/ ; born November 28 , 1936 ) is an American feminist , ethicist , and psychologist best known for her work on ethical community and ethical relationships , and certain subject - object problems in ethics .
Zulfiya Chinshanlo ( Kazakh : Зүлфия Чиншанло ; Russian : Зульфия Чиншанло ; Chinese : 赵常玲 ) is a Kazakh weightlifter .
Roger Ludlow ( 1590 - -1664 ) was an English lawyer , magistrate , military officer , and colonist .
Doug Fine is an American author , journalist , humorist , and goat herder .
Mohammad Siddikur Rahman ( Bengali : মোহাম্মদ সিদ্দিকুর রহমান ) ( born 20 November 1984 ) is a Bangladeshi professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour .
Wang Chuanjun ( simplified Chinese : 王传君 ; traditional Chinese : 王傳君 ; pinyin : Wāng Chuánjūn ; born 18 October 1985 ) also known as Eric Wang is a Chinese actor and host .
In his time in the Twin Cities M.anifest learnt to adopt the do - it - yourself credo and the know - how in becoming an independent musician .
Sherry Ross ( born c. 1954 ) is an American sports broadcaster and journalist , currently working alongside Matt Loughlin as a color commentator for the NHL 's New Jersey Devils radio broadcasts .
Odille Morison ( July 17 , 1855 - -1933 ) was a linguist , artifact collector , and community leader from the Tsimshian First Nation of northwestern British Columbia , Canada .
Daf Hobson BSC , ( born Dafydd Llewelyn Hobson 1951 in Lancashire ) is an English cinematographer .
Maire Aunaste ( née Ütt , born November 7 , 1953 ) is an Estonian journalist .
Freddie Little ( born April 25 , 1936 ) is a retired American light middleweight boxer .
Blake Clark ( born February 2 , 1946 ) is an American stand - up comedian , actor , voice artist , comedian , perhaps best known as Chet Hunter on Boy Meets World and Harry `` the Hardware Store Guy '' on Home Improvement .
William Pell ( August 16 , 1947 -- July 26 , 2003 ) was an American opera singer who had a major international career during the 1980s and 1990s .
Hugh Latimer Dryden ( July 2 , 1898 -- December 2 , 1965 ) was an American aeronautical scientist and civil servant .
Geraldine Ssali Busuulwa is a Ugandan accountant , mathematician and business administrator .
Bart van Leeuwen ( Amsterdam , 1950 ) is a Dutch photographer and author .
Nayyara Noor ( Urdu : نیرہ نور ‎ ) is a Pakistani playback singer who is considered to be one of South Asia 's popular film songs playback singer and a stage performer in the live ghazal singing concerts on Pakistan TV shows or in concert halls in the country mainly active from 1971 - 2012 .
Robert V. Taylor ( born c. 1958 in Cape Town , South Africa ) is a priest in the Episcopal Church USA and an activist for social justice .
Jerry verDorn ( born November 23 , 1949 ) is an American soap opera actor , best known for his role as Ross Marler in Guiding Light and Clint Buchanan in One Life to Live .
Mlle Guerin ( born c. 1739 , fl . 1755 ) was a French composer .
The Baseggio Family included wood sculptors , painter , and an architect active mainly near Rovigo .
Elkan Rex Makin , usually known as Rex Makin , is a solicitor and philanthropist who has practised in Liverpool , England , for over sixty years .
Brett Budgeon is an Australian sportsman and stage actor , best known for his leading roles in musical theatre and Cabaret performances .
Ney González Sánchez ( born January 25 , 1963 ) is a Mexican politician and the former Governor of Nayarit ( 2005 - -September 18 , 2011 ) .
Tom Jans ( February 9 , 1948 -- March 25 , 1984 ) was an American folk singer - songwriter and guitarist from San Jose , California .
Henry Watkins Allen ( April 29 , 1820 -- April 22 , 1866 ) was an American soldier and politician , and a general in the Confederate States Army during the American Civil War .
Bruce Broughton ( born March 8 , 1945 ) is an American film , video game , and television soundtrack composer who has composed several highly acclaimed soundtracks over his extensive career .
Andrés Quintana , O.F.M. ( November 27 , 1777 -- October 12 , 1812 ) was a Spanish missionary who labored at Mission Santa Cruz in California during the early part of the 19th century .
George Buck Flower ( October 28 , 1937 -- June 18 , 2004 ) was an American actor , writer , producer , assistant director , production manager , and casting director .
Clara H. Scott ( December 3 , 1841 -- June 21 , 1897 ) was an American composer , hymnwriter and publisher .
Augusto Amador is an American politician who has been a member of the Municipal Council of Newark , New Jersey since 1998 .
Edward Octavian Cuthbert ( December 3 , 1826 -- July 28 , 1890 ) was a Quebec politician of independent means .
John Luther Adams ( born January 23 , 1953 ) is an American composer whose music is inspired by nature , especially the landscapes of Alaska where he lived from 1978 to 2014 ( Garland 2007 ) .
Albert Markov ( born May 8 , 1933 , Ukraine ) is a Russian American violinist , whose son is violin virtuoso Alexander Markov .
Voltairine de Cleyre ( November 17 , 1866 -- June 20 , 1912 ) was an American anarchist writer and feminist .
Lynn Walford is a Los Angeles writer , editor , copywriter and author .
Vyacheslav Zherebkin ( Russian : Вячеслав Жеребкин , Vyacheslav Zherebkin ) ( born August 30 , 1968 in Domodedovo , Moscow oblast , USSR ) is a Russian singer who rose to popularity as member of the Russian band Na Na .
Sanford Jackson ( born in Port Arthur , now Thunder Bay , Ontario ) was a prominent Canadian biochemist .
Rochelle Huppin is an American chef , restaurateur and small business owner with projects based in Chicago , Illinois , and Culver City , California .
Li Kaixian ( Chinese : 李开先 ) was a Chinese writer , playwright and literary critic of the Ming Dynasty .
Susan Nirah Jaffee is an American screenwriter and television producer , primary working on sit - coms , and , as at 2007 , serving as a writer and producer for Desperate Housewives .
Jamie Greubel Poser ( born November 9 , 1983 ) née Greubel is an American bobsledder who won her first Bobsleigh World Cup medal in December 2012 .
Iain Weaver ( born 17 January 1990 ) is an English professional boxer who turned professional in May 2012 .
Michael Easton ( born February 15 , 1967 ) is an American television actor , poet , author and photographer .
Harold L. Stuart was a prominent American financier of the early 20th century , and founder of the investment firm Halsey , Stuart & Co ..
Zmago Jelinčič Plemeniti ( born on January 7 , 1948 ) is a Slovenian nationalist politician and author .
Major Nawab Sayyid Zulfikar Ali Khan Bahadur ( 11 March 1933 -- 5 April 1992 ) was an Indian politician and army officer who ruled as Titular Nawab of Rampur from 1982 to 1992 , succeeding his elder brother Murtaza Ali Khan Bahadur .
Sabahattin Ali ( February 25 , 1907 -- April 2 , 1948 ) was a Turkish novelist , short - story writer , poet , and journalist .
Antonio Giarola or Gerola , known as Cavalier Coppa was an Italian painter of the Baroque period .
Lowell Mick White is an American fiction writer living in Texas whose work focuses on the changing relationships between physical place and the individual .
Adeodato Malatesta ( May 6 , 1806 -- December 24 , 1891 ) was an Italian painter , trained in a grand Neoclassical style , depicting mostly of sacred and historic subjects .
Michael Röckner is a mathematician working in the fields of Probability Theory , Analysis and Mathematical Physics .
Ben Mingay is an Australian actor and singer , perhaps best known for having played Buzz Graham in the series Packed to the Rafters and Rob Duffy in Wonderland .
Audius Mtawarira , is a multi - ARIA Award winning Australian record producer , composer , artist and songwriter more commonly known as `` Audius '' .
Vimbayi Kajese is a Zimbabwean journalist who first came to international attention as a news presenter for China Central Television 's CCTV-9 from 2009 - 2011 .
Larry Chance ( born October 19 , 1940 ) is an American musical artist , and the lead singer of the popular 1960s doo wop group Larry Chance and the Earls , originally known as The Earls .
Karan Razdan ( born 1961 ) is an Indian actor , writer and director , who works for Bollywood .
Paula Jean Myers - Pope ( November 11 , 1934 -- July 15 , 1995 ) was a diver and Olympic medalist from LaVerne , California .
Vladimir Vidrić aka Vidra ( April 20 , 1875 -- September 29 , 1909 ) was a Croatian poet .
Naima Mora ( born March 1 , 1984 ) is an American fashion model and the winner of Cycle 4 of America 's Next Top Model .
Kara Goucher ( born Kara Grgas on July 9 , 1978 ) is an American long - distance runner .
Alison Steele ( born Ceil Loman on January 26 , 1937 ; died September 27 , 1995 ) was a pioneering American disc jockey in Manhattan at what would become the archetypal progressive rock radio station in the United States , WNEW - FM 102.7 .
Cynthia Elbaum ( March 19 , 1966 -- December 22 , 1994 ) was an American photojournalist , killed in Chechnya .
Sandy Welch is a British television writer and screenwriter .
Raymond Reiter ( June 12 , 1939 -- September 16 , 2002 ) , was a Canadian computer scientist and logician .
Shubhraj Bhat ( Hindi : शुभराज भट , born July 29 , 1991 in Mumbai ) is an Indian actor and voice actor .
Harry Kondoleon was a gay American playwright and novelist .
Kate Sikora is an American singer songwriter from New Jersey .
Francesco Bartolomeo Conti ( 20 January 1681 or 1682 -- July 1732 ) was an Italian composer and player of the mandolin and theorbo .
Heinrich Schenker ( June 19 , 1868 -- January 14 , 1935 ) was a composer , pianist , music critic , music teacher , and music theorist , best known for his approach to musical analysis , now usually called Schenkerian analysis .
Naomi Phoenix is an English singer - songwriter from Warwick , who had several releases between 1997 and 1999 on Gut under the alias ' Naomi ' .
Decriannus was the official architect of the Roman emperor Hadrian , who repaired the Egyptian city of Alexandria .
Bobby McGrath is an American professional pool player from Washington , Illinois , nicknamed `` the Kid '' for being one of the youngest professional pool players .
Harlan J. Brothers is an inventor , composer , mathematician , and educator based in Branford , Connecticut .
Gillis van Coninxloo ( now also referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo II but previously referred to as Gillis van Coninxloo III ) ( 24 January 1544 -- January 1607 ) was a Flemish painter of landscapes who played an important role in the development of Northern landscape art at the turn of the 17th century .
Lopamudra Mitra ( Bengali : লোপামুদ্রা মিত্র ) is a Kolkata - based prominent Rabindra Sangeet and modern Bengali singer - songwriter .
Predrag Zimonjić ( born October 15 , 1970 in Belgrade ) is a Serbian water polo player who played for FR Yugoslavia at two consecutive Summer Olympics , starting in 1996 .
Ramm Hansen ( July 22 , 1879 - -December 30 , 1971 ) was an early to mid-20th - century Norwegian born , American architect .
Avram Noam Chomsky ( /ˈnoʊm ˈtʃɒmski/ ; born December 7 , 1928 ) is an American linguist , philosopher , cognitive scientist , historian , logician , social critic , and political activist .
Frank Sesno is an award - winning American journalist , former CNN correspondent , anchor and Washington bureau chief , and director of the School of Media and Public Affairs at The George Washington University .
Polly Lauder Tunney ( born Mary Josephine Lauder ; April 24 , 1907 -- April 12 , 2008 ) was an American philanthropist and Connecticut socialite .
Andrew Spagrud ( born November 2 , 1985 in Saskatoon , Saskatchewan ) is a basketball player from Canada , who played for the University of Saskatchewan Huskies in Saskatoon .
Fernando López Arias ( August 8 , 1905 -- July 3 , 1978 ) was a Mexican politician and the former governor of Veracruz .
Laurence Tubiana ( born 1951 ) is a French economist and diplomat .
Hamza Akbar ( Urdu:حمزه اكبر ; born 1993 ) is a Pakistani snooker player who won the 31st Asian Snooker Championship held in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia in 2015 .
Noah Scalin ( born June 2 , 1972 ) is an American artist , known for his creation of the award winning Skull - A - Day art project weblog .
Rúnar Rúnarsson is an Icelandic screenwriter and director .
Robert James `` Bob''/``Gino '' Marella ( June 4 , 1937 -- October 6 , 1999 ) , better known by his ring name of Gorilla Monsoon , was an American professional wrestler , play - by - play commentator , and booker .
Giuseppe Rinvolucri was an Italian engineer and architect , the designer of the `` extraordinary parabolic - arched Roman Catholic church at Amlwch '' on the isle of Anglesey , Our Lady Star of the Sea and St Winefride .
Ruth Gordon Jones ( October 30 , 1896 -- August 28 , 1985 ) , better known as Ruth Gordon , was an American film , stage , and television actress , as well as screenwriter and playwright .
James Anthony Pearson ( born 1981 in Rochdale , Greater Manchester ) is a British actor who lives in Glasgow .
Ingrid Scholz is a retired German rower who won a gold , a silver and a bronze medal at the European championships of 1953 - -1957 .
Homer Banks ( August 2 , 1941 -- April 3 , 2003 ) was an African - American songwriter , singer and record producer , best known for his songs for Stax Records in the 1960s and 1970s .
Brian Yang ( October 28 , 1973 ) is an American actor and producer , most known for his role as `` Charlie Fong '' on Hawaii Five-0 .
Carolyn Cooke ( born on Mount Desert Island , Maine ) is an American short story writer and novelist .
Dan Amboyer ( born December 28 , 1985 ) is an American actor , best known for his starring role as Prince William of Wales in the 2011 Hallmark Channel original film William & Catherine :
Thad Altman ( born September 8 , 1955 ) is a Republican politician who currently serves as a member of the Florida Senate , representing the 24th District from 2008 to 2012 , and the 16th District , which stretches from Cocoa Beach to Sebastian , since 2012 .
Benita Farmer ( born September 26 , 1975 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) is an American gospel singer , songwriter , musician and instructor .
Alison Aprhys is an Australian journalist currently on staff as the senior property writer at the Geelong Advertiser , a regional daily newspaper .
John Kurzweg ( born September 5 , 1960 ) is an American record producer and musician who first became known for his work with successful post - grunge band Creed in the late 1990s and early 2000s .
John Marshall Harlan ( June 1 , 1833 -- October 14 , 1911 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Kentucky who served as an associate justice on the U.S. Supreme Court .
Pat Cougevan ( born July 13 , 1971 in Penn Yan , New York ) is a lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks in the National Lacrosse League .
Da Ruan ( 阮达 September 10 , 1960 -- July 31 , 2011 ) was a Chinese - Belgian mathematician , scientist , professor .
Engenim d'Urre de Valentinès was a troubadour , possibly from Eurre .
Oswald John Frederick Crawfurd ( 1834 - -1909 ) was an English journalist , man of letters , and diplomat who served over 24 years as British consul in Oporto , Portugal .
Tevis Clyde Smith , Jr. ( 1908 - -1984 ) was an American historian , fantasy writer , poet and amateur publisher , best known for his association with Robert E. Howard .
Amílcar Méndez Urízar is a Guatemalan human rights activist and former Congressman ( 1996 - -2000 ) .
Katya Wyeth ( b. January 1 , 1948 ) is a German - born model and actress notable for her roles in several classic horror films of the 1960s and ' 70s .
Jerry London ( born January 21 , 1947 ) is an American television director and producer .
Joe Lisi ( born September 9 , 1950 ) , also credited as Joe Lissi , is an American television actor .
Bertrand Bitz is a Swiss singer and songwriter , born on March 2 , 1978 in Nax ( Valais ) .
Francis Jameson Parker Jr. ( born November 18 , 1947 ) is an American actor , best known for his role of A.J. Simon on the 1980s television series Simon & Simon .
Hallie Todd ( born Hallie Eckstein ; January 7 , 1962 ) is an American actress , producer and writer , known for her roles as Penny Waters on Brothers and as Jo McGuire on Lizzie McGuire .
Crawford Merkel is an American bobsledder who competed in the 1930s .
Géza Röhrig ( Hungarian : Röhrig Géza ; born May 11 , 1967 ) is a Hungarian actor and poet .
Halfdan Hussey is the Director and Co - Founder of Cinequest Inc and the CEO of Cinequest Maverick Studio LLC . He is the author of To The Dogs and 7 Powers of Creating and the film director and producer of Life is Love and Seizing Me .
Bobb Hopkins , also known as Santa Fe Bo , is an American writer , director , actor , and producer .
John E. Franz is an organic chemist who discovered the herbicide glyphosate while working at Monsanto Company in 1970 .
Richard Schell ( May 15 , 1810 -- November 10 , 1879 ) was an American politician who represented New York in the United States House of Representatives from 1874 to 1875 .
William D. Foster , sometimes referred to as Bill Foster ( 1884 - -1940 ) , was a pioneering African - American film producer who was an influential figure in the Black film industry in the early 20th century , along with others such as Oscar Micheaux laying the groundwork for the modern black film industry .
Julio Medaglia is a composer , arranger , and conductor .
Julian Mendelsohn is an Australian record producer , audio engineer and mixer .
Péter Szényi ( born 18 March 2013 ) is a Hungarian épée fencer , team world champion in 2013 .
Corin Nelsen is a Grammy Award - winning recording engineer and music producer .
Guy Kawasaki ( born August 30 , 1954 ) is an American marketing executive , specifically in California 's Silicon Valley .
Gus Trikonis ( born November 21 , 1937 ) is an American actor , dancer and director .
Aguila Saleh Issa ( Arabic : عقيلة صالح عيسى ; born 1944 ) is a Libyan jurist and politician who has been President of the Libyan Council of Deputies since 5 August 2014 .
Chantal Bolivar is a French born fashion model and Entertainment Television Host .
Brett Moyer ( born January 1 , 1984 ) of Ridley Park , Pennsylvania is a professional lacrosse player for the Philadelphia Wings in the National Lacrosse League , and the Denver Outlaws in the Major League Lacrosse .
Justin Eilers ( June 28 , 1978 -- December 25 , 2008 ) was an American professional mixed martial artist , formerly with the UFC , WEC and EliteXC .
Brent Olson is a writer living near Clinton , Minnesota .
Ignacy Zaborowski ( 1754 - -1803 ) was a Polish mathematician and geodesist ;
Her daughter , who was almost the same age as Pauline Gotter , was the first love of the philosopher Friedrich Wilhelm Schelling , a rising star in Jena 's intellectual world , and a passionate follower of Johann Gottlieb Fichte .
Ross Piper is a British zoologist and author of a number of books .
José Correa González ( December 27 , 1980 - April 23 , 2015 ) was a Puerto Rican professional boxer in the Welterweight division .
Olivier Danvy is a French computer scientist specializing in programming languages , partial evaluation , and continuations at the University of Aarhus in Denmark .
Mark Gordon ( born October 10 , 1956 ) is an American television and film producer .
Isaac Opus is a R&B and hip - hop record producer and singer who was born in Miami and was raised in Fort Lauderdale .
In Lives of the Eminent Philosophers , Diogenes Laertius , a philosopher of the 3rd century AD , lists Periander as one of these seven sages .
Vilém Flusser ( May 12 , 1920 -- November 27 , 1991 ) was a Czech - born philosopher , writer and journalist .
Steffan `` Mr. Wiggles '' Clemente is a street dancer , noted for his popping skills .
John Ingvard Kjargaard ( September 13 , 1902 -- July 31 , 1992 ) was an American painter , printmaker and collage artist .
William Hirstein is an American philosopher primarily interested in philosophy of mind , philosophy of language , metaphysics , cognitive science , and analytic philosophy .
Judah ben Nathan , also referred to by the Hebrew acronym RIBaN , was a gifted French rabbi and commentator on the Talmud in the eleventh to twelfth century , best known for being the son - in - law and pupil of the great commentator Rashi , and to a great extent his continuator .
Linn Thomas ( also known as Lynn Thomas ) ( born January 21 , 1976 in Newport News , Virginia , United States ) is an American erotic model .
Alfredo De Vido is an architect and author in New York City .
Kay Goebel is a counseling psychologist in Oklahoma City .
Cameron Stracher is a writer , law professor , and media lawyer .
Regina Miller ( born October 6 , 1962 ) is the current head women 's basketball coach at University of Illinois at Chicago .
Susan Howe ( born June 10 , 1937 ) is an American poet , scholar , essayist and critic , who has been closely associated with the Language poets , among others poetry movements .
Christine Kittrell ( August 11 , 1929 -- December 19 , 2001 ) was an American R&B singer , who first recorded tracks in 1951 with Louis Brooks and his Band .
Murray Favro ( born December 24 , 1940 ) is a Canadian sculptor who lives in London , Ontario .
Antwaun Stanley is an American R&B singer and songwriter based in Ann Arbor , Michigan .
Ángel Manuel Rodríguez ( 19??-- ) is a Seventh - day Adventist theologian and director of the Biblical Research Institute ( BRI ) .
Benjamin Darvill ( born January 4 , 1967 ) , known by his stage name Son of Dave , is a Canadian musician and singer -- songwriter , based in the United Kingdom .
Seth Jordan ( SJ ) , born on July 16 , 1975 in Queens , New York is an American composer and songwriter .
I m Ha - ryong ( born I m Han - yong on October 31 , 1952 ) is a South Korean actor and comedian .
Morgan McCammon ( September 20 , 1922 -- November 20 , 1999 ) was a Canadian lawyer and businessman .
Candice Farmer ( born c. 1970 ) is an underwater fashion and beauty photographer , based in Uckfield , England .
Franz Wilhelm Seiwert ( March 9 , 1894 -- July 3 , 1933 ) was a German painter and sculptor in a constructivist style .
António dos Santos Graça ( 1882 - -1956 ) was a Portuguese ethnologist , journalist and politician notable for the study and preservation of Poveiro culture , history , and folklore .
Dmitry Liss ( born 1960 ) is a Russian conductor considered to be one of the greatest European conductors of his generation .
Kay Laurell ( June 28 , 1890 -- January 31 , 1927 ) was an American stage and silent film actress and model .
Ruth Sawyer ( August 5 , 1880 -- June 3 , 1970 ) , was an American storyteller and a writer of fiction and non - fiction for children and adults .
John Garrie , later known as John Garrie Roshi ( May 18 , 1923 -- September 22 , 1998 ) , was a British actor who later became a respected teacher of Zen Buddhism .
Grandson Shaun Berry Oakley is a musician in training in Florida .
Richard Boly is a former career U.S. diplomat and former Director of the Office of eDiplomacy , an applied technology think tank for the U.S. Department of State .
Steven C. Krane ( January 20 , 1957 -- June 22 , 2010 ) was an American lawyer who was , at age 44 , the youngest president of the New York State Bar Association , and died at the age of 53 .
Jason Nett is a Canadian composer , producer , and guitarist born in New Westminster , British Columbia .
John F. Amodeo ( born August 1 , 1950 ) is an American Republican politician , who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from January 8 , 2008 , until January 14 , 2014 , where he represented the 2nd Legislative District .
Cory Edwards ( born August 21 , 1968 ) is an American film director , screenwriter , and stand - up comedian .
Philip Castle ( born 1942 in Yorkshire , England ) , is a British airbrush artist .
Said Hassan Shire ( Somali : Siciid Xasan Shire , Arabic : سعيد حسن شاير‎ ) is a Somalian politician .
Emily Arnold McCully ( born July 1 , 1939 ) is an American writer and illustrator who is best known for children 's books .
David Williamson Carroll ( March 11 , 1816 -- June 24 , 1905 ) was a prominent Arkansas politician who served in Confederate Army and then the Confederate States Congress during the American Civil War .
Mark McKenzie is an American film composer and orchestrator .
Maurizio Guarini is a self - taught keyboardist , multi - instrumentalist and composer , best known as a member of the progressive rock band Goblin .
Simon Wakelin is a British photojournalist working in Los Angeles , California .
Kevin McCloud MBE ( born 8 May 1959 ) is a British designer , writer and television presenter best known for his work on the Channel 4 series Grand Designs , which he has presented since its debut in April 1999 and his residential housing development company HAB Housing .
Najaf Abbas Khan Sial ( Urdu : نجف عباس خان سیال‎ ) is a politician elected from Jhang , Punjab , Pakistan .
Cass Edwards is a UK - based tenpin bowler turned sports broadcaster and journalist .
Bernard Lord , ONB , QC , ( born September 27 , 1965 ) is a Canadian politician and lobbyist .
Edward Heynes ( by 1524 - 75 or later ) , of Devizes , Wiltshire , was an English politician .
Harry Mullan was an Irish boxing writer and journalist .
Willy Favre ( born September 24 , 1943 - December 19 , 1986 ) is a Swiss former alpine skier and Olympic medalist .
Jiří Snítil ( born February 24 , 1975 ) is a curler from the Czech Republic .
Ronald Susilo ( Chinese : 林羽峰 ; pinyin : Lín Yǔfēng ; born June 6 , 1979 in Kediri , East Java , Indonesia ) is a Singaporean badminton player of Chinese ethnicity .
Jördis Steinegger ( born February 8 , 1983 in Graz ) is an Austrian swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and individual medley events .
Maida Heatter is a pastry chef and cookbook author who specializes in baking and desserts .
Bertel Bruun ( November 13 , 1937 -- September 21 , 2011 ) was a naturalist , international conservationist and neurologist .
Tyler Bunch ( born February 10 , 1970 ) is an American puppeteer , puppet designer , director and actor .
Hassan N'Dam N'Jikam ( born February 18 , 1984 ) is a Cameroonian - French professional boxer and former WBO middleweight champion .
John Huppenthal ( born March 3 , 1954 ) is an American politician who served Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction from 2011 - -2015 .
Magnus Cedenblad ( born April 10 , 1982 ) is a Swedish mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Jeff T. Thomas ( sometimes credited as Jeff Thomas ) is a British music video and television director .
William E. Lee ( January 8 , 1852 in Alton , Illinois -- November 16 , 1920 ) was a Minnesota politician and Speaker of the Minnesota House of Representatives .
Father Angelo Fantoni ( May 2 , 1903 -- August 28 , 1992 ) was an Italian priest and exorcist who worked at Monte San Savino near Arezzo , Italy .
During this period , Wonder Woman joined the Justice Society of America as the team 's secretary .
Margaret Sidney was the pseudonym of American writer Harriett Mulford Stone Lothrop ( June 22 , 1844 -- August 2 , 1924 ) .
Charles Otte ( born May 22 , 1956 ) is an American theatre director , producer , designer and educator .
Robert Swink ( June 3 , 1918 - August 15 , 2000 ) was an American film editor who edited nearly sixty feature films during a career that spanned forty - six years .
Erik Slutsky ( born 1957 ) is a contemporary figurative painter who lives in Montreal , Canada .
Baldeo Das Birla ( also Baldeodas Birla ) was an Indian entrepreneur and philanthropist .
José Miguel Valdés Carrera ( March 14 , 1837 - November 5 , 1898 ) was a Chilean political figure and liberal politician , who served several times as minister .
Subrata Saha is an Indian politician the present Minister without portfolio and a former Minister of State for Public Works in the Government of West Bengal .
Jose Zepeda ( born May 24 , 1989 ) is an American boxer of Mexican descent in the lightweight division .
Rouslan Saghabalyan ( arm . Ռուսլան Փարնավազի Սաղաբալյան , rus . Руслан Парнавазович Сагабалян ; born January 20 , 1951 ) is a Russian writer , journalist and screenwriter of Armenian origin .
W. C. Tuttle ( November 11 , 1883 -- June 6 , 1969 ) was an American writer who sold more than 1000 magazine stories and dozens of novels , almost all of which were westerns . Tuttle wrote mainly for pulp magazines ; his main market was Adventure magazine .
Levi Grant ( April 25 , 1810 -- April 12 , 1891 ) was an American politician and politician .
Hans Gissinger is a Swiss commercial , editorial , and fine - art photographer whose work has received wide exposure , thanks in part to Michael Pollan 's best - selling book The Omnivore 's Dilemma , which features a Gissinger photograph on its cover image .
John A. Ferraro ( April 5 , 1946 -- December 7 , 2010 ) was an American actor , academic , stage director and television director .
Matas Šalčius ( September 30 , 1890 -- May 26 , 1940 ) was a Lithuanian traveler , journalist , writer , political figure .
Sarita Shrestha MD(Ayur ) , OBGYN , BAMS , is an Ayurvedic physician , professor , writer , founder and medical director of the Devi Ma Kunja Ayurvedic Hospital in Bhaktapur , Nepal .
Tamara Brooks ( September 11 , 1941 -- May 19 , 2012 ) was an American choral conductor .
The company wanted to change their touring image into a sportier one and employed Dougal Marchant as a development engineer .
Hildegunn Mikkelsplass ( born as Hildegunn Fossen on April 16 , 1969 in Drammen ) is a former Norwegian biathlete .
Miles Jaye Davis ( born November 12 , 1957 ) , known professionally as Miles Jaye , is an American R&B and jazz singer , jazz violinist , songwriter , and record producer .
Archpriest Alexander Sipiagin ( born August 17 , 1875 in Tbilisi , Russian Empire - died on January 16 , 1941 , Rome , Italy ) was a politician , a priest of the Catholic Church and a member of Russian apostolate .
Danielle Montalbano ( born January 23 , 1989 ) is an American - born figure skater who competed for Israel .
Vasco Ronchi ( December 19 , 1897 -- October 31 , 1988 ) was an Italian physicist known for his work in optics .
A. Edward Sutherland aka Eddie Sutherland ( January 5 , 1895 -- December 31 , 1973 ) was a film director and actor .
Gigi Levangie Grazer ( born Georgianne Levangie ; January 2 , 1963 ) is an American novelist , screenwriter , and producer .
Dana Fox ( born July 16 , 1976 ) is an American screenwriter best known as the writer of the 2005 film The Wedding Date , the 2008 film What Happens in Vegas and the television comedy series Ben and Kate .
David Whatton QPM is a retired British senior police officer .
Leonhard Hutter ( also Hütter , Latinized as Hutterus ; January 19 , 1563 -- October 23 , 1616 ) was a German Lutheran theologian .
Sally Ainse ( also known as Sally Montour , Sara Montour , Sara Hands , Sara Hains , Sara Willson , and Sarah Hance ) ( c. 1728 - -1823 ) was an Oneida diplomat and fur trader .
Dalchand was a Hindu Rajput painter who worked at the Marwar court in Rajasthan in the first quarter of the 18th century .
Antonius Melissa ( c. 11th century ) , is the name given to a Greek monk who wrote a compilation of moral sentences called Loci Communes .
Ann Scantlebury is a radio show presenter and actress .
Neal Creighton ( born October 7 , 1965 ) is an American entrepreneur based in Boston , Massachusetts , United States .
Clancy Carlile ( January 18 , 1930 -- June 4 , 1998 ) was an American novelist and screenwriter of Cherokee descent .
Lee Tae - hwan ( hangul : 이태환 ; born February 21 , 1995 ) is a South Korean actor and singer .
Mehrdad Abedi ( مهرداد عابدی، ) is an electrical engineer and electric machinery researcher and professor of power engineering at Amirkabir University of Technology .
Judith Margolis ( born September 24 , 1944 ) is an Israel - based American artist .
Baron Bruno de Leusse de Syon ( 1916 - -2009 ) was a French high - ranking government official , politician and diplomat .
Hector Oaxaca Acosta ( March 13 , 1926 -- June 10 , 2013 ) , nicknamed `` Chinito , '' was a Mexican news photographer and photojournalist .
Catherine Gildiner is an American/ Canadian New York Times best - selling , author and clinical psychologist .
Evan Enwerem ( October 29 , 1935 -- August 2 , 2007 ) was a Nigerian politician who served as President of the Nigerian Senate in 1999 .
Quinn Martin ( May 22 , 1922 -- September 5 , 1987 ) was an American television producer .
Xin Zhou is a mathematician known for his contributions in scattering theory , integrable systems , random matrices and Riemann--
Terry Lowry ( born January 17 , 1974 , in Albany , Georgia ) is an American composer , pianist and conductor .
Barry Ulanov ( April 10 , 1918 -- April 30 , 2000 ) was an American writer , perhaps best known as a jazz critic .
Wendy Boglioli ( born March 6 , 1955 ) , née Wendy Lou Lansbach , is an American former swimmer , Olympic champion , and former world record - holder .
Dionysius of Halicarnassus ( Greek : Διονύσιος Ἀλεξάνδρου Ἁλικαρνᾱσσεύς `` Dionysios son of Alexandros of Halikarnassos '' ; c. 60 BC -- after 7 BC ) was a Greek historian and teacher of rhetoric , who flourished during the reign of Caesar Augustus .
Mat Devine ( born Matthew Devine , April 16 , 1974 ) is an American singer , songwriter , musician , actor and author .
Leonard Shlain ( August 28 , 1937 -- May 11 , 2009 ) was a US surgeon , author , and inventor .
Ty Margenthaler ( born August 27 , 1971 ) is an American college basketball coach and an assistant women 's coach at Samford University in Homewood , Alabama .
James E. Roberts ( November 30 , 1930 - July 6 , 2006 ) was a noted American civil engineer .
William Schmollinger ( fl . 1830s ) was a famous cartographer .
Dan John Miller is an American singer - songwriter and actor from Detroit , Michigan .
Bert Daniels ( October 31 , 1882 -- June 6 , 1958 ) was a professional baseball player from 1910 to 1914 .
Graham Ludlow is a Canadian actor , executive , screenwriter and producer .
Agnieszka Czopek ( born 1964 ) is a Polish swimmer and Olympic medalist .
Helena Devereux graduated from the Philadelphia High School for Girls in 1904 and from the Philadelphia Normal School in 1906 where she trained to become a teacher .
Lee Aronsohn ( born December 15 , 1952 ) is a television writer , composer and producer .
Hewitt Bostock , PC ( May 31 , 1864 -- April 28 , 1930 ) was a Canadian publisher , businessman and politician .
Levin Jones was a professional baseball player during the mid-1870s who played parts of two seasons in the National Association of Professional Base Ball Players .
David Palffy ( born March 5 , 1969 ) is a Canadian film and television actor of Welsh - Hungarian descent .
Rudolf Walther - Fein ( 1875 - -1933 ) was an Austrian film director of the Silent and early sound era .
Timagenes ( Ancient Greek : Τιμαγένης ) was a Greek writer , historian and teacher of rhetoric .
Tim McKenzie is an American professional mixed martial artist who competes in the middleweight division .
Natarajan Sankaran is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil film industry .
Alan Sparhawk is an American musician and singer - songwriter .
Sefik Birkiye is a Turkish architect who has designed buildings in Brussels , France , Switzerland , Monaco , the United States of America , and Turkey .
Tellef Øgrim ( born January 27 . 1958 in Oslo ) is a Norwegian fretless guitarist , composer and journalist .
Nam Chang - hee ( Hangul : 남창희 ; born February 14 , 1957 ) is a South Korean plasma physicist .
Like many third - century Christian scholars , Arius was influenced by the writings of Origen , widely regarded as the first great theologian of Christianity .
Konrad Krauss is a German actor and well known for his role as family patriarch Arno Brandner on the soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) .
Shelley Hughes ( born January 6 , 1958 in Canton , Ohio ) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Alaska House of Representatives since January 18 , 2013 representing District 8 .
Cho Dong - chan ( born July 27 , 1983 ) is South Korean professional baseball player for the Samsung Lions of the Korea Baseball Organization .
Frank Aletter ( January 14 , 1926 -- May 13 , 2009 ) was an American stage , film , and television actor .
Justine Dkhar is an Indian politician from the state of Meghalaya and represents the Khliehrait ( ST ) constituency in the East Jaintia Hills district in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly during 2008 - 2013 .
Ramesh Talwar is an Indian film , theatre , television and film director , co - producer and actor .
Robin McNamara ( born May 5 , 1947 , in Newton , Massachusetts ) is an American singer , songwriter and musician .
Janek Gwizdala ( born November 19 , 1978 ) is an English jazz bassist and record producer born in London .
Chris Collingwood ( born 1967 ) is a British - born American singer , songwriter , artist and founding member of the power pop band Fountains of Wayne .
Jose Javier Reyes ( born October 21 , 1954 ) is a Filipino writer , director , miscellaneous crew and actor .
Lawrence G. Brown ( born February 6 , 1943 in St. Louis , Missouri ) is an American mathematician who studies operator algebras .
Evin Rubar ( born 14 December 1975 ) is a Swedish TV journalist and documentarian .
John Roxborough Smith ( born November 10 , 1939 ) was a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Hamilton Mountain in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1967 to 1977 as a Progressive Conservative member .
Jones Victor Mawulorm Dotse is a supreme court judge of the Republic of Ghana .
Yog Japee is a Tamil film actor , who has appeared in character roles .
Maryam Mursal ( Somali : Maryaam Muursaal , Arabic : مريم مرسل‎ ) ( born January 1 , 1950 ) is a Somali composer and vocalist .
João Eduardo de Salles Nobre , known as Dudu Nobre ( Rio de Janeiro , RJ , November 6 of 1974 ) , is a Brazilian composer and singer .
Nikki Hornsby ( born in Long Beach , California ) is an American pop , Americana , country and blues singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Paul J. Fishman ( born February 26 , 1957 ) is an American lawyer who currently serves as the United States Attorney for the District of New Jersey .
Zhou Ruchang ( Chinese : 周汝昌 ; Wade -- Giles : Chou Ju - ch'ang ; April 14 , 1918 -- May 31 , 2012 ) , was a Chinese writer who is renowned for his extensive scholarship on the novel Dream of the Red Chamber by Cao Xueqin .
Ian Shive is a noted nature photographer , author , film and television producer and founder and Chief Executive Officer of Tandem Stills Motion , Inc. based in Los Angeles , California .
G. E. Baker ( full name and dates of birth and death unknown ) was an English cricketer who played one first - class cricket match for The Bs against the Marylebone Cricket Club ( MCC ) at Lord 's in 1830 .
Haki R. Madhubuti ( born Don Luther Lee on February 23 , 1942 in Little Rock , Arkansas , United States ) is an African - American author , educator , and poet .
Theodore Winthrop ( September 22 , 1828 -- June 10 , 1861 ) was a writer , lawyer , and world traveller .
Thomas Allibone Janvier ( July 16 , 1849 -- June 18 , 1913 ) was an American story - writer and historian , born in Philadelphia of Provençal descent .
Nicolás Kingman Riofrío ( Loja , November 18 , 1918 ) is an Ecuadorian journalist , writer and politician .
Friederike Kempner ( June 25 , 1836 - February 23 , 1904 ) was a German - Jewish poet .
Fernando de Casas Novoa was a Spanish architect .
Brittany Jean Carlson ( born April 22 , 1987 ) , known better by her stage name BC Jean , is an American singer - songwriter and actress , perhaps best known for writing the song `` If I Were a Boy '' which was later sung by Beyoncé and achieved worldwide commercial success .
Léopold Bernhard Bernstamm ( April 20 , 1859 - January 22 , 1939 ) , also written as Léopold - Bernhard Bernstam , Léopold Bernard Bernstamm , or Leopold Adolfovich Bernstam , was a Russian sculptor active in France and Russia .
As an entrepreneur and industrialist , Syed Babar Ali envisioned and set up Packages Limited ( Pakistan 's largest paper & board mill ) , Milkpak Limited -- now Nestlé Pakistan Limited ( the largest food processing company in Pakistan ) ;
Vinod Raj is a Kannada film actor , who is widely recognized and illustrious for his dancing skills .
George Mastras is an American author , screenwriter , director , and television producer .
Michael Linder is an American television producer and broadcast journalist based in Los Angeles , currently an investigative reporter for KABC - AM and an executive producer for Natural 9 Entertainment in Burbank .
Denis Pyramus was a Benedictine monk of Bury St. Edmunds Abbey and an Anglo - Norman poet who was active in the second part of the 12th and the beginning of the 13th century .
Franc D'Ambrosio ( born August 11 , 1962 in Bronx , New York ) , is an American singer and actor , best known for his role in the stage version of Andrew Lloyd Webber 's The Phantom of the Opera .
Lisbeth Zwerger ( born 1954 ) is an Austrian illustrator of children 's books .
Arthur Norreys Worthington ( February 17 , 1862 -- February 7 , 1912 ) was a Canadian physician , surgeon , soldier , and politician .
Rodolfo Lobos Zamora was a Guatemalan general and diplomat .
Brad Babcock is an American former college baseball coach , the head coach of James Madison ( JMU ) from 1971 to 1989 .
Dr. Patrick N. Keating is a theoretical physicist who has contributed to several fields of solid - state physics , including semiconductors , semi - insulators and the basic properties of solid materials , and to other fields including optics , liquid crystals , acoustic holography , and signal processing .
Alice Shields ( born Alice F. Shields , Manhattan , New York , February 18 , 1943 ) is an American composer .
Edwin Carewe ( March 3 , 1883 - -January 22 , 1940 ) was a Native American motion picture director , actor , producer , and screenwriter .
James Greene Hardy ( May 3 , 1795 -- July 16 , 1856 ) was a politician from the U.S. state of Kentucky who belonged to the American or Know - Nothing Party .
William Crawford Sherrod ( August 17 , 1835 -- March 24 , 1919 ) was an American politician and Confederate officer from Alabama .
Ivan Tásler ( born July 16 , 1979 in Prešov , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak singer , guitarist , composer , and producer .
With a degree in Journalism from the Federal University of Pernambuco , Kleber Mendonça Filho began his career as a film critic and journalist .
Rod Lurie ( born May 15 , 1962 ) is an Israeli - American director , screenwriter and former film critic .
Bernard Greenhouse ( January 3 , 1916 -- May 13 , 2011 ) was an American cellist and one of the founding members of the Beaux Arts Trio .
Kunickaa Sadanand Lall , also known as Kunika , is an Indian TV actor , producer & social activist .
Colin O'Malley ( born on December 9 , 1973 ) is a composer who has worked with CNN , the Walt Disney Company , the United States Air Force , Universal Studios , DC Comics and Electronic Arts .
Ashley Deans is a Canadian physicist , educator , researcher , author and politician .
Torrey Salter ( born July 15 , 1988 ) is a Contemporary Christian music singer / songwriter , pianist , and guitarist from Birmingham , Alabama .
Edward Everett Eslick ( April 19 , 1872 -- June 14 , 1932 ) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives for the 7th congressional district of Tennessee .
The Philadelphia Wireman is the working name given to an unknown outsider artist responsible for approximately 1,200 small - scale wire - frame sculptures that were found by a passerby , abandoned on a street outside a transient home in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania in 1982 .
Christian Julius Weissenborn ( April 13 , 1837 -- April 21 , 1888 ) was a bassoonist , teacher and composer .
Cornelius Newton Bliss ( January 26 , 1833 -- October 9 , 1911 ) was an American merchant , politician and art collector , who served as Secretary of the Interior in the administration of President William McKinley and as Treasurer of the Republican National Convention in four successive campaigns .
Nikhil Korula ( born December 27 , 1978 ) is an Indian American singer - songwriter , bandleader , and label owner , known as founder and front - man of The Nikhil Korula Band , or NK Band .
Lidor Yosefi ( Hebrew : לידור יוספי‎ , born March 6 , 1974 ) is an Israeli singer .
Jaida Dreyer is an American - Canadian country music singer - songwriter , and a world champion equestrian , who is signed to Streamsound Records , a label founded in 2012 by Byron Gallimore .
Alon Eizenman ( born February 9 , 1979 ) is a Canadian and Israeli former ice hockey player .
Duncan Rouleau is an American comic book writer and artist , and is a part of the Man of Action Studios collective of creators ( along with Joe Casey , Joe Kelly , Steven T. Seagle ) , who created the series Ben 10 , that aired on Cartoon Network .
Martin R. Bradley ( April 1 , 1888 -- December 21 , 1975 ) was a Democratic politician from Michigan who served in the Michigan House of Representatives , including as Speaker during the 57th Legislature .
Alessandro Naselli was an Italian painter , active in his native Ferrara in the mid to late 17th century .
Bailey Bram ( born September 5 , 1990 ) is a Canadian ice hockey player from Manitoba .
Doug Coombs ( September 24 , 1957 -- April 3 , 2006 ) was an American alpine skier and mountaineer who helped to pioneer the sport of extreme skiing , both in North America and worldwide .
Hong Jun - pyo ( born December 5 , 1954 ) is a South Korean politician , former prosecutor and the governor of South Gyeongsang Province .
Losolyn Byambajargal ( Mongolian : Лосолын Бямбажаргал ; born November 7 , 1964 ) is a Mongolian politician .
Louis - Albert Carvin ( 1875 - -1951 ) was a French sculptor , primarily an animalier .
Ariel Aparicio is a Cuban - American pop - rock singer , songwriter , and guitarist based in Brooklyn , New York City .
Carl Donald Bell ( August 25 , 1925 - March 17 , 1966 ) , better known by his ring name Chief Don Eagle , was a Mohawk Native American professional wrestler during the 1950s and 1960s .
Taylor Harper ( born November 25 , 1944 ) is an American lobbyist and former American politician .
Carl Bialik is an American journalist , best known for his work for The Wall Street Journal 's web site , and the paper itself .
Vadym Lepskyy ( Ukrainian : Вадим Лепський ; born July 9 , 1985 ) is a Ukrainian swimmer , who specialized in individual medley events .
Stephan Leblanc ( born January 20 , 1986 ) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player for the Toronto Rock in the National Lacrosse League .
John Firminger Duthie ( 1845 - -1922 ) was an English botanist and explorer .
Rufus Mallory ( January or June 10 , 1831 -- April 30 , 1914 ) was an American educator , lawyer , and politician in the state of Oregon .
Charicles ( Greek : Χαρικλῆς ) , son of Apollodorus , was an ancient Athenian politician , notorious for his role as one of the Thirty Tyrants .
Raimundo Lida ( 1908 - -1979 ) was an Argentine philologist , philosopher of language , literary critic and essayist .
Choi Jun - hong ( Hangul : 최준홍 ; born October 15 , 1996 ) better known by his stage name Zelo , is a South Korean rapper , dancer , singer and beatboxer .
Henry Galbraith Ward ( April 19 , 1851 , New York City -- August 24 , 1933 , Shelter Island , New York ) was a federal appellate judge in the United States .
Karin Hendschke ( married Raddatz ) is a former East - German figure skater .
Bert Moorhouse ( sometimes incorrectly billed as Bert Moorehouse ) ( November 20 , 1894 -- January 26 , 1954 ) was an American character actor whose career began at the very tail end of the silent era , and lasted through the mid-1950s .
James Willse James `` Jim '' Willse is an American journalist who served as editor of The New York Daily News from 1989 to 1992 and of The Star - Ledger in New Jersey from 1995 until his retirement in 2009 .
Katrina Bayonas is an actors ' agent , film producer and casting director who is best known for discovering Penélope Cruz and managing her career .
Dan Ouellette is an American artist , illustrator , director , author and production designer .
Ruth Macklin is an American philosopher and professor of bioethics .
Charles C. Shepard ( born December 18 , 1914 , died February 18 , 1985 ) was a microbiologist , and former director of the Centers for Disease Control 's Laboratory Division .
Caroline Robbins or Caroline Herben ( August 18 , 1903 -- February 8 , 1999 ) was a British historian who was a professor at Bryn Mawr College .
Edward Mardigian ( October 25 , 1907 , Constantinople - November 3 , 1993 ) was an engineer , Leader , Philanthropist .
John Shulman ( born June 28 , 1966 ) is the head varsity boy 's basketball coach at The McCallie School .
Tunc Ucyildiz ( born April 22 , 1978 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish surfer who has won Turkey 's first national surfing title in October 2012 .
Henry G. Schackno ( May 6 , 1878 in Albany , New York -- August 23 , 1950 in the Bronx , New York City ) was an American lawyer and politician from New York .
Aaron Lufkin Dennison ( March 6 , 1812 -- January 9 , 1895 ) was an American watchmaker and businessman who founded a number of companies .
David Bayford was a London surgeon , who practised from 1761 to 1782 .
Johann Holetschek ( August 29 , 1846 -- November 10 , 1923 ) was an Austrian astronomer , known for his research on comets .
Carlos Méndez Villalobos ( born September 7 , 1954 ) is a Mexican writer of poetry , short stories and novels .
Montgomery Tully ( 1904 - -1988 ) was an Irish film director and writer .
Alicia Boren ( born February 12 , 1997 ) is an American artistic gymnast , competing in Level 10 .
Arthur Hertzberg ( June 9 , 1921 -- April 17 , 2006 ) was a Conservative rabbi and prominent Jewish - American scholar and activist .
Hansjörg Trachsel ( born August 30 , 1948 ) is a Swiss politician and former bobsledder who competed in the late 1970s .
Zoë Badwi is an Australian singer - songwriter , model , and actress .
Edwin Corbett ( 4 December 1819 -- 22 February 1888 ) was a British diplomat who was envoy to several countries .
Ayatollah Mohammed Reza Shirazi ( Arabic : السيد محمد رضا الحسيني الشيرازي , Persian : سید محمدرضا شیرازی ) was an Iraqi - Iranian Shiite cleric ( Ayatollah ) , and the son of the late Grand Ayatollah Sayed Mohammad Hussaini Shirazi , and a relative of Grand Ayatollah Mirza Hassan Shirazi .
William Curry Holden ( July 19 , 1896 -- April 21 , 1993 ) , also known as Curry Holden , was an historian and archaeologist .
Kosta Abrašević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Коста Абрашевић , May 29 , 1879 -- January 20 , 1898 ) was a Serbian proletarian poet .
Robert Glaudini ( who goes by the name Bob Glaudini ) is an American actor , playwright , director and teacher .
Amarmani Tripathi is an influential politician from Eastern Uttar Pradesh .
D. James Baker ( born March 23 , 1937 ) is an American scientist who was trained as a physicist , practiced as an oceanographer , and has held science and management positions in academia , non - profit institutions , and government agencies .
Celina Ree is a Danish pop rock singer and songwriter .
Paolo Pandolfo is an Italian virtuoso player , composer , and teacher of music for the viola da gamba .
José Reinaldo Azevedo e Silva ( born August 19 , 1961 ) is a Brazilian journalist , writer and radio host .
Mark Ringer ( born December 8 , 1959 ) American writer , theater and opera historian , director and actor .
Catherine McArdle Kelleher ( born January 19 , 1939 ) is an American political scientist involved in national and international security policy .
Enrico Stefani was an Italian architect and archaeologist working in Greece , Crete and Italy during the early twentieth century .
Diti Katona is an internationally recognized Canadian graphic designer and creative director .
Giovanni Francesco Pico della Mirandola ( 1470 - -1533 ) was an Italian nobleman and philosopher , the nephew of Giovanni Pico della Mirandola .
In 2004 , the Rotary Smith Award , given to America 's best college baseball player , was changed to the Roger Clemens Award , honoring the best pitcher .
Nathan Lopez ( born Louie Nathanael Buado Lopez , August 19 , 1991 ) is a Filipino film actor .
Piotr Ignacy Bieńkowski ( 1865 -- 1925 ) was a Polish classical scholar and archaeologist , professor of Jagiellonian University .
Sevğil Musayeva - Borovyk is a Ukrainian journalist from Crimea , Ukraine , chief - editor of internet publishing Ukrayinska Pravda and an initiator of creating the Krym_SOS web portal .
Donnchadh Ó Corráin is an Irish historian and Professor Emeritus of Medieval History at University College Cork .
Steven Haigler is an American gold and platinum record producer of alternative , grunge , hard core and popular music , notably `` Sunburn '' by the band Fuel ( 1998 ) , ;
Elena Oznobkina ( Russian : Ознобкина , Елена Вячеславовна ) was a philosopher , theorist , historian of philosophy , lecturer , translator , editor , journalist , researcher of penitentiary systems , and Russian human rights activist .
Golam Mabud is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to by his nickname ' Sishir ' .
Jon Paul Steuer ( born March 27 , 1984 ; Escondido , California ) is a former child actor best known for being the first actor to play Alexander Rozhenko in Star Trek :
Didi Petet ( July 12 , 1956 -- May 15 , 2015 ) , born Didi Widiatmoko , was an Indonesian actor and TV and film director best known for starring as Emon in the Catatan Si Boy series of films in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
Kieron Forsyth is a British actor who is best known for playing Tom Harvey in Casualty , Gary Penhale in Wycliffe and Tommy Henderson in The Bill .
Jeffrey W. Hutter is an American dentist and a former director of the American Board of Endodontics .
Duke Mitchell ( May 9 , 1926 -- December 2 , 1981 ) was an American film actor , slapstick comedian , crooner and independent film director .
Thaddeus Mortimer Fowler , often credited as T.M. Fowler , ( 1842 - 1922 ) was an American cartographer .
Barbara Starfield ( Brooklyn - New York City , December 18 , 1932 / Menlo Park - California , June 10 , 2011 ) was an American pediatrician .
Cory McFarlane ( born April 17 , 1980 ) is an American actor and American businessman .
Tommy Funderburk is an American rock singer and CEO of technology company Muzit .
William Moseley Swain ( May 12 , 1809 in Manlius , New York -- February 16 , 1868 in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania ) was an American journalist and businessman .
Lebogang Mashile ( July 2 , 1979 ) is a South African actor and writer .
Antony Loewenstein is a freelance journalist , author , atheist Jewish - Australian political activist and blogger .
Oden Roberts ( birth name Oden Few Roberts ) is a writer , a director , a cinematographer , and film producer .
Wen Zhanli ( Chinese : 温展力 ; pinyin : Wēn Zhǎnlì ; born 1981 ) is a Chinese composer living in Beijing .
Steven Eugene Grove ( born November 27 , 1962 ) , better known as Euge Groove , is an American smooth jazz saxophonist with a strong Top-40 background .
Lorenzo Snow Young ( 1894 - 1968 ) , nicknamed `` Bing '' , was a 20th - century architect in Utah .
Bernard B. Fall ( November 19 , 1926 -- February 21 , 1967 ) was a prominent war correspondent , historian , political scientist , and expert on Indochina during the 1950s and 1960s .
Steve Susskind ( October 3 , 1942 -- January 21 , 2005 ) was an American actor who appeared in numerous small parts in sitcoms , such as Frasier , Married ... with Children , Scrubs , and NewsRadio .
Gheorghe Dinică ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe diˈnikə ) ; January 1 , 1934 -- November 10 , 2009 ) was a Romanian actor .
Rey Ramsey is an American social justice entrepreneur , author , and the former CEO of the One Economy Corporation , a nonprofit he co - founded in 2000 .
A member of the Czech avant - garde association of artists Devětsil , an award winning novelist , a literary translator , a journalist and a curator , Jiří Weil is only gradually gaining renown after years of relative obscurity .
Count Joachim von Pfeil ( 1857 - 1924 ) was a German explorer and colonist in Africa and New Guinea .
Hemant Chaturvedi is an Indian cinematographer in the Hindi film industry , he received great critical acclaim for his first feature , Company ( 2002 ) .
Pietro di Domenico , also Pietro di Domenico da Siena , ( 1457 - -1506 ) was an Italian Renaissance painter .
Frederick G. Lawrence is an American hermeneutic philosopher and theologian , and a specialist in Bernard Lonergan , teaching in the Department of Theology at Boston College , Boston , USA .
Ronan Flood has been the caddy of professional golfer Pádraig Harrington since 2004 .
Fred Hembeck ( born January 30 , 1953 ) is an American cartoonist best known for his parodies of characters from major American comic book publishers .
Mahmoud Salvati ( born in Khomeini Isfahan , Persian date Farvardin 1332 ) is a jurist , author , commentator and translator of the Quran and Nahj , religious scholar and member of the Assembly of Qom Seminary Scholars and Researchers .
Ed Bereal ( born 1937 ) is an American artist best known for his work in assemblage and for his participation in exhibitions and performances that addressed political issues and racial stereotypes from the 1960s onward .
Hemasiri Liyanage is a Sri Lankan television , cinema and theatre actor .
Jeanie Tracy is an American singer - songwriter and actress , born in Houston , Texas and raised in Fresno , California .
Ron Ostrow is an American actor who mostly appears on television .
Alex McSweeney is a British actor , best known for playing Graham Foster in EastEnders from 2003 to 2004 .
César Ducasse ( born November 1 , 1979 ) is a French film director , writer and editor , best known for directing the Norwegian cult horror Dark Souls ( Mørke sjeler ) .
Bernard Jeffrey `` Bernie '' McCullough ( October 5 , 1957 -- August 9 , 2008 ) better known by his stage name Bernie Mac , was an American stand - up comedian , actor and voice artist .
José María Urrutia Manzano ( 1771 - -1848 ) was a Chilean military and politician .
Brendan McLeod is a Canadian spoken word artist , musician and novelist .
Clyde Kusatsu ( born September 13 , 1948 ) is an American actor of Japanese descent .
Erica Musci ( born April 6 , 1990 ) , better known by her stage name Erica Mou , is an Italian singer and musician .
Paul Breisach ( June 3 , 1896 -- December 26 , 1952 ) was an Austrian - born conductor .
Hermann Behmel ( born June 28 , 1939 ) is a German geologist , paleontologist and ecological activist .
Johnnie Carson ( born April 7 , 1943 ) is a diplomat from the United States who has served as United States Ambassador to several African nations .
Wilhelm Koppers ( 1886 - -1961 ) was a Catholic priest and cultural anthropologist .
Boris Bernaskoni ( born 26 February 1977 , Moscow ) is a Russian architect , engineer , publisher , the recipient of architectural awards and a participant in various architectural exhibitions .
Miangul Asfandyar Amir Zeb ( Pashto:میانگل اسفندیار امیرزېب ) was a Pakistani politician and a member of the Gujjar royal family of the former Princely State of Swat , who was killed in an assassination attack by the Taliban during the 2007 skirmishes in Swat .
William L. Jungers ( born November 17 , 1948 ) is an American anthropologist , Distinguished Teaching Professor and the Chair of the Department of Anatomical Sciences at State University of New York at Stony Brook on Long Island , New York .
Susan Froemke ( sometimes spelled Frömke ; born November 5 , 1947 ) is an American film director and producer .
Ralph M. Hughes ( born April 17 , 1948 ) is an American politician who represented district 40 in the Maryland State Senate from 1991 to 2007 and a member of the Maryland House of Delegates from the same district from 1983 to 1991 .
William H. Gerdts ( born 1929 ) is an American art historian and Professor Emeritus of Art History at the CUNY Graduate Center .
Gerhard Krüss ( December 14 , 1859 -- February 3 , 1895 ) was a German chemist and founder of the Journal für anorganische Chemie ( Journal of Inorganic Chemistry ) in 1892 .
Luis Simarro Lacabra ( January 6 , 1851 -- June 19 , 1921 ) was a Spanish psychiatrist who was born in Rome while his parents were living in Italy .
Heiner Friedrich ( born April 14 , 1938 in Stettin ) is an important art dealer and art collector of minimal art and conceptual art . Friedrich and his then wife Philippa de Menil , together with Helen Winkler , established the Dia Art Foundation in 1973 .
Şevket Çoruh ( born June 30 , 1973 - Istanbul ) is a successful Turkish actor best known as one of the actors who played İnşaat , Anlat İstanbul beside a lot of Turkish series like Arka Sokaklar , Gönül , Yılan Hikayesi , Çiçek Taksi and the exemplar series that has deeply devoted the Turkish Cinemas and Theaters .
Marian Harris is a Democratic politician who served in the Ohio House of Representatives .
Sir James Buller East , 2nd Baronet ( 1 February 1789 -- 19 November 1878 ) was a British barrister .
Fran Fraschilla ( born August 30 , 1958 ) is an American basketball commentator and former college basketball coach .
Seth Morris ( born May 21 , 1970 ) is an American actor , comedian , and writer known for his recurring roles on programs such as Go On , Happy Endings , The Hotwives of Orlando , Kroll Show , and Childrens Hospital .
Ron Kavana is an Irish singer , songwriter , guitarist and band leader .
Felicia Rudolphina Scatcherd ( 1862 - -1927 ) was a journalist and spiritualist .
Cees Juffermans ( born February 10 , 1982 in Stompwijk ) is a former Dutch Short track speed skater .
Gordon Bunshaft , FAIA ( May 9 , 1909 -- August 6 , 1990 ) , was an American architect , a leading proponent of modern design in the mid - twentieth century .
Hortense Sparks Ward ( July 21 , 1872 - December 5 , 1944 ) was a pioneering Texas lawyer and women 's rights activist .
Dr. Frederick Gardner Cottrell , 71 , California - born chemist and inventor ( Cottrell Electrical Precipitator ) ; of a heart ailment ; in Berkeley , Calif. Dr. Cottrell founded the famed Research Corporation in 1912 as a nonprofit organization for the advancement of science , authorized it to spend the entire $ 3,500,000 grossed by his invention .
Oliver Burgess Meredith ( November 16 , 1907 -- September 9 , 1997 ) , known professionally as Burgess Meredith , was an American actor , director , producer , and writer in theater , film , and television .
Gerhard Neumann ( October 8 , 1917 -- November 2 , 1997 ) was a German - American aviation engineer and executive for General Electric 's aircraft engine division ( which today is called GE Aviation ) .
Oluf van Steenwinckel ( died 1659 ) was a Danish building master and engineer , probably the son of Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger .
Marguerite Diane Webber AKA Marguerite Empey ( July 29 , 1932 - -August 19 , 2008 ) was an American model , dancer and actress .
Bernard Girard ( 1918 - -1997 ) was an American screenwriter , producer and film director .
Khoder Nasser is an Australian sports agent and boxing promoter who currently represents Sonny Bill Williams and Quade Cooper .
Ronen Shilo ( born May 1 , 1958 ) is an Israeli entrepreneur and software engineer .
Kirsten Gum is an adventure traveler , sports commentator and raw food chef .
Kimo Williams is an American composer , musician and professor who has performed with a number of ensembles including his ensemble Kimotion and the Lt . Dan Band , that he co - founded with film / TV actor Gary Sinise .
Sheila Orr ( born 1949 or 1950 ) is a Canadian politician , who represented the electoral district of Victoria - Hillside in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 2001 to 2005 .
Joe Walters ( born November 30 , 1984 ) is a professional lacrosse player for the Rochester Knighthawks of the National Lacrosse League , the Brampton Excelsiors or Major Series Lacrosse , and the Chesapeake Bayhawks of Major League Lacrosse .
Erin Wyatt is an Ohio - born American model and actress who appeared in movies such as Ghosts of Girlfriends Past , Confessions of a Shopaholic , and Wall Street :
Anthony Reategui is a professional poker player from Chandler , Arizona .
Katherine Jane Bryant , known professionally as Janie Bryant , is an American television costume designer .
John E. Hurley ( November 3 , 1906 -- September 22 , 1992 ) was an American politician who served as a Massachusetts State Representative , and the Treasurer and Receiver - General of Massachusetts .
Lawrence Benjamin Brown ( August 29 , 1893 -- December 25 , 1972 ) was an African - American composer and pianist born in Jacksonville , Florida .
Osby Karl Clark , or Karl Clark ( born October 16 , 1957 ) is an American police officer from North Carolina , and a former police chief , best known for his service on international assignments with the International Police .
Frank Ayd ( October 14 , 1920 -- March 21 , 2008 ) was an American psychiatrist known for introducing the first antipsychotic medications into US clinical practice , being granted the first permit from the Food and Drug Administration to use Thorazine for schizophrenia .
Simon Bucharoff ( April 20 , 1881 , Berdychiv , Ukraine -- November 24 , 1955 ) was an American pianist , composer and educator born in Berdychiv , Ukraine .
Jeremiah Jae is an American rapper and producer from the neighborhood of Jackson Park Highlands in Chicago , Illinois .
Frank Stewart Scott ( August 23 , 1879 -- February 13 , 1943 ) was a Canadian shoe manufacturer and politician .
Bernard Wagenaar ( July 18 , 1894 -- May 19 , 1971 ) was a Dutch / American composer , conductor and violinist .
Larry Goldings ( born 1968 ) is an American pianist , organist , producer / arranger and composer .
Elli Alexiou ( sometimes Ellē ; c. 1894 - -1988 ) was a Greek author , playwright and journalist .
Lanny Wolfe ( born February 2 , 1942 ) is an American Christian music songwriter , musician , music publisher , and music teacher .
Salvador Reyes Figueroa was a Chilean writer who won the National Literature Prize 1967 .
King Bailey Parsons Jr. ( born June 11 , 1950 ) is a former professional wrestler better known by his ring name Iceman King Parsons .
Numenius of Apamea ( Ancient Greek : Νουμήνιος ὁ ἐξ Ἀπαμείας ) was a Greek philosopher , who lived in Apamea in Syria and flourished during the latter half of the 2nd century AD .
Richard Archbold ( April 9 , 1907 -- August 1 , 1976 ) was an American zoologist and philanthropist .
Eric Darnell ( born 1961 ) is an American director , writer , songwriter , animator and occasional voice actor .
Caterina Fake ( born 1969 or 1970 ) is an American entrepreneur and businesswoman .
Fazle Mahmud is a First class and List A cricketer from Bangladesh who is sometimes referred to on scoresheets by his nickname ' Rabbi ' .
Yuna Nishimura ( 西村優奈 ; born December 20 , 1933 ) , is a child actor from Tokyo .
George Hunt Barton ( 1852 - 1933 ) was an American geologist , arctic explorer , and college professor .
Joy Laurey is the pen name of a French writer , Jean - Pierre Imbrohoris ( August 6 , 1943 - December 13 , 1993 ) , author of the series of erotic novels Joy .
Bianca Pappas is an American beauty pageant contestant who , in 2011 , won the title of Miss New York United States in the New York State preliminary round of the Miss United States competition . The contest was organized by pageant director , Margaret Louise Skourlis .
Johann Wilhelm Baier ( November 11 , 1647 -- October 19 , 1695 ) was Lutheran theologian of the seventeenth century in the Lutheran scholastic tradition .
Tiffanie DeBartolo ( born November 27 , 1970 , Youngstown , Ohio ) is an American novelist , filmmaker , and co - founder of independent record label Bright Antenna .
Abraham Nemeth ( October 16 , 1918 -- October 2 , 2013 ) was an American mathematician and inventor .
Joyce Vincent Wilson ( born December 14 , 1946 , Detroit , Michigan ) is an American singer , most famous for being one - third of the group Tony Orlando and Dawn .
Scott Hoffman ( born September 1 , 1976 ) , known by his stage name Babydaddy , is an American musician and the Ivor Novello Award - winning multi - instrumentalist , backing vocalist and lyricist for the U.S. glam rock band , Scissor Sisters .
Robert Merrihew Adams ( born September 8 , 1937 ) , known to intimates as `` Bob '' , is an American analytic philosopher of metaphysics , religion and morality .
Victor Argo ( November 5 , 1934 -- April 7 , 2004 ) was an American actor of Puerto Rican descent who usually played the part of a tough bad guy in his movies .
Laura Stevenson ( born April 25 , 1984 ) is an American singer - songwriter based on Long Island , New York , and formerly a keyboard player for the musical collective Bomb the Music Industry!.
Dorothy Devore ( June 22 , 1899 -- September 10 , 1976 ) was an American silent film actor and comedian in her time .
Major General Sir Marie - Joseph - Eugène Fiset KCMG ( March 15 , 1874 -- June 8 , 1951 ) was a Canadian physician , military officer , Deputy Minister of Militia and Defence , Member of Parliament , the 18th Lieutenant Governor of Quebec , and the 3rd Canadian Surgeon General .
Cory Blair ( born June 28 , 1985 ) is an Australian born American rugby union player .
Bernt Petersen ( born 1937 ) , often known simply as Bernt , is a Danish furniture designer .
Dominick F. Mullaney ( July 25 , 1854 in New York City -- August 1929 ) was an American politician from New York .
Dimitrios Douros ( born June 3 , 1980 in United States ) is a former Olympic baseball player .
Loudovikos ton Anogeion ( Greek : Λουδοβίκος των Ανωγείων ) is the performing name of George Dramountanis , a contemporary Greek musician and composer from Crete .
Benedict Silberman , originally Boruch Hirsch - Benedigton Silberman ( December 5 , 1901 Helsinki , Finland - December 11 , 1971 Hilversum , Netherlands ) , was a Jewish composer and conductor .
Francisco Cavalcanti Pontes de Miranda ( April 23 , 1892 - December 22 , 1979 ) was a prominent Brazilian jurist , judge , diplomat and professor of Law at the Federal University of Pernambuco .
Marcoat was a minor Gascon troubadour and joglar who flourished in the mid twelfth century .
Luke Reilly ( born November 23 , 1995 in Richmond , British Columbia ) is a Canadian medley swimmer .
Dénes Kőnig ( September 21 , 1884 -- October 19 , 1944 ) was a Jewish Hungarian mathematician who worked in and wrote the first textbook on the field of graph theory .
Dr. Roland Mengyi ( born March 1 , 1975 ) is a Hungarian jurist and politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Tiszaújváros ( Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County Constituency XII then VI ) since 2010 .
Tatjana Wood ( née Tatjana Weintraub , in Darmstadt , Germany ) is an American artist and comic book colorist .
Joseph Patrick Cranshaw ( June 17 , 1919 -- December 28 , 2005 ) was an American film and television actor known for his distinctive look and deadpan humor .
Bemvindo Sequeira ( born July 27 , 1947 ) is a Brazilian actor , comedian , author , theater , and television director .
Carl Johan Billmark ( 1804 - -70)was a Swedish landscape painter .
Michael F. Walsh ( February 24 , 1894 , Brooklyn , Kings County , New York -- July 22 , 1956 , Brooklyn , New York City ) was an American lawyer and Democrat politician .
Maurice Vaute was a Belgian composer of classical music , conductor and music teacher .
Samuel Rose ( 1767 - -1804 ) was an English barrister and literary editor , now remembered as the friend of William Cowper , the poet .
Ruth Tringham is an anthropologist , focusing on the archaeology of Neolithic Europe and southwest Asia .
Rafael Solis ( born January 2 , 1958 in Río Piedras , Puerto Rico ) is a former junior lightweight boxer from Puerto Rico .
Nelson Merced ( born August 17 , 1947 in New York City ) is a Massachusetts Latino activist and politician .
Major General ( Retired ) Jim Muhwezi Katugugu is a Ugandan lawyer , politician and retired military officer .
Linda Johnson ( born October 14 , 1953 ) is an American professional poker player , journalist and consultant , based in Las Vegas , Nevada .
David J. Lipman is an American biologist who since 1989 has been the Director of the National Center for Biotechnology Information ( NCBI ) at the National Institutes of Health .
The Polyphemos Painter ( or Polyphemus Painter ) was a high Proto - Attic vase painter , active in Athens or on Aegina .
Devendra Patel is a politician from Madhya Pradesh . He had fought the 2008 Madhya Pradesh legislative assembly elections from Silwani in the district of Raisenon the ticket of Bharatiya Janshakti Party in 2008 .
Carole Hayman is an English writer , broadcaster , actor and director .
Ronald Ward was a British actor who appeared in more than twenty British films between 1931 and 1956 .
Josh Vietti is an American Grammy nominated violinist and composer from Los Angeles , California .
Michael Gow is an Australian playwright and director most famed for his 1986 work Away .
Anna Dodge married another silent film actor George Hernandez and was frequently credited as Anna Hernandez .
Joseph Plumb Martin ( November 21 , 1760 -- May 2 , 1850 ) was a soldier in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War , holding the rank of private for most of the war .
Sir Alexander Napier , second Laird of Merchistoun ( died c. 1473 - 4 ) , was a Scottish politician and diplomat .
Sokol Gjoka is an Albanian diplomat and is the current Albanian ambassador to the Russian Federation .
Ralph G. Wright ( born June 10 , 1935 ) is a retired teacher and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Hans Jacoby ( 1904 - -1963 ) was a German screenwriter and art director .
Vatasseri Damodara Nambudiri was an astronomer - mathematician of the Kerala school of astronomy and mathematics who flourished during the fifteenth century CE . He was a son of Vatasseri Paramesvara ( 1360 - -1425 ) who developed the drigganita system of astronomical computations .
Heather Marks ( born July 25 , 1988 ) is a Canadian model known in the fashion world for her big eyes and doll - like or elven features .
Mickey Hergert ( born 1941 in Portland , Oregon ) is a former American football running back and baseball player and coach in the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics with Lewis & Clark College .
Aimee Carter ( born January 24 , 1986 ) is an American writer of young adult fiction .
Pablo Rojas Paz ( June 26 , 1896 - October 1 , 1956 ) was an Argentine writer born in Tucumán .
Betty Curtis ( b. as Roberta Corti March 21 , 1936 -- June 15 , 2006 ) was an Italian singer active from 1957 to 2004 .
Cheryl Hayashi is a biologist at University of California , Riverside who specializes in the genetic structure of spider silk .
Kevin Reagan is a three - time Grammy Award - winning graphic designer / art director , also honored by the AIGA , Print , and Communication Arts .
Enetama Lipitoa is a former politician from Niue .
In a 2009 review of three newly published books on Lincoln , historian Brian Dirck linked the earlier work of Thomas DiLorenzo with that of Lerone Bennett , another critic of Lincoln .
Mike Tompkins is a U.S. politician who was the Natural Law Party vice presidential candidate during the 1992 and 1996 presidential elections .
Manny Perry is an American stunt coordinator and stuntman , having a part in dozens of films such as Armageddon , Con Air , and The Mighty Ducks , to name a few .
Ellen Perry ' 12 is an award - winning film director , writer , producer and cinematographer .
Heather Richardson - Bergsma ( born March 20 , 1989 ) is an American speed skater who has competed since 2006 .
David N. Johnson ( born June 28 , 1922 , San Antonio , Texas ) ( died August 2 , 1987 in Tempe , Arizona ) was an American organist , composer , educator , choral clinician , and lecturer .
Hobart Peyton Young ( born March 9 , 1945 ) is an American game theorist and economist known for his contributions to evolutionary game theory and its application to the study of institutional and technological change , as well as the theory of learning in games .
Shlomit Malka ( Hebrew : שלומית מלכה‎ ; sometimes called Shiloh Malka ; born December 23 , 1993 ) is an Israeli fashion model from Tel Aviv .
Lucius Fairchild ( December 27 , 1831 -- May 23 , 1896 ) was an American politician , army general , and diplomat .
Michael Lomonaco ( born January 2 , 1955 ) is an American chef , restaurateur , and television personality .
Dr. Ugo A. Perego is a population geneticist whose main focuses of study have been the origins of Native Americans and the DNA of Joseph Smith , among others .
Warren Fitzgerald ( born September 15 , 1968 ) is an American punk rock musician , guitarist , songwriter , and record label owner .
Jeannette Montgomery Barron ( born October 3 , 1956 ) is an American photographer known for her portraits of artists such as Andy Warhol , Jean - Michel Basquiat , and Cindy Sherman , and for her still life photography .
Carson Beebe ( born August 13 , 1988 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes for the World Series of Fighting .
Ahmad Bourghani Farahani ( in Persian : احمد بورقانی فراهانی ; January 2 , 1960 -- February 2 , 2008 ) was an influential Iranian reformist politician , notable journalist , writer and political analyst .
Willie Milan is an award winning Filipino film director and screenwriter .
Representative John Spiros ( born July 28 , 1961 in Akron , Ohio ) is an American businessman and politician .
Judith Steinberg Dean , M.D. , ( born May 9 , 1953 ) is a physician from Burlington , Vermont .
Berthold Tours ( Rotterdam , Dec 17 , 1838 -- London , Mar 11 , 1897 ) was a Dutch - born English violinist , composer and music editor .
Shady Othman ( Arabic : شادي عثمان‎ ; born September 20 , 1981 ) is an Arab - European actor .
Wilfred Fairclough ( 1907 -- 1996 ) was an English artist , engraver and printmaker .
Angus Ellis Taylor ( October 13 , 1911 -- April 6 , 1999 ) was a mathematician and professor at various universities in the University of California system .
Krishna Balagita , popular by his first name Krishna(born March 26 , 1967 in Jakarta ) , is a Jakarta - born musician , arranger and composer .
Ulrich Beyers is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with Italian side Zebre in the Pro12 and European Rugby Challenge Cup .
Lopo Homem ( 16th century ) was a Portuguese cartographer and cosmographer .
Herman Snellen ( February 19 , 1834 -- January 18 , 1908 ) was a Dutch ophthalmologist who introduced the Snellen chart to study visual acuity ( 1862 ) .
Ede Reményi or Eduard Reményi ( Hungarian name order : Reményi Ede ) ( January 17 , 1828 -- May 15 , 1898 ) was a Hungarian violinist and composer .
Ebrahim Hamedi ( ) , known better by his stage name Ebi ( ابی ) , is an Iranian singer .
Mukhtar Magauin is a Kazakh writer and publicist .
Omer Hussain is a left - handed batsman and is cousin of fellow Scottish international cricketer Majid Haq .
Allen Hoey ( October 21 , 1952 -- June 16 , 2010 ) was an American poet , novelist , and literary critic who received numerous honors during his lifetime , including a Pulitzer Prize nomination for his 2008 collection of poems Country Music .
Rolf Singer ( June 23 , 1906 -- January 18 , 1994 ) was a German - born mycologist and one of the most important taxonomists of gilled mushrooms ( agarics ) in the 20th century .
Robert Trimble ( November 17 , 1776 -- August 25 , 1828 ) was an attorney , judge , and a justice of the United States Supreme Court .
Alice O'Fredericks ( 1899 - -1968 ) was a Danish actress , screen writer , and film director .
Inês Pedrosa ( born August 15 , 1962 in Coimbra ) is a Portuguese journalist , novelist , short story writer , children 's writer and playwright .
Antony Szeto ( Chinese : 司徒永華 ) is an Australian film director and producer based mostly in Hong Kong .
James Staiano is the executive chef of the Madison Room and Bar at the New York Palace Hotel in New York City , where he has worked for 24 years .
Cheung Chi Yip ( Chinese : 張志業 ; Jyutping : zoeng1 zi3 jip6 ; born December 26 , 1986 in Hong Kong ) is a Hong Konger judoka .
Ger Fennelly ( born 22 January 1954 ) is an Irish retired hurler who played as a centre - forward and as a midfielder for the Kilkenny senior team .
Fran Flory is the head coach of the Louisiana State University women 's indoor and beach volleyball teams .
Gerald Marwell ( born February 12 , 1937 in Brooklyn , New York , died March 24 , 2013 in New York , New York ) was an American sociologist , social psychologist and behavioral economist .
Josh Freed is a Canadian writer , director and actor .
Christine L. Chen is a two - time Emmy Award winning American journalist , author of `` Happy - Go - Yoga '' , certified Yoga instructor , and founder of Christine Chen Yoga .
Marcus Coloma ( born October 18 , 1978 ) is an American actor and musician of Hawaiian and Italian descent .
At the decoration of the hypostyle hall walls of the temple of Khonsu at Karnak , Herihor served several years under king Ramesses XI since he is shown obediently performing his duties as chief priest under this sovereign .
Christopher Peters ( born September 23 , 1968 ) is an American actor , movie producer , and writer .
Martha Southgate ( born December 12 , 1960 ) is an African - American novelist and essayist best known for her novel Third Girl from the Left .
Paz Encina ( born July 9 , 1971 ) is a Paraguayan director and screenwriter , known for her drama film Hamaca paraguaya ( 2006 ) , winner of the FIPRESCI Award of the Cannes Film Festival .
Reginald Foster Dagnall was a British engineer and aircraft designer .
Jorge Swett Palomeque ( February 6 , 1926 -- February 24 , 2012 ) was an Ecuadorian muralist , painter , lawyer and writer .
Bryant G. Wood is a biblical archaeologist and Research Director of the inerrantist Associates for Biblical Research .
Khachik Dashtents ( Armenian : Խաչիկ Դաշտենց ; Khachik Tonoyi Tonoyan , May 25 , 1910 - March 9 , 1974 ) was an ethnic Armenian Soviet writer , poet and translator .
Theodore Frankel ( born 1929 ) is a mathematician who introduced the Andreotti--
Edmund Billings ( January 14 , 1868 -- February 7 , 1929 ) was a Canadian born American financier , banker , sociologist , philanthropist , and government official who served on a number of relief committees and was Collector of Customs for the Port of Boston during World War I.
Richard Venable ( born October 2 , 1944 ) is a Tennessee politician currently serving as head of NETWORKS - Sullivan Partnership , a joint economic development effort of Sullivan County and its cities .
Pinchas Polonsky ( Russian : Полонский Петр ( Пинхас ) Ефимович , born 1958 ) is a Russian - Israeli Jewish - religious philosopher , researcher , and educator active among the Russian - speaking Jewish community .
John Zeller , also known by his German name Johannes Zeller , was a 19th - century Protestant missionary in Ottoman Palestine .
Roger M. Buergel ( born 1962 ) is a writer and curator .
Linda Higgins ( born November 11 , 1950 ) is a Minnesota politician and former member of the Minnesota Senate who represents District 59 , which included portions of the city of Minneapolis in Hennepin County , which is in the Twin Cities metropolitan area .
He was the son and heir of William Trumbull ( 1594 - -1668 ) and grandson of William Trumbull , the Jacobean period diplomat .
Des Alwi Abubakar ( November 17 , 1927 -- November 12 , 2010 ) was an Indonesian historian , diplomat , writer and advocate of the Banda Islands .
The Maître de Chaource was an unidentified sculptor who worked in the late 15th and early 16th century , in the French town of Chaource .
Thomas Tremain ( born 1737 ) was an English organist .
Karan Gera is an award winning artist .
Hamilton Moore is a Baptist theologian and lecturer .
Kevan Frost is a British Tony Award-- and Drama Desk Award -- nominated composer , musician , and record producer .
Weer Rajendra Rishi ( 1917 -- 2002 ) was an Indian linguist , diplomatic translator , and Romani studies scholar .
S. P. Somtow ( a rearrangement of his real name Somtow Papinian Sucharitkul ; Thai : สมเถา สุจริตกุล ; rtgs : Somthao Sucharitakun ; born December 30 , 1952 ) is a Thai - American musical composer .
He also performed as a bassist and lead singer in bands such as Death Piggy , X - Cops , and the Dave Brockie Experience ( DBX ) , and starred in the comedy / horror TV sitcom Holliston as Oderus Urungus .
Hamid Rana is a Pakistani stage and television actor who appears in Lollywood movies .
Fred Wesley ( born July 4 , 1943 ) is an American jazz and funk trombonist , best known for his work with James Brown in the 1960s and 1970s , as well as Parliament - Funkadelic in the second half of the 1970s .
Commodore Lakdasa Dissanayake , FRCS , SLVNF was a Sri Lanka surgeon .
Underwood Dudley ( born January 6 , 1937 ) is a mathematician , formerly of DePauw University , who has written a number of research works and textbooks but is best known for his popular writing .
Ako Mitchell is a British - American actor and filmmaker .
Florin Spulber is the Romanian national ski jumping coach and a former ski jumper .
William Adams Delano ( January 21 , 1874 -- January 12 , 1960 ) , an American architect , was a partner with Chester Holmes Aldrich in the firm of Delano & Aldrich .
Edward Blatchford ( sometimes credited as Ed Blatchford ) is an American actor .
Kate Yeung ( Chinese : 楊淇 ) is an Hong Kong actress and singer .
Jon Stewart ( born Jonathan Stuart Leibowitz ; November 28 , 1962 ) is an American comedian , writer , producer , director , actor , media critic , and former television host .
Simmias of Thebes ( Greek : Σιμμίας ; fl . 5th--4th century BCE ) was an ancient Greek philosopher , disciple of Socrates , and a friend of Cebes .
Mohammad Iqbal Qasim ( Urdu : محمد اقبال قاسم‎ ; born August 6 , 1953 in Karachi , Sindh ) is a former Pakistani cricketer who played in 50 Tests and 15 ODIs from 1976 to 1988 .
Benjamin Bowring ( May 17 , 1778 -- June 1 , 1846 ) was an English watchmaker , jeweller , and businessman .
James Huang ( born January 11 , 1977 ) is an American film and television actor and producer / director .
Bobby Vitale , also known as Bobby Vitali , ( born June 30 , 1965 ) is a retired American pornographic actor of Italian descent .
Anne Bauchens ( February 2 , 1882 -- May 7 , 1967 ) was an American film editor who is particularly noted for her collaboration over 40 years with the director Cecil B. DeMille .
Peter H. Rossi ( December 27 , 1921 -- October 7 , 2006 ) was a prominent sociologist best known for his research on the origin of homelessness , and documenting the changing face of American homelessness in the 1980s .
Jon Courtney is a British singer , guitarist , and keyboard player , formerly in the rock band Pure Reason Revolution .
Nordvargr is the most commonly used name for Swedish musician Henrik Nordvargr Björkk .
Christopher Good is an English actor best known for his work on television .
Terry McAulay is an American football official in the National Football League ( NFL ) since the 1998 NFL season , and Coordinator of Football Officials for the American Athletic Conference since 2008 , when the conference was known as the Big East Conference .
Ashley Klose is a composer , musical artist , teacher and sound producer based in Adelaide , South Australia .
April Webster is an Emmy award - winning casting director , based in Los Angeles , California , known for her work in film and television .
Dylan Walsh ( born Charles Hunter Walsh : November 17 , 1963 ) is an American actor .
Johannes Elias Teijsmann ( June 1 , 1808 - -June 22 , 1882 ) was a biologist , botanist and plant collector .
Baron Barrymore Halpenny is a commercial artist , executive editor , writer and historian of traditions and culture , who does work for several publications , but is best known for his book cover illustrations for Ghost Stations , for which he has also been editor for the newly released series .
Selig Percy Amoils , FRCS , born 1933 , is a South African ophthalmologist and biomedical engineering inventor .
Henry Gray Turner ( March 20 , 1839 -- June 9 , 1904 ) was an American politician , teacher , jurist and soldier .
Randy Powell is a writer who has penned several books in the young adult literature genre .
William H. Ginsburg ( March 25 , 1943 -- April 1 , 2013 ) was an American lawyer , best known for representing former White House intern Monica Lewinsky in her controversy regarding sexual activities with President Bill Clinton in 1998 .
Matt Maki was a Finland - born carpenter / builder and self - styled architect in Montana .
Paul Michael Levesque ( born July 27 , 1969 ) , better known by his ring name Triple H ( an abbreviation of the name Hunter Hearst Helmsley ) , is an American professional wrestler and actor .
Fulgence Charpentier , OC ( June 29 , 1897 -- February 6 , 2001 ) was a French Canadian journalist , editor and publisher .
Alison Fitzgerald is an award - winning American journalist for the Center for Public Integrity based in Washington , DC . She previously worked at Bloomberg News for 10 years as a financial reporter .
William Meninger , O.C.S.O. is an American Trappist monk , who is a noted spiritual teacher and the developer of Centering Prayer , a method of prayer which has become widespread throughout the world .
Marilyn Michaels is a comedian , singer , actress , impressionist , author , and composer .
Juan Torena ( 1898 - -1983 ) was a Filipino - born footballer and actor .
K. Vijaya Bhaskar is a film director in the Telugu film industry , Most of the films he directed were blockbusters and written by Trivikram Srinivas , a Telugu movie director who recently did Attarintiki Daredi .
Lionel Fernández Méndez ( January 24 , 1915 -- February 17 , 1998 ) was an attorney and Puerto Rican politician .
Walter Clun ( died August 2 , 1664 ) was a noted English actor of the seventeenth century .
Samir Karnik ( Punjabi : ਸਮੀਰ ਕਾਰ੍ਨਿਕ , Hindi : समीर कार्निक , Urdu : سمیر کارنک‎ ) , is an Indian film director , producer and screenwriter of Hindi movies .
M. Brian Blake ( born 1971 ) is an American computer scientist / software engineer and the executive vice president for academic affairs and provost at Drexel University .
Drew McWeeny ( born May 26 , 1970 ) , also known by his pseudonym Moriarty , is a film critic , screenwriter , and the former west coast editor of the Ai n't It Cool News website .
Kelly DeVries ( born 1956 ) is an American historian specializing in the warfare of the Middle Ages .
Sol Halperin ( February 16 , 1902 -- May 4 , 1977 ) was an American special effects artist as well as a cinematographer .
Marc Ferrari ( born January 27 , 1962 ) is an American musician , author , entrepreneur and investor .
Wolf - Dieter Heiss ( born December 31 , 1939 ) is an Austrian neuroscientist , Director of the Department of Neurology , University of Cologne and of Department of General Neurology at the Max - Planck - Institute for Neurlogical Research , Cologne ( Germany ) .
Al Tesch ( January 27 , 1891 in Jersey City , New Jersey -- August 3 , 1947 in Jersey City , New Jersey ) , nicknamed `` Tiny '' , was a baseball player who was positioned at second base for the Brooklyn Tip - Tops in 8 games in 1915 .
Denis Shapovalov ( Russian : Денис Викторович Шаповалов ; born April 15 , 1999 ) is a Canadian junior tennis player .
Steve Addabbo is a Grammy nominated producer , musician , songwriter and audio engineer who helped launch the careers of Suzanne Vega , and Shawn Colvin .
Arthur L. Selland ( December 31 , 1905 -- December 5 , 1963 ) was an American politician , and mayor of Fresno , California from 1958 to 1963 .
Yasna Provoste Campillay ( born December 16 , 1969 ) is a Chilean teacher and Christian Democrat politician .
Frico Kafenda ( October 2 , 1883 - September 3 , 1963 ) was a Slovak composer , and a musical pedagogue .
Nasra Agil ( Somali : Nasra Cagil , Arabic : نصرة العقيل‎ ) is a Somali - Canadian civil engineer and entrepreneur .
Kris Defoort is a Belgian avant - garde jazz pianist and composer .
Sergio Bergman is an Argentine rabbi , politician , pharmacist , writer , and social activist .
In her later years Ingrīda Priedīte is also an excellent correspondence chess player .
Izler Solomon ( January 11 , 1910 - December 6 , 1987 ) was an American orchestra conductor , active mostly in the Midwest .
Frederic Marlett Bell - Smith ( September 26 , 1846 -- June 23 , 1923 ) was a Canadian landscape painter best known for his works of the Rocky Mountains and the Selkirk Range .
Thane Camus ( born November 27 , 1970 ) is an American - born TV personality and actor in Japan .
Matt Borlenghi ( born Matteo Andrea Borlenghi on May 25 , 1967 ) is an American actor , best known for his roles as Brian Bodine on All My Children from 1991 to 1993 and 1996 , as Russ on The Jeff Foxworthy Show , and as Rich Casey on Police Academy :
( James ) Henry Broderick was an Irish Labour Party politician .
Coles Whalen is an Americana , pop and country singer - songwriter based in Denver .
Maritza Correia ( born December 23 , 1981 ) , also known by her married name Maritza McClendon , is an Olympic swimmer from the United States .
Tom Tyler ( August 9 , 1903 -- May 3 , 1954 ) was an American actor known for his leading roles in low - budget Western films in the silent and sound eras , and for his portrayal of superhero Captain Marvel in the 1941 serial film The Adventures of Captain Marvel .
Martha Hopkins Struever is an American Indian art dealer , author , and leading scholar on historic and contemporary Pueblo Indian pottery and Pueblo and Navajo Indian jewelry .
Jo Garcia ( born August 3 , 1980 ) is an American nude and lingerie Playboy model who became Playboy 's Cyber Girl of the Year in 2008 , after being named Cyber Girl of the Month in October 2007 , and Cyber Girl of the Week for the week of June 18 , 2007 .
William B. Keene ( born February 23 , 1925 in Youngstown ) was a Los Angeles County Superior Court judge from 1965 to 1984 He is perhaps best known as a judge in the reality series Divorce Court .
Daniel Peter Layard ( 1721 - -1802 ) was an English physician and midwife .
Helmut Thaler ( born January 22 , 1940 ) was an Austrian luger who competed from the late 1950s to the late 1960s .
Shawn Mullins ( born March 8 , 1968 ) is an American singer - songwriter who specializes in folk rock , instrumental rock , adult alternative , and Americana music .
Paul Thagard ( born September 28 , 1950 ) is a Canadian philosopher who specializes in philosophy , cognitive science , and the philosophy of science .
Robert Rufo is an American jurist and politician who current serves as an Associate Justice of the Suffolk County Superior Court in Massachusetts .
Norah McClintock is a Canadian writer of young - adult fiction .
Richard Leiterman ( March 7 , 1935 -- July 14 , 2005 ) was a well - known Canadian cinematographer , best known for documentary and feature film work in the 1960s and 1970s .
E. Jennifer Monaghan ( born Edith Jennifer Walker ; January 19 , 1933 -- September 14 , 2014 ) , also known as Jennifer Monaghan , was an educator and historian .
Mark Schiff is an American voice - actor and comedian .
Dan Kopelman is an American television producer , television writer and actor .
Philip Pendleton Cooke ( October 26 , 1816 -- January 20 , 1850 ) was an American lawyer and minor poet from Virginia .
Fyke Farmer ( November 25 , 1901 -- May 23 , 1997 ) , was a Tennessee lawyer who worked on the behalf of Julius and Ethel Rosenberg .
Alfons Maniura ( July 31 , 1895 -- March 27 , 1942 ) was a Polish soldier who fought in all three Silesian Uprisings ( as a Sergeant in the third one ) , and in the Battle of Annaberg .
Johann Sebastian Paetsch ( born in Colorado Springs , U.S. on April 11 , 1964 ) is an American cellist and musician .
Adim Williams is Nigerian film director best known for his work on the Abuja Connection trilogy of films .
Effie Smith ( born Effie May Bly , April 10 , 1914 -- February 11 , 1977 ) was an American blues and jazz singer and comedienne , best known for `` Dial That Telephone '' , a song she first recorded in 1953 which became an R&B hit in 1965 .
Lewis Ratcliff ( b. April 24 , 1981 ) is a retired professional lacrosse player .
Abram Chasins ( August 17 , 1903 -- June 21 , 1987 ) was an American composer , pianist , piano teacher , lecturer , musicologist , music broadcaster , radio executive and author .
Mahmud ibn Muhammad ibn Umar Jaghmini , or al - Jaghmini was a 14th - century Persian physician .
Denne Bart Petitclerc ( May 15 , 1929 -- February 3 , 2006 ) was an American journalist , war correspondent , author , television producer , and screenwriter .
Gjon Mili ( November 28 , 1904 -- February 14 , 1984 ) was an Albanian - American photographer best known for his work published in LIFE which he photographed artists such as Pablo Picasso .
Lyn Murray ( August 13 , 1909 - April 29 , 1989 or May 20 , 1989 ) was a composer , conductor , and arranger of music for radio , film and television .
Ross Wilkins ( February 19 , 1799 -- May 17 , 1872 ) was an American politician and lawyer from Pennsylvania , who later served as a territorial and U.S. district court judge in the state of Michigan .
Santino Fontana ( born March 21 , 1982 ) is an American stage actor , director , and composer .
Rusty DeWees ( born November 15 , 1960 ) is an American actor , producer and writer .
Micaela Flores Amaya , La Chunga ( The Difficult Woman ) , ( Marseille , ~ 1938 ) is a Spanish flamenco dancer and painter of naïf art . She does not know the exact date she was born .
Susan Campbell Bartoletti ( born 1958 ) is an American writer of children 's literature whose work includes Kids on Strike ! and Hitler Youth :
Mona Hassanein ( Arabic : منى حسنين‎ ; born November 11 , 1985 ) , is an Egyptian fencer .
Eliot Feld ( born July 5 , 1942 ) is an American modern ballet choreographer , performer and director .
Loris Holland is an American composer , record producer , synthesizer and songwriter .
Tore Nordenstam ( born 1934 ) is a Swedish philosopher , with higher degrees from Gothenburg ( M.A. 1961 , fil . lic . 1961 ) and the University of Khartoum ( Ph.D. 1965 ) ; he also studied at Uppsala and Oxford .
Robin de Jesús ( born August 21 , 1984 ) is an American film and theater actor of Puerto Rican descent .
Dean Wright ( born May 15 , 1962 ) is a film director and visual effects supervisor , best known for his work on The Lord of the Rings film trilogy and The Chronicles of Narnia :
Lucy Raverat ( née Pryor , born 1948 ) is the professional name used by Lucy Ethne Rawlinson , a British painter .
Briony Fer is a British art historian , critic , and curator .
Kailash Kher is an Indian pop - rock singer with a music style influenced by Indian folk music .
Monroe Mark Friedman ( October 10 , 1895 -- November 12 , 1978 ) was briefly a United States federal judge , and later a California state judge .
Nollis Marais is a South African rugby union coach , currently in charge of Pretoria - based side the Blue Bulls and of their associated Super Rugby franchise , the Bulls .
William Vans Murray ( February 9 , 1760 -- December 11 , 1803 ) was an American lawyer , politician , and statesman .
The Brunswick Monogrammist was an anonymous Netherlandish painter , active in the mid - to - late 16th century .
Yalchin Adigezalov is an Azerbaijani conductor .
Jamie Theriot ( born January 30 , 1979 in Arnaudville , Louisiana ) is an American jockey .
Donald Chaffin is a British artist , known for his illustrations for children 's books , notably the first edition of Roald Dahl 's Fantastic Mr Fox .
Charles Hatley ( born January 26 , 1986 ) is an American professional boxer , and is considered one of the best prospects in the Super welterweight division .
James L. McGregor is an American author , journalist and businessman who has lived in China for more than 25 years .
Geoff Dougherty is a Chicago journalist noted for founding two local news organizations , and for his work as a computer - assisted / quantitative journalist .
Clemmie Moodie ( b. 8 December 1981 ) is an English journalist and associate features editor at the Daily Mirror .
Julien Loy ( born February 1 , 1976 ) is a French triathlete .
Alejandro Neciosup Acuña aka Alex Acuña ( born December 12 , 1944 ) is a Peruvian drummer and percussionist , in the Afro - Cuban jazz style .
Richard Brookhiser ( born February 23 , 1955 ) is an American journalist , biographer and historian .
Catherine Filloux is a French - American playwright ( her mother is from Oran , Algeria and her father from Guéret , France and she lives in New York City . )
Myrna Summers ( born March 30 , 1949 ) is a Gospel Music singer who has performed professionally for over four decades and is now the Minister of Music at Reid Temple A.M.E. Church in Glenn Dale , Maryland .
Richard Kristian Gutierrez , popularly known as Richard Gutierrez , is a Filipino actor .
Treadwell Gibbons ( born August 6 in Bermuda ) is a Bermudian cricketer , who has played in two One Day Internationals with the Bermudian cricket team .
Louise Nicholson ( born 1 May 1954 ) is a British arts journalist , author and lecturer who concentrates upon the art and culture of India and London .
Nicholas Platt ( born March 10 , 1936 ) is an American diplomat who served as U.S. Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to Pakistan , Philippines , Zambia , and as a high level diplomat in Canada , China , Hong Kong , and Japan .
Andrew Fetterly Wilkes - Krier ( born May 9 , 1979 ) , better known by his stagename Andrew W.K. , is an American singer - songwriter , multi - instrumentalist , entertainer , motivational speaker , and music producer .
Howard Llewellyn Swisher ( September 21 , 1870 -- August 27 , 1945 ) was an American businessperson , real estate developer , orchardist , editor , writer , and historian .
Sarah Bird is an American novelist , screenwriter , and journalist .
Ingrid Oliver is a British actress and comedian , and one half of the comic double act Watson & Oliver .
Lee Ho - yang ( Korean : 이호양 ) , better known by his stage name Shinsadong Tiger ( Korean : 신사동호랭이 Shinsadong Horaengi ) is a South Korean music producer and songwriter .
Anita Palmero ( September 16 , 1902 - January 11 , 1987 ) was a Spanish cabaret and tango singer , as well as an actress .
Alex Veadov is a Russian - American film and television actor .
Gene Stone is an American writer and editor .
Alexandra Braun Waldeck ( born May 19 , 1983 ) is a Venezuelan actress model and Miss Earth 2005 , an annual international beauty pageant promoting environmental awareness .
Krzysztof Mikołajczak ( born 5 October 1984 ) is a Polish épée fencer , team bronze medallist at the 2009 World Fencing Championships in Antalya and individual bronze medallist at the 2013 European Fencing Championships in Zagreb .
Julia Kova ( real name Russian : Юлия Ахонькова , Julija Ahon'kova ; b. February 5 , 1985 in Moscow ) is a Russian beauty queen and singer .
Pei Lisheng ( Chinese : 裴丽生 ) ( October 31 , 1906 - March 18 , 2000 ) was a People 's Republic of China politician .
Wassyla Tamzali ( born 1941 ) is an Algerian writer , lawyer and feminist .
Bradley S. Leavitt is an American politician of the Republican party who was the party 's 2006 and 2008 nominee to challenge incumbent Democratic U.S. Rep. Marcia C. Kaptur .
Carl Hertz ( May 14 , 1859 - March 20 , 1924 ) was an American magician .
Jan Jacobszoon Hinlopen ( May 10 , 1626 -- September 4 , 1666 ) was a rich Dutch cloth merchant , an officer in the civic guard , a real estate developer in the Jordaan , alderman in the city council and a keen art collector .
Maxime Mora is a French professional badminton player .
David J. Griffiths ( born 1942 ) is a U.S. physicist and educator .
Chantelle Paige ( born February 3 , 1988 ) is an American singer - songwriter , actress and travel blogger .
Ciprian Manolescu ( born December 24 , 1978 ) is a Romanian mathematician , working in gauge theory , symplectic geometry , and low - dimensional topology .
Gaius Flavius Fimbria ( died 84 BC ) was a Roman politician and a violent partisan of Gaius Marius .
Steve Drake ( born Steven Michael Nadelman on April 20 , 1954 ) is a pornographic actor and director .
Chang Jian ( Chinese : 常建 ; pinyin : Cháng Jiàn , early part 8th century ) , and whose name , especially in older English transliteration , appears as `` Ch'ang Chien '' , was a poet of the Tang Dynasty , and two of whose poems were collected in the popular anthology Three Hundred Tang Poems .
Shannon Birchall is an Australian born musician , probably best known as the bassist for jam band the John Butler Trio .
Émery Fleury ( February 10 , 1901 -- October 16 , 1975 ) was a Canadian politician and a three - term member of the Legislative Assembly of Quebec .
Liu Xie ( Chinese : 劉勰 ; pinyin : Liú Xié , fl . 5th century ) , courtesy name Yanhe ( 彦和 ) , was a Chinese writer .
Htein Lin , the Burmese painter and performance artist , studied under Sitt Nyein Aye .
Edward A. Halbach ( April 5 , 1909 -- March 20 , 2011 ) was an American amateur astronomer and prolific variable star observer .
Ali Fadel al - Misir is an Iraqi politician who was the Governor of Baghdad Province from December 2004 to January 2005 .
Irène Schweizer ( born June 2 , 1941 ) is a Swiss jazz and free improvising pianist .
Fred J. Fife III is an American politician and engineer from Utah .
Tony Pep ( born September 14 , 1964 ) is a former professional boxer from New Westminster , British Columbia .
Udara Palliyaguruge is a Sri Lankan film director who has established himself in Sinhala cinema with his groundbreaking performance as the director of Super Six -- a movie based on the trials and tribulations of a group of friends who dream of playing in a six - a - side cricket tournament .
Renzo Gracie ( /ˈhɛnzoʊ ˈɡræsiː/ ; born March 11 , 1967 ) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and Brazilian Jiu - Jitsu practitioner .
Yulduz Turdiyeva ( Uzbek : Yulduz Turdiyeva ; Russian : Юлдуз Турдиева ) is an Uzbek singer .
John B. Halsted ( born November 7 , 1798 in Pittston , Luzerne County , Pennsylvania ) was an American merchant and politician from New York .
Roland Collins ( born November 23 , 1985 ) , better known by the stage name Troy Ave , is an American rapper from the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn , New York City .
Richard Sharrah is an American actor and producer , best known for his YouTube channel Bored Shorts TV and its series Kid History .
Lothar Kreyssig ( October 30 , 1898 -- July 6 , 1986 ) was a German judge during the Weimar and Nazi era .
Nelson Searcy ( born October 3 , 1971 ) is an American evangelical minister and author .
Rachel Tidd ( born May 20 , 1984 ) is an American gymnast .
Frank Collison ( born February 14 , 1950 ) is an American actor known to television audiences as the hapless telegrapher Horace Bing in the series Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman .
Narendra Kanwar , or Rajmata , is a politician from the Indian state of Rajasthan .
Li Jihong ( 李继宏,born 1980 ) is a Chinese poet , literary translator and critic .
Dato ' Dr. James Dawos Mamit is a Malaysian politician .
Dilip Venkatachari is a technology executive , entrepreneur , data strategist , and board member of several companies .
Duane Clark is an American television director , producer and screenwriter .
Gina St. John is an American actress and television presenter .
Raja Bhalindra Singh ( Punjabi : ਰਾਜਾ ਭਾਲਿੰਦ੍ਰ ਸਿੰਘ ; 9 October 1919 -- 16 April 1992 ) was an Indian first class cricketer and Maharajkumar of Patiala .
Saxon Rice ( born 15 June 1976 ) is an Australian Liberal National politician who was the member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Mount Coot - tha from 2012 to 2015 , having defeated Treasurer Andrew Fraser at the 2012 state election .
Jon Hinck ( born January 9 , 1954 ) is an American environmentalist , lawyer and politician .
Bette Rogge ( June 14 , 1922 -- January 20 , 2015 ) ( married name Bette Morse ) was an American radio and television presenter , talk show host and journalist .
Werner Leibbrand ( 1896 - -1974 ) was a German psychiatrist and medical historian .
Anthony Athanas ( July 28 , 1911 -- May 20 , 2005 ) was a multi - millionaire Albanian - American restaurateur and philanthropist .
Suzanne Steinbaum is a cardiologist and director of Women 's Heart Health at the Heart and Vascular Institute , Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City and author of Dr . Suzanne Steinbaum 's Heart Book :
William Alexander McClam , known by his stage name TooSmooth , is an American singer , songwriter , musician , record producer , and entrepreneur .
Michelle Stitzlein is an American artist who creates found object art / sculpture from recycled materials .
János Plesch ( 1878 - 1957 ) was a Jewish - Hungarian academic pathologist , physiologist and physician who lived in Berlin for much of his early working life .
Willem Alberda van Ekenstein ( March 28 , 1858 -- May 5 , 1937 ) was a Dutch chemist and discovered the Lobry de Bruyn -- van Ekenstein transformation together with Adriaan Lobry van Troostenburg de Bruyn .
Debra Zane is an award - winning casting director , based in Los Angeles , California , known for her work in film and television .
Jonathan Scarth was a partner in one of Manchester 's early steam powered cotton mills in the late 18th century , and was an entrepreneur of the English Industrial Revolution
Doug Haining is a saxophonist / clarinetist who currently resides in Edina , Minnesota .
Luciano P.R. Santiago is a Filipino writer , historian , and psychiatrist best known for his award - winning books on Philippine history , arts , and culture .
Pierre Flor - Henry ( March 1 , 1934 - ) is a Canadian psychiatrist , researcher , lecturer , and professor .
Misty Oldland ( born Michele Oldland ) is a British - Swiss singer - songwriter , best known for her 1994 singles `` A Fair Affair ( Je T'Aime ) '' and `` Got Me a Feeling '' , a duet with soul singer Omar Lye - fook MBE .
Ödön Tersztyánszky ( March 6 , 1890 -- June 21 , 1929 ) was a Hungarian fencer and olympic champion in sabre competition .
Moses Najara II was a Jewish poet , son of Israel Najara , whom he succeeded as rabbi of Gaza .
Hannah Höch ( German : ( hœç ) ; November 1 , 1889 -- May 31 , 1978 ) was a German Dada artist .
Chester Hazen ( January 31 , 1824 -- April 24 , 1900 ) was an American Republican farmer , businessman , and politician .
Duane Dee is an American country singer known for his many guest appearances at the Grand Ole Opry and also for a series of minor hits on the country charts , sometimes with songs that went on to be major hits for other artists .
Scott McDaniel is an American comics artist who has drawn numerous books , including Marvel Comics ' `` Fall from Grace '' storyline for the Daredevil series .
Rabbi Shlomo Eitan is a Hebrew language linguist who developed teaching methods for Hebrew .
Massimo Pupillo ( January 7 , 1929 - ) is an Italian film director .
José Vales ( born March 26 , 1962 ) is an Argentinian journalist and writer
Jacques Tarade ( 1646 - -1720 ) was a French engineer and colleague of Vauban .
Paolo Sala ( January 24 , 1859 -- 1929 ) was an Italian painter , mainly of vedute and genre scenes .
Catherine Gotani Hara is a Malawian politician and Member of Parliament for Mzimba North East .
Lee Sang - yoon ( Hangul : 이상윤 ; born August 15 , 1981 ) is a South Korean actor .
Wallace Neff ( January 28 , 1895 -- June 8 , 1982 ) was an architect based in Southern California and was largely responsible for developing the region 's distinct architectural style referred to as `` California '' style .
Lewis Cleale is an American theatre actor and singer .
Charlie Mariotti , in full Charles Noel Mariotti Tapia ( born 10 March 1958 ) , is a politician , manager , and broadcaster from the Dominican Republic .
Arnie Dickins is an Australian judoka who competes in the men 's 60 kg category .
Alex Abdullah Abbad ( born June 18 , 1978 ) , sometimes known as Alex Abbad , is an Indonesian actor and presenter .
Santiago Key Ayala ( Caracas , April 25 , 1874 -- Caracas , August 21 , 1959 ) was a historian , writer and diplomat , and is considered one of the most important Venezuelan intellectuals from the first half of the 20th century .
Following the defeat questions were raised over Anthony Cunningham 's team selections over the year , most notably from former Galway hurler Sylvie Linnane , who raised questions over the inconsistent selection of the backs .
Virgilia Kaur Pruthi ( formerly Singh ) is a first generation Indian - American entrepreneur , community builder , and author .
Jason Teoh Sew Hock ( simplified Chinese : 张秀福 ; traditional Chinese : 張秀福 ; pinyin : Zhāng Xiùfú ) is a Malaysian politician .
David Neiwert is a Seattle - based freelance journalist and blogger .
Gerard Sutton is an Australian specialist ophthalmic surgeon and a board - certified ophthalmologist in Australia and New Zealand .
Adivi Sesh , born Adivi Sesh Sunny Chandra , is an Indian film actor - director , who is known for his roles in Karma and Panjaa .
Peter Butenschøn ( born 20 April 1944 ) is a Norwegian architect and publicist .
Nicholas `` Nick '' Paul Barker is an Australian singer - songwriter and guitarist who formed a Melbourne - based rock , power pop band Nick Barker & the Reptiles in March 1988 .
May Louise Cowles ( September 25 , 1892 -- January 11 , 1978 ) was an American economist , researcher , author , and advocate of Home Economics .
Bruce Dethlefsen is an American poet and teacher of poetry .
Lanny Meyers is an American composer , orchestrator , principal arranger and musical director .
William DeWitt Alexander ( April 2 , 1833 - -February 21 , 1913 ) was an educator , author and linguist in the Kingdom of Hawaii and Republic of Hawaii .
T. William ( BIll ) Olle ( born 1933 ) is a British computer scientist and consultant , and President of T. William Olle Associates , England .
Julian Sher is a Canadian investigative journalist and author based in Montreal .
Joseph Marchand ( August 17 , 1803 -- November 30 , 1835 ) was a French missionary in Vietnam , and a member of the Paris Foreign Missions Society .
Bob Seidemann is an American graphic artist and photographer best known for the creation of several album covers and portraits of musicians in the 1960s and 1970s .
Jerry A. Shields ( born June 9 , 1937 ) is an ophthalmologist practicing at the Wills Eye Institute in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , specializing in ocular oncology .
Calvin Jung ( born February 17 , 1945 ) is an American actor who is best known for his appearances in the films The Day After , Robocop and Lethal Weapon 4 .
Marci Alboher ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American author , journalist , speaker , and writing instructor with a background in law .
Phil Silvers ( May 11 , 1911 -- November 1 , 1985 ) was an American entertainer and comedy actor , known as `` The King of Chutzpah '' .
Oscar M. Ruebhausen ( August 28 , 1912 -- October 8 , 1994 ) was a prominent New York City lawyer , and adviser to Governor Nelson A. Rockefeller , and a president of the New York City Bar Association .
Anton Ambschel ( Ambschl , Ambschell , Ambšl ) ( December 1 , 1746 in Cerknica -- July 14 , 1821 in Bratislava , Slovakia ) was a Slovenian mathematician , physicist , philosopher and astronomer .
Lars Iyer is a British novelist and philosopher .
Sergey Lavrenov ( Russian : Серге́й Лавренов ; born January 28 , 1981 in Moscow ) is a retired Russian swimmer , who specialized in middle - distance freestyle events .
William S. Pierce ( born January 12 , 1937 ) is the cardiothoracic surgeon and chemical engineer who led development of the first pneumatic heart assist pump .
Razan Moughrabi ( in Arabic رزان مغربي also known as Razan in Arabic رزان ) is a famous Lebanese singer , actress , and TV presenter on Arabic television .
Charles Debrille Poston ( April 20 , 1825 -- June 24 , 1902 ) was an American explorer , prospector , author , politician , and civil servant .
Diana Nemiroff is a Canadian curator and art historian in the field of contemporary art .
John Burr Williams ( November 27 , 1900 -- September 15 , 1989 ) was a 20th - century economist , recognized as a founder and developer of fundamental analysis , and for his pioneering analysis of stock prices as reflecting their `` intrinsic value '' .
Stephen Susco is an American film and television screenwriter who is most famous for writing the hit movies The Grudge and The Grudge 2 .
This was later parodied in `` The Pilot '' when the actor that is cast to play him in Jerry and George 's sitcom refuses to base the character on the real Cosmo Kramer .
Dr. Ramarao Indira , M.A. , Ph.D. ( born 22 April 1952 ) is a South Indian sociologist , feminist and a retired Professor of Sociology at the University of Mysore and director of the university 's Centre for Women 's Studies .
Stanley Michael Gartler ( born June 9 , 1923 ) is a cell and molecular biologist and human geneticist .
Dino Natali is an American actor who is best known for playing Officer Zatelli , the gay police officer , on the sitcom Barney Miller .
Neil Kaplan ( born March 9 , 1967 ) is an American voice actor , entertainer and comedian .
Henry Rowett ( dates unknown ) was an English amateur cricketer who played for Surrey during the 1760s .
John Castellanos ( born April 11 , 1957 in La Mesa , California ) is an American actor best known for the contract role of attorney John Silva on the CBS soap opera The Young and the Restless .
Edwin Croswell ( May 29 , 1797 Catskill , New York- June 13 , 1871 Princeton , New Jersey ) , was an American journalist and politician .
Nancy Jo Sales ( born October 15 , 1964 ) is a journalist and author who has written for Vanity Fair , New York and Harper 's Bazaar .
TaQuita Thorns ( August 24 , 1986 ) is an African American singer - songwriter and MTV star from Detroit , Michigan .
Alexandros Karathodoros was a Greek politician and minister .
Elizabeth Jill Cowley ( born 1940 ) is a British botanist , who has worked at the Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew .
Henry Blanke ( December 30 , 1901 -- May 28 , 1981 ) was a German - born film producer who also worked as an assistant director , supervisor , writer , and production manager .
Giovanni Patrone ( Naples , March 17 , 1847 - ? ) was an Italian painter of figures , in both oil and watercolor .
Seymour Drescher is an American historian and a professor at the University of Pittsburgh , known for his studies on Alexis de Tocqueville and Slavery .
Kumar Sanu 's father , Pashupati Bhattacharya , was a vocalist and composer .
Ernest Ensor ( 17 December 1870 in Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , England -- 13 August 1929 in Cork ) was an English - born Irish cricketer .
Rabbi Shmaryahu Yitzchak Bloch ( ca . 1862 -- 1923 ) was a rabbi and Talmudist in Russia and England .
Obie Patterson is an American politician who currently represents Prince George 's County , District 8 within the Prince George 's County Council , since December 6 , 2010 .
Waldemar Gurian ( February 13 , 1902 -- May 26 , 1954 ) was a Russian - born German - American political scientist , author , and professor at the University of Notre Dame .
Mīr ' Ali - Shir Nava'i ( 9 February 1441 -- 3 January 1501 ) , also known as Nizām - al - Din ʿAlī - Shīr Herawī ( Chagatai - Turkic / Persian : نظام الدین على شير هروی‎‎ ) was a Central Asian poet , writer , politician , linguist , mystic , and painter .
Ludwig Edward Fraenkel FRS ( born May 28 , 1927 ) is a German - born British mathematician , and professor at University of Bath .
Howard J. Whitmore , Jr. was an American politician who was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1947 - -1953 and Mayor of Newton , Massachusetts from 1954 - -1959 .
Barry Bell ( born June 22 , 1951 ) is an American Film , Television , Stage and voice actor .
Jack Keddie was an Australian rules footballer who played with Essendon .
Mark Hicks , of Manhattan Beach , California , was an abstract painter .
Vladimir Pavlovich Titov ( Russian : Владимир Павлович Титов ; 12 ( O.S. 1807 ) March , selo Noviki , Spassky Rayon , Ryazan Oblast -- 27 ( O.S. 1891 ) September , Kharkov ) , better known under the pseudonym Tit Kosmokratov ( Russian : Тит Космократов ) , was a Russian writer , statesman , diplomat .
W. Franke Harling ( January 18 , 1887 - November 22 , 1958 ) was a composer of film scores , operas , and popular music .
Robbie Fulks ( born March 25 , 1963 ) is an American alternative country singer - songwriter and long - time Chicago , Illinois musician .
George Groeneveld ( born 1940 or 1941 ) is a Canadian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Highwood as a Progressive Conservative .
Rose Kerketta ( born 5 December 1940 ) is a woman writer , poet , thinker and tribal rights activist from Jharkhand .
Elihu Burritt ( December 8 , 1810 -- March 6 , 1879 ) was an American diplomat , philanthropist and social activist .
Juan Vicente Ribera was a Spanish painter , practicing at Madrid in the early part of the 18th century .
Jaume Bartumeu Cassany ( Catalan pronunciation : ( ˈʒawme baɾtuˈmew ) ) ( born 10 November 1954 ) is an Andorran lawyer and politician , who served as head of government from 2009 to 2011 .
Allan Whitwell ( born May 5 , 1954 in York , North Yorkshire ) is a former Olympic rower from England .
Mandana Moghaddam is an Iranian - Swedish contemporary visual artist whose installation work was most notably exhibited in the 51st Venice Biennale .
Anita Rios is an American politician and activist from Ohio .
Abe Meyer ( 1901 - -1969 ) was an American composer of film scores .
Angela Robinson ( born February 14 , 1971 ) is an American film and television director , screenwriter and producer .
Andra Willis ( born August 27 , 1943 ) is an American singer best known from television 's The Lawrence Welk Show from 1967 to 1969 .
Drew Westervelt ( born April 25 , 1985 in Bel Air , Maryland ) is a lacrosse player for the Colorado Mammoth in the National Lacrosse League , and the Chesapeake Bayhawks in Major League Lacrosse .
Mary Alice Williams is a highly acclaimed broadcast journalist whose investigative work on such topics as foreign policy , ethics , technology and health have made her a respected authority and recognized voice for public information .
Germanus ( sometimes Germanus of Winchester , died circa 1013 ) was a medieval English abbot and Benedictine monk .
Scott Tyler Clary ( born March 12 , 1989 ) is an American competition swimmer and Olympic gold medalist .
Marilyn Shrude ( born 1946 in Chicago , Illinois ) is an American composer of contemporary classical music and pianist , and Distinguished Artist Professor of composition at Bowling Green State University , since 1977 .
Jaime Battiste ( born 1979 ) is a Mi’kmaq writer , researcher , historian and activist from Potlotek First Nation .
Stanley Prager ( January 8 , 1917 -- January 18 , 1972 ) was an American actor and a television and theatre director .
Kanō Kazunobu ( 狩野 一信 , 1816 -- 3 November 1863 ) was a Japanese painter of the Kanō school .
Louis - Philippe Loncke , is a Belgian explorer , adventurer and motivational speaker .
Silvana Tirinzoni ( born June 25 , 1979 in Zurich ) is a Swiss curler from Oberrohrdorf .
William Eythe ( April 7 , 1918 -- January 26 , 1957 ) was an American actor of film , radio , television and stage .
Adelaide Hawley Cumming ( born Dieta Adelaide Fish ; March 6 , 1905 -- December 21 , 1998 ) was a vaudeville performer , radio host , television star and living trademark for General Mills , and in later years , a teacher .
Jesper Baehrenz ( born September 8 , 1965 ) is a Danish radio host , television host , producer , board game developer and screenwriter .
Amandeep Singh Hayer , better known as Aman Hayer , is a UK - based Bhangra producer , and singer .
Grey Damon ( born September 24 , 1987 ) is an American actor , known for his roles in Friday Night Lights and The Nine Lives of Chloe King .
A. David Trahan ( born February 25 , 1963 ) is an American politician , logger , and lobbyist .
Ari Telch ( born May 7 , 1962 ) is an award - winning Mexican actor best known for his work in telenovelas and the stage .
Ezra Meech ( July 26 , 1773 - September 23 , 1856 ) was an American fur trader and politician .
Melville Shavelson ( April 1 , 1917 -- August 8 , 2007 ) was an American film director , producer , screenwriter , and author .
Stoyka Petrova ( Bulgarian : Стойка Петрова ) is a Bulgarian boxer .
Edward Witten ( /ˈwɪtən/ ; born August 26 , 1951 ) is an American theoretical physicist and professor of mathematical physics at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton , New Jersey .
Justin Beckett is an American entrepreneur , philanthropist and author .
Jehan de Lescurel ( also Jehannot de l'Escurel ; fl . early 14th century ) was a medieval poet and composer .
Andrew Brooke is a British producer and actor .
Broery ( June 25 , 1948 - April 7 , 2000 ) was the stage name of the famous Indonesian singer Broery Pesulima , also known as Broery Marantika .
Ruth Shonle Cavan ( August 28 , 1896 -- August 25 , 1993 ) was an early American sociologist .
Scott Casey ( born March 19 , 1947 ) is a retired American professional wrestler who is probably best known for his stint in the World Wrestling Federation between 1987 and 1990 .
Dennis Crompton ( born in 1935 ) is an English architect , lecturer and writer on architectural subjects .
Cris Velasco ( born May 1974 ) is an American video game and film composer .
Barry Blue ( born Barry Ian Green ) is an English singer , producer , and songwriter .
Before he became bishop , Koenwald seems to have been a priest in the household of King Æthelstan .
Bukola Oriola ( born 1976 ) is a Nigerian American journalist and former human trafficking victim .
Horace Wells ( January 21 , 1815 -- January 24 , 1848 ) was an American dentist who pioneered the use of anesthesia in dentistry , specifically nitrous oxide ( or laughing gas ) .
Adolph Francis Alphonse Bandelier ( August 6 , 1840 -- March 18 , 1914 ) was a Swiss - born American archaeologist who particularly explored the indigenous cultures of the American Southwest , Mexico and South America .
Joan Joyce ( born August 18 , 1940 , in Waterbury , Connecticut ) is the softball coach at Florida Atlantic University , following a record - setting career as a softball player for the Raybestos Brakettes and the Orange Lionettes .
Augustin Friedrich Walther ( October 26 , 1688 -- October 12 , 1746 ) was a German anatomist , botanist and physician who was a native of Wittenberg .
Rhisiart ap Rhys ( fl . c.1495 -- c.1510 ) was a Welsh language poet from the cwmwd of Tir Iarll , Glamorgan .
Aasta Hansteen , also known as Hasta Hanseen ( born December 10 , 1824 -- April 13 , 1908 ) , was a Norwegian painter , writer , and early feminist .
Bill Gerber is an American film producer , responsible for such films as Queen of the Damned and the remake of The Dukes of Hazzard .
Mukut Mithi ( born 1 January 1954 ) is an Indian politician from the state of Arunachal Pradesh who is the incumbent Member of the Rajya Sabha .
Tiffany Stiegler ( born January 14 , 1984 ) is an American figure skater who competed in both pair skating and ice dancing .
Tristan Egolf ( December 19 , 1971 -- May 7 , 2005 ) was an American novelist , author , and political activist .
Christine Fetzer ( born 1969 ) is an American bodybuilder , model and wrestler .
Katie Geneva Cannon ( born January 3 , 1950 ) is a Christian theologian associated with womanist theology and black liberation theology .
Martha Klein is a philosopher , specialising in the intersection of the philosophy of mind and moral philosophy , and especially in the question of the freedom of the will .
Patrice Pike ( born August 4 , 1970 ) is an American singer , songwriter , and musician .
Joseph D. Moody ( November 14 , 1841 - November 17 , 1909 ) was a U.S. dentist and served as president of the Historical Society of Southern California .
David Richard Fliehr ( born March 6 , 1979 ) better known by his ring name David Flair is an American professional wrestler best known for his time in World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , where he held the United States and World Tag Team championships .
Leonard B. Meyer ( January 12 , 1918 -- December 30 , 2007 ) was a composer , author , and philosopher .
Zoltan Korda ( June 3 , 1895 -- October 13 , 1961 ) was a Hungarian - born motion picture screenwriter , director and producer .
J. Samuel Walker is an American historian and author based in Maryland , most notable for his research and writing on the nuclear age , both weaponry and atomic energy .
Felisha Legette - Jack ( born September 4 , 1966 ) is the Head Women 's basketball coach at University at Buffalo , The State University of New York .
Leslie Scalapino ( July 25 , 1944 -- May 28 , 2010 ) was a United States poet , experimental prose writer , playwright , essayist , and editor , sometimes grouped in with the Language poets , though she felt closely tied to the Beat poets .
Stacy May - Johnson , ( born May 15 , 1984 , in Reno , Nevada ) is a former professional softball player for the Chicago Bandits , and an assistant coach for the University of Louisville Cardinals .
Joe Duarte ( born August 4 , 1983 ) is a professional mixed martial artist and investor from Guam , and is of native Chamorro descent .
Laurent Cleenewerck is an academic and theologian , serving as professor of international administration and theology for EUCLID ( Euclid University ) , and on the faculty of the Ukrainian Catholic University and Humboldt State University .
Janet Treasure ( born 1952 ) , OBE PhD FRCP FRCPsych , is a British psychiatrist , who specialises in research and treatment of eating disorders .
Otto Laporte ( July 23 , 1902 -- March 28 , 1971 ) was a German - born American physicist who made contributions to quantum mechanics , electromagnetic wave propagation theory , spectroscopy , and fluid dynamics .
Trevor Avery is an artist and curator who has been based in London , the Highlands of Scotland , and is now in the North West of England .
Jasmina Đokić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Јасмина Ђокић , anglicized as `` Jasmina Djokic '' ) is a Serbian painter .
P. Vasu ( born Vasudevan Peethambharam ) is an Indian director , writer , and actor who works in Tamil , Kannada , Telugu and Malayalam films .
Antoine Albeau is a French windsurfer who holds eleven Windsurfing World Championships in different disciplines since 1994 .
Nathaniel Gorham ( May 27 , 1738 -- June 11 , 1796 , his first name is sometimes spelled Nathanial ) was a politician and merchant from Massachusetts .
Yuka Tsujiyoko ( 辻横 由佳 Tsujiyoko Yuka ) is a Japanese video game music composer for Nintendo .
John P. Darling ( February 25 , 1815 in Berkshire County , Massachusetts -- June 17 , 1882 ) was an American politician from New York .
Whilst Eutharic was nominally a statesman , politician and soldier of the Roman Empire , he was also an Arian , whose views clashed with the Catholic majority ; as consul enforcing Theoderic 's tolerant policy towards the Jewish people , he incurred resentment from the local Catholics , whose traditions were less than tolerant .
Mohamed Saïd Ouma is a film director and screenwriter who has been responsible for production and a programming assistant for the International African Film Festival of Africa and the Islands ( FIFAI ) in the city of Port à l'Ile in Réunion Island since 2004 .
Mary Ellen Matthews is a photographer based in New York City and East Hampton , New York .
Bernardo Segall ( August 4 , 1911 -- November 26 , 1993 ) was a Brazilian - born American composer and concert pianist .
Hilda `` H.D. '' Doolittle ( September 10 , 1886 -- September 27 , 1961 ) was an American poet , novelist , and memoirist known for her association with the early 20th century avant - garde Imagist group of poets such as Ezra Pound and Richard Aldington .
Jonathan Weinberg ( born 1957 ) is an artist and art historian .
Kalman Packouz is an Orthodox rabbi who has pioneered various Jewish educational initiatives geared towards baalei teshuva ( `` returnee to Judaism '' ) outreach .
Geneviève Dorion - Coupal is a dancer , choreographer and artistic director native of Quebec , Canada .
Sam Levenson ( December 28 , 1911 -- August 27 , 1980 ) was an American humorist , writer , teacher , television host , and journalist .
Marjorie Halpin ( February 11 , 1937 -- August 30 , 2000 ) was a U.S .- Canadian anthropologist best known for her work on Northwest Coast art and culture , especially the Tsimshian and Gitksan peoples .
Vimla Patil ( Marathi : विमला पाटील ) is an Indian journalist , author , activist , columnist , writer ( books and features , speeches and research ) , event designer .
Otto Ballerstedt ( April 1 , 1887 -- c. 1 July 1934 ) was a German engineer , writer and politician .
Manu Parekh is an Indian painter , known for his several paintings on the city of Varanasi .
Britta Gröndahl ( March 8 , 1914 -- November 18 , 2002 ) was a Swedish writer , French language teacher , editor , translator , and anarcho - syndicalist .
Roger Scott Craig is an Irish musician who started his career with The Merseybeats in the early 1970s , along with members , Tony Crane , Derek Cashin , and Tony Coates .
Winifred Horan is an American fiddler of Irish descent .
Joel Pelletier is an American contemporary musician , painter , actor and political commentator .
Sun Xiaoqun ( Chinese : 孙晓群 ; July 10 , 1944 - ) is a politician of the People 's Republic of China .
Tarleton Perry Crawford ( May 8 , 1821 -- April 7 , 1902 ) was a Baptist missionary to Shandong , China for 50 years with his wife .
Nels Anderson ( July 31 , 1889 -- October 8 , 1986 ) was an early American sociologist who studied hobos , urban culture , and work culture .
Amber Lee Ettinger ( born October 2 , 1982 ) is an American actress , Internet celebrity , and model .
Lu Ying ( 陆滢 , Lù Yíng , 22 born January 1989 ) is a Chinese competitive swimmer .
Athanasios Nanopoulos ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Νανόπουλος ) was a Greek fencer .
Iris Burton ( September 4 , 1930 -- April 5 , 2008 ) was an American talent agent and dancer , who discovered and represented many famous child actors during her career .
Robert Lawrence Balzer ( June 25 , 1912 -- December 2 , 2011 ) has been called the first serious wine journalist in the United States .
Anita Agnihotri ( born 1956 ) is an Indian Bengali writer and civil servant .
Eric Noi is a former Super Middleweight boxer from Moss Side , Manchester .
Augustus Wade Dwight ( February 22 , 1827 -- March 26 , 1865 ) was a lawyer who became an officer in the American Civil War .
Wu Nien - pin ( Chinese : 吳念平 ; pinyin : Wú Niànpíng ; born February 4 , 1983 ) is a Taiwanese former swimmer , who specialized in freestyle and medley events .
Jack Lait ( March 13 , 1883 -- April 1 , 1954 ) was an American journalist best known for his series of `` Confidential '' books .
Rubin Goldmark ( August 15 , 1872 -- March 6 , 1936 ) was an American composer , pianist , and educator .
Nordin ben Salah ( 1972 - -2004 ) was a Dutch boxer and kickboxer .
Janez Lenarčič ( born November 6 , 1967 ) is a Slovenian diplomat and the former Director of the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights within the Organization for Security and Co - operation in Europe .
Pamela Druckerman is an American writer and journalist living in Paris , France .
Carolyn Scott - Hamilton is a Colombian - born , bilingual TV show host and media personality , holistic nutritionist , vegan chef , cookbook author , and speaker .
John Taintor Foote ( March 29 , 1881 -- January 28 , 1950 ) was an American novelist , playwright , short - story writer , and screenwriter .
Hank Roberts ( born March 24 , 1954 , in Terre Haute , Indiana ) is an American jazz cellist and vocalist .
Ayanna Porter ( born November 27 , 1976 ) , better known by her stage name INOJ , is an American singer - songwriter .
Sarah Kawahara is a Japanese - Canadian figure skater and choreographer of Japanese ancestry .
Jon Naar is a British - American author and photographer celebrated for his pioneering images of New York City graffiti in the 1970s .
Fawad Ahmed Khan ( Pashto / Urdu : فواد احمد ; born 5 February 1982 ) is a Pakistani - born Australian cricketer who is currently contracted to the Sydney Thunder in the Big Bash League , having been granted Australian citizenship in July 2013 .
Timothy Hines is an American film director , writer and producer .
Brooks Benedict ( February 6 , 1896 -- January 1 , 1968 ) was an American actor of the silent and sound film era , where he played supporting and utility roles in over 300 films , mostly uncredited .
Suzanne Ciani ( born June 4 , 1946 ) is an Italian American pianist and music composer , who found early success with innovative electronic music .
Mark Ames ( born October 3 , 1965 ) is a writer known for his work as a Moscow - based expatriate American journalist and editor .
Charles Ejogo ( born 1976 ) is a British entrepreneur who is the inventor of the Umbrolly umbrella vending machine .
Keith E. Idso is a botanist and vice president of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change .
Frank M. Stammers ( d. June 27 , 1921 , New York City ) was a theatre director , choreographer , playwright , lyricist , and actor .
Benjamin Harrison Eaton ( December 15 , 1833 -- October 29 , 1904 ) was an American politician , entrepreneur and agriculturalist in the late 19th and early 20th century .
Daniel Castañeda Soriano was a Mexican musicologist , composer and engineer .
Anthony Hembrick ( born February 22 , 1966 , Detroit , Michigan ) was an amateur champion American boxer in the middleweight class and a member of the 1988 US Olympics team .
Lee Bivens became a full - time professional artist at the age of 18 and is realism painter known for `` captur(ing ) more than the camera 's eye in his paintings '' .
Xuejun Chen is a Thermal power engineering scientist , professor and former deputy president of Xi'an Jiaotong University .
Gheorghe Șincai ( February 28 , 1754 -- November 2 , 1816 ) was an ethnic Romanian Transylvanian historian , philologist , translator , poet , and representative of the Enlightenment - influenced Transylvanian School .
Trevor Blackann is an American former lobbyist who pleaded guilty in the Jack Abramoff scandal .
Lyndon Woodside ( March 23 , 1935 , Florence , South Carolina - August 23 , 2005 , Englewood , New Jersey ) was the 10th conductor of the Oratorio Society of New York .
Nils Wilhelm Erik Penser ( born August 22 , 1942 , in Eslöv , Skåne ) is a Swedish financier and businessman .
Howard Stelzer ( born 1974 , in Belle Harbor , New York ) is a composer of electronic music , whose work is made primarily from sounds generated by cassette tapes and tape players .
Cliff Warren ( born March 8 , 1968 ) is an American college basketball coach , currently an assistant at the University of Maryland .
Thomas Pernes ( born February 25 , 1956 ) is an Austrian avant - garde composer and performance artist who lives and works in Vienna .
Flip Wilson ( December 8 , 1933 -- November 25 , 1998 ) was an African American comedian and actor .
Jan Wong ( Chinese : 黃明珍 ; pinyin : Huáng Míngzhēn ; born August 15 , 1952 ) is a Canadian journalist .
John Mercer Langston ( December 14 , 1829 -- November 15 , 1897 ) was an American abolitionist , attorney , educator , activist , diplomat , and politician .
Richard A. Johnson is an artist and Professor in the Fine Arts department at the University of New Orleans .
James Howe ( born August 2 , 1946 ) is an American children 's writer with more than 80 juvenile and young adult fiction books to his credit .
Vladimir Alexandrovich Kucherenko ( Russian : Влади́мир Алекса́ндрович Кучере́нко ) ( born December 21 , 1966 ) , better known by the pen name Maxim Kalashnikov ( Макси́м Кала́шников ) , is a Russian patriotic writer , publicist , and political activist .
Pomponius Mela , who wrote around AD 43 , was the earliest Roman geographer .
Dr. Karen Teff is a biologist and geneticist .
Saladin Ahmed ( born October 4 , 1975 ) is an Arab - American science fiction and fantasy writer and poet .
Howard Spodek ( born c. 1941 ) is an American - born world historian , a professor of history and geography and urban studies at Temple University .
John Noake(1816 - -1894 ) was an English journalist and antiquary , known for his writings on Worcestershire .
Norman Charles Miller ( born October 2 , 1934 ) is an American journalist who worked for the Wall Street Journal .
Stephania Bell ( born May 20 , 1966 ) is a physical therapist who has become an author , as well as both on - air and online sports commentator at ESPN where she serves as an American football injury analyst .
Guri Schanke ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈɡʉːɾi ˈskɑŋkə ) ) ( born Guri Annika Schanke December 14 , 1961 ) is a Norwegian actress and singer .
William Goodchild ( born 3 April 1964 ) is a composer , orchestrator and conductor who produces music for film , television and the concert hall .
Viren J. Shah ( May 12 , 1926 - March 9 , 2013 ) was an Indian politician and one - time Governor of the Indian State of West Bengal .
Dinakar Mashnu Salunke ( Kannada : ದಿನಕರ್ ಮಷ್ಣು ಸಾಳುಂಕೆ , Hindi : दिनकर मश्नु सालुंके ) ( Dinkar M. Salunke ) is an eminent immunologist and a structural biologist born and brought up at Belgaum , Karnataka , India .
Othello Khanh ( born October 22 , 1964 in Paris , France ) is a French - Vietnamese film director , producer and screenwriter .
James Greer is an American novelist , screenwriter , musician , and critic , born in 1971 .
Richard Henry Myles Arkell is an English first class cricketer who played in three matches for Cambridge University between 1953 and 1955 .
Bricstan was a 12th - century trainee monk , miracle witness and Chatteris 's first known parishioner .
William Littlewood was an aeronautical engineer noted for his contributions to the design and operational requirements of transport aircraft .
Lakshman Joseph de Saram is a film composer and classical musician .
John Charles Patrick Croghan Daly ( February 20 , 1914 -- February 24 , 1991 ) , generally known as John Charles Daly or simply John Daly , was an American journalist , game show host , and radio personality , probably best known for hosting the panel show What 's My Line ? .
Rebecca Naomi Jones is an American actress and singer best known for her performances in the Broadway rock musicals Passing Strange , American Idiot , and Hedwig and the Angry Inch .
Venerable Waire was an English friar and Catholic martyr who was hanged , drawn , and quartered at St. Thomas Waterings in Camberwell ( a brook at the second milestone on the Old Kent Road ) , on 8 July , 1539 .
Wilfred Jackson ( January 24 , 1906 -- August 7 , 1988 ) was an American animator , arranger , composer and director best known for his work on the Mickey Mouse and Silly Symphonies series of cartoons and the two segments Night on Bald Mountain and Ave Maria of Fantasia from Walt Disney Productions .
Choi Jin - young ( Hangul : 최진영 ; November 17 , 1970 -- March 29 , 2010 ) was a South Korean actor and singer .
Govinda Bhagavatpada ( IAST Govinda Bhagavatpāda ) was the Guru of the Advaita philosopher , Adi Shankara .
Natalia Alexandra Gutiérrez Batista , known artistically as Natti Natasha is a Dominican Reggaeton and Latin Pop singer .
Susan Hacker Stang ( born Susan Hacker , October 19 , 1949 , in Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania ) is an American photographer , author , and educator .
Martin Shovel is a prolific British cartoonist , writer and creative consultant whose work has appeared in the Daily Telegraph , The Guardian and elsewhere .
May 's work was rejected by later historians , such as Herbert Butterfield who wrote , `` Erskine May must be a good example of the way in which an historian may fall into error through an excess of brilliance .
Edwin King Stodola ( October 31 , 1914 -- April 6 , 1992 ) was an American radio engineer .
Mary Ann Jackson 's film career began under the shadow of her actor relatives , mother Charlotte Jackson ( 1891 - -1992 ) and older sister , `` Peaches '' Jackson ( 1913 - -2002 ) .
Odiseo Bichir Nájera ; ( ) is a Mexican actor .
Manabendra Mukhopadhyay ( Bengali : মানবেন্দ্র মুখোপাধ্যায় ) was a Bengali singer and composer .
Manea Mănescu ( August 9 , 1916 -- February 27 , 2009 ) was a Romanian communist politician who served as Prime Minister for five years ( March 29 , 1974 -- March 29 , 1979 ) during Nicolae Ceaușescu 's Communist regime .
Jack Donnelly ( born 28 October 1985 ) is an English actor , best known for his role in popular Nickelodeon series House of Anubis , in which he played the role of Jason Winkler .
Carolyn Lamm is an American lawyer and a partner in the Washington , D.C. , office of White & Case .
Stacey Lynn Swain ( born November 30 , 1958 ) , known by her stage name Stacey Q , is an American pop singer , songwriter , dancer and actress .
Conor Gill ( born February 6 , 1980 ) is a professional lacrosse player who had an exceptional collegiate career at the University of Virginia before going on to the professional ranks .
Stephen M. Truitt is an American lawyer in Washington DC , retired from the Pepper Hamilton law firm .
Elis Sella was a Finnish actor who mostly appeared on Finnish television shows .
Pinakkatt D Abraham , known as Swargachitra Appachan is an Indian film producer , distributor , and entrepreneur .
The Master of Wavrin or Master of Jean Wavrin , Wavrin Master ( and other variants ) , was a French painter and manuscript illuminator active in the region of Lille in the third quarter of the fifteenth century .
Lilian Vaughan Morgan ( née Sampson ; July 7 , 1870 -- December 6 , 1952 ) was an American experimental biologist who made seminal contributions to the genetics of Drosophila melanogaster , which cemented its status as one of the most powerful model systems in biology .
Katya Sambuca ( born Yekaterina Mikhailova , August 27 , 1991 ) is a Russian singer , actress , model and television presenter .
Michel Gill ( born April 16 , 1960 ) , also known as Michael Gill , is an American actor best known for playing President Garrett Walker in the Netflix series House of Cards .
Hibo Mohamed Hudoon ( also known as Hibo Nuura ; born 1945 ) is a Somali singer .
Ramilisonina is an archaeologist from Madagascar .
Vasil Tsereteli ( Georgian : ვასილ წერეთელი ) ( 1862 - -1937 ) was a distinguished Georgian physician , journalist , politician and public benefactor .
Charles Emory Smith ( February 18 , 1842 -- January 19 , 1908 ) was an American journalist and political leader .
Edmund Seidel ( born July 10 , 1878 in the German Empire ) was an American newspaper editor and politician from New York .
Günter Lenz ( born July 25 , 1938 in Frankfurt am Main ) is a German jazz bassist and composer .
Shani Davis ( /ˈʃɑːni/ ; born August 13 , 1982 ) is an Olympic Champion speed skater from the United States .
Jörg Michael ( born March 27 , 1963 ) is a German drummer .
Jonathan Todd Ross ( born 1979 ) is an actor and writer .
Marvi Sirmed ( Urdu : ماروی سرمد‎ ) is a Pakistani journalist and blogger .
Xiao Yishan ( 蕭一山 , May 7 , 1902 -- July 4 , 1978 ) was a modern Chinese historian .
Publius Licinius Nerva was a politician of the Roman Republic who , as Praetor , served as Governor of Sicily in 104 BC at the outbreak of the Second Servile War .
Roger Granet is an American psychiatrist and an author of several books on understanding mental disorders and diseases .
Romeo Diaz ( Chinese : 戴樂民 ) is a Filipino music composer , record producer and music director .
Eusebio Rafael Camilo Abreu ( n. Moca , 1948 ) is a sociologist , historian , economist and politician from the Dominican Republic .
Tarik Azzougarh , better known as Cilvaringz , is a rapper , executive manager and hip hop producer associated with the Wu - Tang Clan .
Peter - Josef Schallberger ( July 19 , 1932 ; Ennetmoos -- April 15 , 2010 ) was a Swiss politician of the CVP and farmer .
Tom Holliston ( born April 21 , 1960 ) is a Canadian punk rock musician .
George Frederick Pardon ( 1824 - -1884 ) was an English journalist and writer , especially on sports and games , where he used the pseudonym Rawdon Crawley or Captain Crawley .
Marsilius of Inghen ( 1340 -- August 20 , 1396 ) was a medieval Dutch Scholastic philosopher who studied with Albert of Saxony and Nicole Oresme under Jean Buridan .
Timothy App ( born 1947 ) is a contemporary American painter whose works are in numerous private and public collections including the Baltimore Museum of Art .
Jesse Schwartzman ( born November 14 , 1985 in Baltimore , Maryland ) is a professional lacrosse player for the Denver Outlaws of Major League Lacrosse .
Lusia Strus ( born December 13 , 1969 ) is an American writer and stage and film actress with Neo - Futurists .
Nils Petter Molvær ( Norwegian pronunciation : ( ˈmol.væɾ ) ) also known as NPM ( born September 18 , 1960 ) is a Norwegian jazz trumpeter , composer , and producer .
Rey Danseco is a Filipino sports editor , journalist , television commentator - host for boxing events and the foremost international boxing judge from Asia .
Bhupathiraju Vijayakumar Raju ( Telugu : భూపతిరాజు విజయకుమార్ రాజు ) was a politician and Industrialist .
As well as being a solo artist , Har Mar Superstar is a songwriter .
Ot de Montcada ( Catalan : ( ˈɔd də muŋˈkaðə ) ) was an early Catalan troubadour with no surviving work .
Alex Rutterford is a British director and graphic designer working mostly on music videos .
Jerry Cantrell served as the lead guitarist , co - lyricist , co - vocalist and main composer of Alice in Chains until the group 's near - permanent hiatus beginning in the late 1990s and leading through the death of lead singer Layne Staley in April 2002 .
Anytus ( /ˈænɪtəs/ ; Greek : Ἄνυτος Ánytos ; c. 5th--4th century BCE ) , son of Anthemion , was an ancient Athenian politician .
Aušra Augustinavičiūtė ( April 4 , 1927 -- August 19 , 2005 ) was a Lithuanian psychologist and sociologist , and dean of the Vilnius Pedagogical University 's department of family science , author of numerous scientific theories and discoveries , and the founder of Socionics .
Kimeru ( most often written either in Romaji ( Kimeru ) or with Katakana ( キメル ) , but has been written as きめる ( Hiragana ) and ( 決める ) ( Kanji ) , born June 17 , 1980 ) is a Japanese pop musician , singer , and stage actor .
Alvin D. Loving Jr. ( September 19 , 1935 -- June 21 , 2005 ) , better known as Al Loving was an African - American abstract expressionist and painter .
Ferdi Statzer ( 1906-June 17 , 1974 ) , née Friedrich von Statzer , was an eminent Austrian pedagogue , pianist , conductor and composer .
Herbert Koch ( born September 14 , 1962 ) is a German mathematician active in the field of partial differential equations .
April Winchell Foley ( born January 4 , 1960 ) is an American actor , writer , talk radio host , commentator , voice actor , and comedian .
Gaston Leval ( born Pierre Robert Piller October 20 , 1895 - April 8 , 1978 ) was an anarcho - syndicalist , combatant and historian of the Spanish Revolution .
Mary Kay Magistad is an award - winning American journalist and correspondent .
Dean Gemmell ( born August 27 , 1967 ) is a Canadian - American curler and writer who currently resides in Short Hills , New Jersey .
Horace Pippin ( February 22 , 1888 -- July 6 , 1946 ) was a self - taught African - American painter .
Walter Chepman was a Scottish merchant , notary and civil servant active in the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries .
Jerry Wallace ( December 15 , 1928 -- May 5 , 2008 ) was an American country and pop singer .
Brooke Evers is an Australian television personality , model and DJ . Her first break was as Zoo Weekly 's `` 2008 Beach Babe of the Year , '' which secured her first national magazine cover .
Terrance Simien ( born September 3 , 1965 in Mallet , Louisiana ) is an American zydeco musician , vocalist and songwriter .
Thomas Alan Goldsborough ( September 16 , 1877 -- June 16 , 1951 ) was a U.S. politician and federal judge .
Veronica Alexandra Tecaru ( born January 14 , 1984 ) , known by her stage name Veronika , is an Afro - Romanian singer .
Dennie Cody , is a professional photographer who specializes in lifestyle and travel photography for advertising , editorial and corporate clients .
Yang Peiyi ( born February 21 , 2001 ) is a Chinese teen singer .
Danillo Villefort ( born in 1983 ) is a Brazilian professional mixed martial artist .
Mose Janashvili ( Georgian : მოსე ჯანაშვილი ) ( March 19 , 1855 -- April 19 , 1934 ) was a Georgian historian , ethnographer , and linguist .
Maximilian Mechler is a German ski jumper who has competed since 2000 .
Adam Payne ( 1781 -- May 23 , 1832 ) was an itinerant minister who enjoyed success preaching among the Potawatomi people in Illinois and was killed by Native Americans during the Black Hawk War of 1832 .
Jason Mantzoukas ( born December 18 , 1972 ) is an American comedic actor best known for his recurring role as Rafi in the FX comedy series The League and his role in The Dictator .
Debra Searles is the professional name for an Australian theoretical chemist whose married name is Debra Bernhardt .
Mark A. Gabriel , is a writer on Islamic affairs who lives in the United States .
Lokelani McMichael is an American triathlete , surfer and model .
Amy Tryon ( February 24 , 1970 -- April 12 , 2012 ) was an American equestrian .
Rey Alejandro Conde Valdivia is a Mexican conductor who has conducted the Orquesta Sinfónica de Xalapa ( OSX ) since 1977 .
David Max Eichhorn ( January 6 , 1906 -- July 16 , 1986 ) was an American rabbi of Reform Judaism , a director for Hillel , a chaplain in the Army , an author , and an authority within Reform Judaism on the subjects of interfaith marriage and religious conversion .
Taj Matthews ( born March 24 , 1976 in San Antonio , Texas ) is an American journalist , entrepreneur , author of Grandpa was a Preacher :
Philippe Ramos ( born in 1966 ) is a French film director , screenwriter and film editor .
Rohan Browne is an Australian dancer , actor and singer , who has played various roles in a number of notable productions .
Walter Nalangu ( ? -- April 27 , 2013 ) was a Solomon Islander journalist and news editor .
Michelle Ekizian ( born November 21 , 1956 ) is an American composer of Armenian heritage .
Theodora Mead Abel ( 1899 - -1998 ) was an American clinical psychologist and educator , who used innovative ideas by combining sociology and psychology .
Thomas Coraghessan Boyle , also known as T. C. Boyle and T. Coraghessan Boyle ( born December 2 , 1948 ) , is an American novelist and short story writer .
Ilie Lazăr ( born December 12 , 1895 , Giulești , Maramureș County - d. November 6 , 1976 Cluj - Napoca ) was a Romanian jurist and politician , leader of the National Peasants ' Party in the interwar period was also the right hand of Iuliu Maniu .
David Bar Katz is an American screenwriter , playwright , author and director .
Charles William Appleton ( November 9 , 1874 -- January 10 , 1945 ) , was the vice president of the General Electric Company and was a former United States magistrate judge and an Assistant District Attorney in New York City .
Jill Hutchison ( born March 8 , 1945 ) is an American retired women 's basketball coach , having served as head coach for 28 seasons at Illinois State .
Janet Ellen Morgan is an expressionist artist , working in landscape and figurative genres , with additional experience in book illustration and theatrical design .
Bruce Wolfe ( born March 29 , 1941 in Santa Monica , California ) , is a sculptor , artist , illustrator , and designer , known for producing sculptures of and for many notable figures .
Randy Spears ( born June 18 , 1961 ) , sometimes credited as Greg Ory or Greg Slavin , is a former American pornographic actor and director who has appeared in numerous adult feature films .
Hiroyuki Iwatsuki ( 岩月 博之 ) ( born 1970 ) is a Japanese video game music composer who has contributed to the soundtracks of Ninja Warriors , Pocky & Rocky , and Omega Five .
The poet Venantius Fortunatus and the bishop , hagiographer , and historian , Gregory of Tours , were close friends with Radegund and wrote extensively about her .
Maysoon Pachachi ( born September 17 , 1947 ) is a film director , editor and producer of Iraqi origin .
Phillip Michael Pacetti is an American musician active in the 1990s to present .
Henry Belasyse , 2nd Earl Fauconberg ( 13 April 1742 - 23 March 1802 ) was a British peer and politician .
Gustavo Mohme Llona ( 1930 - -2000 ) was a Peruvian businessman , engineer , journalist and politician .
Myron Kowalsky ( born July 11 , 1941 ) is a retired Canadian politician , teacher , and former Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan .
Kavya Shetty is an Indian film actress and model .
Sam Freed ( born August 29 , 1948 ) is an American actor who has performed on Broadway and television and in movies .
Keiichiro Yamamiya ( born July 12 , 1972 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist , who is perhaps best known for his long career in Pancrase .
Nathan Darrow ( born June 21 , 1976 ) is an American actor known for his role as Secret Service agent Edward Meechum in House of Cards .
Tom Cunliffe ( born 1946/1947 ) is a British yachting journalist , author and broadcaster .
Frederick A. Schroeder ( March 9 , 1833 -- December 1 , 1899 ) was an American industrialist and politician of German descent .
Lorenzo Antonio ( born Lorenzo Antonio Sánchez Pohl , in Albuquerque , New Mexico , United States , on October 3 , 1969 ) , is a singer and songwriter of Latin ( Mexican ) origin , who is known and recognized in Mexico and Latin America , where he has sold millions of records .
William Sydney Porter ( September 11 , 1862 -- June 5 , 1910 ) , known by his pen name O. Henry , was an American short story writer .
Skip Bolen is a Southern photographer of musicians , architecture , lifestyle and the culture of New Orleans .
Isaac ben Joseph of Corbeil ( d.1280 ) ( Hebrew : יצחק בן יוסף מקורבי``ל‎ ) was a French rabbi and Tosafist who flourished in the second half of the thirteenth century .
Rick Baxter is a businessman and politician from the U.S. state of Michigan .
Tina Keane ( born 1940 ) is an artist who works with film , video , digital media , and performance and who has been a forerunner of multimedia art in the UK .
Erik Seidel ( born November 6 , 1959 ) is an American professional poker player from Las Vegas , Nevada , who has won eight World Series of Poker bracelets and a World Poker Tour title .
Mark Zaslove is an American television and film writer , prominent in animation and entertainment for general audiences .
Robert Varkonyi ( born 1961 ) is an American poker player , best known for winning the main event of the 2002 World Series of Poker .
Tasman Higgins ( 1888 - 1953 ) was an Australian cinematographer during the early days of the Australian film industry , working for such directors as Charles Chauvel , Raymond Longford , Beaumont Smith , Louise Lovely and Rupert Kathner .
Juozas Zikaras ( November 18 , 1881 -- November 10 , 1944 ) was a Lithuanian sculptor and artist , who created the design for pre - war Lithuanian litas coins .
D.C. Minner ( January 28 , 1935 -- May 6 , 2008 ) was an American blues musician , teacher , and philosopher who was known for sharing music with children and adults alike throughout Oklahoma and beyond .
The series follows Sue Barton through her nurse 's training and her work life .
Majid Beheshti ( Persian : مجید بهشتی‎‎ born 22 October 1955 ) , actor , film producer , and theater director , has acted in various Television series .
Helmut Wimmer was a painter who , as the staff artist for New York 's Hayden Planetarium from 1954 to 1987 , created representations of cosmic vistas which were used during the planetarium shows .
Panagiotis Kouroumblis ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Κουρουμπλής ; born 2 October 1951 ) is a Greek politician of Syriza .
Pinky Mitchell was an American boxer who became the first champion in the light welterweight division by receiving the most votes by balot on November 15 , 1922 .
Vanitha Rangaraju - Ramanan ( born 1970 ) is an Indian animator who works for DreamWorks Animation .
Pádraig O'Driscoll is a Dublin senior hurler at Lucan Sarsfields .
Helmut Ulm ( born June 21 , 1908 in Gelsenkirchen ; died June 13 , 1975 ) was a German mathematician who established the classification of countable periodic abelian groups by means of their Ulm invariants .
Rafael Lucas Rodríguez Caballero ( San Ramón , March 24 , 1915 - January 29 , 1981 ) was a Costa Rican biologist , botanist , and artist known for his drawings of Costa Rican wildlife .
Daniel Sackheim is an American television and film director , producer and photographer .
Deborah Jowitt is an American dance critic , author , and choreographer .
Ronnie Lee Cunningham is a keyboard player and singer and former member of the 1970s rock band LAW .
Mahmud Esad Coşan was a Turkish academic author , preacher , professor of Islam and Naqshbandi leader .
George Moresby - White was a British playwright and screenwriter .
Margaret Hill McCarter ( May 2 , 1860 -- August 31 , 1938 ) was an American teacher and novelist .
Chris McCarrell ( born January 9 , 1991 ) is an American theater and television actor .
Ninot le Petit ( also Johannes Parvi ) ( fl . ca . 1500 -- 1520 ) was a French composer of the Renaissance , probably associated with the French royal chapel .
Critic James Reed of the Boston Globe wrote in a review of Beautiful Yesterday that `` there 's no logical reason why singer - songwriter Dayna Kurtz is not a full - blown star '' .
Antoniazzo Romano , born Antonio di Benedetto Aquilo degli Aquili ( c. 1430 -- c. 1510 ) was an Italian Early Renaissance painter , the leading figure of the Roman school during the 15th century .
Athalya Brenner - Idan ( born 17 July , 1943 in Haifa , Israel ) is a Dutch - Israeli biblical scholar .
Peter Adolphus McIntyre ( July 19 , 1840 -- July 16 , 1910 ) was a Canadian politician , public servant , physician and coroner .
Thomas Wiseman ( born Alphons Weissmann , Vienna , 1931 ) is a British author , playwright and screenwriter .
Peter O'Hagan was an Irish Nationalist politician who sat as a Social Democratic and Labour Party ( SDLP ) Councillor on Lisburn City Council .
Monty Kip Sopp ( born November 11 , 1963 ) , better known by his ring name Billy Gunn , is an American professional wrestler and former professional bull rider .
Van Heflin ( December 13 , 1908 -- July 23 , 1971 ) was an American theatre , radio and film actor .
Sebastião Afonso Viana Macedo Neves , better known as Tião Viana ( Rio Branco , February 9 , 1961 ) , is a doctor and Brazilian politician .
Carlos Garnett ( born December 1 , 1938 ) is a Panamanian - American jazz saxophonist , composer , arranger , and jazz group leader .
Donald Lipski ( born May 21 , 1947 ) is an American sculptor best known for his installation work and large - scale public works .
William Bendix ( January 14 , 1906 -- December 14 , 1964 ) was an American film , radio , and television actor , who typically played rough , blue - collar characters .
Gary Lautens ( November 3 , 1928 - February 1 , 1992 ) was a Canadian humourist and newspaper columnist .
Anthony Forde ( born July 6 , 1962 ) is a Barbadian darts player .
Chad Faust ( born July 14 , 1980 ) is a Canadian actor , singer , film producer , film director and screenwriter , best known for his role as Kyle Baldwin in The 4400 .
Abi Ekoku ( born 13 April 1966 ) is a former track and field athlete in both Discus and Shot put , as well as a former rugby league player , who is now a director at international property group Candelisa Resorts .
Albert Butler is an American politician who is currently a Mississippi state senator .
Carl Quintanilla ( born September 10 , 1970 in Midland , Michigan ) is an American journalist working for CNBC .
Henry Clay Frick II ( October 18 , 1919 -- February 9 , 2007 ) was an American physician and professor of medicine at the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons .
Mark Illsley ( born June 4 , 1958 ) is a film director best known for writing and directing the film Happy , Texas , which starred William H. Macy and Steve Zahn , and directing Bookies .
Simon Emmett is an English portrait photographer based in London , mostly known for his celebrity portraits and beauty photography .
Crafton Wallace ( born April 15 , 1972 ) is an American mixed martial artist who currently competes as a middleweight .
Leonardo Cimino ( November 4 , 1917 -- March 3 , 2012 ) was an American film , television and stage actor who in 1937 appeared in the original stage production of Marc Blitzstein 's The Cradle Will Rock .
Dave Owen ( born April 25 , 1958 in Cleburne , Texas ) , is a former professional baseball player who played infielder in the Major Leagues from 1983 - 1988 .
Todd Barranger ( born October 19 , 1968 ) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour , Asian Tour and the Nationwide Tour .
David Liptak ( born December 18 , 1949 in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , USA ) is a composer and music teacher living in Rochester , New York .
Johannes Buchner is a German biochemist and professor at the Technische Universität München ( TUM ) , Munich , Germany .
Stefan Niementowski ( August 4 , 1866 -- July 13 , 1925 was a Polish chemist . He discovered the Niementowski quinoline synthesis and the Niementowski quinazoline synthesis . He was a president of Polish Copernicus Society of Naturalists ( 1920 - -22 ) .
Horace Mann ( May 4 , 1796 -- August 2 , 1859 ) was an American politician and educational reformer .
Lynn Picknett is a writer , researcher , and lecturer on the paranormal , the occult , and historical and religious mysteries .
Nicolas Petrou is a Cypriot - American fashion designer and couturier based in New York City .
Lee Kwang - moon ( Hangul : 이광문 ; hanja : 李光紋 , born August 4 , 1983 ) is a South Korean rugby union player .
Cofounder in 1988 of the group of interuniversity investigation Step ( Andalusian Poetry of the Century of Gold ) , directed by the professor Begoña López Well , chair of Spanish Literature of the University of Seville , Pedro Ruiz Pérez is director of the group of investigation PHEBO ( Hispanic Poetry of the Low Baroque ) .
Alexandra Rozenman is a contemporary Russian - American artist , active in the fields of painting , graphics , and book illustration .
Peveril Meigs , III , ( May 5 , 1903-September 16 , 1979 ) was an American geographer , notable for his studies of arid lands on several continents and in particular for his work on the native peoples and early missions of northern Baja California , Mexico .
Huang Lei ( Chinese : 黄磊 ; pinyin : Huáng Lĕi ) is a Chinese actor , director , singer , screenwriter , and model .
Reynaldo Guerra Garza ( July 7 , 1915 -- September 14 , 2004 ) was a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit .
Simon Naylor is an English film , stage and television actor .
Margo Edmunds is an American health policy researcher , strategy consultant , educator , and writer who began her clinical career in disease management at Johns Hopkins Hospital .
K. R. Arjunan ( born 1961 in Ooty ) is a politician .
Mervyn Connaughton is a hurler from County Roscommon , Ireland .
Kenn Duncan ( September 22 , 1928 - July 27 , 1986 ) was an American dance photographer .
Édika is the nom de plume of Édouard Karali , a French comics artist , born December 17 , 1940 in Heliopolis , Egypt , who is renowned for his distinctively absurd style .
Viktor Gertler ( August 24 , 1901 -- July 5 , 1969 ) was a Hungarian film editor and director active between the 1930s and 1960s .
José Mariano Hernández or Joseph Marion Hernández ( May 26 , 1788 -- June 8 , 1857 ) was an American politician , plantation owner , and soldier .
Ann Burton ( March 4 , 1933 , Amsterdam -- November 29 , 1989 , Amsterdam ) is the pseudonym of Johanna Rafalowicz ( between 1938 and 1971 : Johanna de Paauw ) , a Dutch jazz singer .
Trygve Nagell ( July 13 , 1895 , Oslo -- January 24 , 1988 , Uppsala ) was a Norwegian mathematician , known for his works on the Diophantine equations within number theory .
Dur Mohammad Kassi ( Pashto : د ر محمد کاسئی ‎ ) is a television producer and documentary filmmaker .
Reza Attaran ( born 1968 ) is an Iranian actor and director .
Don Kottmann is a painter dividing his time between Kansas City , Missouri and Calgary , Alberta .
Alexander Garnet Brown ( May 2 , 1930 -- January 7 , 2010 ) , known as Garnet Brown , was a Canadian businessman and politician who served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1969 to 1978 .
Chandler Massey ( born September 10 , 1990 ) is an American actor , best known for his portrayal of Will Horton on the daytime soap opera Days of Our Lives .
Barbara Ann Marshall ( born November 27 , 1957 ) is an American former swimmer and former world record - holder .
Kerri Kenney - Silver ( born January 20 , 1970 ) is an American actress , comedian , singer and writer best known as a cast member on MTV 's The State and for her role as Deputy Trudy Wiegel on the Comedy Central series Reno 911!.
Scott Newcomer ( August 12 , 1965 ) is a Wisconsin legislator and politician .
Eddie Hasha ( died September 8 , 1912 ) was an American motorcycle racer on board tracks early in the twentieth century .
Carl Summers ( born November 22 , 1943 ) , known by his stage name Carl Rogel , is an American singer , songwriter , and producer .
Dean Hawkes is a British architect and award - winning academic .
Dave Pensado is a Grammy Award - winning mix engineer .
Ludy T. Benjamin , Jr. , PhD ( born December 26 , 1945 ) is an American psychologist and historian of psychology .
Christian Wilhelm Berger ( born 13 June 1964 in Bucharest ) is a Romanian composer , organist , and a Lecturer at the Bucharest Academy .
Ramjeevan is an Indian film composer and musician in the Tamil Film Industry
Arturo Azcorra ( born November 8 , 1962 , in Santurce , Spain ) is a Spanish computer scientist and telecommunications engineer , who is recognized as a pioneer of internet and network science research in Spain , as well as a promoter of telematics as a scientific and academic discipline born from the integration of telecommunications and informatics .
Miklós Bóna ( born on October 6 , 1967 , in Székesfehérvár ) is an American mathematician of Hungarian origin .
Mrs W. H. Foley , baptised Catherine Huggins in Louth , Lincolnshire , England , in early 1821 , made a name for herself as actor , singer , director and manager .
Adam Huntsman ( February 11 , 1786 - August 23 , 1849 ) was an American lawyer and politician who represented Tennessee 's twelfth district in the United States House of Representatives from 1835 to 1837 .
Alexandra Podryadova is a Kazakhstani judoka from Shymkent who competes in the women 's 48 kg category .
Louis Pinkerton is a North Dakota Democratic - NPL Party politician who represented the 5th district in the North Dakota House of Representatives from 2007 - 2011 .
James Gunn ( born August 5 , 1970 ) is an American screenwriter , director , producer , novelist , actor , and musician .
Wendy Macpherson is an American ten - pin bowler .
Catte Adams is an American singer / songwriter who has toured or recorded with artists such as Bill Medley , Neil Young , Natalie Cole , Chaka Khan , and appears on Yanni 's live concert video , Tribute .
Claudia Bär ( April 9 , 1980 -- September 28 , 2015 ) was a German slalom canoer who competed from the mid-1990s until 2015 .
Bindeshwari Prasad Sinha , popularly known as B. P. Sinha , was an Indian archaeologist and historian specialising in ancient Indian history .
Akiba ben Judah Loeb was a German rabbi , who lived in Lehren - Steinsfeld , Württemberg , at the beginning of the eighteenth century .
Alexander Massialas ( born April 20 , 1994 ) is an American foil fencer , team silver medallist in the 2014 World Fencing Championships .
George Nozuka ( born April 28 , 1986 , in New York ) is a Canadian - American R&B singer of mixed Caucasian and Japanese descent .
Natty is a songwriter , singer and musician from Finsbury Park , North London .
Blanche Satchel ( born c. 1908 , date of death unknown ) was an Australian dancer who appeared in the Ziegfeld Follies and Earl Carroll 's Vanities .
Geoffrey Lower ( born March 19 , 1963 ) is an American actor known for playing Reverend Timothy Johnson on Dr. Quinn , Medicine Woman .
Anacharsis ( /ˌænəˈkɑrsɪs/ ; Greek : Ἀνάχαρσις ) was a Scythian philosopher who travelled from his homeland on the northern shores of the Black Sea to Athens in the early 6th century BC and made a great impression as a forthright , outspoken `` barbarian '' .
Antonio Vite was a fourteenth century Italian painter of the early 15th century .
Bernardo Pisano ( also Pagoli ) ( October 12 , 1490 -- January 23 , 1548 ) was an Italian composer , priest , singer , and scholar of the Renaissance .
Vikram Bhagvandas Mehta ( August 15 , 1946 -- June 4 , 2014 ) has been an Indian mathematician who worked on algebraic geometry and vector bundles .
Alfred E. Johnson was an anthropologist and archaeologist at the University of Kansas .
Masaki Nishizawa ( born February 22 , 1972 ) is a Japanese mixed martial artist .
Flora Buka is a Zimbabwean politician and Minister of State for Special Affairs Responsible for Land and Resettlement Programme .
Bernadette Peters ( born Bernadette Lazzara ; February 28 , 1948 ) is an American actress , singer and children 's book author .
Josep Maria Pons Irazazábal ( April 12 , 1948 , Palma ) is a Spanish diplomat .
Dexter Edge ( born in Tacoma , Washington , 20 January 1953 ) is an American musicologist .
Dorothy Schiff ( March 11 , 1903 - August 30 , 1989 ) was an owner and then publisher of the New York Post for nearly 40 years .
Louise Brann was an American painter who worked in the Federal Art Project during the New Deal .
Taarak Mehta is an Indian columnist , humorist , writer and playwright who is best known for the column Duniya Na Undha Chasma in the Gujarati language .
Paul Poulton is a British singer - songwriter , guitarist and writer .
Giovanni Battista Brevi ( Bergamo , ca . 1650 ; Milan , after 1725 ) was an Italian Baroque composer .
Andrew Neiderman ( born October 26 , 1940 in Brooklyn , N.Y. ) , is a best - selling American novelist .
Dr Helen Geake is an archaeologist who was one of the key members of Channel 4 's popular and long - running archaeology series Time Team , presented by Tony Robinson , along with Mick Aston and Phil Harding .
Ruthe Katherine Pearlman ( June 30 , 1913 -- January 30 , 2007 ) was an American painter , art propagandist , art educator and philanthropist .
Salim Yusuf ( born November 26 , 1952 ) is an Indian - born Canadian physician , the Marion W. Burke Chair in Cardiovascular Disease at McMaster University Medical School and currently the President of the World Heart Federation , a world - renowned cardiologist and epidemiologist .
Paul Bowes ( died 1702 ) , was the editor of D'Ewes 's ' Journals .
Federico Barbaro , S.D.B. ( February 18 , 1913 February 29 , 1996 ) , was an Italian missionary in Japan , of the congregation of the Salesians of Don Bosco , also active as a teacher , translator and essayist .
Jana Nejedly ( born June 9 , 1974 as Jana Nejedlá ) is a Czech - born Canadian former professional tennis player .
Rev. Dr. Bartholomew Crotty DD , was an Irish priest and Bishop of Cloyne , who served as Rector of the Irish College at Lisbon from 1799 to 1811 and later President of Maynooth College from 1813 until 1832 .
János Thurzó ( Hungarian : Thurzó János , German : Johann T(h)urzo , Polish : Jan Turzo , Slovak : Ján T(h)urzo , April 30 , 1437 , Lőcse -- October 10 , 1508 , Nagybánya ) was a Hungarian entrepreneur and mining engineer .
Brinda Somaya is an Indian architect and urban conservationist .
Scott DuBois ( born April 27 , 1978 ) is an American jazz guitarist and composer .
Frankie Narvaez ( December 3 , 1939 -- April 15 , 2004 ) from Caguas , Puerto Rico was a Puerto Rican boxer .
David Miramant ( born May 22 , 1955 ) is an American politician and gilder pilot from Maine .
Karl Swenson ( July 23 , 1908 -- October 8 , 1978 ) was an American theatre , radio , film , and television actor .
DJ Reach began his music career as a disc jockey at the age of 13 after receiving inspiration from the movie Juice starring Omar Epps and the late hip - hop legend Tupac Shakur .
Jacqueline Gagne is an American golfer from Rancho Mirage , California .
Ian Tattersall ( born 1945 ) is a British - born American paleoanthropologist and a curator emeritus with the American Museum of Natural History in New York City , New York .
Clint Hester ( born November 21 , 1986 ) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing as a Middleweight for the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Guido Karp ( born January 23 , 1963 ) is a German music photographer .
G. Patrick Hunt ( born March 22 , 1949 ) is a Canadian politician , who served in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1978 to 1981 .
Nikita Borisoglebsky ( Russian : Никита Аркадьевич Борисоглебский ) is a Russian violinist .
Jason Gann is an Australian actor , writer , and executive producer .
Andrew Jackson Donelson ( August 25 , 1799 -- June 26 , 1871 ) was an American diplomat and a candidate for Vice President of the United States in 1856 .
Harold Ellsworth Crosby ( January 22 , 1899 -- January 12 , 1958 ) was an American architect who supervised the construction of many G. C. Murphy Co. discount department stores across the United States .
At the age of 17 , Zhang Shan Qi achieved his dream of becoming a racing driver .
Robert Voisey ( born 1969 ) is a composer and producer of electroacoustic and chamber music .
Larry Gene Heien ( born January 18 , 1937 in Mt. Olive , Illinois and died September 12 , 1991 in Singapore ) was American linguist , slavist , expert of Russian studies and Russian language teaching , also known for his interest in music .
Laurynas Ivinskis ( 1810 - 1881 ) was a Lithuanian teacher , publisher , translator and lexicographer , from a Samogitian noble family .
Traian Brăileanu ( September 14 , 1882 -- October 3 , 1947 ) was an Austro - Hungarian - born Romanian sociologist and politician .
Louise McCullough M.D. , Ph . D is a practicing vascular neurologist and associate professor who is actively engaged in stroke research at the University of Connecticut Health Center ( UCHC ) in Farmington , Connecticut in the United States .
Alexandra Stoian ( born in Bran , Brașov on August 5 , 1983 ) , previously Alexandra Rusu is a Romanian biathlete .
Jitka Hanzlová is a Czech photographer , mostly known for her portraiture .
Duris of Samos ( Greek : Δοῦρις ; c. 350 BC -- after 281 BC ) was a Greek historian and was at some period tyrant of Samos .
Germán Abad Valenzuela ( 1919 - -2008 ) was an Ecuadorian radiologist .
Clayton Patterson ( born October 9 , 1948 ) is a Canadian - born artist , photographer , videographer and folk historian .
Nise da Silveira ( February 2 , 1905 -- October 30 , 1999 ) , was a Brazilian psychiatrist , student of Carl Jung .
Claus Adam ( November 5 , 1917 -- July 4 , 1983 ) was an influential American cellist and cello teacher as well as a composer .
Hideko Takahashi is a children 's book illustrator .
Bashford Dean ( October 28 , 1867 -- December 6 , 1928 ) was an American zoologist , specializing in ichthyology , and at the same time an expert in medieval armor .
Jimmy Weldon ( born September 23 , 1923 ) is an American voice actor , ventriloquist , and former television host .
Mahmoud Wagdy ( born 1948 ) is an Egyptian politician and a former minister of interior .
Svend Olufsen was a Danish electrical engineer who co - founded Bang & Olufsen with Peter Bang .
James Michalopoulos ( born 1951 ) is an American painter , sculptor , and entrepreneur .
Dennis Reid is a Canadian curator and art historian .
Arthur Cotton Moore is an architect in Washington , D.C ..
The Blessed Christopher Bales , also spelled Christopher Bayles , alias Christopher Evers ( c.1564?--1590 ) , was an English Catholic priest and martyr .
Zack Lively ( born March 20 , 1987 ) is an American actor best known for his role as Heath on ABC Family 's GRΣΣK.
Jan Reichle is an Australian cinematographer whose credits include the feature film Jucy ( 2010 ) .
Judy Chirco is an American politician from California , currently serving on the San Jose , California City Council , representing District 9 .
Travis Milne is a Canadian actor , best known for portraying Officer Chris Diaz in the drama series Rookie Blue .
Valentin Gheorghiu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( valenˈtin ɡe̯orˈɡi.u ) ; born 21 March 1928 ) is a Romanian classical pianist and composer .
Hettige Don Rumesh Lahiru Thirimanne , known as Lahiru Thirimanne ( Sinhalese : ළහිරු තිරිමාන්න ; born 9 August 1989 ) is a professional Sri Lankan cricketer .
Between 2011 and 2015 , Mortiis ( as a band or a solo musician ) never stated that the project was on hiatus , although the last tour ended at P60 in Amstelveen ( Netherlands ) on July 8 , 2011 , with no performance , recording or releases since .
Denis Paradis , PC ( born April 1 , 1949 ) is a politician and lawyer from the Canadian province of Quebec , and currently the Member of Parliament for Brome--
Buffie Carruth ( born January 7 , 1977 ) , also known by her stage name Buffie the Body , is an American model , fitness instructor actress and writer .
Vince Frost ( Born November 1964 in Brighton , England ) is an interdisciplinary graphic designer who works across Advertising , Design , Digital , Environments and Fashion .
Jon Keeyes ( born April 5 , 1969 ) is an American film director , producer and screenwriter best known for his lower - budget horror movies .
Savina Cuéllar is a Bolivian politician , currently serving as governor of the Department of Chuquisaca .
Jeremy Stover ( February 2 , 1951 ) is an American country music songwriter and record producer .
After finishing his MA in Cultural Sciences Micha Wertheim moved to Amsterdam and started working as a freelance radio producer , writer and comedian .
Marie Tharp ( July 30 , 1920 - August 23 , 2006 ) was an American geologist and oceanographic cartographer who , in partnership with Bruce Heezen , created the first scientific map of the entire ocean floor .
Abie Bain ( August 10 , 1906 -- April 9 , 1993 ) was a rated Jewish Middleweight boxer from Newark , New Jersey .
Jehoshua Rozenman ( יהושע רוזנמן , born June 21 , 1955 in Tel Aviv , Israel ) is a Dutch / Israeli sculptor .
Long Boret or Long Boreth ( January 3 , 1933 -- April 17 , 1975 ) was a Cambodian politician who served as Prime Minister of the Khmer Republic from December 26 , 1973 to April 17 , 1975 .
Matt Knudsen ( born March 10 , 1957 ) is an American actor and boom operator .
Pablo César Cano García ( born October 4 , 1989 ) is a Mexican professional boxer and former WBA interim super lightweight champion .
Lois Aileen Bey ( born May 8 , 1929 ) is an American chemical engineer who overcame overt sexism throughout her lifetime .
Sterling Fox ( born Brandon Lowry in Stoystown , Pennsylvania ) is an American songwriter , record producer and recording artist .
Cheryl Ladd ( born Cheryl Jean Stoppelmoor ; July 12 , 1951 ) is an American actress , singer and author .
James W. Maney ( January 3 , 1862 -- July 13 , 1945 ) was an American engineer and railroad contractor during the late 19th and early 20th century .
Manasa Tugia is a former Fijian politician , who served as Deputy Speaker of the House of Representatives from 2005 to 2006 , and as Chairman of Parliament 's Justice , Law , and Order Committee .
Inna Ryzhykh ( Ukrainian Інна Володимирівна Рижих ; born 15 November 1985 in Dnipropetrovsk , Ukrainian Дніпропетровськ ) is a professional Ukrainian triathlete , silver medalist at the Ukrainian Championships 2010 , and a permanent member of the National Team .
Yusuf Maitama Sule is a Nigerian politician , acclaimed orator and diplomat .
Joseph D. Ward ( March 26 , 1914 -- May 10 , 2003 ) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Secretary of the Commonwealth from January 1959 to January 1961 .
Francis Scott Key ( August 1 , 1779 -- January 11 , 1843 ) was an American lawyer , author , and amateur poet , from Georgetown , Washington , D.C. who wrote the lyrics to the United States ' national anthem , `` The Star - Spangled Banner '' .
Mark Pinter ( born March 7 , 1950 ) is an American actor probably best known for his numerous roles in daytime soap operas .
Charles W. Watson ( August 30 , 1915 in Guelph , Ontario , Canada -- April 20 , 2002 in Kaneohe , Hawaii ) , also known as Chuck Watson is an American sculptor .
Craig Edward Dykers is an American architect and founding partner of the architecture firm , Snøhetta .
Elizabeth Calabrese is an American Democratic Party politician , who has served on the Bergen County Board of Chosen Freeholders from 2004 to 2010 .
Siôn ap Hywel ( fl . c.1490 - 1532 ) was a Welsh language poet .
John Wistar Simpson ( 25 September 1914 -- January 4 , 2007 ) was an electrical engineer , who made significant contributions to the development of the nuclear energy .
Héctor Cavallero ( born October 2 , 1939 ) , nicknamed El Tigre ( `` The Tiger '' ) is an Argentine politician , who was mayor of Rosario and a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies for the Province of Santa Fe .
Dave Babcock is a Canadian saxophonist , singer , bandleader and producer who is originally from Vancouver , British Columbia .
Gheorghe Funar ( Romanian pronunciation : ( ˈɡe̯orɡe ˈfunar ) ; born September 29 , 1949 in Sânnicolau Mare ) is a nationalist Romanian politician , who rose to fame as mayor of Cluj - Napoca between 1992 and 2004
Toby Haynes is a British television director , notable for his work on Doctor Who , Five Days , Being Human and M.I. High .
Jože Mencinger ( born 5 March 1941 ) is a Slovenian lawyer , economist , and politician .
William Cook Hanson ( May 14 , 1909 -- June 6 , 1995 ) was a United States federal judge on the United States District Court for the Northern and Southern Districts of Iowa .
Frederick Tennyson Congdon ( November 16 , 1858 - March 13 , 1932 ) was a Canadian politician , lawyer , and served as the Yukon 's fourth Commissioner .
Josh Logan is a singer - songwriter , vocalist and guitarist best known for his performances on the television shows Rock Star :
Federico Casagrande is an Italian jazz guitarist .
Abie Philbin Bowman is an Irish comedian and journalist .
Rose Mary Woods ( December 26 , 1917 -- January 22 , 2005 ) was Richard Nixon 's secretary from his days in Congress in 1951 , through the end of his political career .
Jan Swafford ( born September 10 , 1946 ) is an American composer and author .
Richard Earl Thompson ( September 26 , 1914 -- August 6 , 1991 ) was a 20th - century American Impressionist painter who began his career as a commercial illustrator in Chicago , Illinois .
Sebastian Claude Ridley was an organist , pianist , and composer born in West Derby , Liverpool , Lancashire in December 31 , 1853 .
Cynthia Eagle Russett ( Feb. 1 , 1937 - Dec. 5 , 2013 ) was an American historian , noted for her studies of 19th century American intellectual history , and women and gender .
Earl Boen ( /ˈboʊᵻn/ ; born November 7 , 1945 ) is an American actor and voice actor .
Walter Ulfig was a German composer of film scores .
Bahram Muzaffer ( born August 4 , 1986 in Fergana , Uzbekistan ) is a Turkish amateur boxer competing in the light - heavyweight division .
Aaron Himelstein ( born October 10 , 1985 ) is an American actor who is perhaps best known for playing a younger version of Austin Powers in Austin Powers in Goldmember and Friedman , Luke Girardi 's best friend , in Joan of Arcadia .
Richard Cassirer ( April 23 , 1868 -- August 20 , 1925 ) was a German neurologist born into a Jewish family in Breslau .
Nimrod Megiddo ( Hebrew : נמרוד מגידו‎ ) is a mathematician and computer scientist .
James C. Hawthorne ( March 12 , 1819 -- February 15 , 1881 , commonly known as J.C. Hawthorne ) was an American physician and politician in the states of California and Oregon .
Dr. Richárd Hörcsik ( born December 23 , 1955 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) for Sátoraljaújhely ( Borsod - Abaúj - Zemplén County Constituency X then V ) since 1998 .
Natividad Betty Veizaga Siles ( Vacas , Cochabamba , 1957 ) is a Bolivian folk music musician .
Roman Kejžar ( born February 11 , 1966 in Kranj ) is a Slovenian long - distance and marathon runner .
Peter Sloss is a Scottish meteorologist and broadcaster currently working for BBC Scotland .
Johannes Wildner ( born 1956 ) is an Austrian conductor , conducting professor , and former member violinist with the Vienna Philharmonic .
Leif Kobbelt ( born December 12 , 1966 in Cologne ) is a German university professor for Computer Science with a specialization in Computer Graphics .
Fiona Boyes is an Australian blues musician .
Paul Revere ( /rɪˈvɪər/ ; December 21 , 1734 O.S. -- May 10 , 1818 ) was an American silversmith , engraver , early industrialist , and a Patriot in the American Revolution .
Anne Clark Martindell ( July 18 , 1914 -- June 11 , 2008 ) was an American Democratic Party politician from New Jersey , as well as a diplomat who served as United States Ambassador to New Zealand from 1979 to 1981 .
George Elliott Hagan ( May 24 , 1916 -- December 26 , 1990 ) was an American politician , businessman and farmer and a Democrat .
Andriy Sirovatchenko is a Paralympic swimmer from Ukraine competing mainly in category S9 events .
Rosa García García ( Madrid , January 17 , 1965 ) , is a Spanish mathematician and executive .
Sara Pothaar ( born June 26 , 1978 in Kingston , Ontario ) is a professional Canadian beach volleyball player .
Sam Jaffe ( March 10 , 1891 -- March 24 , 1984 ) was an American actor , teacher , musician , and engineer .
Lucia Chiavola Birnbaum is a Sicilian American feminist cultural historian .
Kuan Bi - ling ( Chinese : 管碧玲 ; pinyin : Guǎn Bìlíng ) is a Taiwanese politician .
William Samuel Verplanck Junior ( January 16 , 1916 in Plainfield , New Jersey -- September 30 , 2002 in Knoxville , Tennessee ) was an American psychologist .
Arjan Singh ( born August 12 , 1974 ) , known by the stage name Arj Barker , is an American stand - up comedian and actor from San Anselmo , California .
Dr. Dietrich Stephan , Ph.D. ( born August 25 , 1969 ) is an American human geneticist and entrepreneur who works in personalized medicine .
Raised in and around automobile racing , Jean - Louis Trintignant was the natural choice of film director Claude Lelouch for the starring role of race car driver in the 1966 film , A Man and a Woman .
Rimi Tomy is an Indian playback singer , television host , and actress .
Gavriil Kharitonovich Popov ( Russian : Гаврии́л Харито́нович Попо́в ; born 1936 ) is a Russian politician and economist .
Sheilah Beckett ( September 5 , 1913 - November 17 , 2013 ) was an American illustrator , known for her work on the Little Golden Books series .
Olof B. Widlund , born 1938 , is a Swedish - American mathematician .
Thomas A. Gardiner ( August 2 , 1832 New York City -- May 2 , 1881 Brooklyn , Kings County , New York ) was an American politician from New York .
Monica Rich Kosann is a fine art black - and - white photographer , who is also the founder of the Monica Rich Kosann a , jewelry , home decor and accessory company .
Robert MacNaughton ( born December 19 , 1966 ) is an American actor , best known for his role as Elliott 's brother Michael in E.T. the Extra - Terrestrial , for which he won a 1982 Young Artist Award as Best Young Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture .
David Kagen ( born September 27 , 1948 ) is an American film and television actor , best known for playing Sheriff Michael Garris in Friday the 13th Part VI :
Du Jun ( simplified Chinese : 杜军 ; traditional Chinese : 杜軍 ; pinyin : Dù Jūn ) is a Chinese businessman and financier with origins in Beijing .
Donald Mahwetša Laka ( born 15 December 1958 in Mamelodi , Pretoria ) , professionally known as Don Laka , is a South African jazz musician , pianist , songwriter , music producer and entrepreneur .
Jordan Levy ( November 4 , 1943 ) is an American Democratic politician and talk radio host from Worcester , Massachusetts .
Corey Rodriguez is a retired professional super welterweight boxer from Minneapolis , Minnesota .
Timothy J. O'Connor , Jr. ( born December 13 , 1936 ) is a retired Vermont lawyer and politician who served as Speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives .
Ray Dolan was an Irish singer - songwriter and guitarist .
Steve Faber is a screenwriter best known for his work in the movie Wedding Crashers .
Inez James ( November 15 , 1919 -- December 19 , 1993 ) , also known as Inez James Walden , was an American composer working mostly in the motion picture industry .
Maximilian Spinola ( Italian : Massimiliano Spinola ; July 10 , 1780 -- November 12 , 1857 ) was an Italian entomologist .
Dawn Duke considers Maria Firmina dos Reis , together with Cuban writer María Dámasa Jova Baró , `` as eminent precursors to a distinguished line of subsequent women writers '' in the Afro - Latin American context .
Dustin Hunter ( born Dustin Alexander Hunter , aka dustyohunter ) is an American artist , singer - songwriter , make - up artist , blogger and entrepreneur .
Michael Cudlitz ( born December 29 , 1964 ) is an American actor , known for portraying John Cooper on the TNT drama series Southland , Sergeant Denver `` Bull '' Randleman on the HBO miniseries Band of Brothers , and Sergeant Abraham Ford on the AMC horror series The Walking Dead .
Bulaimu Muwanga Kibirige , commonly known as BMK , is a Ugandan businessman , entrepreneur , and hotel owner .
Mariam McGlone ( January 20 , 1916 -- May 19 , 2008 ) was an American dancer , dance critic , and educator .
Wang Xiaoshuai ( simplified Chinese : 王小帅 ; traditional Chinese : 王小帥 ; pinyin : Wáng Xiăoshuài ; born May 22 , 1966 ) is a Chinese film director , screenwriter and occasional actor .
Julianne Tarroja ( born February 1 , 1983 ) , sometimes professionally billed as Julianne , is a Filipina singer - songwriter .
Jeffrey D. Brown is an American film / television director film producer and screenwriter .
Simon Ludders is an English film and television actor , writer and director .
James Joicey , 1st Baron Joicey ( 4 April 1846 -- 21 November 1936 ) was a coal mining magnate from Durham and a British Liberal Party politician .
Tako Hajo Jelgersma ( October 29 , 1702 in Harlingen -- March 24 , 1795 in Haarlem ) , was an 18th - century Dutch painter .
Elias Durand ( January 25 , 1794 -- August 15 , 1873 ) , born Élie Magloire Durand , was an American pharmacist and botanist .
Richard Treat Williams ( born December 1 , 1951 ) is a Golden Globe and Emmy award - nominated American actor and children 's book author who has appeared on film , stage and television .
Joseph Henry Scattergood ( January 26 , 1877 -- June 15 , 1953 ) was an American cricketer , active in the late 19th and early 20th centuries .
Jeffrey Kluger ( born 1954 ) is a senior writer at Time Magazine and author of nine books on various topics , such as The Narcissist Next Door ( 2014 ) ;
Maury Finney ( born in Humboldt , Minnesota ) is an American country music saxophonist .
Daboo Malik , born Israr Sardaar Malik , was a Indian music director , composer , singer , actor and scriptwriter in the Hindi film industry .
Thessalus of Tralles ( fl . circa 70 - 95 AD ) was a famous Roman physician and early adherent to the Methodic school of medicine .
Henry Helm Clayton ( 1861 - -1946 ) was an American meteorologist and weather forecaster .
Abdirahman Yabarow ( Somali : Cabdiraxmaan Yabarow , Arabic : عبد الرحمن يابارو‎ ) is a Somali journalist .
Hrvoje Kraljević ( born March 16 , 1944 ) is Croatian mathematician and a former politician .
Ingrid Lieten ( born 20 April 1964 , Hasselt ) is a Flemish politician and currently Minister for Innovation , Public Investment , Media and Poverty Reduction in the Flemish Government for the Socialist Party --
Melvin D. Close , Jr. ( born April 24 , 1934 ) , was an American politician who was a Democratic member of the Nevada General Assembly .
Kenneth N. Beers , M.D. is an American medical doctor who served as a NASA flight surgeon during the Project Gemini and Apollo Program eras .
Mehdi Vaez - Iravani is an Iranian scientist , engineer and inventor involved in the invention of Shear - force microscopy .
Norihiro Tsuru ( 都留教博)is a Japanese violinist and composer .
Ken Corday ( Kenneth Robert Corday ) ( born June 16 , 1950 ) is an American television soap opera producer and music composer .
P. Folsom was the head coach of the University of Maine 's football team in 1895 and compiled a 1 - -4 record .
Martin Lüscher ( born August 3 , 1949 in Bern ) is a Swiss theoretical physicist , who works primarily on numerical quantum chromodynamics ( lattice field theory ) .
Luzio Dolci or Lucio Dolce was a late-16th century Italian painter active in Castel Durante in the Province of Pesaro and Urbino in the Region of the Marche .
Esther Lewis , born at Efail - y - Banc , Rhydargaeau , Carmarthenshire , Wales , was a missionary in India .
Jeff Barry ( born Joel Adelberg , April 3 , 1938 , Brooklyn , New York ) is an American pop music songwriter , singer , and record producer .
Eudemus of Rhodes ( Greek : Εὔδημος ) was an ancient Greek philosopher , considered the first historian of science , who lived from c. 370 BC until c. 300 BC . He was one of Aristotle 's most important pupils , editing his teacher 's work and making it more easily accessible .
Tom Shaner is an American songwriter and musician , performer , director , and writer based in New York City .
Tom Rush ( born February 8 , 1941 ) is an American folk and blues singer , songwriter , musician and recording artist .
Charles Henry Mills ( January 29 , 1873 -- July 23 , 1937 ) was an English - American composer and director of the University of Wisconsin--
Tim Schrick ( born January 20 , 1976 ) is a German racecar driver and television presenter .
Jonás Cuarón is a Mexican film director , screenwriter , producer , editor and cinematographer .
Fay Presto ( the stage name of Letitia Winter.17 May 1948 ) who is known as a magician and a member of The Inner Magic Circle .
Joseph E. Bates ( May 5 , 1837 -- September 22 , 1900 ) was an American politician who served on the city council and as mayor .
Anton Julius Carlson ( January 29 , 1875 -- September 2 , 1956 ) was a Swedish American physiologist .
Felix Slatkin ( December 22 , 1915 -- February 8 , 1963 ) was an American violinist and conductor .
Mary Rockwell Hook ( September 8 , 1877 -- September 8 , 1978 ) was an American architect and a pioneer for women in architecture .
Aimé Venel ( born May 8 , 1950 ) is a French painter and drawer who focuses on figurative and symbolist style .
Bibi Russell is a Bangladeshi fashion designer and former international model .
Michael J. Deas ( born 1956 ) is an American painter and illustrator .
Teuta Arifi ( Macedonian : Теута Арифи ) is a Macedonian politician of Albanian origin .
Saunders Terrell ( October 24 , 1911 -- March 11 , 1986 ) , known as Sonny Terry , was a blind American Piedmont blues musician .
Jehane Noujaim ( Egyptian Arabic : چيهان نچيم , IPA : ( ʒeˈhæːn nʊˈʒeːm ) ) is an Egyptian American documentary film director best known for her films Control Room , Startup.com , Pangea Day and The Square , that earned her documentary a nomination for an Academy Award .
Rabbi Charles Ber Chavel ( Chaim Dov ) ( Hebrew : חיים דוב שעוועל ) was a rabbi and scholar who , most notably , published critical editions of medieval Jewish commentators .
Ira Jacknis is an American anthropologist who studies Native American art of the Northwest Coast .
Mario Carotenuto ( June 29 , 1915 -- April 14 , 1995 ) was an Italian actor of theatre and cinema .
Nico Pitney ( born 1981 ) is an American journalist and editor best known for his work with The Huffington Post .
Beta Vukanović ( April 18 , 1872 -- October 31 , 1972 ) was a Serbian painter and centenarian .
Stefan Sagmeister ( born August 6 , 1962 ) is a New York - based graphic designer and typographer .
Trina Medina is a Venezuelan Salsa and Son singer , songwriter and music arranger .
Tommy Victor ( born September 19 , 1966 ) is the lead singer and guitarist for the heavy metal band Prong that he founded in New York in 1986 .
Mathilde Cottrelly ( February 7 , 1851 in Hamburg , Germany -- June 15 , 1933 in Tuckerton , New Jersey ) ( née Meyer ) was a German born stage actress , singer , producer and theatre manager .
Nemours Auguste ( 1850 - ) was a notable Haitian diplomat .
John A. Mackay ( May 17 , 1889 -- June 9 , 1983 ) was a Presbyterian theologian , missionary , and educator .
Frank H. Reid ( 1844 or 1850 -- July 20 , 1898 ) was an American soldier , teacher , city engineer , vigilante , and one of the fatal combatants in the shootout on Juneau Wharf that ended the life of American outlaw Jefferson `` Soapy '' Smith .
Eucharius Gottlieb Rink ( August 11 , 1670 -- February 9 , 1745 ) was a German jurist , heraldist , numismatician , imperial counsellor .
John Ross Palmer is an American artist based in Houston , Texas .
Rufius Achilius Sividius ( floruit 483 - 488 ) was a Roman politician .
Steven E. Koonin ( born December 12 , 1951 ) is a theoretical physicist and Director of the Center for Urban Science and Progress at New York University .
Khagapati Pradhani was an Indian politician belonging to the Indian National Congress he was elected in 1967,1971,1977,1980,1984,1989,1991,1996 and 1998 from Nowrangpur constituency of Odisha to the Lower House of the Indian Parliament the Lok Sabha .
Bruno Walter ( born Bruno Schlesinger , September 15 , 1876 -- February 17 , 1962 ) was a German - born conductor , pianist and composer .
Pere Moragues ( ca . 1330 - 1388 ) was a Catalan sculptor and goldsmith active in the second half of the 14th Century .
Glen Scantlebury is an American film editor , director , and screenwriter .
Paul Wassif ( born 1963 in Bristol , England ) is a British musician , guitarist , and singer songwriter .
James D. Griffioen ( born February 4 , 1977 ) is an American writer and photographer who resides in Detroit , Michigan .
Jean - Pierre Soucy ( born December 20 , 1952 ) is an educator , civil servant and former politician in Quebec .
Richard Hurlstone or Richard Hurleston ( 1740s -- 1780s ) was a British portrait painter known for being a pupil of Joseph Wright of Derby .
David Patrick Kelly ( born January 23 , 1951 ) is an American actor and musician who has appeared in numerous films and television series .
Simon C. Hitchcock ( ca . 1801 -- September 27 , 1878 Binghamton , Broome County , New York ) was an American book publisher and politician from New York .
N. Richard Nash ( June 8 , 1913 -- December 11 , 2000 ) was a writer and dramatist best known for writing Broadway shows , including The Rainmaker .
Ugo Marotta ( September 23 , 1942 in Rio de Janeiro ) is a Brazilian musician , conductor , arranger , composer , keyboards and vibraphonist .
Denice Klarskov ( born April 18 , 1986 ) is a Danish pornographic actress and entrepreneur .
Herman de Valenciennes , 12th - century French poet , was born at Valenciennes .
Chris Brochu ( born June 25 , 1989 ) is an American actor and singer - songwriter , older brother of Doug Brochu .
Kenneth A. Frank is an American clinical psychologist and psychoanalyst , and co - founder of the National Institute for the Psychotherapies in New York City , where he is Director of Training .
R. William Hasker is an American philosopher and Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Philosophy at Huntington University .
Joe Gray Taylor ( February 14 , 1920 -- December 8 , 1987 ) was a historian of the American South who published fifteen essays and eight books , including Louisiana : a Bicentennial History ( 1976 ) .
Ricardo Caballero Tostado ( born January 19 , 1982 ) is a Mexican singer who was the runner - up of the second season of the singing competition series Latin American Idol .
Manuel Lapeña Rodríguez y Ruiz de Sotillo ( fl . 1808 - -1811 ) , sometimes referred to as Lapeña , was a Spanish military officer who served during the Peninsular War ( Guerra de la Independencia Española -- the Spanish War of Independence ) .
Zyhdi Ohri ( 1870 - 1931 ) , also known as Zuhdi bey Ohri was a 19th - century Albanian politician .
Russel Farnham ( 1784 -- October 23 , 1832 ) was an American frontiersman , explorer , and fur trader .
Bassingbourne Gawdy ( died 1590 ) , of West Harling , Norfolk , was an English politician .
Joanne M. Duren ( b. October 11 . 1931 ) is a former American politician and businesswoman .
Norton Allen ( 1909 - -1997 ) was an American artist and avocational archaeologist who worked in the American Southwest , primarily in California and Arizona .
Kaname Yokoo ( Japanese : 横尾要 , born 24 July 1972 ) is a Japanese professional golfer .
Joanne Borgella ( died October 18 , 2014 ) was an American singer , model and reality television personality .
Wolf Szmuness ( March 12 , 1919 -- June 6 , 1982 ) was a Polish - born epidemiologist who emigrated to and worked in the United States .
Alice Sue Claeys ( born February 24 , 1975 ) is a former competitive figure skater .
Manuel Sadosky ( April 13 , 1914 -- June 18 , 2005 ) was an Argentine mathematician , born in Buenos Aires to Jewish Russian immigrants fleeing the pogroms .
Daniel Myrick ( born September 3 , 1963 ) is an American film director most famous for horror films , especially for co - directing and writing the 1999 psychological horror The Blair Witch Project with Eduardo Sánchez , for which they won the Independent Spirit John Cassavetes Award .
Christian Schwartz ( born December 30 , 1977 in Concord , New Hampshire , USA ) is an American type designer .
Jim Waring ( born December 27 , 1967 ) is an American politician , who served as state Senator for seven years in the Arizona State Senate and now represents District 2 on the Phoenix City Council .
Norm Feuti ( b. May 14 , 1970 ) is an American cartoonist best known for his nationally syndicated comic strips Retail and Gil .
Lucius de Mello is a Brazilian writer and journalist .
Česlav Okinčic ( Polish : Czesław Okińczyc ; born September 13 , 1955 ) is a Polish - Lithuanian politician .
Walter Kälin ( born 1951 in Zurich ) is a preeminent Swiss humanitarian , constitutional lawyer , international human rights lawyer , activist , and advocate .
Sandeep Rajora is an Indian model and actor .
John Turbridge ( fl . 1589 ) , of Dogfeilyn Llanrhudd , Denbighshire , was a Welsh politician .
Donald R. Cronin was a Michigan mayor and politician .
Eugen Munteanu ( born August 18 , 1953 , Seimeni , Constanţa County ) is a Romanian linguist .
Jacquemart de Hesdin ( c. 1355 -- c. 1414 ) was a French miniature painter working in the International Gothic style .
Charles Fahy ( August 27 , 1892 -- September 17 , 1979 ) served as Solicitor General of the United States and later as a United States federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit .
Benjamin Arthur Quarles ( January 23 , 1904 -- November 16 , 1996 ) was an African - American historian , administrator , scholar , educator , and writer .
The son of a Parisian architect , Nicolas Bataille ( born Roger Bataille ) debuted as an actor during the French Occupation while following the dramatic teachings of René Simon , Tania Balachova , and the comedienne Solange Sicard .
Chhabildas Mehta was an Indian politician and the former Chief Minister of Gujarat who served from 1994 to 1995 .
Marijan Trepše ( 1887 - -1964 ) was a Croatian painter , graphic artist and set designer , considered to be one of the key figures in Croatian art in the early part of the 20th century .
Arnaldo Ferrari Nasi ( born July 9 , 1965 in Chiavari , Genoa ) is an Italian sociologist , journalist and political analyst .
Rosalía Peredo Aguilar is a Mexican politician who currently serves in the upper house of Congress .
Samantha Preston ( born December 15 , 1984 in Calgary , Alberta ) is a Canadian curler who currently throws lead stones for Crystal Webster out of the Calgary Curling Club in Calgary .
August Siemering ( 1828 -- 1883 ) , was a notable German Texan educator , writer , publisher and political leader .
Elaine Fuchs ( born 1940 ) is an American cell biologist , famous for her work on the biology and molecular mechanisms of mammalian skin and skin diseases , and has led the modernization of dermatology .
Eustaquio Ylagan ( March 29 , 1911 -- December 4 , 2000 ) better known as his stage name , Tito Arévalo was a Filipino actor and musician .
Richard Albert Mohler , Jr. ( born October 19 , 1959 ) , is an American theologian and the ninth president of the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville , Kentucky .
Wolfgang Hahn ( April 30 , 1911 -- January 10 , 1998 ) was a German mathematician who worked on special functions , in particular orthogonal polynomials .
Patrick W. Welch ( July 1 , 1965 -- October 16 , 2008 ) was an English painter , illustrator , cartoonist , and art professor who lived in Chicago , Illinois , United States .
Gary O'Connor , better known as Gary O ' , is a Canadian singer - songwriter and the son of Canadian musician Billy O'Connor .
Amaresh Misra is an Indian writer , author and historian .
Ernests Štālbergs ( 1883 - -1958 ) was a Latvian architect whose works are in the Neoclassical and the functionalistic styles .
Dana Snyman is an award - winning South African journalist , writer and playwright .
Marianne Mittelholzer , artist name Mascha Mioni ( b. April 17 , 1941 in Zurich ) is a Swiss painter and textile artist .
Michael S. Engel , FLS ( born September 24 , 1971 ) is an American paleontologist and entomologist , notable for contributions to insect evolutionary biology and classification .
Upon graduation , Neslihan Gökdemir worked as an economic journalist and columnist .
Daniele Tirabassi ( born August 16 , 1986 ) is a Venezuelan swimmer , who specialized in long - distance freestyle events .
Gary Allen Russell III ( born February 4 , 1993 in Washington D.C. ) is an American amateur boxer and the brother of the WBC featherweight champion Gary Russell , Jr ..
Cornelia Phillips Spencer ( March 20 , 1825 - March 11 , 1908 ) was a poet , social historian and journalist in North Carolina , USA , who was instrumental in reopening the University of North Carolina after a five - year shutdown during the Reconstruction era .
Soozie Tyrell , ( born May 4 , 1957 ) , formerly known as Soozie Kirschner , is an American violinist and vocalist , most known for her work with Bruce Springsteen in the E Street Band and formerly The Sessions Band .
Borislav Novaković , MSc ( Cyrillic : Мр. Борислав Новаковић ; born October 21 , 1964 , in Novi Sad ) is a Serbian politician .
Jyoti Prasad Agarwala ( Assamese : জ্যোতিপ্ৰসাদ আগৰৱালা ; 1903 - 1951 ) was a noted Assamese playwright , songwriter , poet , writer and film maker from Assam .
JoJo Starbuck ( born Alicia Starbuck , February 14 , 1951 , Birmingham , Alabama ) is an American figure skater .
Annibale Lippi ( 16th century - Rome , after 18 November 1581 ) was an Italian architect active during the second half of 16th century .
Terry Brotherstone is a historian based in Scotland .
Teemu Sippo was born as a Lutheran , and converted to Roman Catholicism in 1966 while he was in his late teens ; four years later he decided to start studying to become a priest .
Lu Ping ( Chinese : 路平 ; pinyin : Lù Píng ; Pe̍h - ōe - jī : Lō͘ Pêng ) , born in Kaohsiung in 1953 , is a Taiwanese writer who writes under the pen name `` Ping Lu '' .
Hans von Judenburg was an Austrian painter and sculptor active between 1411 and 1424 .
Ellis Paul ( born Paul Plissey ; January 14 , 1965 ) is an American singer - songwriter and folk musician .
Andra Medea ( born 1953 ) is an American writer and a project developer and theorist on issues of conflict and violence , specifically crisis prevention .
Harry L. Watson is an American historian of the antebellum American South , Jacksonian America , and the history of North Carolina .
Harry Wild Jones ( June 9 , 1859 -- September 25 , 1935 ) was a popular Minneapolis , Minnesota - based architect who designed throughout the country and the world .
Lisa Peters is a Welsh curler who represented Wales in the 2008 , 2009 World Mixed Doubles Curling Championships , the 2009 European Curling Championships , and the 2010 European Curling Championships .
José María Yazpik ( born November 13 , 1970 ) is a Mexican film , voice and television actor .
Humberto Costa ( born July 7 , 1957 ) is a Brazilian medical doctor and politician .
Carlos Alberto Ficicchia Gigliotti ( born March 27 , 1963 ) , known by his stage name Charly Alberti , is an Argentine rock musician , best known as the drummer of the influential Argentine rock band Soda Stereo .
Deuter ( born Georg Deuter , 1945 ) is a German new age instrumentalist and recording artist known for his meditative style that blends Eastern and Western musical styles .
John Clopton ( died 1424 ) , of Gloucester , was an English politician .
Louise Taylor is an American folk singer - songwriter from Brattleboro , Vermont .
Laurie Ward was a rugby league player in the Australian New South Wales Rugby League ( NSWRL ) competition in the 1930s , a state and national representative full - back .
August Heckscher II ( September 16 , 1913 -- April 5 , 1997 ) was an American public intellectual and author whose work explored the American liberalism of political leaders including Woodrow Wilson .
Reggie Knighton is a singer , songwriter and lead guitarist from Biloxi , Mississippi who relocated to Los Angeles , California at an early age and grew up there .
Eli Lake ( born July 9 , 1972 in Philadelphia ) , is an American journalist and the former senior national security correspondent for The Daily Beast and Newsweek .
Adomas Galdikas ( October 18 , 1893 Giršinai village , near Mosėdis -- December 7 , 1969 New York ) was a Lithuanian painter , graphic artist , scenographer .
Kim Choong - soo ( Hangul : 김중수 ; hanja : 金仲秀 ; born June 6 , 1947 ) is a South Korean economist and politician who was Governor of the Bank of Korea from April 2010 until March 2014 .
Ali Al Shargawi ( Arabic : علي الشرقاوي‎ ) is a leading Bahraini poet , lyricist and playwright whose work has been translated into English , German , Bulgarian , Russian , Kurdish , and French .
The credit of Phylarchus as an historian is vehemently attacked by Polybius , who charges him with falsifying history through his partiality to Cleomenes III , king of Sparta , and his hatred against Aratus and the Achaeans .
Ken Scholes ( born January 13 , 1968 ) is a science fiction and fantasy writer living in St. Helens , Oregon .
Stuart Littlemore QC is an Australian barrister and former journalist and television presenter .
Joey Forman ( November 18 , 1929 -- December 9 , 1982 ) was an American comedian and comic actor .
Cassandra Lynn Hensley ( née Jensen , previously D'Elia , August 15 , 1979 -- January 15 , 2014 ) was an American model and is Playboy 's Playmate of the Month for February 2006 .
Ilya Bolotowsky ( July 1 , 1907 -- November 22 , 1981 ) was a leading early 20th - century painter in abstract styles in New York City .
Angelo Heilprin ( March 31 , 1853 -- July 17 , 1907 ) was an American geologist , paleontologist , naturalist , and explorer .
Domenico Buratti ( November 21 , 1881 -- May 24 , 1960 ) was an Italian painter , poet and illustrator .
Martin Suchánek is a film director , photographer and screenwriter .
Brad Handler ( born July 19 , 1967 ) is an American entrepreneur and attorney best known for his success in the destination club industry and his role as the first in - house attorney at eBay .
The Untz ranked Page # 3 on their list of `` Top 10 Female EDM Artists '' quoting : `` Most people associate the name Mimi Page with her illustrious collection of vocal features for artists like Seven Lions , Bassnectar , and Kezwik , but there is so much more to the young singer than meets the eye .
Ian Bliss is an Australian actor , best known for his role as Bane in The Matrix Reloaded and The Matrix Revolutions , for which he was chosen by the Wachowskis because of his accurate impersonation of Hugo Weaving ( Agent Smith ) , and also his partial resemblance to Weaving .
Nowell Rhys Fulber is a Canadian electronic musician and producer .
Jennifer Brien is a talk radio host based in Providence , Rhode Island .
J. Yancey McGill ( born September 18 , 1952 ) is an American politician who served as the 90th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina from June 2014 to January 2015 .
Hakan Haslaman ( August 27 , 1974 ) is a Turkish Stuntman , who also works as director and film producer .
Walter Walford Johnson ( April 16 , 1904 -- March 23 , 1987 ) was a United States businessman and Democratic politician who served as the 32nd Governor of the State of Colorado from 1950 to 1951 .
Mercy Dee Walton ( August 3 , 1915 -- December 2 , 1962 ) was an American jump blues pianist , singer and songwriter , whose compositions went from blues to R&B numbers .
Mali Finn ( March 8 , 1938 -- November 28 , 2007 ) , born Mary Alice Mann , was an American casting director and former English and drama teacher .
Mun Jun ( Korean : 문준 , Hanja : 文俊 , born 14 July 1982 ) is a South Korean speed skater .
Mohd Ikhmil Fawedz Mohd Hanif ( born 21 November 1974 ) is a Malaysian solo longest - distance swimmer , from Gombak , Selangor .
Henry Adamson ( 1581 - -1637 ) , was a Scottish poet and historian .
Tong Cheong was a Chinese photographer who operated in Yokohama , Japan in the 19th century .
Vasily Shcherbakov ( Russian : Василий Фёдорович Щербаков , Vasily Fyodorovitch Shcherbakov ; Born June 19 , 1969 ) is a Russian pianist , professor and composer .
Wacław Rzewuski ( 1705 - -1779 ) was a Polish drama writer and poet as well as a military commander and a Grand Crown Hetman .
Xul Solar was the adopted name of Oscar Agustín Alejandro Schulz Solari ( born December 14 , 1887 -- April 9 , 1963 ) , Argentine painter , sculptor , writer , and inventor of imaginary languages .
Vice started out as a singer , then as a stand - up comedian for Punchline and The Library , whose owner Andrew de Real gave him the stage name `` Vice Ganda '' .
Randy Van Horne ( February 10 , 1924 -- September 26 , 2007 ) was an American singer and musician .
Johan Vestly ( November 24 , 1923 - November 28 , 1993 ) was a Norwegian illustrator , artist and film producer .
Dionne Brand ( born January 7 , 1953 ) is a Canadian poet , novelist , essayist and documentarian .
Rob Sheffield ( born February 2 , 1966 ) is an American music journalist and author .
John Randal Kleiser ( born July 20 , 1946 ) is an American film director and producer , perhaps best known for directing the 1978 musical romantic comedy film Grease .
Don Scardino ( born February 17 , 1948 ) is an American television director and producer and a former actor .
Bill Quirk ( William J. Quirk ) is an American politician currently serving in the California State Assembly .
Graziella Fontana is a Genoese Italian fashion designer who was active in the London Mod fashion scene in the 1960s and early 1970s .
Michelle DiBucci is a composer who writes scores for opera , theater , dance , film and TV .
Todd Tamanend Clark ( born Todd Clark ; August 10 , 1952 ) is an American singer - songwriter , musician , composer , author and poet .
David Glen Eisley ( born September 5 , 1952 ) is an American rock singer and actor .
Anne Feeney ( born July 1 , 1951 ) is a political activist , folk musician and singer - songwriter .
Ester Goldfeld ( born July 4 , 1993 ) is a junior American tennis player .
John B. Cox is a British - born ornithologist , who emigrated to Australia in 1968 .
Kathryn Lasky ( born June 24 , 1944 ) is an American children 's writer who also writes for adults under the names Kathryn Lasky Knight and E. L. Swann .
Adam Blackstone ( born December 4 , 1982 in Trenton , NJ ) is a multi - instrumentalist , songwriter , producer , and bassist .
Carl Hunstein ( 1843 -- March 13 , 1888 ) was a German ornithologist and plant collector .
Wynn was born in Hartford , Alabama , the son of Blanche Wynn and Early Wynn Sr . , an automobile mechanic and former semipro baseball player .
Abram Poindexter Maury ( December 26 , 1801 -- July 22 , 1848 ) was an American politician , who represented Tennessee 's eighth district in the United States House of Representatives .
John van den Broek ( ? 1895 - June 29 , 1918 ) was a Dutch born cinematographer .
Dr. George Simkins , Jr. , ( August 23 , 1924 -- November 21 , 2001 ) was a dentist , community leader in Greensboro , North Carolina , and civil rights activist .
Eugie Foster ( December 30 , 1971 -- September 27 , 2014 ) was an American short story writer , columnist , and editor .
Yves Castaldi ( born April 10 , 1952 ) is a French fashion designer and entrepreneur .
Andrei Pakin ( Russian : Андрей Пакин ; born January 3 , 1978 ) is a Kyrgyz former swimmer , who specialized in middle - distance freestyle and in individual medley events .
Pekka Paavola ( born August 3 , 1933 in Tampere ) is a Finnish politician , Minister of Justice in the 1972 cabinet , and a convicted criminal in multiple cases .
Laleh Khadivi ( born Esfahan , Iran ) is an Iranian American novelist , and filmmaker .
László B. Nagy ( born February 9 , 1958 ) is a Hungarian politician , member of the National Assembly ( MP ) since 2010 .
Tomás de Torres was a Portuguese teacher of King John III of Portugal , an astrologer and an eminent doctor during the early 16th century in Portugal .
Shais Taub is an American Hasidic rabbi and author .
Krishan Pal Gurjar is an Indian politician and a member of parliament in the 16th Lok Sabha representing the Fariabad constituency in the state of Haryana .
Nicolas Millot ( d. 1590 or later ) was a French composer of the late Renaissance , mainly of chansons .
Cristina Fontanelli ( born in Brooklyn , New York ) is an American actress and opera singer who has performed in Tokyo , Paris , Milan , Cairo , Dubai , Hong Kong , Istanbul and Uganda .
Mario Polanco is a Guatemalan human rights activist .
Pieranna Garavaso is an analytic philosopher at the University of Minnesota Morris .
Thomas F. Siems is senior economist and policy advisor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas .
Joan Silber is an American novelist and short story writer .
Grant Bond is a comic book artist , writer and award - winning editorial cartoonist living in Kansas City , Kansas .
Predrag Matvejević ( born 1932 ) is a Bosnian Croat writer known for his writing as well as for his political activism .
Professor Michael Cowley is an Australian physiologist .
John Willis Menard ( April 3 , 1838 -- October 8 , 1893 ) was a federal government employee , poet , newspaper publisher and politician born in Illinois to parents who were Louisiana Creoles from New Orleans .
Rich Clarkson ( born August 11 , 1932 ) is a Denver , Colorado based photographer that has a long history covering American sports .
Conde 's eldest son , Jun Urbano ( aka Manuel Conde , Jr. ) , became himself a film director , actor , producer and writer .
Carlos Núñez Muñoz ( born 1971 ) is a Galician musician and multi - instrumentalist who plays the gaita , the traditional Galician bagpipe , Galician flute , ocarina , Irish flute , whistle and low whistle .
Çağatay Ulusoy ( born September 23 , 1990 ) is a Turkish model and actor known for his leading roles as Emir Sarrafoğlu in the Show TV series Adını Feriha Koydum ( 2011 - -2012 ) and Yaman Koper in the Star TV series Medcezir ( 2013 - -2015 ) , a remake of the television series The OC .
Hiroaki Serizawa ( 芹澤廣明 Serizawa Hiroaki January 3 , 1948 - ) is a Japanese singer and songwriter .
Leah Daniels ( born December 25 , 1987 ) is a Canadian country music singer and songwriter .
Anders Been , ( floruit 1709 ) , was a Norwegian painter and court dwarf in service of the Swedish queen dowager Hedwig Eleonora of Holstein - Gottorp .
Vinnie Barrett ( born Gwendolyn H. Woolfolk ) is an American songwriter and musician , from Washington , DC .
Michelle Galdenzi ( born January 2 , 1987 ) is an American model and reality television actress .
Lenny Cooper ( born 1988 in Jacksonville , North Carolina ) is an American country rap singer - songwriter .
Raful Neal ( June 6 , 1936 -- September 1 , 2004 ) was an American , Louisiana blues singer , harmonicist and songwriter .
Imratul Najwa Binti Abdul Latif ( born May 23 , 1995 ) , better known as Najwa Latif , is a Malaysian singer and teen idol .
Louie Cruz Beltran ( born in Bakersfield , California ) is a well - known Mexican American Latin jazz musician .
Juraj Faith is a Slovak professional ice hockey player who is currently playing in the Slovak Extraliga .
Sir Thomas Ragland ( fl.1563 ) , of Carnllwyd , Glamorganshire , Wales and Roughton Holme , Norfolk and Walworth , Surrey , England , was a politician .
Ekrem Bora , better known as Eko Fresh and or Elektro Eko , is a German rapper of Turkish descent .
Fred J. Boyd was an Australian pharmacist , qualified accountant and Radiographer , and the founding president of The Society of Hospital Pharmacists of Australia .
Rached Merdassi ( Arabic : رشيد المرداسي ) is a Tunisian boxer who has won the Africa Games 2007 at welterweight
Joseph - Hyacinthe Bellerose ( July 12 , 1820 -- August 13 , 1899 ) was a Canadian militiaman and politician .
Betsy Cook is an American - born singer , songwriter and musician .
Israel Baker ( February 11 , 1919 -- December 25 , 2011 ) was an American violinist and concertmaster .
Peter De Vries ( February 27 , 1910 -- September 28 , 1993 ) was an American editor and novelist known for his satiric wit .
Ivan O'Neal is a Vincentian politician and leader of the Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Green Party ( SVG Green Party ) .
Roy Bin Wong ( simplified Chinese : 王国斌 ; traditional Chinese : 王國斌 ; pinyin : Wáng Guóbīn ; born 1949 ) is a Chinese Economic historian at UCLA .
Daniel Burkett is a Canadian racing driver who currently competes in the Pro Mazda Championship .
Mitch Leigh ( born Irwin Michnick ; January 30 , 1928 -- March 16 , 2014 ) was an American musical theatre composer and theatrical producer best known for the musical Man of La Mancha .
Kenny Sanders is an American former college basketball player for George Mason University .
Yair Nitzani ( Hebrew : יָאִיר נִיצָּנִי ; born August 22 , 1958 ) is an Israeli musician , songwriter , TV host and comedian .
Sulpicius Severus ( /sʌlˈpɪʃəs ˈsɛvərəs/ ; c. 363 -- c. 425 ) was a Christian writer and native of Aquitania .
Deepa Miriam ( Malayalam : ദീപ മിറിയം , Tamil : தீபா மிரியம் ) ( born April 1981 ) is an Indian playback singer of South Indian movies .
Gil Simkovitch ( born January 13 , 1982 ) is an Israeli Olympic sport shooter .
Richard Bott ( May 30 , 1900 in Bideford , Devonshire , England -- May 19 , 1980 in Watford , Hertfordshire , England ) was a British skeleton racer who competed in the late 1940s .
Jolene Campbell ( born Jolene McIvor on August 12 , 1981 in Saskatoon ) is a Canadian curler from Regina , Saskatchewan .
Todd Gitlin ( born 1943 ) is an American sociologist , political writer , novelist , and cultural commentator .
Dan Wickline ( born April 29 , 1970 in Norwalk , California ) is a published writer and photographer .
William Schley ( December 15 , 1786 ( some references say December 10 ) -- November 20 , 1858 ) was an American lawyer , jurist , and politician .
Deborah L. Cook ( born February 8 , 1952 ) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit , based in Akron , Ohio .
Wesley Oliveira da Silva ( Fortaleza , Ceará , September 6 , 1988 ) , also known as Wesley Safadão , is a Brazilian singer , songwriter , producer , and businessman .
James Weldon Johnson ( June 17 , 1871 -- June 26 , 1938 ) was an American author , educator , lawyer , diplomat , songwriter , and civil rights activist .
Aldo Tagliapietra ( born February 20 , 1945 ) is an Italian singer , songwriter and musician best known for his work with the progressive rock band Le Orme .
Tim Eriksen is an American musician , musicologist , and professor .
Joseph Andre Garcia is a Filipino child actor .
János Bókai ( 1822 - -1884 , full name in Hungarian Idősebb Bókai János ) was a Hungarian University professor , pediatrician and the director of a children 's hospital in Budapest .
Richard W. Munchkin is an American writer , director , producer , radio host and professional gambler .
Asa Gray ( November 18 , 1810 -- January 30 , 1888 ) is considered the most important American botanist of the 19th century .
Scott Halberstadt ( born August 17 , 1976 ) is an American film and television actor best known for playing Eric in the Nickelodeon live - action sitcom Drake & Josh .
Toni Carabillo ( 1926 - -1997 ) was an American feminist , graphic designer , and historian .
Gilbert Eisner is an American former épée fencer .
Lauren Braun Costello ( born in New York , NY on October 19 , 1976 ) is a chef , author , and culinary personality .
John Rochester Thomas ( 1848 - -1901 ) was an American architect credited in his time with being the nation 's most prolific designer of public and semi - public buildings .
Dario Mollo is an Italian musician and record producer , perhaps best known for the three `` Cage '' albums he recorded with former Black Sabbath singer Tony Martin and his work with former Deep Purple singer / bassist Glenn Hughes ( as Voodoo Hill ) .
Monterrio Williams ( born August 10 , 1978 ) , better known by his stage names Luni Coleone or Lunasicc , is a Garden Blocc Crip rapper who began his musical career on the streets of Sacramento , California .
Peter Jurasik ( born April 25 , 1950 ) is an American actor known for his television roles as Londo Mollari in the 1990s science fiction series Babylon 5 and Sid the Snitch on the 1980s series Hill Street Blues and its short - lived spinoff Beverly Hills Buntz .
William H. Wickham ( July 30 , 1832 -- January 13 , 1893 ) was the 81st Mayor of New York City and anti - Ring Democrat who helped to topple corrupt politician Boss Tweed .
Martin Hellberg ( also known as Martin Heinrich , January 31 , 1905 -- October 31 , 1999 ) was a German actor , director and writer .
Steven Forness ( born May 13 , 1939 ) is a psychologist doing research in the field of emotional disorders in children .
David Miles Huber is an American composer and producer in the downtempo , ambient and dance genres .
Thaddeus William Harris ( November 12 , 1795 -- January 16 , 1856 ) was an American entomologist and botanist .
Mark Homer is a British actor of stage , television and film .
Peter Himmelman ( born November 23 , 1959 in St. Louis Park , Minnesota ) is an American singer - songwriter and film and television composer from Minnesota , who formerly played in the Minneapolis indie rock band Sussman Lawrence before pursuing an extensive solo career .
Diana Barrows ( born January 23 , 1966 ) is an American film and television actress , singer and a dancer .
Tom Vincent ( born January 27 , 1956 ) is an American comic book artist and colorist / painter .
Laura Whitcomb ( born December 19 , 1958 ) is an American novelist and teacher .
Sameer Khan ( born November 11 , 1984 ) is an Indian fashion choreographer , contest trainer , and model .
Michael Arad is an Israeli - American architect who is best known for being the designer of the World Trade Center Memorial .
Larry Fernandes is an Indian film actor , best known for playing the lead role in the Konkani movie Kazar ( 2009 ) .
Abinadi Meza ( MX / US ) is a contemporary visual artist , sound artist , conceptual artist and filmmaker whose work references spatial and temporal perception , politics , and transformation .
Shawn Higbee ( born 1970 in Jamestown , New York ) is an American professional motorcycle racer in the AMA Daytona and Superbike Series .
Melvin Mouron Belli ( July 29 , 1907 -- July 9 , 1996 ) was a prominent American lawyer known as `` The King of Torts '' and by insurance companies as `` Melvin Bellicose '' .
William Rudolph Smith was a politician in the states of Pennsylvania and Wisconsin .
Normski ( born Norman Anderson ) is a British rapper , DJ , photographer and businessman , known for his work as a BBC television presenter .
Gordon Liu ( 劉家輝 ; Lau Ka - fai ; pinyin : Liu Jiahui , formerly spelled Liu Chia - hui , birth name Xian Jinxi ; born August 22 , 1955 ) is a Chinese martial arts film actor and martial artist .
Etheridge Knight ( April 19 , 1931 -- March 10 , 1991 ) was an African - American poet who made his name in 1968 with his debut volume , Poems from Prison .
Dimitrie C. Ollănescu - Ascanio ( March 21 , 1849 - -January 20 , 1908 ) was a Wallachian - born Romanian poet , prose writer and playwright .
Meir Zlotowitz is an Orthodox Jewish rabbi , author , and founder of ArtScroll Publications .
Manoella Torres is an American - Mexican singer and actress of Puerto Rican descent based in Mexico who has had an extensive career that continues to this day .
Asher Iyasu ( Hebrew : אשר איסו‎ , born in Ethiopia ) is an Israeli golfer who was the first golfer to win the Caesarea Golf & Country Club 's tournament from the Beta Israel community .
Edward R. Annis ( March 27 , 1913 -- September 14 , 2009 ) was a Florida surgeon who served as president of the American Medical Association and as president of the World Medical Association .
Edward Lee Croft ( born July 24 , 1969 in San Mateo , California ) is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division and is the former WBC Continental Americas Super Bantamweight champion .
Soukaina Boukries ( Arabic : سكينة بوخريص‎ ) is a Moroccan singer and actress who rose to popularity as a contestant in both the 9th season of Studio 2 M and the 9th season of Star Academy Arab World .
Anathon Aall was the grandfather of Norwegian psychologist Lisbeth F.K. Holter Brudal .
France Staub ( September 29 , 1920 -- July 2 , 2005 ) was a Mauritian ornithologist , herpetologist , botanist , and conservationist .
Shelly Blake - Plock ( born October 8 , 1974 in Baltimore , Maryland ) , is an American teacher , musician , writer , and filmmaker .
John Ridgely ( September 6 , 1909 -- January 18 , 1968 ) was an American film character actor with over 175 film credits .
Kimon Friar ( 1911 - -May 25 , 1993 ) was a Greek - American poet and translator of Greek poetry .
Noureddine Morceli ( Arabic : نور الدين مرسلي‎ , Nūr ud - Dīn Mursilī ; born February 28 , 1970 ) is a retired Algerian middle - distance runner .
Chuu - Lian Terng ( Chinese : 滕楚蓮 ) is a mathematician .
George Woodcock ( /ˈwʊdˌkɑːk/ ; May 8 , 1912 -- January 28 , 1995 ) was a Canadian writer of political biography and history , an anarchist thinker , an essayist and literary critic .
Luigino Celestino Di Agostino ( born December 17 , 1967 ) , better known by his stage name Gigi D'Agostino , or Gigi D'Ag is an Italian DJ , remixer and record producer .
Hans van Steenwinckel the Youngest ( 1639 - -1700 ) was a Danish architect and sculptor , son of Hans van Steenwinckel the Younger and grandson of Hans van Steenwinckel the Elder .
David Gogo ( born March 18 , 1969 ) , is a Canadian blues guitarist , singer - songwriter and bandleader who is currently signed to the independent Cordova Bay Records label .
Mary Griggs Burke ( June 20 , 1916 -- December 8 , 2012 ) was an American art collector .
Dr Sofka Zinovieff ( born 1961 ) is a British journalist and author .
Jessica Fisher ( born March 12 , 1976 in Claremont , California ) is an American poet , translator , and critic .
Keith Mullings ( born January 8 , 1968 in Manchester Parish , Jamaica ) , was a professional boxer in the super welterweight ( 154 lb ) division .
Paul Felder ( born April 25 , 1984 ) is an American professional mixed martial artist currently competing in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship .
Oscar Penn Fitzgerald ( August 24 , 1829 -- August 5 , 1911 ) was a Methodist clergyman , journalist and educator .
Carpus of Antioch was an ancient Greek mathematician .
Brendan Guilfoyle ( born July 16 , 1984 in Kilkenny , Ireland ) , is rugby league player for the Treaty City Titans in the Irish Elite League .
Evelyn Dubrow ( March 6 , 1911 , Passaic , New Jersey -- June 20 , 2006 , Washington , D.C. ) was a legendary labour lobbyist for the International Ladies ' Garment Workers ' Union .
Sara Zaker is a Bangladeshi theater and television actor , director , business entrepreneur and social activist .
Portia Nelson ( May 27 , 1920 -- March 6 , 2001 ) was an American popular singer , songwriter , actress , and author .
The view from Bulverton Hill , Sidmouth , is thought to have inspired 19th century poet and hymn writer John Keble to compose some of his best loved work , Keble 's Seat at Bulverton Hill is named after the English churchman and commands a panoramic view of the Lower Otter Valley and Dartmoor in the distance .
Stojan Steve Tesich ( Serbian : Стојан Стив Тешић , Stojan Stiv Tešić ; September 29 , 1942 -- July 1 , 1996 ) was a Serbian - American screenwriter , playwright and novelist .
Richie Lemos ( born Feb 7 , 1920 in Los Angeles , California , deceased October 18 , 2004 ) was a Mexican - American boxer in the Featherweight division .
Russ Marin ( May 1 , 1934 -- March 6 , 2005 ) was an American film and television actor active from the early 1970s to the early 1990s .
Randy Rose ( born July 19 , 1956 ) is a retired professional wrestler .
Ghantasala Balaramayya was a producer , director and actor in Telugu cinema .
Rebecca Fjelland Davis is an American novelist and children 's book author who lives in Minnesota .
Irving Fein ( June 21 , 1911 -- August 10 , 2012 ) was an American television and film producer , and the manager of entertainers Jack Benny and George Burns .
Scott Hendricks ( born July 26 , 1956 ) is an American record producer who has worked with several country music artists .
Jonathan Podwil ( born 1966 ) is an American painter and experimental filmmaker living and working in Brooklyn , New York .
Charles Valentine Riley ( 1843 - 1895 ) was a British - born American entomologist and artist .
Krzysztof Głowacki ( born 31 August 1986 ) is a Polish professional boxer and the current WBO cruiserweight champion .
Lew Temple ( born October 2 , 1967 ) is an American film actor , perhaps best known for his roles as Locus Fender in the action film , Domino , Cal , the diner manager in the comedy - drama Waitress , and Axel in the third season of The Walking Dead .
Dr. Franz Anton Basch ( Hungarian : Basch Ferenc Antal ) ( July 13 , 1901 -- April 27 , 1946 ) was a Shwovish Nazi politician , the chairman of Volksbund der Deutschen in Ungarn and the leader of the Shwoveh ( Danube Swabian ) community in Hungary .
John Sackville ( died 1619 ) , of Brede and of Sedlescombe , Sussex , was an English politician .
Dave Meniketti ( born December 12 , 1953 ) is the singer , songwriter and lead guitarist for Hard rock / heavy metal band Y&T.
Peter Sollett ( born February 9 , 1976 ) is an American film director and screenwriter known for his feature films Raising Victor Vargas ( 2002 ) and Nick and Norah 's Infinite Playlist ( 2008 ) .
James S. Harris is a scientist and engineer and fellow of IEEE , American Physical Society and Optical Society of America .
Joshua Levs , commonly known as Josh Levs , is an American broadcast journalist .
John Sevier ( September 23 , 1745 -- September 24 , 1815 ) was an American soldier , frontiersman and politician , and one of the founding fathers of the State of Tennessee .
Jenna Haze ( born February 22 , 1982 ) is an American director , model and former pornographic actress .
Henry Roquemore or Henry Rocquemore ( March 13 , 1886 - June 30 , 1943 ) was an American character actor who primarily played bit parts .
Tory Kittles ( born in 1975 ) is an American actor .
Oroebantius ( Ancient Greek : Ὀροιβάντιος ) of Troezena , an ancient epic poet , whose poems were said by the Troezenians to be more ancient than those of Homer .
Carlos Gallisá Bisbal is a Puerto Rican attorney , politician , and independence movement leader .
Paffard Keatinge - Clay ( born 1926 ) is an English - born architect in the modernist tradition who spent most of his professional life in the United States of America , before moving to southern Spain , where he has increasingly focussed on sculpture .
Joey Allcorn ( born November 3 , 1980 ) is a country music singer / songwriter known for his own brand of traditional honky - tonk - style country music and writing many of his own songs .
Jim Provenzano ( born December 6 , 1961 ) is an American author , playwright , photographer and currently an editor with the Bay Area Reporter .
Ariel Bloomer ( born September 6 , 1989 ) , known mononymously as Ariel ( pronounced R - E - L ; born September 6 , 1988 ) is a Swedish - born American singer and songwriter , best known as the lead vocalist for the American rock band Icon for Hire .
Howard Scott ( April 1 , 1890 -- January 1 , 1970 ) was an American engineer and founder of the Technocracy movement .
Bruce Nesmith is a game designer who has worked primarily on role - playing games .
Geoff Grant is an American former professional tour tennis player .
Mike Mollo ( born February 11 , 1980 in Oak Lawn , Illinois ) is a professional boxer in the heavyweight division , born in the United States .
Emmanuel Ray is a London - based television presenter and socialite .
Ruggero Gabbai , ( Wilrijk , 6 August 1964 ) , is an Italian film director , photographer and politician .
Hakob Zavriev ( Armenian : Հակոբ Զավրիև ) , also known as Yakov Zavriev , was an Armenian politician .
Suman Sridhar is an Indian singer - songwriter and actor from Mumbai - New Jersey .
Kristen May is an American musician , best known as the current lead singer of the rock band Flyleaf .
Jackie Hill - Perry ( née Jackie Hill , born June 21 , 1989 ) is an American poet , writer , and hip hop artist from St. Louis .
Hope Hibbard ( 1893 - -May 12 , 1988 ) was an American biologist , cytologist , and zoologist .
Juris Hartmanis ( born July 5 , 1928 ) is a prominent computer scientist and computational theorist who , with Richard E. Stearns , received the 1993 ACM Turing Award `` in recognition of their seminal paper which established the foundations for the field of computational complexity theory '' .
Cameron Jibril Thomaz ( born September 8 , 1987 ) , better known by his stage name Wiz Khalifa , is an American recording artist , songwriter and actor .
Hussain Dalal is an actor and writer , known for Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani ( 2013 ) , Greater Elephant ( 2012 ) and Bring on the Night ( TV series ) ( 2012 ) .
Charles Insco Williams ( December 12 , 1853 - February 13 , 1923 ) was an artist and architect in Dayton , Ohio .
Vernon Lyman Kellogg ( December 1 , 1867 in Emporia , Kansas -- August 8 , 1937 in Hartford , Connecticut ) was a U.S. entomologist , evolutionary biologist , and science administrator .
Robert Denn ( dates unknown ) was an English amateur cricketer who made 11 known appearances in major cricket matches from 1787 to 1793 .
Makkal Pavalar Inkulab ( also spelt Inquilab , Inkulab or Ingulab ) ( Tamil : மக்கள் பாவலர் இன்குலாப் ) is a rationalist Tamil poet / writer , activist , and Communist with Marxist Leninist inclination .
Rob Zombie ( born Robert Bartleh Cummings ; January 12 , 1965 ) is an American musician , film director , screenwriter and film producer .
Gabriel Cevallos García ( Cuenca , January 6 , 1913 - March 16 , 2004 ) was an Ecuadorian writer , historian , professor , and philosopher .
Wassaf or Vassaf ( Persian : عبدالله ابن فضل‌الله شرف‌الدین شیرازی‎ ) Abdallah ibn Faḍlallah Sharaf al - Din Shīrāzī ( fl . 1299 - 1323 ) was a 14th - century Persian historian of the Ilkhanate .
John Wingate Thornton ( August 12 , 1818 - -June 6 , 1878 ) was a United States lawyer , historian , antiquarian , book collector and author .
Bojan Jovanovski , known as Boki 13 ( born 19 August 1986 ) is a controversial Macedonian disco singer and television personality .
Magizhini Manimaaran ( Tamil : மகிழினி மணிமாறன் ) is a playback singer in the Tamil film industry who got a break as a playback singer in the film Kumki .
Trip Gabriel is an American journalist who has covered politics and national news for The New York Times .
Bobby Solo ( born Roberto Satti , 18 March 1945 ) is an Italian singer , musician and film actor .
Captain D'Agoust was an officer of the Swiss Guards , described by Thomas Carlyle in his classic recounting of the French Revolution , as a `` cast - iron '' individual .
Sidney Carroll ( May 25 , 1913 -- November 3 , 1988 ) was a film and television screenwriter .
Thomas J. Buckley ( February 3 , 1895 -- September 9 , 1964 ) was an American politician who served as Massachusetts Auditor .
Robert Patton - Spruill is an independent film director , screenwriter , producer , and teacher .
Shawn Z. Tarrant ( born July 30 , 1965 ) is an American politician who represented the 40th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates from 2007 to 2015 .
Linton Sirait ( born 1956 ) is an Indonesian District Court judge in Bali .
Kelly Warman is a British film maker and artist based in London .
Fredrik Stefan Eaton , OC , O.Ont ( born June 26 , 1938 ) is a Canadian businessman , diplomat and the great - grandson of Eaton 's department store founder Timothy Eaton .
Jürgen Dommerich was an East German ski jumper .
Yrjö Ilmari Tapiovaara ( September 7 , 1914 -- January 31 , 1999 ) was a Finnish designer noted for his furnishings and textiles .
Mario Rosemblatt is a Chilean immunologist .
Samir Shakir Mahmoud Sumayda'ie ( Samir Sumaidaie ) is an Iraqi politician and was the Iraqi ambassador to the United States .
Christine Kenneally ( born in Melbourne , Australia ) is an Australian - American journalist who writes on science , language and culture .
Jo Freeman ( born August 26 , 1945 ) is an American feminist , political scientist , writer and attorney .
Tony Alanis is an American mixed martial artist who has the distinction of having fought on the first World Extreme Cagefighting ( WEC ) event .
Thomas Poynton ( born November 25 , 1989 in Burton - on - Trent , Staffordshire ) is an English cricketer who currently plays for Derbyshire .
William Ben Hogan ( August 13 , 1912 -- July 25 , 1997 ) was an American professional golfer , generally considered one of the greatest players in the history of the game .
Khasnor Johan ( PhD ) is a Malaysian author and historian .
Dario Gjergja ( born August 21 , 1975 ) is a Croatian professional basketball coach who is currently the head coach of BC Oostende .
Paul Garson ( born March 7 , 1946 ) is an American writer and photographer .
Ronnie Scribner ( born July 23 , 1966 ) is an American former actor .
Mario Debenedictis ( born March 28 , 1966 in Montreal , Quebec , Canada ) is a professional ice hockey player who played for HC Varese , Rouen and Landsberg EV in European leagues .
Ronald W. Schafer ( born February 17 , 1938 in Tecumseh , Nebraska ) is an electrical engineer notable for his contributions to digital signal processing .
Coleman Mellett ( May 27 , 1974 -- February 12 , 2009 ) was an American jazz guitarist in Chuck Mangione 's band .
Valerie Fox ( born 1954 ) is an executive director , creative director and professional coach .
William Andre ( born August 23 , 1931 ) is an American former modern pentathlete .
André Raponda Walker ( 1871 - -1968 ) was a Gabonese author , ethnographer , Catholic priest , and missionary .
Randy Stone ( August 26 , 1958 -- February 12 , 2007 ) was an American actor and casting director , and Academy Award winner .
Ron Cohen is an American television composer and soundtrack writer .
Pippa Evans is a British comedian , known for her work in character and improvisational comedy .
Wilma Driessen ( born Wilhelmina Jacoba Driessen , December 6 , 1938 ) is a Dutch opera singer .
Kent Couch is an American cluster balloonist who drew international interest for his flights across the state of Oregon .
Matthu Placek is an American - born photographer and artist born on November 19 , 1979 in Kittanning , Pennsylvania and raised in Columbus , Ohio .
Afzal Ahmed Syed ( افضال احمد سيد ) is a contemporary Urdu poet and translator , known for his mastery of both classical and modern Urdu poetic expression .
Noah Adams is an American broadcast journalist and author , known primarily for his more than thirty years of experience on National Public Radio .
Kim Ki - hee ( born January 28 , 1953 ) is a South Korean paralympic archer .
The Athena Painter was an Attic black - figure vase painter , active about 490 to 460 BC . His speciality were white - ground lekythoi painted in the black - figure style .
Janet Gibson is a biologist and zoologist from Belize .
Mark Pepperday is a British figure skater who currently works as a coach in Switzerland .
Peter Wing ( traditional Chinese : 吳榮添 ; simplified Chinese : 吴荣添 ; pinyin : Wú Róngtiān ; Jyutping : ng4 wing4 tim1 ) , CM , OBC ( May 4 , 1914 -- December 27 , 2007 ) was a Canadian politician and was the first mayor of Chinese descent in North America .
John Tuzo Wilson , CC , OBE , FRS , FRSC , FRSE ( October 24 , 1908 -- April 15 , 1993 ) was a Canadian geophysicist and geologist who achieved worldwide acclaim for his contributions to the theory of plate tectonics .
John Quincy Smith ( November 5 , 1824 -- December 30 , 1901 ) was a farmer , politician and legislator from Ohio , USA .
Nathaniel Clark Smith ( often Major N. Clark Smith ; July 31 , 1877 -- October 8 , 1935 ) was an important African - American musician , composer , and music educator in the United States during the early decades of the 1900s .
Ger Cornally was an Irish hurler who played as a full - back for the Tipperary senior team .
Rauf Rashid Abd al - Rahman ( born c. 1941 ) is the replacement chief judge of the Supreme Iraqi Criminal Tribunal 's Al - Dujail trial of Saddam Hussein in 2006 , when he sentenced Saddam and some of his top aides to death by hanging .
Edwin A. Fleishman ( born March 10 , 1927 ) is an American psychologist best known for his work in the field of industrial and organizational psychology .
Wouter Hamel ( born 1977 ) is a Dutch Pop singer .
Richard S. Westfall ( April 22 , 1924 -- August 21 , 1996 ) was an American academic , biographer and historian of science .
Waage Sandø ( born May 8 , 1943 ) is an acclaimed Danish theatre , film and television actor .
The Hallmark Hall of Fame debuted on 24 December 1951 on NBC television with the first opera written specifically for television , Amahl and the Night Visitors , by Gian Carlo Menotti , featuring Chet Allen and Rosemary Kuhlmann .
My Family & Other Turkeys with Nigel Marven is one - hour nature documentary premiered 22 December 2013 on Channel 5 .
Squawk Box Europe ( since May 2011 , billed on - screen as just Squawk Box ) is a television business news programme on CNBC Europe , aired from 7 - 10am CET ( 6 - 9am WET ) each weekday .
Star Circle Quest ( SCQ ) is a reality - based talent competition which premiered on March 1 , 2004 locally on ABS - CBN and internationally through The Filipino Channel .
De Lama 's ( translation : The Llamas ) is a Dutch television show made by BNN and first aired on 26 June 2004 .
Light Lunch was a Channel 4 lunch - time comedy chatshow broadcast between March 1997 and February 1998 .
The Ad - Libbers is a CBS comedy sketch game show that aired in 1951 .
Fall of Eagles is a 13-part British television drama aired by the BBC in 1974 .
The Chimp Channel is an American comedy television series which aired on TBS Superstation in 1999 .
Monsters We Met is a documentary produced by the BBC and later aired on Animal Planet in 2003 ( under the title , Land of Lost Monsters ) but also used footage from Walking with Beasts and Walking with Cavemen both made by BBC .
Billy Connolly 's World Tour of England , Ireland and Wales is the third of Scottish comedian Billy Connolly 's `` world tours '' commissioned by the BBC .
Dead Man 's Gun was a western anthology series that ran on Showtime from 1997 to 1999 .
Jamie and the Magic Torch is a British children 's drama animated television series , made by Cosgrove Hall for Thames Television and shown on the ITV network , running from 1976 to 1979 .
Paranormal Challenge is an American competitive paranormal reality television series that premiered on June 17 , 2011 , on the Travel Channel .
America 's Most Smartest Model was an American reality television show that aired on VH1 .
Wazzup Wazzup was a comedic - news program which was previously aired on Philippine television network Studio 23 .
Fat Dog Mendoza is a British animated children 's show created by Scott Musgrove , and also the first Cartoon Network European co - production .
Almost Naked Animals is a Canadian animated television series that is produced for YTV .
Party Line with The Hearty Boys is a Food Network show hosted by real - life couple Dan Smith ( b. July 16 , 1962 ) and Steve McDonagh ( b. June 14 , 1964 ) .
Your World with Neil Cavuto ( written on - air as Your World Cavuto ) , which debuted as the Cavuto Business Report on the network 's launch in 1996 , is an American news and business television program appearing on Fox News Channel .
Squidbillies is an American animated television series on Cartoon Network 's late night programming block , Adult Swim .
John Oliver 's New York Stand - Up Show was a stand - up comedy television series that previously aired on Comedy Central in the United States .
Solving History with Olly Steeds is a weekly American documentary adventure reality television series that premiered on January 13 , 2010 on the Discovery Channel .
This Is the Law was a Canadian panel game show which aired on CBC Television from 1971 to 1976 .
Criss Cross Quiz was a quiz programme that combined the game noughts and crosses with general knowledge questions and aired on the ITV network from 1957 to 1967 .
A co - production of Cuppa Coffee Studios and Teletoon , `` Life 's a Zoo.tv '' was named Best Animated Program or Series at the 24th Annual Gemini Awards .
Kay O'Brien is an American television series set at fictional Manhattan General Hospital , which aired for one season on CBS during the 1986 - 87 television season .
Wicked Attraction ( broadcast in some countries as Couples Who Kill ) is a true - crime documentary television series on Investigation Discovery which began airing in the United States in 2008 .
Krazy House is a Canadian comedy television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1977 .
Cool and the Crazy first aired on the cable television network Showtime in 1994 as part of the series Rebel Highway .
The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast is an NBC television special show hosted by entertainer Dean Martin from 1974 to 1984 .
Oh Sit ! is an hour - long game show competition series that premiered on September 27 , 2012 , on The CW .
Movie Surfers is a Disney Channel mini that appears in commercial form where teenagers go behind the scenes of Walt Disney related films .
Watercolour Challenge was a daytime television lifestyle game show that was broadcast on Channel 4 from 15 June 1998 to 23 November 2001 .
Elvis and Slick Monty is a television series which aired on NTTV from 2004 to 2006 .
The Blunders is an animated children 's television series co - produced by FilmFair and Central Independent Television , and broadcast on ITV in 1986 .
Hill Street Blues is an American serial police drama that aired on NBC in primetime from 1981 - 87 for a total of 146 episodes .
Köstebekgiller ( English : Talpidae ) is a Turkish children 's television series that airs on the TRT Çocuk broadcast channel .
Murphy Brown is an American situation comedy which aired on CBS from November 14 , 1988 , to May 18 , 1998 , for a total of 247 episodes .
Young , Dumb and Living Off Mum was an entertainment / reality series airing on BBC Three .
Enseñame a vivir ( Teach me to live ) is an Argentine telenovela produced by Pol - ka and broadcast by El Trece from May 12 to December 14 , 2009 .
Hotel Babylon was a British television drama series based on the book of the same name by Imogen Edwards - Jones , that aired from 19 January 2006 to 14 August 2009 , produced by independent production company Carnival Films for BBC One .
Hotel GB is a British reality television series broadcast on Channel 4 airing for five consecutive nights in October 2012 .
K.C. Undercover is an American sitcom developed for Disney Channel , created by Corinne Marshall and executive produced by Rob Lotterstein .
I Love New York 2 was a reality television show on VH1 that starred Tiffany `` New York '' Pollard who was on a quest to find her true love .
Crocodile Shoes II is a British six part television series made by the BBC and screened on BBC One in 1996 .
America 's Got Talent ( sometimes abbreviated as AGT ) is an American reality television series on the NBC television network , and part of the global British Got Talent franchise .
Appointment with Adventure is a half - hour adventure / dramatic anthology television series broadcast live on CBS from 1955 - -1956 .
The League is an American sitcom that aired on FX and later FXX from October 29 , 2009 to December 9 , 2015 for a total of seven seasons .
Amazon Studios offered the first three episodes of Alpha House for free , with each subsequent episode released weekly thereafter for Amazon Prime members on Amazon Video .
Mighty Magiswords is an American Flash animated online series created by Kyle A. Carrozza ( creator of `` MooBeard : The Cow Pirate '' from Nickelodeon 's Random ! Cartoons ) specifically for Cartoon Network Video being the network 's first original series specifically for online .
Secret Princes is an American reality television series that premiered on TLC on September 21 , 2012 .
Starved is an FX television situation comedy that aired for one season of seven episodes in 2005 .
Monodrama Theater , also known as Mono - Drama Theatre , was a late night television series which aired on the DuMont Television Network weekdays at 11 pm ET from May 1952 to December 1953 .
Pirate TV is an American sketch comedy series that aired on MTV .
Halloweentown High ( also known as Halloweentown III ) is a 2004 Disney Channel Original Movie that premiered on Disney Channel on October 8 , 2004 for the holiday of Halloween .
Circus of the Stars is an annual television special , broadcast by the CBS network in the United States , in which celebrities performed circus - type acts .
Caso Cerrado ( Case Closed ) , formerly Sala de Parejas ( Couples ' Court ) , is a Spanish - language court show broadcast by Telemundo in which Cuban - born , American - raised lawyer Ana María Polo arbitrates cases for volunteer participants .
The Huntley - Brinkley Report ( sometimes known as The Texaco Huntley - Brinkley Report for one of its early sponsors ) was NBC 's flagship evening news program from October 29 , 1956 to July 31 , 1970 .
I Married a Princess is a 2005 reality show on the Lifetime TV network that starred Catherine Oxenberg and her husband Casper Van Dien .
Prudential Family Playhouse is an American anthology drama series that aired on live CBS from October 1950 to March 1951 .
Death By Gossip with Wendy Williams is an American documentary television series on Investigation Discovery which premiered on September 4 , 2015 .
TripTank is an American animated television series which premiered April 2 , 2014 on Comedy Central .
The PBA on KBS was a presentation of Philippine Basketball Association games on Kanlaon Broadcasting System ( now the Radio Philippines Network ) , and was the first broadcaster of the PBA on television .
Entertainment Konek ( lit . Entertainment Connect ) is a Philippine showbiz - oriented talk show aired on ABS - CBN .
50 Grand Slam is a game show from Ralph Andrews Productions that aired on NBC from October 4 to December 31 , 1976 .
Club Reps was a factual entertainment programme made for ITV by STV Productions ( then known as `` SMG TV Productions '' ) .
Medical Investigation was an American medical drama television series that began September 9 , 2004 , on NBC .
The Mystery Maker was a Canadian children 's drama television series which aired on CBC Television in 1967 .
Idiotsitter is an American comedy sitcom that premiered in the form of a web series on Comedy Central 's CC :
NewsRadio is an American television situation comedy that aired on NBC from 1995 to 1999 , focusing on the work lives of the staff of an AM news station .
The Sports Reporters is a sports talk show that airs on ESPN at 9:30 a.m. ET every Sunday morning ( and replayed at 10:30 a.m. ET the same day on ESPN2 ) .
Walulis sieht fern ( English : Walulis watches TV ) is a satirical German television show broadcast on digital television channel EinsPlus .
Cúmplices de um Resgate ( English : Accomplices to a Rescue ) is a Brazilian teen telenovela created by Rosy Ocampo and written by Íris Abravanel , originally broadcast on SBT since August 3 , 2015 .
G String Divas is an American documentary series that aired on HBO .
Sex with Brody is an American talk show that premiered on July 10 , 2015 , on E ! television network .
The News Hole with Harry Shearer is a 1994 game show that aired on Comedy Central from October 26 to November 19 , 1994 .
The Graham Kennedy Show was an Australian talk show which debuted on 19 September 1972 on the Nine Network .
Decisiones ( Spanish pronunciation : ( desiˈsjones ) , Decisions ) is a Telemundo - produced Spanish - language television anthology of steamy melodramas about passion and sex in the modern world .
The Biggest Loser ( season 2 ) is the second season of the NBC competitive reality television series entitled The Biggest Loser .
Degrassi Junior High is a Canadian CBC Television teen drama series that was produced from 1987 to 1989 as part of the Degrassi series .
Spy Groove ( also known as SG ) was an American animated series that aired for one season on Teletoon in Canada and for six episodes on MTV in the United States .
Cutter to Houston is an American medical drama starring Shelley Hack , Jim Metzler , and Alec Baldwin that aired on CBS on Saturday night from October 1 to December 31 , 1983 at 8 p.m Eastern time .
Mr. Romance is a 2005 US tongue - in - cheek reality television show which aired on Oxygen .
Snooki & Jwoww ( sometimes rendered Snooki & JWOWW in print and online sources ) is an American reality television series on MTV starring Nicole `` Snooki '' Polizzi and Jennifer `` JWoww '' Farley .
USA High is an American teen sitcom which ran from August 1997 to June 1999 , ended after 95 episodes , and reran until August 4 , 2001 on USA Network .
My Family Tree is a Disney Channel short that first aired in November 2010 , which is still airing on Disney Channel .
Shining Time Station : ' Tis a Gift is the Christmas special of the PBS television series Shining Time Station first broadcast on December 9 , 1990 .
Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge USA 2008 is an Indian television singing competition show that has premiered on 20 June 2008 on Zee TV channel .
Spyder Games is a television series that was broadcast on MTV from June 18 , 2001 , through September 20 , 2001 .
Vivir para amar , is a Venezuelan telenovela produced by Antonio Franco for TVes .
Caro maestro ( Dear teacher ) is an Italian television comedy series which aired from 1996 to 1997 on Canale 5 .
The Albertans is a Canadian dramatic television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1979 .
The Dance Scene is an American reality television series on E ! that follows the lives of Laurieann Gibson and her team of professional dancers and choreographers as they live and work in the highly competitive dance and entertainment industry , preparing for variety of performances around the world .
Cagney & Lacey is an American television series that originally aired on the CBS television network for seven seasons from March 25 , 1982 to May 16 , 1988 .
Teen Mom 3 is an American reality television series that premiered on August 26 , 2013 , on MTV and concluded its run on November 18 , 2013 .
Rodzina zastępcza ( eng . Foster Family ) was a popular Polish primetime comedy series broadcast on Polsat from February 23 , 1999 to December 20 , 2009 .
City Guys is an American sitcom that aired for five seasons on NBC from September 6 , 1997 to December 15 , 2001 .
Ensign O'Toole is a military comedy that aired on NBC from September 23 , 1962 , to May 5 , 1963 , with 31-year - old Dean Jones in the title role of a nonchalant United States Navy ensign during the early 1960s .
Collateral Man , originally titled El garante ( English : The Guarantor ) , is an Argentine television horror miniseries originally transmitted in 1997 by Canal 9 .
The Loner is an American western series that ran for less than one season on CBS from 1965 to 1966 , under the alternate sponsorship of Philip Morris and Procter & Gamble .
The New Dance Show was a television show in Detroit , Michigan , which ran on WGPR - TV 62 ( now a CBS affiliate known as WWJ - TV ) .
Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels is the third season of Rock of Love with Bret Michaels and was confirmed by VH1 's website in a blog on July 16 , 2008 .
Jack London 's Tales of the Klondike is a Canadian television miniseries which aired on CBC Television in 1981 .
The Adventures of Rupert Bear was a live - action , puppet television series , based on the Mary Tourtel character , Rupert Bear , produced by ATV Network , and aired from 28 October 1969 to 24 August 1977 on the ITV network , with 156 11-minute episodes produced over four series .
Prime Time is a current affairs programme airing on RTÉ One on Monday ( 22.30 ) and Tuesday and Thursday nights ( following the RTÉ Nine O'Clock News ) .
Deadliest Catch is a reality television series produced by Original Productions for the Discovery Channel .
Speeders Fight Back is a nontraditional court show on TruTV that began airing in the fall of 2008 and is a spin - off of Speeders .
A Different World is an American television sitcom which aired for six seasons on NBC from September 24 , 1987 --
Megan Wants a Millionaire is an American reality television show on VH1 in which former Rock of Love contestant Megan Hauserman has seventeen wealthy single men compete for her love .
Körslaget is a Swedish entertainment TV program on TV4 .
Murdered by My Boyfriend is a BAFTA Award - winning one - off fact - based drama first aired on BBC Three in 2014 .
Run of the House is a sitcom on The WB , that aired between September 2003 and May 2004 .
Hymn Sing was a Canadian television series produced in Winnipeg , Manitoba , for CBC Television .
Miami Ink is an American reality show on TLC that follows the events that took place at a tattoo shop in Miami Beach , Florida .
Next Action Star is an American reality television program shown on NBC from June to July 2004 .
The Hunt with John Walsh is an investigation / documentary series that debuted on CNN on July 13 , 2014 .
The first season of sixteen black - and - white and colored episodes aired on NBC between January 12 , 1958 and December 21 , 1958 as Shirley Temple 's Storybook .
The Katie & Peter franchise is a series of ITV2 shows that documented glamour model Katie Price and her former husband Peter Andre .
Day To Remember is a British Christmas television play first transmitted 9.45pm Sunday 21 December 1986 on Channel 4 from Television South Production in association with the Theatre of Comedy Entertainment .
The Money Machine was a show on ZDTV , and later TechTV , hosted by Carmine Gallo .
Hem till Midgård ( `` Home to Midgard '' ) is a Swedish sit - com which ran on TV4 in Sweden during 2003 .
High Tower was the 2014 edition of Sveriges Radio 's Christmas Calendar .
Banyon is a detective series broadcast in the United States by NBC as part of its 1972 - 73 television schedule , though a standalone two - hour television movie was broadcast first in March 1971 .
Jack Holborn was a 1982 ZDF Adventure TV mini - series .
Jackassworld.com : 24 Hour Takeover was a 24-hour live TV special featuring many stars of the MTV show and movie franchise Jackass from February 23 - -24 , 2008 .
Let 's Go to the Museum was a Canadian children 's television series which aired on CBC Television from 1954 to 1956 .
Commonwealth Televiews was a Canadian documentary television series which aired on CBC Television from 1957 to 1958 .
Polygrapha is a Neotropical nymphalid butterfly genus in the subfamily Charaxinae .
Lipoptena is a genus of Hippoboscidae , known as louse flies or keds .
Calandrella is a genus of lark in the Alaudidae family .
The Clear Creek gambusia ( Gambusia heterochir ) is a species of fish in the Poeciliidae family endemic to the United States , particularly Menard County , Texas .
The Sphecinae is a subfamily of the digger wasp family Sphecidae .
Pegoplata , sometimes known as Nupedia , is a genus of flies within the family Anthomyiidae .
Caprella is a large genus of skeleton shrimps belonging to the subfamily Caprellinae of the family Caprellidae .
The Valley Carpenter Bee , Xylocopa varipuncta , is one of three species of carpenter bee found from western New Mexico to southern California .
The Isla De La Juventud tree hutia or southern hutia ( Mysateles meridionalis ) is a species of rodent in the family Capromyidae .
Turanovia incompleta is an extinct species of earwigs , in the genus Turanovia , the family Protodiplatyidae , the suborder Archidermaptera , and the order Dermaptera .
Cynognathus is an extinct genus of large - bodied cynodont therapsid that lived in the Early and Middle Triassic .
Pearcea is a South American genus of 17 species of tropical herbs in the flowering plant family Gesneriaceae .
Crawfordina is a genus of medium - sized sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cancellariidae , the nutmeg snails .
Pseudepidalea is a genus of toads in the family Bufonidae , the true toads .
The Sonora chub ( Gila ditaenia ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the Cyprinidae family .
Labenopimplinae are an extinct subfamily of the parasitic wasp family Ichneumonidae .
Comactinia is a genus of crinoids , characteristically with 10 arms , belonging to the family Comasteridae .
Perrottetia is a genus of flowering plants in the family Dipentodontaceae described as a family in 1824 .
The family Campanulaceae ( also bellflower family ) , of the order Asterales , contains nearly 2400 species in 84 genera of herbaceous plants , shrubs , and rarely small trees , often with milky non - toxic sap .
Equisetum ( /ˌɛkwᵻˈsiːtəm/ ; horsetail , snake grass , puzzlegrass ) is the only living genus in Equisetaceae , a family of vascular plants that reproduce by spores rather than seeds .
Sparnodus is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish in the family Sparidae .
Kloss 's squirrel or Kloss squirrel ( Callosciurus albescens ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Eupolypods II is a clade of ferns in the order Polypodiales , under the class Polypodiopsida .
The Skomer vole ( Myodes glareolus skomerensis ) is a subspecies of bank vole endemic to the island of Skomer , off the west coast of Wales .
The Indian vulture ( Gyps indicus ) is an Old World vulture and is closely related to the griffon vulture , G. fulvus .
Clytopsis dimidiaticornis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Clytopsis .
Halotthia is a genus of fungi in the family Zopfiaceae ; according to the 2007 Outline of Ascomycota , the placement in this family is uncertain .
Zenostephanus is true ammonite genus from the lower part of the Upper Jurassic of eastern England and Scotland belonging to the ammonitid family , Perisphinctidae .
Tropaeolum speciosum ( common names flame flower and flame nasturtium ) is a species of flowering plant in the family Tropaeolaceae native to Chile , where it is known locally as coralito , quintralito , or voqui .
Vitagonum apterum is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Vitagonum .
Allison 's anole ( Anolis allisoni ) , also known as the blue - headed anole , is a species of anole .
Cyanopica is a genus of magpie in the family Corvidae .
The São Paulo tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes paulista ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Cimolodontidae is a family of fossil mammals within the extinct order Multituberculata .
The Hunter Island penguin ( Tasidyptes hunteri ) is an extinct penguin , subfossil remains of which were found in a Holocene Aboriginal midden at Stockyard Site on Hunter Island , in Bass Strait 5 km off the western end of the north coast of Tasmania , Australia .
Russalpia is a genus of Orthoptera which belongs to the Acrididae family .
Pellacalyx is a genus of trees in the family Rhizophoraceae .
Vaccinioideae is a flowering - plant subfamily in the family Ericaceae .
Poss 's scorpionfish , Scorpaenopsis possi , is a scorpionfish from the Indo - Pacific .
Chaetogenys straneoi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Chaetogenys .
Arcticodactylus is a genus of basal pterosaur living during the Late Triassic in the area of present Greenland .
Fungia is a genus of mushroom , disc or plate corals in the family Fungiidae .
The Cossinae are the nominate subfamily of the Cossidae ( carpenter or goat moths ) .
Brumback 's night monkey ( Aotus brumbacki ) is a species of night monkey found in Colombia .
Myrmeocorus allodapus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Myrmeocorus .
The Gundlach 's hawk ( Accipiter gundlachi ) is a species of bird of prey in the Accipitridae family .
Mazapilitinae is a subfamily of Upper Jurassic ammonites included in the Oppeliidae .
Oxycheilopsis cretacicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Oxycheilopsis .
The Bornean whistler ( Pachycephala hypoxantha ) is a species of bird in the Pachycephalidae family .
Baliochila is a genus of butterfly , commonly called buffs , in the family Lycaenidae .
Hume 's hawk - owl ( Ninox obscura ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
The Viti Levu snipe ( Coenocorypha miratropica ) was a species of austral snipe endemic to Fiji .
Desmarestiaceae is a family of brown algae , one of two families in the order Desmarestiales .
Aliptina acheronae is a species of very small sea snails , marine gastropod molluscs in the family Cerithiopsidae , and the only species in the genus Aliptina .
Brilliant rasbora ( Rasbora einthovenii ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Rasbora .
The Ward 's flycatcher ( Pseudobias wardi ) , also known as Ward 's flycatcher - vanga is a species of bird in the Vangidae family .
Ciliopagurus is a genus of hermit crabs , of the family Diogenidae , which are sometimes referred to as the `` left - handed hermit crabs '' , because in contrast to most other hermit crabs , the left chela ( claw ) is enlarged instead of the right .
The Indian hairy - footed gerbil , Gerbillus gleadowi , is a species of gerbil found mainly in Pakistan and northwestern India , They inhabit dry , sandy , and rocky country with sparse vegetation .
Phascolonus was a genus of prehistoric Australian marsupials in the wombat family .
Solenomelus is a genus of South American ( Argentina + Chile ) species of flowering plants in the family Iridaceae .
The Val 's gundi ( Ctenodactylus vali ) is a species of rodent in the family Ctenodactylidae .
Camaenidae is a family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Helicoidea , the typical snails and their allies .
Nannocampus elegans J. L. B. Smith , 1953 ( elegant pipefish ) Nannocampus lindemanensis ( Whitley , 1948 ) ( painted pipefish ) Nannocampus pictus ( Duncker , 1915 ) ( reef pipefish ) Nannocampus subosseus Günther , 1870 ( bony - headed pipefish ) Nannocampus weberi Duncker , 1915
The Tepehuan shiner ( Cyprinella alvarezdelvillari ) is a species of cyprinid fish endemic to Mexico .
Reesa is a monotypic genus of beetles in the family Dermestidae , the skin beetles .
The plant tribe Phaseoleae is one of the subdivisions of the legume subfamily Faboideae .
Distylium ( Winter - hazel ) is a genus of about 18 species of evergreen shrubs and trees in the witch hazel family Hamamelidaceae , native to eastern and southeastern Asia .
The Minahassa masked owl ( Tyto inexspectata ) , also known as the Minahassa barn owl , Sulawesi owl or Sulawesi golden owl , is an endemic barn owl living on Sulawesi , Indonesia .
Callosobruchus is a genus of beetles in the family Chrysomelidae , the leaf beetles .
Brandt 's hedgehog ( Paraechinus hypomelas ) is a species of desert hedgehog native to the Middle East and Middle Asia .
Hudsonia ( goldenheather , poverty grass ) is a small genus of three species of flowering plants in the family Cistaceae , native to North America .
Sesame ( /ˈsɛsəmiː/ ; Sesamum indicum ) is a flowering plant in the genus Sesamum .
Pseuduvaria is a genus of 38 species of plants , of the plant family Annonaceae .
Couratari is a genus of trees in the family Lecythidaceae , first described as a genus in 1775 .
The Wushan salamander ( Liua shihi ) is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family .
Dacryoconarida is an extinct subclass of free living animals from the Tentaculita class , which were common in the Devonian oceans ( Fisher , 1962 ) .
Petasina is a genus of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial animal pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Hygromiidae , the hairy snails and their allies .
Holocneminae is a subfamily of cellar spiders ( family Pholcidae ) .
Armbruster 's wolf ( Canis armbrusteri ) is an extinct species of canid which was endemic to North America and lived during the Irvingtonian stage of the Pleistocene epoch 1.8 Mya--300,000 years ago , existing for approximately 1.5 million years .
Oligoceras is a plant genus of the family Euphorbiaceae , first described as a genus in 1924 .
Gymnomyza is a genus of birds , in the honeyeater family Meliphagidae , which are restricted to a few islands in the southwest Pacific Ocean .
The Bolivian river dolphin ( Inia geoffrensis boliviensis ) , a mammal , is a subspecies of the Amazon river dolphin .
Millet 's leopoldamys ( Leopoldamys milleti ) is a species of rodent from the family Muridae .
The Tasmanian clingfish ( Aspasmogaster tasmaniensis ) is a clingfish of the family Gobiesocidae , found around the western and southern coasts of Australia including Tasmania .
Lazuardia is a monotypic genus of cup fungi in the family Pyronemataceae .
The Blue Mountains water skink ( Eulamprus leuraensis ) is a species of skink in the family Scincidae .
The Carnivora , Creodonta , Pholidota , and a few other extinct orders are informally grouped together in the clade Ferae .
Atlantic herring ( Clupea harengus ) is a herring in the family Clupeidae .
The Palau swiftlet ( Aerodramus pelewensis ) is a species of swift in the Apodidae family .
The Bale shrew ( Crocidura bottegoides ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Anisopodesthes zikani is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Anisopodesthes .
The Andean gerbil mouse or Altiplano laucha ( Eligmodontia puerulus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Rennell starling ( Aplonis insularis ) is a species of starling in the family Sturnidae .
Bergrothomyia is an Australian genus of crane fly in the family Limoniidae .
Zapogon is a genus of fish in the family Apogonidae , the cardinalfishes .
Streblus is a genus of flowering plant in the mulberry family , Moraceae .
Cataegidae is a family of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
Apis andreniformis or the black dwarf honey bee is a relatively rare species of honey bee whose native habitat is the tropical and subtropical regions of southeast Asia .
Xiphidium is a genus of herbs in the family Haemodoraceae first described as a genus in 1775 .
The Spanish imperial eagle , Iberian imperial eagle or Adalbert 's eagle ( Aquila adalberti ) is a threatened species of eagle that only occurs in central and south - west Spain , adjacent areas of Portugal and possibly northern Morocco , although the latter is disputed .
Squaliolus is a genus of deep - sea dogfish sharks in the family Dalatiidae .
Coronavirinae is one of two subfamilies in the family Coronaviridae .
Rydingia is a genus of plants in the Lamiaceae family , first described in 2007 .
In 2004 , Peter Makovicky , Kobayashi and Currie pointed out that Deinocheirus was likely a primitive ornithomimosaurian , since it lacked some of the features typical of the Ornithomimidae family .
Eurysternus is a genus of Scarabaeinae or dung beetles in the family Scarabaeidae , tribe Oniticellini .
Lacertamoeba is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium - all of which are parasitic protozoa .
Adélie penguin , Pygoscelis adeliae Chinstrap penguin , Pygoscelis antarctica Gentoo penguin , Pygoscelis papua Extinct species :
The Tibetan partridge ( Perdix hodgsoniae ) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes .
Fistularia tabacaria is a species of cornetfish found along the Atlantic coasts of the Americas .
Synageles is a genus of antlike jumping spiders ( Salticidae ) with about 20 described species .
Oppelia is a haploceratcean ammonite and type genus for the Oppeliidae that lived during the Middle Jurassic .
Megabraula is a fly genus in the family Braulidae ( Diptera ) , or bee lice .
Synima is a genus of tropical rainforest trees , constituting part of the plant family Sapindaceae .
The Maltese skate or Maltese ray ( Leucoraja melitensis ) is a species of fish in the Rajidae family .
The Oegophiurida are an order of brittle stars , class Ophiuroidea .
The Andaman crow ( Euploea andamanensis ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Guillardia is a genus of flagellate cryptomonad algae belonging to the family Geminigeraceae , containing a secondary plastid within a reduced cytoplasmic compartment that contains a vestigial nucleomorph .
Boloria is a brush - footed butterfly ( Nymphalidae ) genus .
The Spalacidae , or spalacids , are a family of rodents in the large and complex superfamily Muroidea .
Lamini ( members are called laminoids ) is a tribe of the subfamily Camelinae .
Fraas ' lizard ( Parvilacerta fraasii , syn . Lacerta fraasii ) is a species of lizard in the family Lacertidae .
Chives is the common name of Allium schoenoprasum , an edible species of the Allium genus .
Elodina is a genus of butterflies in the Pieridae family .
The Indian egg - eating snake or Indian egg - eater ( Elachistodon westermanni ) is a rare species of egg - eating snake found in the Indian subcontinent .
The Argentine snake - necked turtle , also known as the South American snake - necked turtle ( Hydromedusa tectifera ) is a species of turtle , known for the long neck which gave it its name .
The Arabian warbler , Red Sea warbler or Blandford 's warbler ( Sylvia leucomelaena ) , is a species of Old World warbler in the Sylviidae family .
Biantidae are included in the superfamily Samooidea , which mainly radiated in South America .
Scoliodon is a genus of requiem shark , and part of the family Carcharhinidae .
Underwood 's mussurana ( Clelia errabunda ) is an extinct species of snake formerly endemic to the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia .
As the family Halosauridae , halosaurs are one of two families within the order Notacanthiformes ; the other being the deep - sea spiny eels , Notacanthidae .
The Little Colorado River Sucker or Little Colorado Sucker ( Catostomus sp.3 ) is a fish very similar to the Flannelmouth Sucker ( Catostomus latipinnis ) but without the Flannelmouth 's distinct fleshy lips .
The Cuban vireo ( Vireo gundlachii ) is a species of bird in the Vireonidae family that is endemic to Cuba .
The Hebrew character ( Orthosia gothica ) is a species of moth in the family Noctuidae .
Protulophila is a genus of symbiotic or commensal colonial Hydrozoa , known from very small hydroids .
Paracynarctus is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a terrestrial canine ( bear - dog ) which inhabited most of North America during the Early Hemingfordian stage of the Early Miocene subepoch through the Early Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene subepoch 20.6 - -13.6 Ma , existing for approximately 7 million years .
Fossil wings have been discovered in the Permian of Kansas which have a close resemblance to wings of Mastotermes of the Mastotermitidae , which is the most primitive living termite .
The Australian green tree frog , simply green tree frog in Australia , White 's tree frog , or dumpy tree frog ( Litoria caerulea ) is a species of tree frog native to Australia and New Guinea , with introduced populations in the United States and New Zealand , though the latter is believed to have died out .
The Chinese grosbeak or yellow - billed grosbeak ( Eophona migratoria ) is a species of finch in the Fringillidae family .
Biondia is a genus of plant in family Apocynaceae , first described as a genus in 1905 .
Capnodium is a genus of sooty molds in the family Capnodiaceae .
Lorma is a genus of herbivorous Coccinellidae containing a single species , L. haliki , described from Sao Paulo , Brazil .
The Pecos pupfish ( Cyprinodon pecosensis ) is a species of Pupfish in the Cyprinodontidae family .
The Hudson Bay toad ( Anaxyrus americanus copei ) is a rare subspecies of the American toad .
Turneria is a genus of ants that belongs to the subfamily Dolichoderinae .
The Mangrove red snapper ( commonly called mangrove jack within Australia ) , Lutjanus argentimaculatus is a species of snapper .
Yefremov named the family Phthinosuchidae in 1954 to include Phthinosaurus and the newly named Phthinosuchus , which was described on the basis of a crushed partial skull .
The phylogenetic analysis of the original description of Zapatadon found it as a part of a clade that contains to the subfamilies Eilenodontidae ( Toxolophosaurus , Eilenosaurus ) and Sphenodontinae ( Sphenodon , Cynosphenodon ) , in an unresolved polytomy with the genus Opisthias and this subfamilies , within the family Sphenodontidae .
The Migadopinae are a subfamily of beetles in the family Carabidae , containing these genera :
The Rio Grande darter ( Etheostoma grahami ) is a species of darter endemic to the lower Rio Grande drainage of the United States and Mexico .
Bernard 's wolf ( Canis lupus bernardi ) , also known as the Banks Island tundra wolf , Banks Island wolf , and the Victoria 's Island wolf , was a subspecies of the gray wolf , Canis lupus , that was limited to the Banks and Victoria Island of the Canadian arctic .
Sonan 's salamander , Hynobius sonani , is a species of salamander in the Hynobiidae family , endemic to Taiwan , where it occurs in the Central Mountain Range above 2,750 m ( 9,020 ft ) .
Talarurus was assigned to the Ankylosauridae by Maleev in its original description in 1952 .
The Manusela mosaic - tailed rat ( Melomys fraterculus ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Archiearinae is a subfamily of the geometer moth family ( Geometridae ) .
Bloomeria , a geophyte in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Brodiaeoideae , was named for Hiram Green Bloomer ( 1819 - -1874 ) an early San Francisco botanist .
Fegimanra is a small genus of trees in the subfamily Anacardioideae of the cashew and sumac family Anacardiaceae .
The Malabar grey hornbill ( Ocyceros griseus ) is a hornbill endemic to the Western Ghats and associated hills of southern India .
The La Selle thrush ( Turdus swalesi ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
Melientha is a genus of plants in the family Opiliaceae described as a genus in 1888 .
Parandraceps turnbowi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Parandraceps .
Sepiadariidae is a family of cephalopods in the order Sepiida .
The Mindoro hawk - owl ( Ninox mindorensis ) is a species of owl in the family Strigidae .
Leptomerycinae is an extinct subfamily within the ruminant family Leptomerycidae .
Metaliomys is an extinct genus of Heteromyidae that existed in the United States during the Late Miocene period .
Aphelenchoididae is a nematode family in the order Aphelenchida .
The American bullfrog ( Rana catesbeiana ) , often simply known as the bullfrog in Canada and the United States , is an amphibious frog , a member of the family Ranidae , or `` true frogs '' .
Padogobius nigricans , the Arno goby , is a species of goby endemic to Italy .
Mesocyon is an extinct genus of terrestrial carnivore within the family Canidae , subfamily Hesperocyoninae , which inhabited North America from the Early Oligocene 33.9 - -20.6 Ma , existing for approximately 18 million years .
Serpenticaulis bowkettiae , the striped snake orchid ( previously Bulbophyllum bowkettiae ) is a species of orchid from Queensland , Australia .
Betaentomopoxvirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Poxviridae , in the subfamily Entomopoxvirinae .
Chimonanthus ( wintersweet ) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Calycanthaceae , endemic to China .
Neumann 's starling , or Neumann 's red - winged starling ( Onychognathus neumanni ) is a bird native to Africa .
The Mormon cricket ( Anabrus simplex ) is a large insect that can grow to almost 8 cm ( 3 inches ) in length .
Orzolina thalassophila is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Orzolina .
The Manitoba wolf ( Canis lupus griseoalbus ) , also known as the grey - white wolf , is a subspecies of the gray wolf , Canis lupus , that used to roam in Alberta , Manitoba , and Saskatchewan .
Neotyphlus franzi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Neotyphlus .
The Nubian flapshell turtle ( Cyclanorbis elegans ) is one of two species of softshell turtle in the genus Cyclanorbis of the Trionychidae family .
APG II places Stylidiaceae and Donatiaceae in the Asterales .
Chironex is a genus of box jellyfish in the Chirodropidae family .
The Zempoaltepec ( Peromyscus melanocarpus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Cephalocarida are a class in the subphylum Crustacea comprising only 12 benthic species .
The McGregor 's cuckooshrike or sharp - tailed cuckooshrike ( Coracina mcgregori ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
The Galapagos crake or Galapagos rail ( Laterallus spilonota ) is a small rail endemic to the Galapagos Islands .
The Sclater 's antwren ( Myrmotherula sclateri ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
The Timor roundleaf bat ( Hipposideros crumeniferus ) is a species of bat in the family Hipposideridae .
Ambulyx is a genus of moths in the Sphingidae family , described by Westwood in 1847 .
Nototeredo is a genus of ship - worms , marine bivalve molluscs of the family Teredinidae .
Aulacaspis , is a scale insect genus in the family Diaspididae .
The Chinese highland shrew ( Sorex excelsus ) is a species of shrew in the family Soricidae .
Acanthoscelides is a genus of bean weevils , beetles of the subfamily Bruchinae .
Wallago is a genus of catfishes order Siluriformes of the family Siluridae , or sheatfish .
Pseudomorphinae is a subfamily of ground beetles ( family Carabidae ) .
The Australian golden whistler ( Pachycephala pectoralis ) is a species of bird found in forest , woodland , mallee , mangrove and scrub in Australia ( except the interior and most of the north ) and in mountain forest in the Snow Mountains in the Papua Province of Indonesia .
The South African springhare ( Pedetes capensis ) , or springhaas as it is called in Afrikaans , is not actually a hare , but a Rodent .
Thelypteris ( maiden ferns ) is a genus of ferns in the family Thelypteridaceae , order Polypodiales .
Aphanes ( parsley - piert ) is a genus of around 20 species in the rose family ( Rosaceae ) , native to Europe , Asia and Australia .
Mustelinae is a paraphyletic subfamily of family Mustelidae , which includes wolverines , weasels , ferrets , martens , and minks , to the exclusion of the otters ( Lutrinae ) .
Celtis bungeana , commonly known as Bunge 's hackberry is a deciduous tree in the Celtis genus that can grow 15 meters in height .
Paroreodon is an extinct genus of oreodont of the family Merycoidodontidae , subfamily Merycoidodontinae , endemic to North America during the Oligocene - Miocene subepochs ( 30.8 - -20.6 mya ) , existing for approximately 10.2 million years .
Cinctipora is a bryozoan genus in the family Cinctiporidae also known in fossil records .
Chaunax is a genus of bony fish in the sea toad family Chaunacidae .
Halone is a genus of moth in the family Arctiidae from southern Asia and Australia .
Named in 2003 , Susisuchus is the sole member of the family Susisuchidae , and is closely related to the clade Eusuchia , which includes living crocodilians .
Trophis is a genus in the plant family Moraceae which includes about nine species , six of which are Neotropical and three which are Palaeotropical .
Hirtodrosophila is a genus of fruit fly from the family Drosophilidae .
Corynexochina is a poorly understood subdivision of the trilobite order Corynexochida .
Myelochroa is a genus of lichenized fungi within the family Parmeliaceae .
Ant nest beetles ( subfamily Paussinae ) or paussines , some members of which are known also as flanged bombardier beetles , are a large subfamily within the ground beetles ( Carabidae ) .
Thaumatogryllus is a genus of crickets in the family Gryllidae .
Moreiradromia is a genus of sponge crabs in the family Dromiidae .
The Makumuno Assumbo caecilian , Idiocranium russeli , is a species of African caecilian in the family Indotyphlidae .
Xenopsylla is a flea genus in the family Pulicidae .
The Natal Midlands dwarf chameleon ( Bradypodion thamnobates ) , also known under the longer common name of KwaZulu - Natal Midlands dwarf chameleon , is a chameleon native to woodland habitat in the Midlands area of the South African province of KwaZulu - Natal .
The Australian sharpnose shark ( Rhizoprionodon taylori ) is a requiem shark , belonging to the family Carcharhinidae .
Paramyxoviridae ( from Greek para- , beyond , -myxo- , mucus or slime , plus virus , from Latin poison , slime , thus meaning `` slime beyond slime '' ; often abbreviated PMV ) is a family of viruses in the order Mononegavirales .
Cipura is a genus of perennial , herbaceous and bulbous plants in the Iris family ( Iridaceae ) , related to the genus Cypella .
Delany 's mouse or Delany 's swamp mouse ( Delanymys brooksi ) is a species of rodent in the family Nesomyidae .
Lufengpithecus is a genus of extinct ape generally placed in the Ponginae subfamily .
The Gadidae are a family of marine fish , included in the order Gadiformes , known as the cods , codfishes or true cods .
Syrdenoidius spinipes is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Syrdenoidius .
Oosterellidae is an extinct ammonoid cephalopod family belonging to the superfamily Perisphinctoidea .
Vateriopsis seychellarum is a species of plant in the family Dipterocarpaceae .
Doratulina is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae , subfamily Deltocephalinae , tribe Stenometopiini .
The Gulf Coast pygmy sunfish , Elassoma gilberti , is a species of pygmy sunfish endemic to Florida , USA .
The Père David 's rock squirrel ( Sciurotamias davidianus ) , also known as the Chinese rock squirrel , is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Secatophus australis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Secatophus .
The Finsch 's francolin ( Scleroptila finschi ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Axelia is a prehistoric genus of lobe - finned fish which belonged to the family of Coelacanthidae .
The Mali cobra ( Naja katiensis ) , also called the Katian spitting cobra , is a species of spitting cobra found in West Africa .
The South - west European nase ( Parachondrostoma toxostoma ) is a species of cyprinid fish that is found in France and Spain .
Anodonta is a genus of freshwater mussels in the family Unionidae , the river mussels .
Hadrokirus martini is an extinct species of true seal ( Phocidae ) that lived on the coast of Peru about 6 million years ago .
Turbinoidea was a superfamily of small to large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Octomylodon is an extinct genus of ground sloth of the family Mylodontidae , living during the Miocene - Pleistocene .
Carinostoma is an harvestmen genus in the family Nemastomatidae .
Notopteroidei is a suborder of the order Osteoglossiformes that contains the Gymnarchidae ( aba ) , Notopteridae ( feather backs and knifefish ) , mormyrids ( the elephantfishes ) , as well as extinct families .
Gratiola is a genus of plants in the Plantaginaceae family .
Peachella is an average sized biceratopsid trilobite , that exhibits the strongly effaced cephalic features that are typical for a clade wikthin the Biceratopsinae subfamily .
The Cresthead flounder , Pseudopleuronectes schrenki , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
The Armenian gull ( Larus armenicus ) is a large gull found in the Caucasus and Middle East .
Clover yellow mosaic virus ( ClYMV ) is a plant pathogenic virus in the genus Potexvirus and the virus family Alphaflexiviridae .
Lepidonectes corallicola , known commonly as the Galapagos triplefin blenny , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Lepidonectes .
Pedicularis is a genus of perennial green root parasite plants currently placed in the broomrape family Orobanchaceae ( the genus previously having been placed in Scrophulariaceae sensu lato ) .
The Grand Comoro drongo ( Dicrurus fuscipennis ) is a species of bird in the Dicruridae family .
Xyletinus is a genus of beetles in the family Anobiidae and subfamily Xyletininae .
Dichorisandra is a genus of perennial monocotyledonous flowering plants in the dayflower family ( Commelinaceae ) .
Piranhea is a plant genus under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1866 .
Australocamelus is an extinct genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to North America during the Miocene 16.3 - -13.6 mya existing for approximately 2.7 million years .
Omalogyroidea is a superfamily of minute sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the informal group Lower Heterobranchia .
Kupeus arcuatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Kupeus .
The Chaetothyriaceae are a family of ascomycetous fungi within the order Chaetothyriales and within the class Eurotiomycetes .
Beddomeia is a genus of very small freshwater snails that have a gill and an operculum , aquatic operculate gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
The Australasian gannet ( Morus serrator or Sula bassana ) , also known as Australian gannet and Tākapu , is a large seabird of the gannet family Sulidae .
The Tanimbar flycatcher ( Ficedula riedeli ) is a species of bird in the family Muscicapidae .
Dinomischus is a rare fossil animal from the Cambrian period .
The Rudd 's apalis ( Apalis ruddi ) is a species of bird in the Cisticolidae family .
Placenticeratidae is an extinct family of mostly Late Cretaceous ammonites ( cephalopod order Ammonitida ) included in the superfamily Hoplitaceae , derived from the Engonoceratidae by an increase in suture complexity .
Sinohippus is an extinct equid genus belonging to the subfamily Anchitheriinae .
Blacktip cardinalfish ( Apogon atradorsatus ) are reef fish in the South Pacific .
Myiopagis is a genus of bird in the Tyrannidae family , the tyrant flycatchers .
Retrophyllum is a genus of coniferous gymnosperms in the family Podocarpaceae .
Macmillan 's thicket rat ( Grammomys macmillani ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
Under the Cronquist classification system , Polygalaceae were treated in a separate order of their own , Polygalales .
The Euphrates softshell turtle ( Rafetus euphraticus ) is a species of softshell turtle in the Trionychidae family .
Trymalium is a genus of shrubs or trees in the family Rhamnaceae .
The Panama slender opossum ( Marmosops invictus ) , also known as the slaty slender mouse opossum , is a species of opossum in the family Didelphidae .
Eulaceura is a genus of butterflies in the family Nymphalidae subfamily Apaturinae .
The Montseny brook newt ( Catalan : tritó del Montseny ) , Calotriton arnoldi , is a species of salamander in the family Salamandridae .
Reticulitermes is a termite genus in the family Rhinotermitidae .
Mimachlamys is a genus of scallops , marine bivalve molluscs in the taxonomic family Pectinidae .
Oarisma is a genus of butterflies in the skipper family , Hesperiidae .
The Maud Island frog , Leiopelma pakeka , is a primitive frog native to New Zealand , one of only four extant species belonging to the taxonomic family Leiopelmatidae .
The Sangihe tarsier ( Tarsius sangirensis ) , also known as Sangihe Island tarsier , is a small primate found on Sangir Island , which is located about 200 kilometers north - east of the island of Sulawesi in Indonesia .
The Forrest 's rock squirrel ( Sciurotamias forresti ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The treatise on Invertebrate Paleontology , Part H Brachiopida ( revised ) now places the Order Pentamerida in the Class Rhynchonellata and divides it into the suborders Syntrophiidina and Pentameridina .
Parandrinae is a subfamily of the longhorn beetle family ( Cerambycidae ) .
Pholcidae , commonly known as cellar spiders , are a spider family in the suborder Araneomorphae .
Maihuenia is a genus of cactus ( family Cactaceae ) and the sole genus of the subfamily Maihuenioideae , which is the smallest subfamily of the Cactaceae .
The Nayarit mouse or Sinaloan deer mouse ( Peromyscus simulus ) is a species of cricetid rodent endemic to Mexico .
The Lord Howe woodhen ( Gallirallus sylvestris ) also known as the Lord Howe Island woodhen or Lord Howe ( Island ) rail , is a flightless bird of the rail family , ( Rallidae ) .
The Chinese francolin ( Francolinus pintadeanus ) or Burmeese francolin is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
The Mossambique forest tree frog , Leptopelis mossambicus , is a species of frog in the Arthroleptidae family found in Malawi , Mozambique , South Africa , Swaziland , Zimbabwe , and possibly Botswana .
Micronelima brevipes is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Paghman stream salamander or the Afghani brook salamander ( Paradactylodon mustersi ) is a salamander endemic to Afghanistan .
Oxera is a genus of flowering plants in the family Labiatae / Lamiaceae native to Vanuatu and New Caledonia in the western Pacific .
Odopoia is a genus of wasps in the family Torymidae , containing the following species :
Sierraia is a genus of freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic prosobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Bithyniidae .
The Bering cisco or Lauretta whitefish ( Coregonus laurettae ) is a freshwater whitefish found in Alaska and part of Russia .
Hohenbergiopsis is a genus in the botanical family Bromeliaceae , subfamily Bromelioideae .
The Gueldenstaedt 's shrew ( Crocidura gueldenstaedtii ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Contemporary taxonomic treatments include Rhynchospora and the related genus Pleurostachys in the tribe Rhynchosporae , a well - supported clade within Cyperaceae .
Olegius turkmenicus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Olegius .
The Busuanga squirrel ( Sundasciurus hoogstraali ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
The Aspidoceratidae comprise a family of middle and upper Jurassic ammonites that make up part of the superfamily Perisphinctoidea , characterized by evolute shells , commonly stocky , that tend to develop tubercles .
The Tanzanian masked weaver or Tanganyika masked weaver ( Ploceus reichardi ) is a species of bird in the weaver family , Ploceidae .
The Rhizocarpaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota , class Lecanoromycetes .
Anemone hortensis , commonly called broad - leaved anemone , is a perennial herbaceous plant with an underground rhizome , belonging to the genus Anemone of the Ranunculaceae family .
The New Zealand pigeon or kererū ( Hemiphaga novaeseelandiae ) is a bird endemic to New Zealand .
Italaphaenops dimaioi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Italaphaenops .
Corythucha is a large genus of lace bug Tingidae that is primarily distributed in the New World , especially North America .
The Apsidoceratidae is a family of Middle and Upper Ordovician Barrandeocerina , ( a suborder of tarphycerids ) , characterized by curved or coiled , smooth , transversely marked , or laterally costate shells , with a conspicuous hyponomic sinus .
The Cuban fig - eating bat , or white - shouldered bat , ( Phyllops falcatus ) is a species of bat in the family Phyllostomidae , found only in the Caribbean .
The Malayan flat - shelled turtle ( Notochelys platynota ) is a species of turtle found in Southeast Asia .
Papagomys is a genus of very large rats in the tribe Rattini of the subfamily Murinae .
The Rodrigues giant day gecko ( Phelsuma gigas ) is an extinct species of day gecko .
Mekosuchus is a genus of extinct Australasian crocodiles within the subfamily Mekosuchinae .
Dracophyllum is a genus of plants belonging to the family Ericaceae , formerly Epacridaceae .
Fusinus is a genus of small to large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Fasciolariidae , the spindle snails and tulip snaills .
Lydomorphus is a genus of beetle in family Meloidae , containing the following selected species :
Duddingtonia is a genus of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae comprising only the species Duddingtonia flagrans .
Agathiphaga is a genus of moths in the family Agathiphagidae , known as kauri moths .
Leptosiphon androsaceus ( syn . Linanthus androsaceus ) is a species of flowering plant in the phlox family known by the common name false babystars .
The Venezuelan bristle tyrant ( Phylloscartes venezuelanus ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Below is a cladogram from Schoch 's analysis showing the placement of Rhachitomi within Temnospondyli :
Entemnotrochus is a genus of large to very large deepwater sea snails with gills and an operculum , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Pleurotomariidae , the slit snails .
Nesophanes fulgidum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Nesophanes .
The Emydinae are a subfamily of the turtles in the family Emydidae .
Esox is a genus of freshwater fish , the only living genus in the family Esocidae -- the esocids which were endemic to North America and Eurasia during the Paleogene through present .
The Nile lechwe or Mrs Gray 's lechwe ( Kobus megaceros ) is a species of antelope .
Primnoisis is a genus of deep - sea bamboo coral of the Isididae family .
The Spencer 's river tree frog , or Spencer 's tree frog or spotted tree frog ( Litoria spenceri ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
The Saint Vincent blacksnake ( Chironius vincenti ) is a species of colubrid snake .
Stigmatopora argus ( J. Richardson , 1840 ) ( Spotted pipefish ) Stigmatopora macropterygia A. H. A. Duméril , 1870 ( Long - snouted pipefish ) Stigmatopora narinosa Browne & K. Smith , 2007 ( Southern Gulf pipefish ) Stigmatopora nigra Kaup , 1856 ( Wide - bodied pipefish )
The Temminck 's mouse ( Mus musculoides ) is a species of the genus Mus and of the subgenus Nannomys .
The Serra do Mar tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes difficilis ) is a small species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Tamá harlequin frog or Venezuela stubfoot toad ( Atelopus tamaense ) is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae .
The Algerian wall gecko ( Tarentola neglecta ) is a species of lizard in the family Gekkonidae .
Cryptocotyle is a genus of trematodes from the family Heterophyidae .
Nasiternella is a genus of hairy - eyed craneflies ( family Pediciidae ) with a Holarctic distribution .
Mainwaringia is a genus of sea snails or freshwater snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Littorinidae , the winkles or periwinkles .
The Lesser Sundas goshawk ( Accipiter sylvestris ) is a bird of prey native to Indonesia .
Zosterornis is a genus of passerine bird in the Old World babbler family Zosteropidae ( Moyle et al . , 2009 ) , although some taxonomists continue to place the genus in the Old World babbler family Timaliidae .
The Columbia pebblesnail , scientific name Fluminicola columbiana , is a species of very small freshwater snail that have an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Lithoglyphidae .
Talisia is a genus of 52 species of flowering plants in the soapberry family , Sapindaceae , native to tropical regions of the Americas .
Gazella psolea is an unusual prehistoric species of gazelle that lived in Africa and Arabia ; it is only known from fossils .
Physaloptera is a genus of parasitic nematodes in the family Physalopteridae .
The Chignahuapan splayfoot salamander or Cope 's flat - footed salamander ( Chiropterotriton orculus ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Yaldwyn 's triplefin , Notoclinops yaldwyni , is a fish of the genus Notoclinops , found around the North Island of New Zealand from low water to depths of about 5 metres , most common in reef areas of broken rock , but nowhere common .
Globularia is a genus of about 22 species of flowering plants in the family Plantaginaceae , native to central and southern Europe , Macaronesia , northwest Africa and southwest Asia .
The Formosan subterranean termite ( Coptotermes formosanus ) is an invasive species of termite .
Goniothalamus is one of the largest palaeotropical genera of plant in family Annonaceae .
Aerides , known commonly as cat's - tail orchids and fox brush orchids , is a genus belonging to the orchid family ( Orchidaceae ) ( subfamily Epidendroideae , tribe Vandeae , subtribe Aeridinae ) .
Tordylium is a genus of flowering plants in the carrot family ( Apiaceae ) .
Trionyx is a genus of softshell turtles belonging to the family Trionychidae .
The Malaysian partridge , or Campbell 's partridge , ( Arborophila campbelli ) is a species of bird in the Phasianidae family .
Leurolepas roseola is a species of sea snail , a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae , the keyhole limpets and slit limpets .
The Enggano thrush ( Geokichla leucolaema ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
The Sunda warbler ( Seicercus grammiceps ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Phylloscopidae ( or Sylviidae ) family .
Banksia is a genus of around 170 species in the plant family Proteaceae .
Puyseguria is a genus of marine bivalve molluscs of the family Neoleptonidae .
Catharesthes elegans is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Catharesthes .
Anchotrechus punctipennis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Anchotrechus .
The typical spinetails , Cranioleuca , are a genus of birds in the Furnariidae family .
Actaeon beetle ( Megasoma actaeon ) is a rhinoceros beetle belonging to the Scarabaeidae family .
Named by Hyatt , 1900 , Anahamulina is included in the family Ptychoceratidae , which is part of the Turrilitaceae .
Hamaticherus bellator is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Hamaticherus .
Kossmaticeratidae is an extinct ammonoid family belonging to the order Ammonitida .
Benthobatis is a genus of fish in the Narcinidae family with these currently recognized species :
Achoerodus gouldii , the western blue groper , is a species of wrasse native to coastal waters of southern Australia from the Houtman Abrolhos in Western Australia to west of Melbourne .
The Chinese brill , Tephrinectes sinensis , is a species of flatfish in the large - tooth flounder family , Paralichthyidae .
Haddadus is a genus of frogs in the Craugastoridae family .
Babakina is in the subfamily Babakininae within the family Flabellinidae in the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , ( 2005 ) .
Cephaloplon pedunculatum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cephaloplon .
Bollons ' rattail , Coelorinchus bollonsi , is a species of rattail found along the east coast of New Zealand at depths of between 300 and 800 m. Its length is between 10 to 25 cm .
Shuaphaenops parvicollis is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Shuaphaenops .
Atractosteus spatula Lacépède , 1803 ( Alligator gar ) Atractosteus tristoechus Bloch & J. G. Schneider , 1801 ( Cuban gar ) Atractosteus tropicus T. N. Gill , 1863 ( Tropical gar )
Antigrella orissana is a species of harvestmen in a monotypic genus in the family Sclerosomatidae .
Sternotomis is a genus of beetle belonging to the family Cerambycidae .
The Nassau grouper ( Epinephelus striatus ) is one of the large number of perciform fishes in the family Serranidae commonly referred to as groupers .
Detarium is a plant genus of the family Fabaceae ( legume family ) .
The Thread eel ( Serrivomer bertini , also known as the Thread sawtooth eel ) is an eel in the family Nemichthyidae ( snipe eels ) .
Xerolirion is a monotypic genus of perennial herbs in the family Asparagaceae , subfamily Lomandroideae .
The Puerto Rican flycatcher ( Myiarchus antillarum ) is a tyrant flycatcher endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of the 22 species belonging to the Myiarchus genus of the Tyrannidae family .
The New Zealand scaup ( Aythya novaeseelandiae ) commonly known as a black teal , is a diving duck species of the genus Aythya .
Differences between Hymenocaris and Canadaspis have been used to justify erecting a separate family , Hymenocarididae and order , Hymenostraca for Hymenocaris , although it is also sometimes placed in the family Canadaspididae and the order Canadaspidida .
The Bornean banded pitta ( Hydrornis schwaneri ) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family .
The Phylloxeroidea is a small superfamily of the Hemiptera closely related to the aphids , and often traditionally included in the Aphidoidea , which is the sister taxon .
Now recognised as a member of the family Spinosauridae , Baryonyx 's affinities were obscure when it was discovered .
Sporisorium is a fungus genus in the Ustilaginaceae family .
The Recife broad - nosed bat , Platyrrhinus recifinus , is a species of bat from South America .
Eucladoceros ( Greek for `` well - branched antler '' ) or bush - antlered deer is an extinct genus of deer whose fossils have been discovered in Europe , the Middle East and Central Asia .
Discoclymeniinae is one of two subfamilies of the Posttornoceratidae family , a member of the Goniatitida order .
The Sumatran cochoa ( Cochoa beccarii ) is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
The Oaxacan pocket gopher ( Orthogeomys cuniculus ) is a species of rodent in the family Geomyidae .
Amblypomacentrus is a small genus of fish in the family Pomacentridae .
Crane fly is a common name referring to any member of the insect family Tipulidae , of the order Diptera , true flies in the superfamily Tipuloidea .
Gyrocarpus is a small genus of flowering plants in the Hernandiaceae family with a wide pantropical distribution .
The Manipur bush quail ( Perdicula manipurensis ) is a species of quail found in India , inhabiting damp grassland , particularly stands of tall grass , in West Bengal , Assam , Nagaland , Manipur , and Meghalaya .
In taxonomy , the Rhodobacteraceae are a family of the Rhodobacterales .
Aacanthocnema is a genus of lice from the jumping plant lice family ( Triozidae ) .
Hyphomycetes are a form classification of Fungi , part of what has often been referred to as Fungi imperfecti , Deuteromycota , or anamorphic fungi .
Nyctereutes is an Old World genus of the family Canidae , consisting of just one living species , the raccoon dog of East Asia .
The Striped weever , Trachinus lineolatus , is a fish of the Trachinidae family .
The Makira flycatcher ( Myiagra cervinicauda ) , also known as the ochre - tailed flycatcher , is a species of bird in the Monarchidae family .
Tridentarius is a monospecific genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae , the true conchs .
The Cape gray mongoose ( Galerella pulverulenta ) , also called the small gray mongoose , is a mongoose endemic to southern Africa .
Typhlonesiotes swaluwenbergi is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Typhlonesiotes .
Reston virus ( RESTV ) is one of five known viruses within the genus Ebolavirus .
Lampyris is a genus of beetle in the firefly family ( Lampyridae ) .
Barbour 's map turtle ( Graptemys barbouri ) is a species of turtle in the family Emydidae .
Australorhipis aphanochila is a species of beetle in the family Buprestidae , the only species in the genus Australorhipis .
Rhyncogonus is a genus of beetle in family Curculionidae .
The Kibonde or salmontail catfish , Chrysichthys brachynema , is a Lake Tanganyikan catfish of the family Claroteidae , occasionally kept in aquariums .
Hardwicke 's woolly bat ( Kerivoula hardwickii ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Pyrgophorus is a genus of very small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod molluscs in the family Hydrobiidae .
Coilopoceras is a compressed , involute , lenticular ammonitid from the Upper Cretaceous with a narrow venter and raggedy ammonitic suture ; type of the Coilopoceratidae , a family in the Acanthoceratoidea of the suborder Ammonitina .
Erythrosquilla is a genus of mantis shrimp , placed in its own family ( Erythrosquillidae ) and superfamily ( Erythrosquilloidea ) comprising two species :
The Zeravshan dace ( Leuciscus lehmanni ) is a species cyprinid fish found mainly in Afghanistan and Uzbekistan .
The Madagascan lark ( Mirafra hova ) is a species of lark in the Alaudidae family endemic to Madagascar .
Potiapua antonia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Potiapua .
The Paniai gudgeon ( Oxyeleotris wisselensis ) is a species of sleeper goby endemic to the Paniai Lakes ( absent from Lake Paniai itself , but present in both Lake Tigi and Tage ) and their tributaries in West Papua , Indonesia .
The Ross 's gull ( Rhodostethia rosea ) is a small gull , the only species in its genus , although it has been suggested it should be moved to the genus Hydrocoloeus , which otherwise only includes the little gull .
The Grey - cheeked nunlet ( Nonnula frontalis ) is a species of puffbird in the Bucconidae family .
Crocus tommasinianus , the woodland crocus , early crocus , or Tommasini 's crocus , often referred to as ' tommies ' , were named after the botanist Muzio G. Spirito de Tommasini ( 1794 - 1879 ) , who was Mayor of the city of Trieste .
Acanthurinae is a subfamily of fish belonging to the family Acanthuridae , including 55 species in four genera .
Sclater 's mouse shrew ( Myosorex sclateri ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae endemic to South Africa .
Palmer 's tree frog , Hyloscirtus palmeri , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family found in Colombia , Costa Rica , Ecuador , and Panama .
Encelia is a genus of the plant family Asteraceae .
Hahncappsia is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family , and the order Lepidoptera .
Rytidosperma pallidum ( syn . Joycea pallida ) , commonly known as red - anther wallaby grass , is an Australian species of tussock grass found in Victoria , New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory .
The Barahona rock frog or Hispaniola dwarf robber frog ( Eleutherodactylus alcoae ) is a species of frog in the Eleutherodactylidae family that is endemic to southern Hispaniola .
Thunia is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) and the only genus of the subtribe Thuniinae .
Phillyrea is a genus of two species of flowering plants in the family Oleaceae , native to the Mediterranean region , and naturalized in the Canary Islands and Madeira .
Peters ' dwarf epauletted fruit bat ( Micropteropus pusillus ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Adrianitidae is a family in the Adrianitaceae , a superfamily of ammonites in the cephalopod order , Goniatitida , known from the Middle Pennsylvanian to the Middle Permian .
Plasmodium pteropti is a currently ( 2007 ) considered to be a species of the genus Hepatocystis rather than Plasmodium .
Curry 's bat ( Glauconycteris curryae ) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae .
Cycnogeton is a genus of plants in the family Juncaginaceae described as a genus in 1838 .
The Cunene labeo or Kunene labeo ( Labeo ansorgii ) is a species of fish in the family Cyprinidae , the carps and minnows .
Metaverpulus is a genus of harvestmen in the family Sclerosomatidae .
The Manyas shemaya ( Alburnus carinatus ) is a species of cyprinid fish in the genus Alburnus .
Whitfieldia is a genus of plant in family Acanthaceae with about 10 species in tropical Africa .
Gleviceras was described by Buckman in 1918 and is included in the Family Oxynoticeratidae and superfamily Psilocerataceae .
Lophoceras is a Nautilid genus belonging to the tainoceratacean family , Koninckioceratidae , found in Lower Carboniferous sediments in Europe , and named by Hyatt , 1893 .
Chirixalus is a now - synonymized genus in the moss frog family ( Rhacophoridae ) .
Drymatus tesselatus is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Drymatus .
Myomyrus is a genus of elephantfish in the family Mormyridae .
The Mauritius cuckooshrike ( Coracina typica ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
The West Coast lady ( Vanessa annabella ) is one of three North American species of brush - footed butterflies known colloquially as the `` painted ladies '' .
The Tricholomataceae are a large family of mushrooms within the Agaricales .
The Caspian kutum ( Rutilus kutum ) or Caspian White Fish is a member of the family Cyprinidae from brackish water habitats of the Caspian Sea and from its freshwater tributaries .
Eucyclidae is an extinct family of fossil gastropods in the superfamily Seguenzioidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Odocoileus lucasi , historically incorrectly confused with Navahoceros fricki , and known as the American mountain deer , is an extinct species of North American deer .
The Galapagos land iguana ( Conolophus subcristatus ) is a species of lizard in the family Iguanidae .
Exosphaeroma is a genus of marine isopod of the family Sphaeromatidae .
Dussartius baeticus is a species of crustacean in the family Diaptomidae .
The Fuegian snipe ( Gallinago stricklandii ) also known as the cordilleran snipe , is a small stocky wader .
Rimellopsis is a genus of large sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Rostellariidae within the Stromboidea , the true conchs and their allies .
The Geelvink pygmy tree frog ( Litoria pygmaea ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
Palaeostoidae is an extinct family of air - breathing land snails , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Clausilioidea ( according to the taxonomy of the Gastropoda by Bouchet & Rocroi , 2005 ) .
Charadrophila is a genus of flowering plants in the family Stilbaceae described as a genus in 1899.Tropicos , Charadrophila Marloth There is only one known species , Charadrophila capensis , native to the Cape Province region of South Africa .
The Quitabaquito tryonia , scientific name Tryonia quitobaquitae , is a species of small freshwater snail with a gill and an operculum , an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Hydrobiidae .
Bytharia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae with the species which are relatively large for the Sterrhinae subfamily and characterized by pale yellow wings with uniform gray margins and , on the forewing , gray along the costa .
The Graciloceratidae is a family of nautiloid cephalopods from the Middle and Upper Ordovician belonging to the Oncocerida , characterized by exogastric cyrtocones that expand slightly or moderately and have thin walled , orthochoantic marginal or subventral , tubular siphuncles ( Sweet 1964 ) .
Leith 's softshell turtle ( Nilssonia leithii ) is a species of turtle found in peninsular Indian rivers including the Bhavani , Godavari , and Moyar Rivers .
Lambis is a genus of large sea snails sometimes known as spider conchs , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Strombidae , the true conch family .
The New Mexico spadefoot toad ( Spea multiplicata ) is a species of American spadefoot toad found in the southwestern United States and Mexico .
The Hewitson 's small tree - nymph ( Ideopsis hewitsonii ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
Ricinula is a genus of predatory sea snails , marinegastropod mollusks in the family Muricidae , the murex snails or rock snails .
Platycephalus is a genus of mostly marine , bottom - dwelling fish in the family Platycephalidae .
The Bahamas sawshark , Pristiophorus schroederi , is a sawshark of the family Pristiophoridae , found in the western Central Atlantic Ocean from the Bahamas and Cuba at depths of between 400 and 1,000 m. These sharks are at least 80 cm long .
Helcogrammoides cunninghami , known commonly as the Cunningham 's triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogrammoides .
The Bering flounder , Hippoglossoides robustus , is a flatfish of the family Pleuronectidae .
The Bini free - tailed bat ( Myopterus whitleyi ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae .
Rhaebo is a genus of true toads , family Bufonidae , from Central and South America .
Adnatoceras is a mid Devonian to Pennsylvanian orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod included in the pseudorthocerid family Spyroceratidae , characterized by tubular , straight - sided , siphuncle segments that expand abruptly at the septal foremena .
Hapunalikevirus ( synonym : Hap1likevirus ) is a genus of viruses in the family Myoviridae , not assigned to a subfamily .
Hoffmannseggia is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family , Fabaceae , known generally as rushpeas .
Aclerdidae are a family of Coccoidea , the scale insects .
Trissopelopia is a genus of non - biting midges in the subfamily Tanypodinae of the bloodworm family Chironomidae .
Haemamoeba is a subgenus of the genus Plasmodium -- all of which are parasitic protozoa .
Underwood 's bonneted bat ( Eumops underwoodi ) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae found in Belize , Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras , Mexico , Nicaragua and the southwestern United States .
APG III ( 2009 ) places Vitaceae in its own order , Vitales .
The Martinique giant ameiva ( Ameiva major ) was a species of lizard in the Teiidae family .
Pingalla midgleyi is a species of fish in the family Terapontidae known by the common names black - blotch grunter and Midgley 's grunter .
The Carolinian reed warbler or Caroline Islands reed warbler ( Acrocephalus syrinx ) is a species of Old World warbler in the Acrocephalidae family .
The Palawan flying squirrel or bising ( Hylopetes nigripes ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Volvox is a polyphyletic genus of chlorophyte green algae in the family Volvocaceae .
Yates ( 2005 ) assigned Dracovenator to the clade Neotheropoda .
The Central Asian salamander ( Ranodon sibiricus ) is a species of salamander in the monotypic genus Ranodon of the Hynobiidae family .
Thaumastochilus is a spider genus of the Zodariidae family .
Picobirnavirus is a genus of dsRNA viruses , the only genus in the family Picobirnaviridae .
Larches are conifers in the genus Larix , in the family Pinaceae .
Tetrophthalmi is an extinct suborder of Opiliones ( commonly known as harvestmen or daddy longlegs ) that had four eyes .
Anderson 's gerbil , Gerbillus andersoni is a species of gerbils distributed from Tunisia to Israel .
Panthera onca onca ( Linnaeus , 1758 ) was proposed as a subspecies of jaguar , before later research failed to find evidence for it .
The Mindanao squirrel ( Sundasciurus mindanensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Sciuridae .
Hoplophoneus is an extinct genus of the family Nimravidae , subfamily Nimravinae , endemic to North America during the Late Eocene to Early Oligocene epochs ( 38 - -33.3 mya ) , existing for approximately 3.9 million years .
Rhizocybe is a mushroom genus in the family Tricholomataceae in the broad sense .
The Delhi Sands flower - loving fly ( Rhaphiomidas terminatus abdominalis ) is a mydid fly in the genus Rhaphiomidas , and the only fly presently on the Endangered Species List .
Hintzeia is a trilobite in the order Phacopida ( family Pliomeridae ) , that existed during the lower Ordovician in what is now the United States .
Northern puffer , Sphoeroides maculatus , is a species in the family ( ( ) ) , or pufferfishes .
Aethalops is a genus of megabats in the family Pteropodidae .
Dryophthorus Germar , 1824 is a genus of beetle in family Dryophthoridae .
Capelio is a genus of flowering plant in the Asteraceae first described as a genus in 1836 with the name Alciope .
Zhuchengceratops shares may features with Leptoceratopsidae as well as other ceratopsian groups such as Ceratopsidae .
Tephrocyon is an extinct genus of the Borophaginae and a small to medium - sized terrestrial canine ( bear - dog ) which inhabited most of North America during the Barstovian stage of the Middle Miocene 16.3 - -13.6 Ma , existing for approximately 2.7 million years .
The Haitian edible rat ( Brotomys contractus ) is an extinct species of rodent in the family Echimyidae .
Brueelia ( formerly spelled Brüelia ) is a genus of lice in the family Philopteridae , containing the following species :
Domatoceras is a nautiloid genus and member of the Grypoceratidae from the Pennsylvanian and Permian with a wide spread distribution .
Nyctaegeria is a genus of moths in the Sesiidae family containing only one species , Nyctaegeria nobilis , which is known from Angola and Tanzania .
The Australian crake , also known as Australian spotted crake , ( Porzana fluminea ) is a species of bird in the family Rallidae .
Flustrina is a suborder under the order Cheilostomata of gymnolaematan Bryozoa ( sea mats ) .
Tacheocampylaea is a genus of air - breathing , land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Helicidae , the typical snails .
The Lombok flying fox ( Pteropus lombocensis ) is a species of megabat in the Pteropus genus .
Stipa coronata , formerly classified as Achnatherum coronatum , is a greenish species of grass known by the common name crested needlegrass , giant ricegrass , and giant stipa .
† Gyrotoma is a genus of extinct freshwater snails with an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Pleuroceridae .
Portulacaria is a genus of succulent plant in the family Didiereaceae , that is indigenous to southern Africa .
The Indo - Pacific shorttail conger ( Coloconger scholesi ) , also known as the short - tail conger , is an eel in the family Colocongridae ( worm eels / short - tail eels ) .
Mesodma is an extinct genus of mammal , a member of the extinct order Multituberculata within the suborder Cimolodonta , family Neoplagiaulacidae .
Pusillimonas is a genus of Gram - negative oxidase - positive bacteria of the family Alcaligenaceae .
Caesulia is a monotypic genus of flowering plants in the aster family , Asteraceae , containing the single species Caesulia axillaris .
The Cuban solitaire ( Myadestes elisabeth ) , also known as the Cuban nightingale , is a species of bird in the family Turdidae .
The Murray River turtle ( Emydura macquarii ) is a wide - ranging species that occurs throughout many of the rivers of the eastern half of Australia .
Ctenorhachis ( Greek for `` comb spine '' ) is an extinct genus of the family Sphenacodontidae .
Forficulinae is a subfamily of earwigs in the family Forficulidae .
Erycitidae is a family of Lower and Middle Jurassic ammonites included in the Hammatoceratoidea .
Empoasca is a genus of leafhoppers belonging to the family Cicadellidae subfamily Typhlocybinae .
Compsodrillia is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turridae , the turrids .
The Ohio lamprey ( Ichthyomyzon bdellium ) is a lamprey found in the Ohio River drainage basin in the United States and is a parasitic species of lampreys .
Microthyris is a genus of pyraloid moths , belonging to the subfamily Spilomelinae of the grass moth family ( Crambidae ) .
The Ricinidae are a family of a larger group Amblycera of the chewing lice .
Baliospermum is a genus of plants under the family Euphorbiaceae first described as a genus in 1825 .
Grapevine virus E ( GVE ) is a plant virus species in the genus Vitivirus .
Cubaecola hoploderoides is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae , the only species in the genus Cubaecola .
Palaeophis ( ' ancient snake ' ) is an extinct genus of marine snake belonging to the family Palaeophiidae .
Paralichthodinae is a subfamily of flatfish in the Pleuronectidae family .
The Siamese algae eater ( Crossocheilus oblongus ) is a species of freshwater fish in the carp family , Cyprinidae .
Christinus is a genus of Gekkonidae geckos found in southern regions of Australia .
Bajacalia is a genus of three flowering plants in the sunflower family , Asteraceae .
The Eoderoceratidae is the ancestral and most primitive family of the Eoderocerataceae ; lower Jurassic ammonite cephalopods , characterized by evolute , commonly serpenticonic , shells that had long body chambers and would have had no stable floating position ; and thus resemble contemporary Psilocerataceae .
Austroglanis is the only genus in the catfish family Austroglanididae .
Antrodiella is a genus of fungi traditionally classified in the family Phanerochaetaceae of the Polyporales , although molecular studies suggest that the Steccherinaceae is a better familial placement .
Bocaparvovirus is a genus of viruses , in the family Parvoviridae , in the subfamily Parvovirinae .
Anachloris is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae , with 3 species , found in Australia , New Zealand and Papua New Guinea .
The Genus Hemichoanella is a small , extinct , orthoconic nautiloid cephalopod from the Lower Ordovician of Western Australia assigned to the orthoceratoid family , Baltoceratidae .
The Tagula honeyeater ( Meliphaga vicina ) is a species of bird in the family Meliphagidae .
Cicuta , commonly known as water hemlock , is a small genus of four species of highly poisonous plants in the family Apiaceae .
Werner 's catfish ( Clarias werneri ) is a species of airbreathing catfish .
The Seychelles skink ( Trachylepis seychellensis ) is a species of skink in the Scincidae family .
The Southern spearnose poacher ( Agonopsis sterletus ) is a fish in the family Agonidae ( poachers ) .
Parophidion is a genus of cusk - eels found in the Atlantic Ocean .
Barbaceniopsis is a plant genus in the family Velloziaceae , described as a genus in 1962 .
The nearest relatives of Mesolenellus are the species of the genus Mesonacis , with which it constitutes the subfamily Mesonacinae .
Plumbago is a genus of 10 - 20 species of flowering plants in the family Plumbaginaceae , native to warm temperate to tropical regions of the world .
Tirsa is a genus of moths of the Crambidae family , containing only one species Tirsa fiona .
Chaetanthus is a group of plants in the Restionaceae described as a genus in 1810 .
The Malaysian honeyguide ( Indicator archipelagicus ) is a medium - sized , up to 18 cm long , olive - brown honeyguide with greenish streaks , reddish iris , thick grey bill and greyish white below .
The Mindanao bleeding - heart ( Gallicolumba crinigera ) , also known as Bartlett 's bleeding heart dove , Barlett 's bleeding heart pigeon and the hair - breasted bleeding heart , is a species of bird in the pigeon family .
Acraspis is a genus of gall wasps in the family Cynipidae , comprising the following species :
Codia is a genus of trees and shrubs in the family Cunoniaceae .
The Indian blackbird ( Turdus simillimus ) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae .
The Jaliscan cotton rat ( Sigmodon mascotensis ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Older works have usually placed Astianthus in the tribe Tecomeae , but the circumscription of that tribe was greatly revised in 2009 .
Megatylopus ( also known as the North American camel ) is an extinct and large genus of terrestrial herbivore the family Camelidae , endemic to North America from the Miocene through Late Pliocene--
The African spotted creeper ( Salpornis salvadori ) is a small passerine bird , which is a member of the subfamily Salpornithinae of the treecreeper family Certhiidae .
Traditionally , Endlicheria was placed near Aniba and the other Lauraceae with two locellate anthers .
Hyalorbilia is a genus comprising 10 species of fungi in the family Orbiliaceae .
The Tanzanian shrew ( Crocidura tansaniana ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
The Korean salamander ( Hynobius leechii ) is the most common species of salamander on the Korean peninsula , and is also found in nearby provinces of China ( Liaoning , Jilin and Heilongjiang ) and on Jeju Island .
Paraxiphodon is an extinct genus of Artiodactyl ( family Xiphodontidae ) from the Eocene - Lower Oligocene of Europe .
The Canopy chameleon ( Furcifer willsii ) , also known as Will 's chameleon , is a species of chameleon that is endemic to Madagascar .
The Zhenhai brown frog ( Rana zhenhaiensis ) is a species of frog in the Ranidae family found in China and possibly Hong Kong and Macau .
Denhamia is a genus of plants within the family Celastraceae , with all species endemic to eastern and northern Australia .
The South Georgia diving petrel or Georgian diving - petrel ( Pelecanoides georgicus ) is a diving petrel , one of four very similar auk - like small petrels of the southern oceans .
The Visayan hornbill ( Penelopides panini ) is a hornbill found in rainforests on the islands of Panay , Negros , Masbate , and Guimaras , and formerly Ticao , in the Philippines .
Cephalouterina is a trematode genus within the family Lecithodendriidae under the order Plagiorchiida .
Ashmunella is a genus of small , air - breathing , land snails in the family Polygyridae .
The Yaqui chub ( Gila purpurea ) is a species of freshwater fish in the Cyprinidae family .
The Supatá golden frog ( Ranitomeya sp . nov . `` Supatáe '' ) is a species of poison dart frog endemic to Colombia .
Kerguelenella is a genus of air - breathing sea snails , marine pulmonate gastropod mollusks in the family Siphonariidae , the false limpets .
Together with other species from scattered localities in the United States , Japan , and Europe , Apeomyoides is classified in the subfamily Apeomyinae of the extinct rodent family Eomyidae .
Pyrgodesmidae is a family of flat - backed millipedes in the order Polydesmida .
The Chlamisini form a tribe within the leaf beetle subfamily Cryptocephalinae , though historically they were often treated as a distinct subfamily , Chlamisinae .
Heterojinus semilaetanus is a species of beetle in the family Laemophloeidae , the only species in the genus Heterojinus .
Mormolycina obertheuri is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Mormolycina .
Froggatt 's catfish or the Smallmouthed salmon catfish ( Cinetodus froggatti ) is a species of sea catfish found in West Papua in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea where it is found in the Purari , Fly , Strickland and Digul River systems as well as in the Roper River system of Northwest Territories , Australia .
Ashtonia is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1968 .
Allantinae is a subfamily of sawflies in the family Tenthredinidae .
The Western Spanish ibex or Gredos ibex ( Capra pyrenaica victoriae ) is a vulnerable goat endemic to Spain and Portugal .
Halesia , also known as silverbell or snowdrop tree , is a small genus of four or five species of deciduous large shrubs or small trees in the family Styracaceae .
Hartlaub 's babbler or Angola babbler ( Turdoides hartlaubii ) is a species of bird in the Leiothrichidae family .
The Newfoundland wolf ( Canis lupus beothucus ) was a possible subspecies of gray wolf native to Newfoundland .
The Tetragonoceratidae is a small family of nautilitids constituting a part of the superfamily Tainocerataceae in which shells are coiled with a generally quadrate whorl section .
Pseudoomphalina is a genus of fungi in the placed in the family Tricholomataceae for convenience .
The Himalayan bulbul ( Pycnonotus leucogenys ) or White - cheeked Bulbul is a species of songbird in the Pycnonotidae family .
Eupterodactyloidea ( meaning `` true Pterodactyloidea '' ) is an extinct clade of pterodactyloid pterosaurs from the earliest Early Cretaceous to the latest Late Cretaceous ( Berriasian to Maastrichtian stages ) of all continents except Antarctica .
Pupoidopsis is a genus of very small or minute air - breathing land snails , terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Pupillidae .
Eotrechodes larisae is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Eotrechodes .
Tsuga ( /ˈsuːɡə/ , from Japanese : 栂 ( ツガ ) , the name of Tsuga sieboldii ) is a genus of conifers in the pine family Pinaceae .
In taxonomy , the Chlamydomonadaceae are a family of algae within the order Volvocales .
The Cervinae or the Old World deer ( denoting their place of origin , not their current distribution ) , are a subfamily of deer .
Percilia is a genus of perch - like fish in the Percichthyidae family .
Moelleriopsis is a genus of sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks unassigned in the superfamily Seguenzioidea .
Geosaurus is an extinct genus of marine crocodyliform within the family Metriorhynchidae , that lived during the Late Jurassic and the Early Cretaceous .
Angarioidea is a superfamily of small sea snails , marine gastropod mollusks in the clade Vetigastropoda .
The Malagasy lapwing ( Vanellus madagascariensis ) is an extinct wader in the lapwing family .
The Yungas manakin ( Chiroxiphia boliviana ) is a species of bird in the Pipridae family .
Nissolia , the yellowhoods , is a genus of flowering plants in the legume family , Fabaceae .
Polia 's shrew ( Crocidura polia ) is a species of mammal in the family Soricidae .
Swans are grouped with the closely related geese in the subfamily Anserinae where they form the tribe Cygnini .
Atractonotus mulsanti is a species of beetle in the family Carabidae , the only species in the genus Atractonotus .
The Argentine swamp rat ( Scapteromys aquaticus ) is a semiaquatic rodent species from South America .
The Marlborough green gecko , also known as the Manuka Gecko , Naultinus manukanus , is a small species of gecko endemic to New Zealand .
The Cuban gnatcatcher ( Polioptila lembeyei ) is a species of bird in the Polioptilidae family , the gnatcatchers .
Exoglossum is a genus of mound - building freshwater fish of the minnow family ( Cyprinidae ) containing two species , commonly known as cutlip minnows , although the individual species , particularly Exoglossum maxillingua , are also locally known by that name .
Myoxocephalus is a genus of fish in the sculpin family Cottidae .
Aderus is a genus of leaf beetles of the family Aderidae that resemble ants .
The Goliath heron ( Ardea goliath ) , also known as the giant heron , is a very large wading bird of the heron family , Ardeidae .
The Japanese roughshark ( Oxynotus japonicus ) is a rare species of shark in the family Oxynotidae , known only from a handful of specimens recovered from Suruga Bay and the Enshunada Sea off Japan .
Dinocardium is a genus of large saltwater clams or cockles , marine bivalve mollusks in the family Cardiidae , the cockles .
Actinodium is a genus of the botanical family Myrtaceae , described as a genus in 1836 .
Lampropeltis getula floridana or the Florida kingsnake is a snake species native to southern Florida .
The Yangtze giant softshell turtle ( Rafetus swinhoei ) is an extremely rare species of softshell turtle found in China .
The Piedmont ringlet ( Erebia meolans ) is a member of the Nymphalidae family .
Soletellina is a genus of bivalve molluscs in the family Psammobiidae , known as sunset shells .
The Bahia tyrannulet ( Phylloscartes beckeri ) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
The Oriental dwarf kingfisher ( Ceyx erithaca ) , also known as the black - backed kingfisher or three - toed kingfisher , is a species of bird in the family Alcedinidae .
The Lake Chala tilapia ( Oreochromis hunteri ) is a species of cichlid endemic to Lake Chala a crater lake on the border of Kenya and Tanzania .
Latrodectus is a genus of spider in the big spider family Theridiidae , most of which are commonly known as widow spiders .
Spinosaurus gives its name to the Spinosauridae family of dinosaurs , which includes two subfamilies :
Myrmephytum is a genus of myrmecophytic flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family .
Heleia is a genus of bird in the white - eye family Zosteropidae .
Cheatum 's snail also known as the Phantom tryonia , scientific name Tryonia cheatumi , is a species of small freshwater snails with a gill and an operculum , aquatic gastropod mollusks in the family Hydrobiidae .
Eumictoxenus is a genus of Tephritid or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae .
The Moluccan cuckooshrike ( Coracina atriceps ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
Celianella is a genus of flowering plant belonging to the family Phyllanthaceae first described as a genus in 1965 .
Haidomyrmex is an extinct genus of ants in the formicid subfamily Sphecomyrminae , and is one of only three genera placed in the tribe Haidomyrmecini .
Bocage 's African fat mouse ( Steatomys bocagei ) is an extant species of rodent indigenous to Angola , the Republic of the Congo , and the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) .
Southern puffer , Sphoeroides nephelus , is a species in the family Tetraodontidae , or pufferfishes .
Amylostereum is the single genus in the fungal family Amylostereaceae .
Metroxylon is a genus of monoecious flowering plants in the Arecaceae ( palm ) family , consisting of seven species .
Cirrhinus is a genus of fish in the family Cyprinidae , the carps and minnows .
The Guatemala stream frog , Ptychohyla panchoi , is a species of frog in the Hylidae family endemic to Guatemala .
Dall 's porpoise ( Phocoenoides dalli ) is a species of porpoise found only in the North Pacific .
The Sri Lankan elephant ( Elephas maximus maximus ) is one of three recognized subspecies of the Asian elephant , and native to Sri Lanka .
Scagea is a genus of plants under the family Picrodendraceae described as a genus in 1986 .
The Eomoropidae is most likely a paraphyletic group within Chalicotherioidea .
Beloceras is a genus of ammonites included in the family Beloceratidae .
Peanut , also known as groundnut ( Arachis hypogaea ) , is a crop of global importance .
Gulickia is a genus of gastropod in the Achatinellidae family .
Later research showed however that Paraprefica had characteristics found only in the family Nyctibiidae , order Caprimulgiformes ( the nightjars ) .
Mungos is a genus in the mongoose family ( Herpestidae ) .
The New Zealand pea crab , Pinnotheres novaezelandiae , is a small , parasitic crab that lives most commonly inside New Zealand green - lipped mussels .
Eristalis is a large genus of hoverflies , family Syrphidae , in the order Diptera .
Antilophia is a genus of South American bird in the Pipridae family .
Pachystoma is a genus of orchids ( family Orchidaceae ) .
Bitis gabonica , most commonly known as the Gaboon viper , is a venomous viper species found in the rainforests and savannas of sub - Saharan Africa .
The Sharpe 's longclaw ( Hemimacronyx sharpei ) is a passerine bird in the longclaw family Motacillidae , which also includes the pipits and wagtails .
Brachaluteres is a genus of filefish of the family Monacanthidae .
The Alai mole vole ( Ellobius alaicus ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Notarchus is a genus of sea slugs or sea hares , marine opisthobranch gastropod mollusks in the family Aplysiidae , the sea hares .
Coots are small water birds that are members of the Rallidae ( rail ) family .
The Myanmar arowana , Scleropages inscriptus , is a large , bony - tongued fish native to Myanmar .
The describers placed Bolong in Hadrosauroidea .
Psellocoptus is a genus of running spiders ( family Corinnidae , formerly Clubionidae ) that is endemic to Venezuela .
Sprivivirus is a genus of viruses in the order Mononegavirales , in the family Rhabdoviridae .
The Medeolariales are an order of the class Leotiomycetes within the phylum Ascomycota .
The Crowley 's tiger ( Parantica crowleyi ) is a species of nymphalid butterfly in the Danainae subfamily .
David 's fulvetta ( Alcippe davidi ) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family .
The Puvel 's illadopsis ( Illadopsis puveli ) is a species of bird in the Pellorneidae family .
The Victorville shoulderband ( Helminthoglypta mohaveana ) is a species of land snail in the family Helminthoglyptidae .
The describers assigned Arthurdactylus to the Ornithocheiridae .
Solemyidae is a family of saltwater clams , marine protobranch bivalve mollusks in the order Solemyoida .
The Puerto Rican bullfinch ( Loxigilla portoricensis ) or comeñame in Spanish , is a small bullfinch tanager endemic to the archipelago of Puerto Rico and one of three species belonging to the genus Loxigilla .
The antpipits , Corythopis , are a genus of birds in the Tyrannidae family .
Melanthieae is a tribe of flowering plants within the family Melanthiaceae .
The Little Swan Island hutia ( Geocapromys thoracatus ) is an extinct species of rodent that lived on the Swan Islands , off north - eastern Honduras in the Caribbean .
The Oriental hobby ( Falco severus ) is a species of falcon typically 27 - -30 cm long .
The Trauna River tree frog ( Litoria oenicolen ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family , endemic to Papua New Guinea .
Robbins 's tateril ( Taterillus arenarius ) Congo gerbil ( Taterillus congicus ) Emin 's gerbil ( Taterillus emini ) Gracile tateril ( Taterillus gracilis ) Harrington 's gerbil ( Taterillus harringtoni ) Lake Chad gerbil ( Taterillus lacustris ) Petter 's gerbil ( Taterillus petteri ) Senegal gerbil ( Taterillus pygargus ) Tranieri 's tateril ( Taterillus tranieri )
The Meghalaya danio ( Danio meghalayensis ) is a recently discovered species of fish from the Meghalaya state , India .
The Sudell 's frog or painted burrowing frog ( Neobatrachus sudelli ) is a species of burrowing frog common to a large part of southeastern Australia .
The Malayan banded pitta ( Hydrornis irena ) is a species of bird in the Pittidae family .
The Okavango dwarf gecko or Chobe dwarf gecko ( Lygodactylus chobiensis ) is a species of gecko found along the Chobe and Zambesi Rivers and into the Okavango Delta , and into Mozambique , Zimbabwe and Zambia .
Beau 's wrasse , Cirrhilabrus beauperryi , is a species of wrasse native to the western Pacific Ocean .
Isotrilophus erraticus is a species of beetle in the family Mordellidae , the only species in the genus Isotrilophus .
The Yellow - spotted snake eel ( Callechelys lutea , also known as the Freckled snake eel ) is an eel in the family Ophichthidae ( worm / snake eels ) .
The Boyer 's cuckooshrike ( Coracina boyeri ) is a species of bird in the Campephagidae family .
The Ibiza rail ( Rallus eivissensis ) is a recently discovered fossil species of rail , described from a late Pleistocene to Holocene cave deposit at Es Pouàs , on the island of Ibiza .
The Semper 's warbler ( Leucopeza semperi ) is an extremely rare or possibly extinct New World warbler which is endemic to Saint Lucia , part of the Lesser Antilles .
Enneapterygius unimaculatus , known commonly as the Onespot triplefin , is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Enneapterygius .
The Lulworth skipper ( Thymelicus acteon ) is a butterfly of the Hesperiidae family .
Acetabularia is a genus of green algae , specifically of the Polyphysaceae family , Typically found in subtropical waters , Acetabularia is a single - celled organism , but gigantic in size and complex in form , making it an excellent model organism for studying cell biology .
Pezizomycotina contains the filamentous ascomycetes and is a subphylum of the Ascomycota ( fungi which form their spores in a sac - like ascus ) .
The Garman New Guinea tree frog ( Litoria jeudii ) is a species of frog in the Hylidae family .
The Bethylidae are a family of aculeate wasps in the superfamily Chrysidoidea .
Acangassuini is a beetle tribe in the Cerambycinae subfamily , containing the single genus Acangassu and the single species Acangassu diminuta .
The Australian snubfin dolphin ( Orcaella heinsohnri ) is a dolphin found off the northern coasts of Australia .
Gonatus is a genus of squid in the family Gonatidae , comprising twelve species , and therefore containing the most species in the family .
Marathonitidae is the only family in the Marathonitaceae superfamilies .
The Peters 's epauletted fruit bat ( Epomophorus crypturus ) is a species of megabat in the family Pteropodidae .
Fülleborn 's boubou ( Laniarius fuelleborni ) is a species of bird in the Malaconotidae family .
The Titicaca orestias ( Orestias cuvieri ) , also known by its native name amanto , is a likely extinct freshwater killifish from Lake Titicaca in South America .
Euroleon is an antlion genus in the family Myrmeleontidae .
Parapachycerina is a genus of small African flies of the family Lauxaniidae .
Geomela is a genus containing several small dark beetles in the family Chrysomelidae .
Trigenicus is a small extinct genus of Artiodactyla , of the family Protoceratidae , endemic to North America from the Late Eocene epoch ( Chadronian stage ) 37.2 - -33.9 Ma , existing for approximately 3.3 million years .
The Cunene horse mackerel ( Trachurus trecae ) is a species named after mackerel in the family Carangidae .
The Straneck 's tyrannulet ( Serpophaga griseicapilla ) , also known as the monte tyrannulet and grey - crowned tyrannulet , is a small species of bird in the Tyrannidae family .
Nauta salamander or Nauta mushroomtongue salamander ( Bolitoglossa altamazonica ) is a species of salamander in the family Plethodontidae .
Thermanaeromonas is a genus of bacteria within the family Thermoanaerobacteraceae .
Coosa shiner ( Notropis xaenocephalus ) is a species of ray - finned fish in the genus Notropis .
Scutellastra is a genus of sea snails with gills , typical true limpets , marine gastropod mollusks in the family Patellidae , the true limpets .
Beelzebub 's tube - nosed bat ( Murina beelzebub ) , also Beelzebub bat or demon bat , is a species in the vesper bat family Vespertilionidae , found in the Greater Mekong region of Southeast Asia , specifically the Quảng Trị and Gia Lai provinces of Vietnam .
Schidlovsky 's vole ( Microtus schidlovskii ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
The Burmese yuhina ( Yuhina humilis ) is a species of bird in the Zosteropidae family .
Gehyra is a genus of geckos known commonly as web - toed geckos or dtellas .
The Sardinian warbler ( Sylvia melanocephala ) is a common and widespread typical warbler from the Mediterranean region .
Together with Eucommia ulmoides the Garryaceae are currently placed by the Angiosperm Phylogeny Group in an own order , the Garryales .
The Maltese palpigrade ( Eukoenenia christiani , known as Il - Palpigrad ta ' Malta in Maltese ) , endemic to the Maltese Islands , comes from the order Palpigradi , a rather primitive order of arachnids .
The Anderson 's shrew ( Suncus stoliczkanus ) is a medium - sized species of shrew .
Pyropterus is a genus of net - winged beetles belonging to the family Lycidae .
Liopleurodon belongs to the family Pliosauridae , a clade within Plesiosauria , known from the Jurassic ( maybe also from the Cretaceous ) of Europe and North America .
Lobotos is a genus of bird in the cuckooshrike family Campephagidae .
The Malagasy slit - faced bat , ( Nycteris madagascariensis ) is a species of slit - faced bat in Madagascar .
Diplommatinidae is a family of small land snails with an operculum , terrestrial gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Cyclophoroidea .
Thomas 's mosaic - tailed rat ( Paramelomys mollis ) is a species of rodent in the family Muridae .
The San Esteban Island mouse ( Peromyscus stephani ) is a species of rodent in the family Cricetidae .
Myrceugenia is a genus of evergreen woody flowering trees and shrubs belonging to the myrtle family , Myrtaceae , first described as a genus in 1855 .
Theocolax is a parasitic wasps genus in the family Pteromalidae .
Uronautes is a dubious genus of extinct plesiosaur from the family Rhomaleosauridae .
Scaphytopiini is a tribe of leafhoppers in the subfamily Deltocephalinae .
The Aristideae is the sole tribe of grasses in the monotypic subfamily Aristidoideae of the true grass family Poaceae .
The Arfak Mountains frog ( Hylarana arfaki ) is a species of true frog in the genus Hylarana .
Cypseloides is a genus of swift in the Apodidae family .
Pleuronectinae is a subfamily of fish in the Pleuronectidae family , comprising 27 genera and 62 extant species ( there are also fossil species , including two Clidoderma ) .
The Yapacana antbird ( Myrmeciza disjuncta ) is a species of bird in the family Thamnophilidae .
The Saint Lucia lancehead or Saint Lucia pit viper ( Bothrops caribbaeus ) is a species of venomous snake which is endemic to the West Indies .
Kamel Mosaoud or Kamel Masoud ( born 2 August 1914-date of death unknown ) was an Egyptian football forward who played for Egypt in the 1934 FIFA World Cup .
`` Crazy Bitch '' is the sixth single by Los Angeles hard rock band Buckcherry , and first from their third album , 15 , and first to hit the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States , debuting at # 99 on May 6 , 2006 and peaking at # 59 .
Hubert Pál Álgyay ( Szeged , 6 June 1894 -- Budapest , 27 August 1945 ) was a Hungarian engineer and lecturer .
Maria das Graças Silva Foster ( pronunciation ) ( born 26 August 1953 ) , also known as Graça Foster , is a Brazilian business executive and chemical engineer .
Anthelm of Belley ( 1107 - -1178 ) was a prior of the Carthusian Grand Chartreuse and bishop of Belley .
Rt Rev John Bilsborrow was bishop of the Roman Catholic diocese of Salford , in England , from 1892 to 1903 .
Jean - Baptiste de Belloy ( 9 October 1709 , Morangles , Diocese of Beauvais -- Paris , 10 June 1808 ) was an Archbishop of Paris and cardinal of the Catholic Church .
Montek Singh Ahluwalia ( born 24 November 1943 ) is an Indian economist and civil servant who was the Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of the Republic of India , a position which carries the rank of a Cabinet Minister .
Ramón José de Arce y Rebollar ( 1757 -- 1844 ) was a Spanish churchman who served as Archbishop of Burgos from 1797 to 1801 ; as Grand Inquisitor of the Spanish Inquisition from 1797 to 1808 ; as Archbishop of Zaragoza from 1800 to 1816 ; and as Patriarch of the West Indies from 1806 to 1815 .
Nicolai Johan Lohmann Krog ( 6 July 1787 -- 15 October 1856 ) was First Minister of Norway ( 1836 - 1855 ) .
Ebrahim Rasool was the Premier of the Western Cape province from 2004 to 2008 .
Agostino Casaroli ( 24 November 1914 -- 9 June 1998 ) was an Italian Catholic priest and diplomat for the Holy See , who became Cardinal Secretary of State .
Aleksandar Tijanić ( Serbian Cyrillic : Александар Тијанић ; 13 December 1949 -- 28 October 2013 ) was a Serbian journalist and director of the country 's public broadcaster Radio Television of Serbia from 2004 to 2013 .
Robert Murray Smith , usually known as Murray Smith , CMG MA ( 29 October 1831 -- 31 August 1921 ) , was a member of the Victorian Legislative Assembly and Agent - General for Victoria ( Australia ) .
Roderick Lewis Macdonald MA , PhD , MSP ( born 1 January 1957 ) is a Scottish Labour politician and regional list Member of the Scottish Parliament for North East Scotland since 2011 .
Jedediah Morgan was a member of the New York State Senate ( 7th D. ) from 1824 to 1826 , sitting in the 47th , 48th and 49th New York State Legislatures .
Godfrey Ludham ( or Godfrey de Ludham or Godfrey Kineton ; died 1265 ) was Archbishop of York from 1258 to 1265 .
Meine Pit ( 9 November 1931 -- 1 February 2014 ) was a Dutch politician , he served at different times as a member of the Senate of the Netherlands , and States - Provincial of Gelderland between 1976 and 1999 for the Labour Party .
Nicolò Sagredo ( December 8 , 1606 -- August 14 , 1676 ) was the 105th Doge of Venice , reigning from February 6 , 1675 until his death less than two years later .
Hermann Jónasson ( 25 December 1896 -- 22 January 1976 ) was an Icelandic politician of the Progressive Party , who was Prime Minister of Iceland on two occasions .
Maria de Luna ( 1358 -- Villarreal , 20 December 1406 ) , was a queen consort of Aragon , as the spouse of King Martin I of Aragon .
Gnaeus Domitius Calvinus Maximus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 283 BC .
Hailemariam Desalegn also served as the Chairperson of the African Union from 2013 to 2014 .
James Michael Curley ( November 20 , 1874 -- November 12 , 1958 ) was an American politician famous for his four terms as Democratic Mayor of Boston , Massachusetts , and one term as Governor of Massachusetts .
Saint Sulien , Sulian , or Silin was the reputed 6th - century founder - abbot of a monastery at Luxulyan in Cornwall .
Karen Gillon , née Turnbull ( born 18 August 1967 , Edinburgh ) is a Scottish Labour politician , and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for Clydesdale from 1999 to 2011 .
John Joseph Williams was an American bishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Romanos III Argyros , or Romanus III Argyrus ( Greek : Ρωμανός Γ΄ Αργυρός , Rōmanos III Argyros ; 968 -- 11 April 1034 ) , was Byzantine emperor from 15 November 1028 until his death .
In 1500 , Jakob von Baden 's uncle , John II of Baden , Archbishop of Trier , had Jakob named his coadjutor archbishop , with the understanding that Jakob von Baden would succeed Johann von Baden as archbishop .
Sidney Perham ( March 27 , 1819 -- April 10 , 1907 ) was a U.S. Representative and the 33rd Governor of Maine and was an activist in the temperance movement .
Muhammad Naji al - Otari ( Arabic : محمد ناجي عطري‎ Muḥammad Nājī al-`Uṭrī also Etri , Itri and Otri ) ( born 1944 ) is a Syrian politician who was Prime Minister of Syria from 2003 to 2011 .
Silas Ephraim Obot ( October 6 , 1936 -- April 12 , 2009 ) was the Nigeria bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Idah on Nigeria from his appointment on December 17 , 1977 , until his death in 2009 .
Elmer Thomas was not a candidate for renomination in 1926 , having become a candidate for United States Senator ; elected as a Democrat to the United States Senate in 1926 , defeating former governor Jack Walton .
Roh Tae - woo ( Korean pronunciation : ( no tʰɛ.u ) ; born December 4 , 1932 ) is a former South Korean politician and ROK Army general who served as the 6th President of South Korea from 25 February 1988 to 25 February 1993 .
Kanishka I ( Sanskrit : कनिष्क ; Bactrian : Κανηϸκι , Kaneshki ; Middle Chinese : 迦腻色伽 ( Ka - ni - sak - ka > New Chinese : Jianisejia ) ) , or Kanishka the Great , was the emperor of the Kushan dynasty in the second century ( c. AD 127 - -163 ) .
José Lai Hung - seng ( Chinese : 黎鴻昇 ; born in Macau , 14 January 1946 ) is the Roman Catholic BishopoEmertiusf Macau , the first born in the diocese and the second Chinese bishop ( the first is Domingos Lam ) .
Thomas Watt Gregory ( November 6 , 1861 -- February 26 , 1933 ) was a political progressive and American attorney who served as United States Attorney General from 1914 to 1919 , during President Woodrow Wilson 's administration .
John Tillotson ( October 1630 -- 22 November 1694 ) was the Anglican Archbishop of Canterbury from 1691 to 1694 .
Gabriel Tammelin ( Gabriel Laurentii , Tammelensis , Tammelinus , February 24 , 1641 - August 2 , 1698 ) was vicar of Lohja , and a collector and translator of Finnish proverbs .
Ioannis Marangos ( Greek : Ιωάννης Μαραγκός , Italian : Giovanni Marango ; 31 March 1833 in Ano Syros -- 17 December 1891 in Smyrna ) , was a Roman Catholic archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Athens .
Marlyn Glen ( born 30 September 1951 , Dundee ) is a Scottish Labour politician , and was Member of the Scottish Parliament for North East Scotland region from 2003 to 2011 .
Richard Elsner ( May 29 , 1859 - January 18 , 1938 ) was an American attorney and judge from Milwaukee , Wisconsin who served one term as a Socialist member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Edward Nager ( July 22 , 1927 ) is an American lawyer and politician who served six terms as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Madison , Wisconsin .
Ugo Pietro Spinola ( 29 June 1791 -- 21 January 1858 ) was a Catholic cardinal and was Apostolic Nuncio to Austria and camerlengo of the Sacred College of Cardinals .
Lucius Minucius Esquilinus Augurinus , son of Publius , was consul of the Roman Republic with Gaius Nautius Rutilus in 458 BC . Minucius was ordered to bring his army against the Aequi camped near Tusculum .
Symphorian Thomas Keeprath ( 22 April 1931 Kadaplamattom , Kottayam , Kerala -- 3 May 2015 ) was an Indian Roman Catholic bishop .
Steingrímur Hermannsson ( pronounced ( ˈsteinkrimur ˈhɛrmanˌsɔn ) ) ( 22 June 1928 -- 1 February 2010 ) was an Icelandic politician who served as Prime Minister of Iceland from 1983 to 1987 , and again from 1988 to 1991 .
Saint Cerbonius ( Cerbo , Italian : San Cerbone , San Cerbonio ) ( d. 575 AD ) was a bishop of Populonia during the Barbarian invasions .
Eric Chu ( Chinese : 朱立倫 ; pinyin : Zhū Lìlún ; born on 7 June 1961 ) is a Taiwanese politician and the incumbent Mayor of New Taipei .
Dimitris Reppas ( Greek : Δημήτρης Ρέππας ; born July 6 , 1952 in Leonidio , Arcadia ) is a Greek politician of the Movement of Democratic Socialists and a current Member of the Hellenic Parliament .
Isaac C. Evans ( born January 17 , 1879 in Spring Green , Wisconsin ) was a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
Boniface Tshosa Setlalekgosi ( born 14 September 1927 ) was the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Gaborone , Botswana , from 1981 until 2009 .
Prospero Colonna di Sciarra ( January 17 , 1707 -- April 20 , 1765 ) was an Italian cardinal of the family of the dukes of Carbognano .
Marcus Baebius Tamphilus was a consul of the Roman Republic in 181 BC along with P. Cornelius Cethegus .
Ben Boo ( born January 1925 ) is former Minnesota politician who served as the 33rd mayor of Duluth from 1967 - -1975 , and as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives representing District 8B from 1984 - 1993 .
Erhard Egidi ( 23 April 1929 -- 8 September 2014 ) was a German cantor , organist and composer of sacred music .
Mihaela Popa has been a member of the Senate of Romania since 2008 .
John Washington Butler ( December 17 , 1875 -- September 24 , 1952 ) was an American farmer and a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1923 - 1927 .
Wong Siu - yee , BBS , JP ( born 4 July 1953 , Hong Kong ) was the member of the Provisional Legislative Council and the Kowloon City District Board member ( 1985 - -2003 ) and Urban Council ( 1991 - -94 ) .
Báetán moccu Chormaic , abbot of Clonmacnoise , died 1 March 664 .
José E. Benedicto was the Treasurer of Puerto Rico , and briefly served as acting Governor of Puerto Rico in 1921 .
Thamphthis is the hellenized name of an ancient Egyptian ruler ( pharaoh ) of the 4th dynasty in the Old Kingdom , who may have ruled around 2500 BC under the name Djedefptah for between two to nine years .
Arthur J. Balzer ( March 6 , 1895 - January 31 , 1962 ) was an American merchant and lecturer from West Allis , Wisconsin who served several terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly from Milwaukee County , first in the 1930s and again for a single term in the 1950s .
Mary Sue Coleman ( born Wilson ; October 2 , 1943 ) was the 13th President of the University of Michigan .
Even before his consecration as bishop , Altfrid had been active in the foundation of several female religious communities .
Abdou Diouf ( pronunciation AHB - doo D - YOO - F ; Serer : Abdu Juuf ; born September 7 , 1935 ) is a Senegalese politician who served as the second President of Senegal from 1981 to 2000 .
Tamás Bakócz ( 1442 Erdőd -- 15 June 1521 , Esztergom ) was a Hungarian archbishop , cardinal and statesman .
Rudolph W. E. Fritzke ( born October 7 , 1849 in Germany ) , was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly .
In 1951 , Pope Pius XII appointed Corrado Ursi bishop of Nardò , a post that he held for 10 years .
Gaius Caecilius Metellus Caprarius ( b. ca . 160 BC ) was a consul of the Roman Republic in 113 BC with Gnaeus Papirius Carbo .
Mohamed Beji Caid Essebsi ( or es - Sebsi , Arabic : محمد الباجي قائد السبسي‎ , Muhammad al - Bājī Qā’id as - Sibsī ; born 29 November 1926 ) is a Tunisian politician who has been President of Tunisia since December 2014 .
Claude Jeannerot ( born April 10 , 1945 ) was a member of the Senate of France , representing the Doubs department .
Severo Aparicio Quispe , O. de M. , ( October 8 , 1923 -- May 6 , 2013 ) was a Peruvian friar of the Mercedarian Order who was made a bishop of the Catholic Church .
Gabriel Acacius Coussa ( August 3 , 1897 -- July 29 , 1962 ) was a Syrian Melkite Catholic archbishop , expert in canon law and cardinal .
Ernest Dewey Gleason , known as E. D. Gleason ( September 9 , 1899 -- July 25 , 1959 ) , was a Democratic member of the Louisiana House of Representatives from the Evergreen Community north of Minden in Webster Parish in northwestern Louisiana .
Gaspar de Borja y Velasco ( 26 June 1580 -- 28 December 1645 ) was a Spanish cardinal , ecclesiastic and politician .
Cameron Sexton is a Republican member of the Tennessee House of Representatives for the 25th district and Majority Party Whip , encompassing Crossville , Cumberland County , Monterey , Tennessee , and Spencer , Tennessee .
Federico Frezzi ( Foligno , 14th century - Konstanz , 1416 ) was Italian poet and bishop .
Carlo Contarini ( Venice , July 5 , 1580 -- Venice , May 1 , 1656 ) was the 100th Doge of Venice , reigning from his election on March 27 , 1655 until his death a little over a year later .
William John McNaughton , M.M.,나길모 굴리엘모 , ( born December 7 , 1926 ) is an American - born Catholic missionary and bishop .
William F. Collum ( 1812-September 19 , 1866 ) was a surgeon and politician of Jeffersonville , Indiana in which he served on the city council and as mayor .
Edda Ceccoli ( 26 June 1947 ) was Captain Regent of San Marino from 1 October 1991 to 1 April 1992 .
Henry Bowet ( died 20 October 1423 ) was both Bishop of Bath and Wells and Archbishop of York .
Edward H. Kiefer ( May 1 , 1874 - -April 14 , 1951 ) was an American house painter who served seven terms ( 1911 - -1914 and 1931 - -40 ) as a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly representing Milwaukee .
Nissim Dahan ( Hebrew : נסים דהן‎ , born 7 May 1954 ) is a former Israeli politician who served as Minister of Health from 2001 until 2003 .
Gelo now ruled as the new tyrant of Syracuse and left his brother Hiero to rule over Gela .
Michael Hughes Kenny ( June 26 , 1937 - February 19 , 1995 ) was a 20th - century bishop in the Catholic Church in the United States .
Fred Durhal , Jr. ( born 1951 ) was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives .
Djet , also known as Wadj , Zet , and Uadji ( in Greek possibly the pharaoh known as Uenephes or possibly Atothis ) , was the fourth Egyptian pharaoh of the first dynasty .
Adeodato Giovanni Piazza , O.C.D. ( 30 September 1884 -- 30 November 1957 ) was an Italian friar of the Discalced Carmelite Order , who became a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church , and Patriarch of Venice , as well as a member of the Roman Curia in Vatican City .
Frederick Peters ( April 8 , 1851 -- July 29 , 1919 ) was a lawyer and Prince Edward Island politician , who served as the sixth Premier of Prince Edward Island .
Netjerkare Siptah ( also Neitiqerty Siptah and Nitocris ) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh , the seventh and last ruler of the 6th Dynasty .
Berardo Eroli ( 1409 - -1479 ) ( called the Cardinal of Spoleto ) was an Italian Roman Catholic bishop and cardinal .
Sanji Mmasenono Monageng ( born 1950 ) has been a judge of the International Criminal Court ( ICC ) since 2009 .
Giuseppe Cozza - Luzi ( 24 December 1837 -- 1 June 1905 ) was an Italian savant and abbot of the Basilian monastery of Grottaferrata near Rome .
Edwald ( or Edwaldus ) was Archbishop of York for a time , in the year 971 .
Konstantinos Skourletis ( Greek : Κωνσταντίνος Σκουρλέτης , died 1888 ) was a Greek politician and a mayor of Patras .
Ansgar Bethge was Inspector of the Navy from 1980 to 1985 .
Juho Kusti Paasikivi ( ( ˈjuɦo ˈkusti ˈpɑːsiˌkiʋi ) ; November 27 , 1870 -- December 14 , 1956 ) was the seventh President of Finland ( 1946 - -1956 ) .
Gordon Slynn , Baron Slynn of Hadley GBE PC QC ( 17 February 1930 -- 7 April 2009 ) was a British jurist specialising in European and International Law , and a former judge of the European Court of Justice and Lord of Appeal in Ordinary .
Théodore - Adrien Sarr ( born 28 November 1936 ) is a Senegalese cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church .
Ratchis ( Rachis - Raditschs - Radics - Radiks , there are various spellings ) was the Duke of Friuli ( 739 - 744 ) and King of the Lombards ( 744 - 749 ) .
Cassius McDonald Barnes ( August 25 , 1845 -- February 18 , 1925 ) was a soldier in the Union army in the American Civil War , and a lawyer and Republican politician who served as the 4th Governor of Oklahoma Territory .
Albert Reynolds ( 3 November 1932 -- 21 August 2014 ) was an Irish politician who was Taoiseach of Ireland , serving from February 1992 to December 1994 .
William A. Collins ( born 1935 , Norwalk , Connecticut ) is a Democratic former two - term member of the Connecticut House of Representatives from the 140th assembly district and four term mayor of Norwalk , Connecticut from 1977 to 1981 and from 1983 to 1987 .
Monsignor Crescente Errázuriz Valdivieso ( November 18 , 1839 -- July 5 , 1931 ) was a Chilean Dominican friar , Roman Catholic archbishop of Santiago , professor , writer and historian .
Mallam Isa Yuguda was elected Governor of Bauchi State , Nigeria in April 2007 on the All Nigeria Peoples Party ( ANPP ) platform .
Adolphe - Maria Gustave Hardy ( July 23 , 1920 -- August 9 , 2011 ) was a French prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who served as bishop of the Diocese of Beauvais , France from 1985 to 1995 .
Stephen Naidoo , C.Ss . R. ( 29 October 1937 -- 1 July 1989 ) , was a South African Redemptorist and archbishop of the Roman Catholic Church .
Ron Stephens ( born 1948 ) is a former Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 102nd district from 1985 to 1991 , and from 1993 until 2011 when he announced his retirement .
Sir Charles Petrie , 1st Baronet ( 1853 -- 9 July 1920 ) was a Scottish businessman and local politician , Lord Mayor of Liverpool in 1901 - -2 .
William Lyman Smith ( February 12 , 1878 -- ? ) was a teacher and businessman from Neillsville , Wisconsin who served one term as a Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly , in 1917 , and two terms as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate , 1921 - 1927 .
Henry Gower ( aka Henry de Gower ) was a medieval canonist , college Fellow , university Chancellor , and bishop .
Guthrum II was , according to some reconstructions , a King of East Anglia in the early tenth century .
Mikko Pesälä ( born 30 November 1938 , Iitti ) is a Finnish ex - politician and a former Finnish member of the European Parliament .
Hubert Constant ( September 18 , 1931 -- September 23 , 2011 ) was the Roman Catholic metropolitan archbishop of Cap - Haïtien .
Manuel António Mendes dos Santos ( born 20 March 1960 ) has been the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of São Tomé and Príncipe since 1 December 2006 .
Paweł Samecki ( born 12 March 1958 in Łódź ) is Polish economist and served as the European Commissioner for Regional Policy ( 2009 - -10 ) .
Andrzej Krzycki herbu Kotwicz ( Krzycko Małe , 7 July 1482 -- † Skierniewice , 10 May ) , 1537 ) was a Renaissance Polish writer and archbishop .
Andrew Turnbull , Baron Turnbull , KCB , CVO ( born 21 January 1945 ) was the head of Her Majesty 's Civil Service and Cabinet Secretary between 2002 and 2005 when he was succeeded by Sir Gus O'Donnell .
Gordon Bates ( born 16 March 1934 ) was the eighth Bishop of Whitby .
Jadranka Kosor ( pronounced ( jǎdraːnka kɔ̂sɔr ) ; born 1 July 1953 ) is a Croatian politician who served as Prime Minister of Croatia from 2009 to 2011 , having taken office following the sudden resignation of her predecessor Ivo Sanader .
Fazal Ilahi Chaudhry English IPA : fəzɛl ɪllɑɦi t͡ʃɒɪdɾɪ ( Punjabi , Urdu : فضل الہی چودہری‎ ; 1 January 1904 -- 2 June 1982 ) , was the fifth President of Pakistan , serving from 1973 until 1978 , prior to the martial law led by Chief of Army Staff General Zia - ul - Haq .
So the enfranchised capitular canons , which were mostly Lutherans since the Reformation , of Bremen Cathedral and Hamburg Cathedral chapter ( with only three votes ) elected Henry of Saxe - Lauenburg archbishop on 17 February 1567 .
Ellen Cohen was a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives from District 134 from 2007 to 2011 and is a current member of the Houston City Council .
Count Robert Henrik Rehbinder ( 15 July 1777 -- 8 March 1841 ) was the Secretary of State for the Grand Duchy of Finland between 1811 and 1841 .
Harry Chadwick ( born 13 November 1930 in Toronto , Ontario ) was a member of the House of Commons of Canada from 1988 to 1993 .
Joseph M. Lyons is a former Democratic member of the Illinois House of Representatives , representing the 19th District since being elected in November 1996 .
Ram Sundar Das ( Hindi : राम सुन्दर दास ; 9 January 1921 -- 6 March 2015 ) was an Indian politician and a former Chief Minister of Bihar state .
Qazi Muhammad ( Kurdish : Qazî Mihemed ) ( 1893 - -1947 ) was a Kurdish leader and the head of the Republic of Kurdistan ( Republic of Mahabad ) , the second modern self declared Kurdish state in the Middle East ( after the Republic of Ararat ) .
Kim Young - sam ( Hangul : 김영삼 ; hanja : 金泳三 ; Korean pronunciation : ( kim jʌŋsʰam ) ; 20 December 1927 -- 22 November 2015 ) was a South Korean politician and democratic activist , who served as the seventh President of South Korea from 1993 to 1998 .
William Sancroft ( 30 January 1617 -- 24 November 1693 ) was the 79th Archbishop of Canterbury , and was one of the Seven Bishops imprisoned in 1688 for seditious libel against King James II , over his opposition to the king 's Declaration of Indulgence .
Andrés Pastrana Arango ( born 17 August 1954 ) was the 30th President of Colombia from 1998 to 2002 , following in the footsteps of his father , Misael Pastrana Borrero , who was president from 1970 to 1974 .
The Jingtai Emperor ( 景泰 IPA : ( tɕìŋtʰâɪ ) ) ( 21 September 1428 -- 14 March 1457 ) , born Zhu Qiyu , was Emperor of China from 1449 to 1457 .
Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa ( born 9 April 1936 in Punjab ) is a member of the Rajya Sabha , the upper house of the Parliament of India .
Thutmose I ( sometimes read as Thothmes , Thutmosis or Tuthmosis I , meaning Thoth - Born ) was the third pharaoh of the 18th dynasty of Egypt .
Archbishop Virgil Patrick Copas KBE MSC ( 19 March 1915 -- 3 October 1993 ) was archbishop of Kerema and Port Moresby , both in Papua New Guinea .
Christ M. Stauffer ( May 25 , 1896 - October 15 , 1963 ) was an American Republican member of the Wisconsin State Assembly in the late 1950s and early 1960s .
Evan Mecham ( /ˈmiːkəm/ MEE - kəm ; May 12 , 1924 -- February 21 , 2008 ) was the 17th Governor of Arizona .
Allen Kukovich is a former member of the Pennsylvania State Senate , where he represented the 39th senatorial district from 1996 through 2004 .
Herman Malchow served as a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1893 to 1894 .
George Hewston ( September 11 , 1826 -- September 4 , 1891 ) was appointed the 16th Mayor of San Francisco upon the death of James Otis .
Guido Gallese ( born 18 March 1962 ) is the bishop of Alessandria della Paglia since his appointment was announced on 20 October 2012 .
Francesco Marucelli ( 1625 - 1703 ) was an Italian abbot , bibliographer and bibliophile .
Bishop Dr. Michael Arattukulam ( 17 April 1910 -- 20 March 1995 ) was the first bishop of the Diocese of Alleppey and an Advocate of the Rotae Romanae .
Hans Schaidinger ( b. 1949 in Freilassing ) , ( member of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria ) , has been mayor of the city of Regensburg , Germany since 1996 .
Oswald Georg Hirmer ( February 28 , 1930 Amberg , Germany-- March 5 , 2011 ) was a Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Umtata , South Africa .
Philippe Kirsch , OC , QC ( born April 1 , 1947 ) is a Canadian lawyer who served as a judge of the International Criminal Court from 2003 to 2009 and was the Court 's first president .
Major - General Patrick Aziza ( 23 December 1947 -- 16 August 2014 ) was the first military Governor of Kebbi State , Nigeria after it was split off from Sokoto State on 27 August 1991 during the military regime of General Ibrahim Babangida .
Ricardo María Carles Gordó ( 24 September 1926 -- 17 December 2013 ) was a cardinal priest and Archbishop Emeritus of Barcelona in the Catholic Church .
Polycarp ( Greek : Πολύκαρπος , Polýkarpos ; Latin : Polycarpus ; AD 69 -- 155 ) was a 2nd - century Christian bishop of Smyrna .
Joaquín Cruz Pérez or Joaquín Pérez y Cruz ( 1860 - -1939 ) was an early Guam judge and acting - Governor of Guam from February 1 to April 20 , 1899 .
Girolamo Grimaldi - Cavalleroni ( 20 August 1597 - - 4 November 1685 ) was an Italian cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop of Aix .
Damianus ( or Damian ) served as Bishop of Rochester from his consecration between 655 and 664 until his death about 664 .
Pierre Petit de Julleville , was a French Catholic priest , who became archbishop of Rouen .
Manuel Gonçalves Cerejeira , GCC ( 29 November 1888 , Lousado , Vila Nova de Famalicão , Portugal -- 2 August 1977 , Buraca , Amadora , Portugal ) was a Portuguese cardinal who served as cardinal - patriarch of Lisbon from 1929 to 1971 .
Carden Wallace ( fl . 1970 - - ) is an Australian scientist who was the director of the Museum of Tropical Queensland from 1997 to 2003 .
Antonio de Hornedo Correa ( 1915 - -2006 ) was the Spanish born bishop of Chachapoyas from 1977 to 1991 .
Mohamed Moncef Marzouki ( Arabic : محمد المنصف المرزوقي‎ ; Muhammad al - Munṣif al - Marzūqī , born 7 July 1945 ) is a Tunisian politician who was President of Tunisia from 2011 to 2014 .
Benjamin Franklin Perry ( November 20 , 1805 -- December 3 , 1886 ) was the 72nd Governor of South Carolina , appointed by President Andrew Johnson in 1865 after the end of the American Civil War .
Elisha Harris ( September 8 , 1791 -- February 1 , 1861 ) of Coventry , Kent County , Rhode Island , was Lieutenant Governor of Rhode Island , 1846 - -47 serving under Governor Byron Diman and the 20th Governor of Rhode Island 1847 - -49 .
Saint Dalmatius of Rodez ( French : Saint Dalmas , Dalmace ) was a bishop of Rodez from 524 to 580 .
Edward Keogh was an American printer who served eighteen years as a Democratic member of the Wisconsin State Assembly and two years as a member of the Wisconsin State Senate , representing Milwaukee districts .
Mariann Fischer Boel ( Danish pronunciation : ( maʁian fiɕɐ ˈb̥oˀl ) ; born 15 April 1943 , Åsum ) is a Danish politician , serving as European Commissioner for Agriculture and Rural Development from 2004 to 2009 .
Nathan Ballentine ( born December 10 , 1970 ) is a Republican member of the South Carolina House of Representatives , USA , representing the House District 71 since 2005 .
Thomas Francis Doran ( October 4 , 1856 -- January 3 , 1916 ) served as an American Roman Catholic bishop .
Tarisa Watanagase ( Thai : ธาริษา วัฒนเกส ; RTGS : Tharisa Watthanaket ; ( tʰāːrísǎː wáttʰánákèːt ) ; born 30 November 1949 ) is a former governor of the Bank of Thailand ( 2006 - -2010 ) .
Dominique Vien ( born February 10 , 1967 in Lévis , Quebec ) is a Canadian politician , who served as Member of the National Assembly for the electoral district of Bellechasse from 2003 to 2007 .
William of Hirsau ( or Wilhelm von Hirschau ) ( c. 1030 -- 5 July 1091 ) was a Benedictine abbot and monastic reformer .
Hajji Murad , also Hajji Murat , was an Ottoman Empire ambassador to France in the 16th century .
Jaime Cardona ( died 1 December 1466 ) was a Catholic cardinal .
Jean - Max Bellerive ( born 1958 ) is a Haitian politician and former Prime Minister of Haiti .
Saint Clement of Metz ( French : Clément de Metz ) is venerated as the first Bishop of Metz .
The first problems Majorian had to handle were the consolidation of his rule over Italy and the recovery of Gaul , since this province had rebelled after the deposition of the Gaulo - Roman emperor Avitus .
Jesse Addison Udall ( June 24 , 1893 -- April 18 , 1980 ) was a member of the Udall political family who served as chief justice of the Arizona Supreme Court .
Roland Pierre DuMaine ( born August 2 , 1931 ) is an American Roman Catholic bishop .
Daniel Acharuparambil ( 12 May 1939 -- 26 October 2009 ) was a Roman Catholic Indian archbishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Verapoly in Kerela .
Pavol Hnilica ( March 30 , 1921 in Uňatín -- October 8 , 2006 ) was a Slovak Roman - Catholic bishop and Jesuit .
Menkaure ( also read as Menkaura ) , was an ancient Egyptian king ( pharaoh ) of the 4th dynasty during the Old Kingdom , who is well known under his Hellenized names Mykerinos ( by Herodotus ) and Menkheres ( by Manetho ) .
Camillus Paul Maes was the third bishop of the Diocese of Covington , Kentucky , United States .
Marino Caracciolo ( 1468 -- January 28 , 1538 ) was a Neapolitan cardinal and diplomat in the service of Emperor Charles V. Born in Naples into one of the most important families in the Kingdom of Naples , he spent his youth and was educated under the tutelage of Cardinal Ascanio Sforza at the court of Milan .
Chen Shui - bian ( Chinese : 陳水扁 ; born October 12 , 1950 ) is a retired Taiwanese politician and lawyer who served as President of the Republic of China ( Taiwan ) from 2000 to 2008 .
Dudley Anthony Gautreaux , known as Butch Gautreaux ( born December 21 , 1947 ) , is a Democratic former member of the Louisiana State Senate from Morgan City , Louisiana .
Dr Ko Wing - man BBS , JP ( Chinese : 高永文 , born 1957 ) is the Secretary for Food and Health of Hong Kong .
Dominique de La Rochefoucauld ( Saint - Ilpize , Haute - Loire , 26 September 1712 -- Münster , Germany , 23 September 1800 ) was a French abbot , bishop , archbishop , and Cardinal .
Dinuzulu kaCetshwayo ( 1868 -- 18 October 1913 , commonly misspelled Dinizulu ) was the king of the Zulu nation from 20 May 1884 until his death in 1913 .
Janet Kay Hagan ( née Ruthven ; born May 26 , 1953 ) is an American politician who served as a United States Senator from North Carolina from 2009 to 2015 .
Nana Effah - Apenteng was the Permanent Representative of Ghana to the United Nations between May 2000 and 2007 .
Abdallah al - Ghalib Billah ( 1517 -- 22 January 1574 , reigned 1557 - -74 ) was the second Saadian sultan of Morocco .
Johannes Junius ( 1573 -- August 6 , 1628 ) was the mayor ( German : Bürgermeister ) of Bamberg , and a victim of the Bamberg witch trials , who wrote a letter to his daughter from jail while he awaited execution for witchcraft .
Ottorino Pietro Alberti ( 17 December 1927 -- 17 July 2012 ) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop who served as Archbishop of Cagliari from 1987 to 2003 .
David Fleischaker ( born 1944 ) is an American businessman and lawyer who served as the Oklahoma Secretary of Energy under Governor of Oklahoma Brad Henry from 2003 to 2008 .
Right Reverend Edgar Philip Prindle Wadhams ( May 17 , 1817 -- December 5 , 1891 ) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Ogdensburg , New York .
Nicolae Golescu ( 1810 - -1877 ) was a Wallachian Romanian politician who served as the Prime Minister of Romania in 1860 and May--
Drakpa Odzer ( Wylie : Grags pa ' od zer ) ( 1246 - 1303 ) was a Tibetan Imperial Preceptor ( Dishi ) at the court of the Mongol Yuan dynasty .
Lars Løkke Rasmussen ( Danish : ( lɑːs ˈløɡ̊ə ˈʁɑsmusn̩ ) ; 15 May 1964 ) is a Danish politician who has served as Prime Minister of Denmark since June 2015 .
Meg Masters is a fictional character on The CW Television Network 's drama and horror television series Supernatural .
Tina 's Pals ( `` Turma da Tina '' ) is a Brazilian comic strip series , part of the Monica 's Gang series , created in 1970 .
Nina Myers is a fictional character on the television series , 24 , played by Sarah Clarke .
Wang Xifeng ( Chinese : 王熙鳳 ) is one of the principal characters in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
FAB 1 is a pink , six - wheeled car seen in the 1960s British science - fiction television series Thunderbirds , its three film adaptations , and the reboot TV series Thunderbirds Are Go .
Jehosheba ( alternately Jehoshebeath ) ( Hebrew : יְהוֹשֶׁ֫בַע‎ Yehosheba , `` the LORD is an oath '' ) , or Josaba , is a figure in the Hebrew Bible .
Jeffster ! is a fictional cover band on the television series Chuck .
Hugh Sullivan is a fictional character in the Australian Soap Opera Home and Away , played by Rodger Corser .
Queen Vashti ( Hebrew : ושתי‎ , Koine Greek : Αστιν Astin ) is the first wife of Persian King Ahasuerus in the Book of Esther , a book included in the Tanakh ( Hebrew Bible ) and read on the Jewish holiday of Purim .
`` Days of our Lives - Bios - John Aniston as Victor Kiriakis '' .
Cyrax is a player character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game franchise created for Midway Games by Ed Boon and John Tobias .
Jack Lord was the first Felix Leiter , appointed into the role for the first Bond film , Dr. No . Eon Productions started filming the series out of the order written by Fleming ( Fleming had started with Casino Royale , with Dr. No being the sixth novel ) .
Leonie Richter is a fictional character on the German soap opera Verbotene Liebe ( Forbidden Love ) .
In the fictional Battlestar Galactica universe , the Adama family is the family of Commander Adama , commander of the Battlestar Galactica , and they are some of the core characters of the series .
Augustus Hill is a fictional character , played by Harold Perrineau on the American television show Oz , serving as the show 's narrator .
The Itchy & Scratchy Show ( often shortened as Itchy & Scratchy ) is a running gag and fictional animated television series featured in the animated television series The Simpsons .
Dr. Lily Hassan is a fictional character in the soap opera Doctors , played by Seeta Indrani and made her first appearance on 28 October 2008 .
Kelly Watson is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Home and Away portrayed by Katrina Hobbs .
In The Hobbit , The Lord of the Rings , and associated writings , the expansive forest of Greenwood the Great was called Mirkwood .
In the epic Mahabharata , Ambalika ( Hindi : अम्‍बालिका ) is the daughter of Kashya , the King of Kashi , and wife of Vichitravirya , the King of Hastinapura .
Big Bird is a character on the children 's television show Sesame Street .
Kareem Saïd ( pronounced sai - EED ) is a fictional character played by British actor Eamonn Walker on the American television show Oz . Saïd is one of the most powerful prisoners in Oz with considerable influence and control of a large portion of the inmate population and outside prison with ties to community leaders and media contacts .
Duff Beer is a brand of beer that originally started as a fictional beverage on the animated series The Simpsons .
Laurie Bates is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera , EastEnders , played by Gary Powell .
Xue Pan ( Chinese : 薛蟠 ; Pinyin : Xūe Pán ) is a secondary character in the classic Chinese novel Dream of the Red Chamber .
Jor - El first appears to Clark as a voice emanating from the spaceship that brought Clark to Earth , informing him that it is time to leave Smallville and fulfill his destiny , a destiny that Clark believes is to conquer the world .
Holden Snyder and Lily Walsh Snyder are fictional characters and the signature supercouple of the CBS daytime soap opera As the World Turns .
Molly Bloom is a fictional character in the novel Ulysses by James Joyce .
Philip Tattaglia is a fictional character and antagonist in Mario Puzo 's novel The Godfather , the first installment of The Godfather film trilogy and The Godfather video game .
Emeth ( Hebrew אמת : `` truth , '' `` firmness , '' or `` veracity '' ) is a Calormene character from C. S. Lewis 's book The Last Battle ( from the Chronicles of Narnia series ) .
The Thin White Duke was David Bowie 's 1976 persona and character , primarily identified with his album Station to Station ( released that year ) and mentioned by name in the title track , although the ' Duke ' persona had begun to be adopted during the Young Americans tour and promotion .
Sherry Palmer is a fictional character on the television series 24 , played by Penny Johnson Jerald .
Micaiah ( Hebrew : מיכיהו Mikay'hu `` Who is like Yah ? '' ) , son of Imlah , is a prophet in the Hebrew Bible .
Alexis Meade ( born Alexander Spencer Meade ) is a fictional character from the ABC dramedy series Ugly Betty , initially portrayed by Elizabeth Penn Payne ( when she was listed in the credits as `` Masked Lady '' ) for the first twelve episodes of her appearance .
Captain Jack Harkness is a fictional character played by John Barrowman in Doctor Who and its spin - off series , Torchwood .
Details of Boldog 's Raid are scattered through numerous texts and versions of texts but not included in The Silmarillion as published by Christopher Tolkien .
Iscah ( Hebrew : יִסְכָּה‎ Yiskāh ) is the daughter of Haran and niece of Abraham in the Hebrew Bible .
Battlestar Pegasus is a fictional spacecraft that appears in both the original and the reimagined television series Battlestar Galactica .
Transformers was getting the better sales , but Rock Lords was able to last for three series .
Craig Middlebrooks is a fictional character on the NBC sitcom Parks and Recreation .
Doctor Harold Legg is a fictional character from the British soap opera EastEnders , played by Leonard Fenton .
Noah Bennet , also known as the man in horn - rimmed glasses ( aka HRG ) or simply Mr. Bennet , is a character from the NBC drama Heroes played by Jack Coleman .
Liberty Savage is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera Hollyoaks , played by actress and singer - songwriter Abi Phillips .
Deke Pascal was a fictional character played by Darren Saul in the UK Soap Opera Family Affairs from 2001 until 2002 .
Dr. Jimmi Clay is a fictional character in the BBC soap opera Doctors , played by Adrian Lewis Morgan .
Janet Mitchell ( briefly known as Petal ) is a fictional character from the BBC soap opera EastEnders , played by child actor Grace , who has Down 's syndrome .
Lord Voldemort ( /ˈvoʊldəmɔr/ , or /ˈvoʊldəmɔrt/ in the films ) ( born Tom Marvolo Riddle ) is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling 's Harry Potter series .
Lucy Westenra is a fictional character in the novel Dracula ( 1897 ) by Bram Stoker .
Lance Sweets , Ph.D. , Psy . D. , is a fictional character in the American television series Bones .
The Cup of Jamshid or , in reality , the Cup of Kai Khosrow ( Cup of Djemscheed or Jaam - e Jam , or cup of Kai Khosrow in Persian : جام جم ) is a cup of divination which , in Persian mythology , was long possessed by the rulers of ancient Persia .
Ling Woo is a fictional character in the US comedy - drama Ally McBeal , portrayed by Chinese - American actress Lucy Liu .
JR Chandler and Babe Carey are fictional characters of the JR and Babe or Jabe couple from the American daytime drama All My Children .
Sky Mangel ( previously Bishop ) is a fictional character from the Australian soap opera Neighbours .
Roy Glover is a fictional character on the British soap opera Emmerdale played by Nicky Evans .
Companions of Xanth is an adventure game published in 1993 by Legend Entertainment .
The Earthshaker is a blues album by Koko Taylor , released on March 1 , 1978 by Alligator Records .
Silent Light ( Plautdietsch : Stellet Lijcht ; Spanish : Luz silenciosa ) is a 2007 film written and directed by Carlos Reygadas .
O Sangue ( Blood ) is the Portuguese filmmaker Pedro Costa 's first feature film .
Some Say No ( Italian : C'è chi dice no ) is a 2011 Italian comedy film directed by Giambattista Avellino .
The Camels ( Italian : I cammelli ) is a 1988 Italian comedy film written and directed by Giuseppe Bertolucci .
Jay Jay ( Tamil : ஜே ஜே ) is a 2003 Tamil romance film written and directed by Saran .
Zokkomon ( Hindi : ज़ॉक्कोमॉन ) is 2011 Bollywood action superhero film , released by Disney World Cinema , written and directed by Satyajit Bhatkal .
Right Cross is a 1950 drama film , released by MGM , directed by John Sturges , written by Charles Schnee and starring June Allyson , Ricardo Montalban , Dick Powell , Lionel Barrymore , and ( in a small uncredited role ) Marilyn Monroe .
Army Daze is a 1996 Singaporean comedy movie based on the 1987 theatre play ( which had a rerun in March 2006 ) of the same name by Singaporean writer Michael Chiang .
Influenced by the works of Agatha Christie , Isaac Asimov and Frank Herbert , The Robots of Death was Chris Boucher 's second contribution to Doctor Who as a writer , Michael E. Briant 's final contribution to the series as a director and Philip Hinchcliffe 's penultimate story as producer .
Lavorare con lentezza ( internationally released as Working Slowly ( Radio Alice ) ) is a 2004 Italian drama film directed by Guido Chiesa .
I Live as I Please ( Italian : Voglio vivere così ) is a 1942 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Mattoli and starring Ferruccio Tagliavini .
`` Welcome Party '' was written by Steve Hely and directed by series regular Ed Helms , who portrays Andy Bernard .
The Fisher King is a 1991 American comedy - drama film written by Richard LaGravenese and directed by Terry Gilliam .
Bullets over Broadway is a 1994 American crime - comedy film written by Woody Allen and Douglas McGrath and directed by Woody Allen .
My Afternoons with Margueritte ( French : La tête en friche ) is a 2010 French film directed by Jean Becker , based on the book of the same name by Marie - Sabine Roger .
I , Cesar ( French : Moi César , 10 ans 1/2 , 1m39 ) is a 2003 French comedy film directed by Richard Berry .
Alla mia cara mamma nel giorno del suo compleanno ( To my dear mother on the day of her birthday ) is a 1974 Italian comedy drama film directed by Luciano Salce .
Fading Gigolo is a 2013 American comedy film directed , written by , and starring John Turturro .
Apaharan ( English : `` Kidnapping '' ) is a 2005 Indian Hindi crime drama film directed by Prakash Jha and stars Ajay Devgan and Nana Patekar in the lead roles .
Der weisse Rausch ( The White Ecstasy ) is a 1931 German mountain film written and directed by Arnold Fanck and starring Hannes Schneider , Leni Riefenstahl , Guzzi Lantschner , and Walter Riml .
Manhunt in the City ( Italian : L'uomo della strada fa giustizia , literally : `` The Average Man Does Justice '' , also known as The Manhunt ) is a 1975 Italian poliziottesco film directed by Umberto Lenzi .
In the Shadow of Women ( French : L'Ombre des femmes ) is a 2015 French - Swiss drama film directed by Philippe Garrel .
It 's in the Bag ! is a 1945 comedy film featuring Fred Allen in his only starring film role .
Tod eines Schülers ( A student 's death ) is a German television series directed by Claus Peter Witt , based on a script by Robert Stromberger .
Loosely based on the book A Grande Arte by Brazilian Rubem Fonseca , it is one of the first theatrical works of Salles Jr. The cast includes both Brazilian and international stars such as Coyote , Tchéky Karyo and Miguel Angel Fuentes .
Triumph of the Ten Gladiators ( Italian : Il trionfo dei dieci gladiatori , Spanish : El triunfo de los diez gladiadores , French : Le triomphe des dix mercenaires ) is a 1964 Italian - Spanish - French peplum film written and directed by Nick Nostro and starring Dan Vadis .
The White Flower was a 1923 American silent romantic drama film written and directed by Julia Crawford Ivers and starring Betty Compson and Edmund Lowe .
Der schönste Tag meines Lebens is a 1957 Austrian family drama film directed by Max Neufeld .
Padatha Painkili ( Malayalam : പാടാത്ത പൈങ്കിളി , English : The Mute Nightingale ) is a 1957 Malayalam social drama film based on the novel of the same name by Muttathu Varkey and directed by P. Subramaniam from a screenplay by Varkey .
Successive Slidings of Pleasure ( French : Glissements progressifs du plaisir ) is a 1974 French fantasy film directed by Alain Robbe - Grillet .
The October Man is a 1947 mystery film / film noir starring John Mills and Joan Greenwood , written by novelist Eric Ambler , who also produced .
Obselidia is a 2010 American drama film written and directed by Diane Bell , starring Michael Piccirilli , Gaynor Howe and Frank Hoyt Taylor .
The Sicilian Checkmate ( Italian : La violenza : quinto potere ) is a 1972 Italian crime - drama film directed by Florestano Vancini .
Sista leken ( Finnish : Viimeinen kesä ) is a 1984 Finnish - Swedish drama film directed by Jon Lindström .
Bets and Wedding Dresses ( Italian : Tris di donne e abiti nuziali ) is a 2009 Italian drama film written and directed by Vincenzo Terracciano .
My Mother Likes Women ( Spanish : A mi madre le gustan las mujeres ) is a 2002 Spanish comedy film directed by Inés París and Daniela Fejerman .
The Remarkable Andrew is a 1944 film directed by Stuart Heisler and written by Dalton Trumbo , based on his 1941 novel of the same name .
I Come with the Rain is a 2009 neo - noir atmospheric thriller written and directed by Vietnamese - born French director Tran Anh Hung , starring American actor Josh Hartnett .
The Stink of Flesh is a 2005 black comedy and sexploitation film directed by Scott Phillips , which depicts a band of survivors in a zombie wasteland .
Rebels of the Neon God ( Mandarin : 青少年哪吒 Qingshaonian Nezha , literally Teenage Nezha ) is a 1992 Taiwanese film by Tsai Ming - liang .
Chennaiyil Oru Naal ( English : A day in Chennai ) is a 2013 Tamil thriller film written by brothers Bobby and Sanjay and directed by Shahid Khader .
Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa ( Hindi : कभी हाँ कभी ना , English : Sometimes yes , sometimes no ) is a 1994 Bollywood comedy film directed by Kundan Shah , and starring Shah Rukh Khan , Suchitra Krishnamurthy , and Deepak Tijori .
Little Orbit the Astrodog and the Screechers from Outer Space ( French : Pluk , naufragé de l'espace ) is a 1979 French animated science fiction film directed by Jean Image .
Uccidete il vitello grasso e arrostitelo ( internationally released as Kill the Fatted Calf and Roast It ) is a 1970 Italian film directed by Salvatore Samperi .
Basic Instinct is a 1992 erotic thriller film directed by Paul Verhoeven and written by Joe Eszterhas , and starring Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone .
Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti ( also known as Fiasco in Milan or Hold - up à la milanaise ) is a 1959 Italian comedy crime film directed by Nanni Loy .
Les Trois Frères , le retour ( English : The Three Brothers are back ) is a 2014 French film written , directed by and starring Didier Bourdon and Bernard Campan alongside their Les Inconnus partner Pascal Légitimus .
Don Jon is a 2013 American romantic comedy - drama film written and directed by Joseph Gordon - Levitt .
Wandering Papas is a 1926 American comedy film starring Clyde Cook , featuring Oliver Hardy , and directed by Stan Laurel .
Infinitas ( Russian : Бесконечность , translit . Beskonechnost ) is a 1992 Russian drama film directed by Marlen Khutsiev .
Il caso Pisciotta ( The Pisciotta Case ) is a 1972 Italian historical drama film written and directed by Eriprando Visconti .
Blaumilch Canal ( international release title : The Big Dig ) is a 1969 Israeli comedy satire written and directed by Ephraim Kishon , depicting the madness of bureaucracy through a municipality 's reaction to the actions of a lunatic .
Les Soeurs Soleil is a 1997 French comedy film directed by Jeannot Szwarc , starring and co - written by Marie - Anne Chazel .
Sia , le rêve du python ( English title : Sia , The Dream of the Python ) is a 2001 film by Burkina Faso - based filmmaker Dani Kouyaté .
Rear Window is a 1954 American mystery thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and written by John Michael Hayes based on Cornell Woolrich 's 1942 short story `` It Had to Be Murder '' .
El otro ( English : The Other ) is a 2007 Argentine , French , and German drama film , written and directed by Ariel Rotter , his second feature .
Twenty Days Without War ( Russian : Двадцать дней без войны , Dvadtsat dney bez Voyny ) is a 1976 Soviet film based on a story by Konstantin Simonov , directed by Aleksey German and starring Yuri Nikulin and Lyudmila Gurchenko .
Appunti per un film sull'India is a 1968 short documentary film by Pier Paolo Pasolini where he visits India to do a recces for his proposed film with India as its background about a king who gives up his body to feed a starving tiger .
Doin' Time on Planet Earth is a 1988 American comedy film directed by Charles Matthau and written by Darren Star .
Deadly Inheritance ( Italian : Omicidio per vocazione , also known as The Killer Has Clean Hands and L'assassino ha le mani pulite ) is a 1968 Italian giallo film directed by Vittorio Sindoni .
School Daze is a 1988 American musical comedy drama film , written and directed by Spike Lee , and starring Larry Fishburne , Giancarlo Esposito , and Tisha Campbell - Martin .
Napoleon and Me ( Italian : N ( Io e Napoleone ) , French : Napoléon ( et moi ) , Spanish : N. Napeleón y yo ) is a 2006 Italian - French - Spanish historical comedy - drama directed by Paolo Virzì .
Sogni mostruosamente proibiti ( Monstrously Prohibited Dreams ) is a 1982 Italian comedy film directed by Neri Parenti .
The Tunnel of Love is a 1958 romantic comedy film based on the Broadway hit by Peter De Vries and Joseph Fields .
Pippi on the Run ( original title : På rymmen med Pippi Långstrump ) is a 1970 Swedish movie , based on the eponymous children 's books by Astrid Lindgren with the cast of the 1969 TV series Pippi Longstocking .
Office Space is a 1999 American workplace black comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge .
Another Man , Another Chance ( Un autre homme , une autre chance , UK title : Another Man , Another Woman ) is a 1977 French film directed by Claude Lelouch .
Mabel 's Married Life ( 1914 ) is an American comedy silent film made by Keystone Studios starring and co - written by Charles Chaplin and Mabel Normand , and directed by Chaplin .
Two Moon Junction is a 1988 American English language erotic thriller and romance film written and directed by Zalman King , starring Sherilyn Fenn and Richard Tyson .
Comme un aimant ( released in the USA as The Magnet ) is a 2000 French film by Kamel Saleh and Akhenaton .
Ricardo , Miriam y Fidel is the first feature length documentary of the Swiss director Christian Frei .
O katergaris ( Greek : Ο κατεργάρης , `` the Rascal '' ) is a 1971 Greek film directed and written by Giannis Dalianidis and starring Chronis Exarhakos , Nora Valsami , Giannis Mihalopoulos , Spyros Kalogirou and Katerina Gioulaki .
Die Sünderin ( The Sinner ) is a German film by the director Willi Forst produced in 1950 .
L'Inferno is a 1911 Italian silent film , loosely adapted from Dante Alighieri 's The Divine Comedy .
Casque d'Or ( `` Golden Helmet '' ) is a 1952 French film directed by Jacques Becker .
Mumbai Xpress is a 2005 Hindi - language comedy film directed by Singeetam Srinivasa Rao , starring Kamal Haasan , Manisha Koirala , Om Puri , Vijay Raaz , Ramesh Aravind and Sharat Saxena .
The Quicksands is a 1914 American short drama film directed by Christy Cabanne .
Five Boys from Barska Street ( Polish : Piątka z ulicy Barskiej ) is a 1954 Polish drama film directed by Aleksander Ford .
The Goose of Sedan ( German : Die Gans von Sedan ) is a 1959 French - West German comedy war film directed by Helmut Käutner and starring Hardy Krüger , Jean Richard and Dany Carrel .
Bitter Moon is a 1992 Franco - British - American erotic romantic thriller film directed by Roman Polanski and starring Hugh Grant , Kristin Scott Thomas , Emmanuelle Seigner and Peter Coyote .
Double Xposure is a 2012 Chinese psychological thriller film directed by Li Yu starring Fan Bingbing and Feng Shaofeng .
Crimen Ferpecto , released in the United States as The Perfect Crime , is a 2004 Spanish black comedy film co - written , produced and directed by Álex de la Iglesia .
`` Ninety Years Without Slumbering '' was a drastic reworking of an original script by George Clayton Johnson , `` Tick of Time . ''
Finally the Happiness ( Finalmente la felicità ) is a 2011 film directed by and starring Leonardo Pieraccioni .
The File on Thelma Jordon is a 1950 film noir directed by Robert Siodmak from a screenplay by Ketti Frings .
The Ten is a 2007 American comedy film , directed by David Wain and cowritten by Wain and Ken Marino , released through ThinkFilm .
Sobibór , October 14 , 1943 , 4 p.m. ( French : Sobibór , 14 octobre 1943 , 16 heures ) is a 2001 French documentary film directed by Claude Lanzmann .
Machine Gun McCain ( Italian : Gli intoccabili ) is a 1969 Italian crime film directed by Giuliano Montaldo .
Sundance and the Kid is the American release title of Vivi o , preferibilmente , morti , a 1969 Spaghetti Western comedy directed by Duccio Tessari and starring Giuliano Gemma , Nino Benvenuti , and Sydne Rome .
Wrong Turn is a 2003 American horror film directed by Rob Schmidt and written by Alan B. McElroy .
Due pezzi di pane , internationally released as Happy Hobos , is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Sergio Citti .
Fun in the Barracks ( French : Les Gaîtés de l'escadron or Les Gaietés de l'escadron ) is a 1932 French comedy film directed by Maurice Tourneur and starring Raimu , Jean Gabin and Fernandel .
I 've Loved You So Long ( French : Il y a longtemps que je t'aime ) is a 2008 French - language drama film written and directed by Philippe Claudel .
Who Can Kill a Child ? ( Spanish title : ¿ Quién puede matar a un niño ? and also released as Island of the Damned ) is a 1976 Spanish horror film directed by Narciso Ibáñez Serrador .
Big House , U.S.A. is a 1955 American crime film directed by Howard W. Koch and written by John C. Higgins .
Quando Eu Era Vivo ( English : When I Was Alive ) is a 2014 Brazilian drama - thriller film directed by Marco Dutra , based on the novel A Arte de Produzir Efeito Sem Causa by Lourenço Mutarelli .
Raavanan ( English : Ravana ) is a 2010 Indian Tamil thriller film co written , co produced , and directed by Mani Ratnam .
Mr. Fifteen Balls ( Italian : Il signor Quindicipalle ) is a 1998 Italian comedy film directed by Francesco Nuti .
The Year of Living Dangerously is a 1982 Australian romantic war drama film directed by Peter Weir and co - written by Weir and David Williamson adapted from Christopher Koch 's 1978 novel of the same name .
La otra alcoba ( English : The other bedroom ) is a 1976 Spanish film written and directed by Eloy de la Iglesia .
Bluff - storia di truffe e di imbroglioni ( internationally released as The Con Artists , Bluff , High Rollers , The Switch , and The Con Man ) is a 1976 Italian crime - comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Toute une nuit ( also known as A Whole Night and All Night Long ) is a 1982 Belgian - French drama film written and directed by Chantal Akerman .
Sin - Jin Smyth is an unreleased horror film written and directed by Ethan Dettenmaier , based on an old legend inspired by the Kansas Stull Cemetery .
The German Doctor ( Spanish : Wakolda ) is a 2013 Argentine historical drama film directed , produced and written by Lucía Puenzo .
Darkman is a 1990 American superhero action film directed and co - written by Sam Raimi .
3 Needles is a 2005 Canadian drama film directed by Thom Fitzgerald .
Le Destin fabuleux de Désirée Clary ( Mlle . Desiree ) is a French film released in September 1942 , black and white , written and directed by Sacha Guitry .
`` The Art of the Sucker Punch '' was written using `` retroscripting , '' where each cast member completely improvised their lines , though certain script material was provided by co - creator and episode director Loren Bouchard .
Galaxy Quest is a 1999 American science fiction comedy film directed by Dean Parisot and written by David Howard and Robert Gordon .
That Man in Istanbul ( Spanish : Estambul 65 , Italian : Colpo grosso a Galata Bridge , French : L'Homme d'Istamboul ) is a 1965 English - language European international co - production adventure film directed by Antonio Isasi - Isasmendi and starring Horst Buchholz .
Concerning Violence is a 2014 documentary film written and directed by Göran Olsson .
La donna delle meraviglie ( Women of wonder in English ) is a 1985 Italian film directed by Alberto Bevilacqua and based on a novel with the same name by him .
Il pentito ( internationally released as The Repenter and The Squealer ) is a 1985 Italian crime - drama film directed by Pasquale Squitieri .
The film has a sequel , Rimini Rimini - Un anno dopo , directed by Bruno Corbucci and released in 1988 .
Un flic ( English : A Cop , also known as Dirty Money ) is a 1972 French film , the last directed by Jean - Pierre Melville .
High Crime ( Italian : La polizia incrimina la legge assolve ) is a 1973 Italian - Spanish poliziottesco film directed by Enzo G. Castellari .
Fun Bar Karaoke ( Thai : ฝันบ้าคาราโอเกะ or Fan ba karaoke , literally `` dream crazy karaoke '' ) is a 1997 crime - comedy directed by Pen - Ek Ratanaruang .
The Yes Man ( Italian : Il portaborse ) is a 1991 Italian drama film directed by Daniele Luchetti .
4:44 Last Day on Earth is a 2011 American apocalyptic drama written and directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Willem Dafoe , Shanyn Leigh , Natasha Lyonne and Paul Hipp .
When he was sent Michael McDowell 's original script for Beetlejuice , Burton agreed to direct , although Larry Wilson and later Warren Skaaren were hired to rewrite it .
Margot at the Wedding is a 2007 tragicomedy written and directed by Noah Baumbach .
Lady in the Water is a 2006 American fantasy thriller film written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan and starring Paul Giamatti and Bryce Dallas Howard .
The Surrender of Tournavos ( French : La Prise de Tournavos ) , also known as La Prise de Tournavos par les Troupes du Sultan , is an 1897 short silent film directed by Georges Méliès .
Paisan ( Italian : Paisà ) is a 1946 Italian neorealist war drama film directed by Roberto Rossellini , the second of a trilogy by Rossellini .
The Lady in the Van is a 2015 British comedy - drama film directed by Nicholas Hytner , written by Alan Bennett , and starring Maggie Smith and Alex Jennings .
The Bribe is a 1949 American crime film noir directed by Robert Z. Leonard and written by Marguerite Roberts , based on a story written by Frederick Nebel .
The Day the Clown Cried is an unreleased 1972 American drama film directed by and starring Jerry Lewis .
My Love and I ( Swedish : Kungsleden ) is a 1964 Swedish thriller film directed by Gunnar Höglund .
Let the Devil Wear Black is a 1999 film directed by Stacy Title , co - written by Title and her husband , actor Jonathan Penner .
The Last of Robin Hood is a 2013 American independent biographical drama film about actor Errol Flynn which is directed and written by Richard Glatzer and Wash West .
Sex and Lucia ( Spanish : Lucía y el sexo ) is a 2001 Spanish drama film written and directed by Julio Médem , and starring Paz Vega and Tristán Ulloa .
Two Cars , One Night is a short film , 11 minutes in length , written and directed by Taika Waititi .
Journey to the Sun ( Turkish : Güneşe Yolculuk ) is a 1999 Turkish drama film written and directed by Yeşim Ustaoğlu .
`` We Just Decided To '' was written by creator Aaron Sorkin and directed by Greg Mottola .
The Mother of Tears ( Italian : La Terza madre , literally The Third Mother ) is a 2007 Italian - American supernatural horror film written and directed by Dario Argento .
Lipsett Diaries ( French : Les journaux de Lipsett ) is a 2010 short animated documentary about the life and art of collage filmmaker Arthur Lipsett , animated and directed by Theodore Ushev and written by Chris Robinson .
The Carabineers ( French : Les Carabiniers ) ( 1963 ) was the fifth narrative feature film by French filmmaker Jean - Luc Godard .
Kavalan Avan Kovalan ( Tamil : காவலன் அவன் கோவலன் ) is a 1987 Indian Tamil film , directed by Visu , starring Prabhu , Rekha and Madhuri in lead roles .
Dancer in the Dark ( Danish : Danser i mørket ) is a 2000 Danish musical drama film directed by Lars von Trier and starring Icelandic singer Björk , Catherine Deneuve , David Morse , Cara Seymour , Peter Stormare , Siobhan Fallon Hogan , and Joel Grey .
Men in the City ( German : ' ' Männerherzen '' ; `` Men 's Hearts '' ) is a 2009 German comedy film directed by Simon Verhoeven with Christian Ulmen , Nadja Uhl and Wotan Wilke Möhring .
The Empty Canvas ( 1963 ) is an Italian drama film directed by Damiano Damiani .
Quelle drôle de gosse ! ( aka : Mad Girl ) is a 1935 French comedy drama film directed by Léo Joannon and written by Yves Mirande .
The Long Kiss Goodnight is a 1996 action film directed and produced by Renny Harlin , written and produced by Shane Black and starring Geena Davis and Samuel L. Jackson .
Un'estate ai Caraibi is a 2009 Italian comedy film directed by Carlo Vanzina .
The Car is a 1977 American thriller film directed by Elliot Silverstein and written by Michael Butler , Dennis Shryack and Lane Slate .
B. Monkey is a British - American 1998 crime drama film directed by Michael Radford .
The Adventures of Picasso ( Swedish : Picassos äventyr ) is a 1978 Swedish comedy film directed by Tage Danielsson , starring Gösta Ekman , as the famous painter .
La Vispa Teresa ( English : Lively Teresa ) is a 1939 Italian , black and white short film directed by Roberto Rossellini .
A Married Woman ( French : Une femme mariée ) is a 1964 French drama film directed by Jean - Luc Godard , his eighth feature film .
Sound of My Voice is a 2011 American psychological thriller directed by Zal Batmanglij and starring Christopher Denham , Nicole Vicius and Brit Marling .
Thanks for Sharing is a 2012 American comedy - drama film directed by Stuart Blumberg , from a screenplay written by Blumberg and Matt Winston .
The Girl from Monaco ( original title : La Fille de Monaco ) is a 2008 French comedy - drama film directed by Anne Fontaine .
Supervixens is a 1975 sexploitation film by American filmmaker Russ Meyer .
Case for a Rookie Hangman ( Czech : Případ pro začínajícího kata ) is a Czech drama film directed by Pavel Juráček .
Almanac of Fall ( Hungarian : Öszi almanach ) is a 1984 Hungarian film directed by Béla Tarr .
Flying Dagger is a 1993 wuxia comedy film directed by Chu Yen - ping and written and produced by Wong Jing .
I Want to Live ! is a 1958 film noir written by Nelson Gidding and Don Mankiewicz , produced by Walter Wanger , and directed by Robert Wise , which tells the story of a woman , Barbara Graham , a habitual criminal convicted of murder and facing execution .
A Few Best Men is a 2011 Australian - British comedy film written by Dean Craig and directed by Stephan Elliott .
Geostorm is an upcoming 2017 American science fiction action thriller film co - written , produced , and directed by Dean Devlin .
The Judgement House is a 1917 American drama silent film directed by J. Stuart Blackton and written by J. Stuart Blackton based upon the novel by Gilbert Parker .
`` Lost Hearts '' is a ghost story by M. R. James , found in his 1904 book Ghost Stories of an Antiquary .
Back to the Future Part II is a 1989 American science - fiction adventure comedy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Bob Gale .
The Mummy Returns is a 2001 American action adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers , starring Brendan Fraser , Rachel Weisz , John Hannah , Arnold Vosloo , Oded Fehr , Patricia Velásquez , and Dwayne `` The Rock '' Johnson .
Vikramarkudu is a 2006 Telugu action comedy film directed by S. S. Rajamouli , starring Ravi Teja and Anushka Shetty in the lead roles .
The Suite Life Movie is a 2011 comedy - drama science fiction film directed by Sean McNamara , written by Michael Saltzman , and starring Dylan and Cole Sprouse , Brenda Song , Debby Ryan , Matthew Timmons , John Ducey , Matthew Glave , and Phill Lewis .
Porno Holocaust is a 1981 Italian pornographic horror film directed by Joe D'Amato , and written by George Eastman .
Life Without Soul ( 1915 ) is a horror film , directed by Joseph W. Smiley and written by Jesse J. Goldburg .
Big Night is a 1996 American motion picture drama with comedic overtones directed by Campbell Scott and Stanley Tucci .
Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American action thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal .
Rimini Rimini is a 1987 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Sergio Corbucci .
Una mujer sin amor ( English : A Woman Without Love ) is a 1952 Mexican film directed by Spanish - born filmmaker Luis Buñuel .
Benny 's Bathtub ( Original title : Bennys badekar ) is a 1971 Danish animated film directed by Jannik Hastrup and Flemming Quist Møller .
A Cock and Bull Story ( marketed in Australia , New Zealand and the United States as Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story ) is a 2005 British comedy film directed by Michael Winterbottom .
Of Lost Love ( Italian : Del perduto amore ) is a 1998 Italian drama film directed by Michele Placido .
The Noah 's Ark Principle ( German : Das Arche Noah Prinzip ) is a 1984 West German science fiction film written and directed by Roland Emmerich as his thesis at the Hochschule für Fernsehen und Film München ( HFF ) .
Miracolo italiano ( also known as An Italian Miracle ) is a 1994 Italian anthology comedy film directed by Enrico Oldoini .
La professoressa di scienze naturali ( Professor of Natural Sciences ) is a 1976 commedia sexy all'italiana directed by Michele Massimo Tarantini .
Il malato immaginario ( internationally released as Hypochondriac ) is a 1979 Italian comedy film directed by Tonino Cervi .
Flame & Citron ( Danish : Flammen & Citronen ) is a 2008 Danish drama film co - written and directed by Ole Christian Madsen .
Theodor S. Geisel , who is better known by his pen name Dr. Seuss , co - authored Design for Death with his wife Helen Palmer Geisel .
Do the Right Thing is a 1989 American comedy - drama film produced , written , and directed by Spike Lee , who also played the part of Mookie in the film .
In the Fog ( Russian : В тумане ) is a 2012 drama film directed by Sergei Loznitsa .
Medium Cool is a 1969 American drama film written and directed by Haskell Wexler and starring Robert Forster , Verna Bloom , Peter Bonerz , Marianna Hill and Harold Blankenship .
Sex , Death and the Meaning of Life is a three - part television documentary presented by Richard Dawkins which explores what reason and science might offer in major events of human lives .
The Ghost Valley 's Treasure Mysteries ( in Persian : اسرار گنج درهٔ جنی , transliterated as Asrar - e Ganj - e Darre - ye Jenni ) , also known as `` The Secrets of the Treasure of the Jinn Valley '' , is a 1974 satirical comedy Iranian film , directed by Ebrahim Golestan .
Vivah ( English : Marriage ) is a 2006 Indian romance film , written and directed by Sooraj R. Barjatya .
Our Tropical Island ( Italian : Mari del sud ) is a 2001 Italian comedy film written and directed by Marcello Cesena and starring Diego Abatantuono and Victoria Abril .
When Life Departs ( original title : Når livet går sin vej ) is a 1997 animated short film directed by Stefan Fjeldmark and Karsten Kiilerich .
Le sorprese dell'amore ( `` Surprise of Love '' ) is a 1959 Italian romantic comedy film written and directed by Luigi Comencini .
Spasmo is a 1974 Italian horror giallo film directed by Umberto Lenzi .
Pratidwandi or Pratidandi ( literally Adversary , Opponent or Competitor in Bengali ; known internationally as The Adversary ) is a 1970 Indian Bengali drama film directed by Satyajit Ray based on the novel by Sunil Gangopadhyay .
`` The Friendly Skies '' was written by Miracles co - creator Richard Hatem and David Greenwalt , the co - creator of Angel , and was directed by Jesús Salvador Treviño , who had previously directed episodes of several drama series .
Holocaust 2000 is a 1977 British - Italian horror film directed by Alberto De Martino and starring Kirk Douglas .
A Woman Is a Woman ( French : Une femme est une femme ) is a 1961 French film directed by Jean - Luc Godard , featuring Anna Karina , Jean - Paul Belmondo and Jean - Claude Brialy .
The Big Heart of Girls ( Italian : Il cuore grande delle ragazze ) is a 2011 Italian drama film directed by Pupi Avati .
Cardiogram ( Kazakh : Кардиограмма , `` Kardiogramma '' ) is a 1995 Kazakhstani drama film written and directed by Darezhan Omirbaev .
Emanuelle and the White Slave Trade ( Italian : La via della prostituzione ) is an Italian sexploitation film from 1978 directed by Joe D'Amato as his last Black Emanuelle film .
Karuvelam Pookkal ( தமிழ்/Tamil : கருவேலம் பூக்கள் ) is an Indian Tamil film , directed by Poomani .
The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love is a 1995 film , written and directed by Maria Maggenti , of the story of two very different high school girls who fall in love .
Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania is a 1978 Italian comedy film directed by Luciano Salce and starring Paolo Villaggio .
An American Carol is a 2008 American comedy film directed by David Zucker and starring Kevin Farley .
Hilde Warren und der Tod ( Hilde Warren and Death ) is a German film from 1917 by Joe May ( director , born Joseph Otto Mandel ) and Fritz Lang ( screenplay ) .
Tell No One ( French : Ne le dis à personne ) is a 2006 French thriller film directed by Guillaume Canet and based on the novel of the same name by Harlan Coben .
Black Rainbow is a 1989 supernatural thriller film directed by Mike Hodges and filmed in Rock Hill , South Carolina .
Nowhere in Africa ( German : Nirgendwo in Afrika ) is a 2001 German film that was written and directed by Caroline Link .
The Color of Milk ( aka The Colour of Milk , Neither Naked nor Dressed , or Selma and Andy ) , original title Ikke naken , is a 2004 Norwegian family film by Torun Lian with Julia Krohn ( Selma ) , Ane Dahl Torp ( Nora ) , Gustaf Skarsgård ( Främlingen ) .
Rosewood Lane is a 2011 thriller - horror film written and directed by Victor Salva , and stars Rose McGowan .
Spencer 's Mountain is an American family drama film written , directed , and produced in 1963 by Delmer Daves from a novel by Earl Hamner , Jr. The film starred Henry Fonda , Maureen O'Hara and in early appearances , James MacArthur , Veronica Cartwright , and Victor French .
Die Another Day was written into a novel by the then - current official James Bond writer , Raymond Benson , based on the screenplay by Neal Purvis and Robert Wade .
The Olsen Gang Sees Red ( Danish : Olsen - banden ser rødt ) is a 1976 Danish comedy film directed by Erik Balling and starring Ove Sprogøe .
The Sign of the Ram is a 1948 American film noir directed by John Sturges and written by Charles Bennett , based on a novel written by Margaret Ferguson .
Robert Salerno ( male ) is an American film producer , best known for being a producer of the film 21 Grams with Alejandro González Iñárritu .
Olivia Spiker ( Polish : Oliwia Łuczak ; born November 24 , 1981 in Schwelm as Olivia Luczak ) is a Polish - German female amateur boxer .
Annemarie Renger attended the `` Augusta - Lyzeum '' in Berlin , an all female high school .
Betty Webb is one of a number of successors to authors such as Sue Grafton , Marcia Muller , Sara Paretsky and Liza Cody and their female private eye series .
Lyudmila Andonova ( Bulgarian : Людмила Андонова , née Zhecheva , born 6 May 1960 ) is a retired female high jumper from Bulgaria .
Yasser Portuondo ( born February 2 , 1983 ) is a male volleyball player from Cuba .
Ivana Matović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Ивана Матовић , born September 11 , 1983 ) is a former Serbian female basketball player .
Li Jianbo ( 李建波 ; born November 14 , 1986 in Qujing , Yunnan ) is a male Chinese race walker .
Wang Randi ( born 1991 - 05 - 31 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
John Nogrady ( d. May 21 , 2007 ) was an American male tennis player and coach who was active in the 1940s and 1950s and twice reached the final of the U.S. Pro Tennis Championships .
Russell Ong is a male Singaporean swimmer , who won bronze medal in 50 m freestyle swimming at the 2009 Southeast Asian Games and 2011 Southeast Asian Games .
Su Hui ( born 23 March 1982 in Xi'an , Shaanxi ) is a male Chinese rower , who will compete for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Aside from her work for women 's suffrage , Helena Hill was also one of America 's first female geologists , having studied at Vassar College and the Montana School of Mines .
Kahreel Meer Hongitan is a female Filipino recurve archer .
Petr Galis ( born 13 May 1965 ) is a former Czechoslovak and Czech male volleyball player .
Asma Chaudhry is a Pakistani female journalist and anchor .
Angelo Frigoni ( born 17 March 1954 in Brescia ) is an Italian male former volleyball coach .
Irina Ruslyakova ( Russian : Ирина Руслякова ) is a female badminton player from Russia .
Ahmed Kabary ( born 23 September 1984 ) is an Egyptian male volleyball player .
Specioza Kazibwe attended Mount Saint Mary 's College Namagunga , a prestigious all - female boarding high school affiliated with the Catholic Church , located on the Kampala - Jinja Highway , near the town of Lugazi .
Ayşegül Çoban ( born December 16 , 1992 ) is a Turkish female weightlifter competing in the -- 53 kg division .
Michaela Lanzl ( born 21 February 1983 in Starnberg , West Germany ) is a German female ice hockey .
Aurica Buia ( born February 16 , 1970 in Bratovoești , Dolj ) is a retired female long - distance runner from Romania , who specialized in the marathon race during her career .
Pere Estrany ( born 22 February 1989 ) is a male former water polo player from Catalonia , Spain .
Trpimir Kutle ( born February 2 , 1976 in Zagreb ) is a male freestyle swimmer from Croatia .
Zhang Fuxin ( Chinese : 張 阜新 ; born September 1 , 1961 ) is a retired male racewalker from PR China , who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics for his native country .
Toujan al - Faisal ( Arabic : توجان الفيصل‎ , Tujān al - Fayṣal ) ( born in 1948 ) is a human rights activist and a former TV journalist , who was Jordan 's first female member of parliament .
Ty Loomis ( born May 1 , 1979 in La Crosse , Wisconsin ) is a male beach volleyball player from the United States , who won the silver medal in the men 's beach team competition at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , partnering Hans Stolfus .
Iryna Khariv ( born 1988 ) is a female wrestler from Ukraine .
Ma Huanhuan ( born 13 January 1990 in Guangxi ) is a female Chinese professional water polo player who was part of the silver medal winning team at the 2007 World Junior Championship .
In 2013 , Ursula von der Leyen was appointed as Germany 's first female defence minister .
Yu - Chia Tseng ( Chinese : 曾郁嘉 , 1988- ) , a female young artist , was born in Taiwan .
Haley Moore ( born November 25 , 1998 ) is an American female amateur golfer .
Jin Fengling ( simplified Chinese : 金凤玲 ; traditional Chinese : 金鳳玲 ; pinyin : Jīn Fènglíng ; born 20 November 1982 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Shen Tianhui ( Chinese : 沈天慧 ; 27 April 1923 -- 2 January 2011 ) was a renowned female chemist and professor at Shanghai Jiao Tong University .
Born in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Lorraine Borg attended Southwest High School in Minneapolis and played sports in the local city league since the school had none for female athletes .
Alexei Dudchenko is a Russian male acrobatic gymnast medalled at five Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships .
Shawn Hawk Global ID 254476 sex male birthdate 1984 - 05 - 17 / age 28 suspensions report : manager / agent register division light heavyweight rating 51 / 898
Zhang Yimeng ( simplified Chinese : 张益萌 ; traditional Chinese : 張益萌 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yìméng ; born October 22 , 1983 in Meishan , Sichuan ) is a female Chinese field hockey player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Ingeborg Norell ( born 1727 ) , was the first Finnish female to have received an official decoration and to have been the subject of a commemorative plaque .
You Wenhui ( Chinese : 尤文慧 ; pinyin : Yóu Wénhuì ; born October 20 , 1979 in Shanghai ) is a female Chinese beach volleyball player who competed in the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Jürgen Fanghänel ( born August 1 , 1951 in Limbach - Oberfrohna , Saxony ) is a retired male boxer , who won the bronze medal for East Germany in the men 's heavyweight division ( 91 kg ) at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow .
Anissa Khelfaoui is an Algerian female fencer .
Janine Gordon , better known by her professional name Jah Jah or MC Jah Jah , is a white , female rapper , photographer and multimedia artist from Brooklyn , New York .
Cho Nam - suk ( born August 13 , 1981 ) is a male South Korean judoka .
Julia Berezikova ( Russian : Юлия Березикова , tr . Julija Berezikova ; born November 17 , 1983 ) is a Russian female mixed martial artist and boxer .
Zhou Xiuhua ( Chinese:周 秀華 , born 8 December 1966 ) is a female Chinese rower .
Joan ( Rocco ) Haines ( born September 26 , 1945 ) is a Canadian female bowler .
Cleopatra dropped Ptolemy 's name from official documents and her face alone appeared on coins , which went against Ptolemaic tradition of female rulers being subordinate to male co - rulers .
Boodikka is a tall , well - muscled humanoid alien female with pink skin and reddish black hair .
Tào Thế Lệ Thu , stage name Hồ Lệ Thu ( Hanoi , October 19 , 1973 ) is a female pop singer from northern Vietnam .
Xian Yi Fang ( born 20 August 1977 ) is a female Chinese - born table tennis player who has represented France since 2005 .
Chen Huijia ( born April 5 , 1990 in Wenzhou , Zhejiang ) is a female Chinese swimmer , who competed for Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Catherine Barclay ( born 12 June 1973 ) is an Australian professional female tennis player .
Fadime Suna ( born October 25 , 1986 in Eskişehir ) is a Turkish female middle distance and long distance runner .
Karine Shadoyan ( Armenian : Կարինե Շադոյան , born March 4 , 1975 ) is an Armenian Freestyle female wrestler .
In contemporary Israel , `` Boaz '' is commonly used as a male first name and carries no special political or social connotations .
Hugo Hernán Patiño García ( born September 13 , 1966 in Caicedonia -- died February 21 , 1995 in Manizales ) was a male road cyclist from Colombia , who was a professional from 1989 to 1995 .
Alcisthene or Alkisthene was a female painter spoken of by Pliny the Elder , who lists her among notable female painters , and mentions one of her pictures representing a dancer .
Yasemin Dalkılıç ( born 2 May 1979 ) is a Turkish female free diver .
Lin Chiung - ying ( Chinese : 林瓊鶯 , born November 2 , 1987 in Guangfu , Hualien , Taiwan ) is a Taiwanese female football player .
Charlotte de Berry ( born 1636 , England ) was a female pirate captain .
`` Penniless at the time of her death in 1909 , Lois Waisbrooker had spent over forty years promoting the twin ideas of assertive womanhood and female sexuality as a positive power . ''
Macarena Simari Birkner ( born November 22 , 1984 ) is a female skier from Argentina .
Noriko Anno ( 阿武 教子 , born May 23 , 1976 in Fukue , Yamaguchi ) is a female Japanese judoka who won the gold medal in the women 's -78 kg judo at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Liu Renwang ( Chinese : 劉仁旺 ; born July 22 , 1986 in Beijing ) , is a male Chinese judoka who will compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in the Extra lightweight ( under 60 kg ) event .
Dilara Burali ( born 27 March 2000 ) is a Turkish female water polo player , playing at the centre forward position .
Siham Hilali ( born 2 May 1986 , in Khouribga ) is a female middle distance runner Morocco who specializes in the 1500 metres .
Katāyoun ( Persian : کَتایون‎‎ ) is a female figure in Shāhnāme and Iranian mythology .
Zelal Baturay was discovered by Filiz Atay , the female manager of the women 's football team Diyarbakır Büyükşehir Belediyespor , as she was playing football with boys on the street in Diyarbakır .
Christine Rosemary Payne ( née Charters ; born 19 May 1933 ) is a British female discus thrower .
Xu Haiyan ( born 1984 - 11 - 24 in Zoucheng , Shandong ) is a female Chinese freestyle wrestler who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Ghulam Bibi Bharwana ( Urdu : غلام بی بی‎ ) ( born May 5 , 1977 , in Satiana , Jhang ) is a Pakistani female politician .
Teng Wei ( Chinese : 滕巍 ; pinyin : Téng Wēi ; born May 21 , 1974 in Changchun , Jilin ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics .
Henry was father of George Nicholas Hardinge and Henry Hardinge , 1st Viscount Hardinge ; while Richard ( 1756 - -1801 ) was created a baronet in 1801 , with remainder to the heirs male of his father , and was succeeded by the Rev. Charles Hardinge , eldest son of his brother Henry .
Claudia Dreher ( born 2 May 1971 in Magdeburg ) is a female long - distance runner from Germany .
From 2008 to 2010 , Ewa Strusińska held the position of Assistant Conductor with the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester - the first ever female assistant conductor of a British orchestra .
Elsa N'Guessan ( born 17 September 1984 in Poitiers , Vienne ) is a female freestyle swimmer from France , who competed for her native country at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens , Greece .
Johns summarizes Baba Yaga as `` a many - faceted figure , capable of inspiring researchers to see her as a Cloud , Moon , Death , Winter , Snake , Bird , Pelican or Earth Goddess , totemic matriarchal ancestress , female initiator , phallic mother , or archetypal image '' .
Chanatip Sonkham or Chanapa Sonkham ( Thai : ชนาธิป ซ้อนขำ ; rtgs : Chanathip Sonkham ; born 1 March 1991 ) is a female Thai taekwondo practitioner who was the bronze medalist at the 2012 Summer Olympics in the under 49 kg weight class .
Catharina Stopia ( floruit 2 April 1657 ) , was the first female diplomat in Sweden , and Sweden 's first ambassador to Russia during her tenure in the office 1632 - 1634 .
Inez Beverly Prosser , teacher and school administrator , is often regarded as the first African - American female to receive a Ph . D in psychology .
In Norse mythology , Sinmara is a female figure or jötunn , usually considered a consort to the fiery devil jötunn Surtr , the lord of Muspelheim .
Teng Haibin ( simplified Chinese : 滕海滨 ; traditional Chinese : 滕海濱 ; pinyin : Téng Hǎibīn ; born January 2 , 1985 in Beijing ) is a male Chinese gymnast .
Bai Yun ( simplified Chinese : 白云 ; traditional Chinese : 白雲 ; meaning : `` White Cloud '' ) ( born September 7 , 1991 ) is a female giant panda sheltered at the San Diego Zoo .
Ivan Teplykh ( born February 8 , 1985 in Pervouralsk ) is a male sprint athlete from Russia .
Georgia Blanche Douglas Camp Johnson , better known as Georgia Douglas Johnson ( September 10 , 1880 -- May 14 , 1966 ) , was an American poet , one of the earliest African - American female playwrights , and a member of the Harlem Renaissance .
In 1891 Fanny Baker Ames was appointed as the first female factory inspector in the state of Massachusetts , where she advocated such reforms as separate washrooms for men and women .
Elena Dukhanova ( born 10 September 1994 ) is a former female water polo goalkeeper from Uzbekistan .
Cao Zhongrong ( Chinese : 曹忠荣 , Cáo Zhōngróng ; born 3 November 1981 in Shanghai ) is a male Chinese modern pentathlete who competed in the 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics .
Nguyễn Bằng Kiều ( born 13 July 1973 in Hanoi ) , is a Vietnamese male pop singer .
Julio Ernesto Bernal González ( born April 16 , 1966 in Anolaima , Cundinamarca ) is a retired male road cyclist from Colombia , who was a professional rider from 1994 to 2002 .
Bernard Mitton ( born 9 November 1954 ) is a professional male tennis player in both singles and doubles from the Republic of South Africa .
Rocio Rivarola Trappe ( born July 20 , 1987 in Asunción ) is a female Paraguayan rower .
Lars Patrik Bodén ( born June 30 , 1967 in Fryksände , Värmland ) is a retired male Swedish javelin thrower .
Agnes Ozman ( 1870 - 1937 ) was a female student at Charles Fox Parham 's Bethel Bible School in Topeka , Kansas .
Zhang Penghui ( simplified Chinese : 张鹏辉 ; traditional Chinese : 張鵬輝 ; pinyin : Zhāng Pénghuī ; born January 9 , 1978 in Changzhou , Jiangsu ) is a male Chinese sports shooter .
Cong Xuedi ( simplified Chinese : 丛学娣 ; traditional Chinese : 叢學娣 ; pinyin : Cóng Xuédì ; born May 13 , 1963 in Shanghai ) is renowned female Chinese basketball player .
Natalie Caine ( 6 June 1909 -- 28 December 2008 ) was one of the first female woodwind players to establish themselves in leading British orchestras .
Vita Marissa ( born Jakarta , DKI Jakarta ; 4 January 1981 ) is a female badminton player from Indonesia .
Christoph Sahner ( born September 23 , 1963 in Illingen ) is a retired male hammer thrower , who represented West Germany during his career .
Hu Xianqiang ( born 1983 - 03 - 13 in Qingdao , Shandong ) is a male Chinese sports sailor who represented Team China at the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Vasil Shahnazaryan ( born 15 November 1992 ) is a male archer from Armenia .
Jesús Liranzo ( born 2 November 1995 ) is a male diver from Venezuela .
Julie Kitchen ( born April 19 , 1977 ) is a retired professional English female kickboxer , muay thai fighter and sports commentator .
A.S.K. M.E. are a female trio from Chicago Illinois .
Ashley Battersby is a female American professional freestyle skier originally from Chicago , IL who now resides in Park City , UT .
Kang Mee - sun or Kang Mi - sun ( born 27 March 1971 ) is a retired South Korean female volleyball player .
Michelle Feldman ( born April 19 , 1976 ) is a right - handed female professional ten - pin bowler and former member of the Professional Women 's Bowling Association ( PWBA ) .
Daniel Málek ( born May 25 , 1973 in Zlín ) is a retired male breaststroke swimmer from the Czech Republic , who won two bronze medals in the men 's breaststroke events at the 1997 European Championships in Seville , Spain .
Charlotte E. Ray ( January 13 , 1850 -- January 4 , 1911 ) was the first African - American female lawyer in the United States .
Valentin Dmitriyenko ( born 8 June 1951 ) is a retired male hammer thrower , who competed for the Soviet Union during his career .
Alan Gogayev ( Russian : Алан Гогаев ; born March 8 , 1990 in Digora ) is an Ossetian born - Russian male freestyle wrestler .
Urooj Mumtaz ( Sindhi : عروج ممتاز‎ ) ( born 1 October 1985 in Karachi ) is a female Pakistani cricketer and all - rounder .
Tang Liang ( simplified Chinese : 唐靓 ; traditional Chinese : 唐靚 ; pinyin : Táng Liàng ; born August 26 , 1985 in Harbin , Heilongjiang ) is a Chinese female ice hockey player .
Mary Jo Sanders ( born January 13 , 1974 , in Auburn Hills , Michigan ) is a female professional boxer .
In her article `` The Language of Nature in the Poetry of Mary Oliver '' , Diane S. Bond echoes that `` few feminists have wholeheartedly appreciated Oliver 's work , and though some critics have read her poems as revolutionary reconstructions of the female subject , others remain skeptical that identification with nature can empower women . ''
Marina Cvetanović ( born 14 February 1986 ) is a Slovenian female volleyball player , playing as a opposite .
Margherita Gargano ( born November 18 , 1952 in Bagheria , Province of Palermo ) is a former female middle distance runner from Italy .
Numerous noble Russian and Ruthenian families claim a male - line descent from Rurik , and via Anne of Kiev , wife of Henry I of France , Rurikid ancestry can also be argued for numerous Western European lineages .
Kajira is the term for female slave or `` slave - girl '' in John Norman 's Gor novels .
Tanja Hart ( born January 26 , 1974 in Marktheidenfeld ) is a retired female volleyball player from Germany , who made her debut for the German Women 's National Team in 1995 .
After a few auditions in 1991 , she replaced singer Keiko Terada within the all - female Japanese metal band Show - Ya , using her full name Steffanie Borges .
Camilla Wicks ( born August 9 , 1928 ) is an American violinist and one of the first female violinists to establish a major international career .
A - Love is a female Australian - based MC from Melbourne .
Farida Benlyazid ( born March 18 , 1948 , Tangier , Morocco ) is one of the few female Moroccan directors and screenwriters .
Yelena Svezhentseva ( née Burgiman ; born December 21 , 1968 ) is a retired female javelin thrower from Uzbekistan .
Man - houng Lin ( Chinese : 林滿紅 ) is a highly regarded economic historian , becoming the first woman president of the Academia Historica ( 國史館 ) , and one of the few female historians to boldly argue in public about Taiwan 's sovereignty and international status .
Xu Chen ( Chinese : 徐晨 ; pinyin : Xú Chén ; born November 29 , 1984 ) is a male badminton player from China .
Tomáš Cakl ( born April 25 , 1981 in Ledeč nad Sázavou ) is a professional male tennis player from the Czech Republic .
Tuğba Daşdemir Kocaağa ( born Tuğba Daşdemir on May 25 , 1985 ) is an Olympian Turkish female skier competing in the alpine disciplines .
Nada Haffadh was Bahrain 's first ever female cabinet minister when she was appointed Minister of Health in 2004 , serving in the position until September 2007 .
Dilşat Yıldız is a Turkish female curler .
Metrodora ( c. 200 - 400 CE ) was a Greek female physician and author of the oldest medical text known to have been written by a woman , On the Diseases and Cures of Women ( Περὶ τῶν Γυναικείων παθῶν τῆς μἠτρας ) .
Ella Negruzzi ( 1876 - 1948 ) , was a Romanian lawyer and women 's rights activist , and the first female lawyer in Romania ( 1913 ) .
Min Chunfeng ( Chinese : 闵春风 ; born 17 March 1969 ) is a retired female discus thrower from the People 's Republic of China .
Zhang Yining ( simplified Chinese : 张怡宁 ; traditional Chinese : 張怡寧 ; pinyin : Zhāng Yíníng ; born October 5 , 1981 in Beijing ) is a female former Chinese table tennis player .
Milena Rosner ( born 4 January 1980 ) is a female Polish volleyball player , a member of Poland women 's national volleyball team in 2000 - -2008 , a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008 , European Champion 2005 , Polish Champion ( 2006 , 2009 ) .
Kim Hyon - gyong is a female wrestler from North Korea .
Through her unceasing efforts to support both female and male artists in all disciplines , Marian MacDowell became a leading figure for the arts in the United States .
Tine Scheuer - Larsen ( born March 13 , 1966 in Ølstykke , Hovedstaden ) is a retired female tennis player from Denmark , who reached her highest individual ranking on September 29 , 1986 , when she became the number 34 of the world .
Abdelhakim Bagy ( born 31 March 1968 in Hichaoua , Morocco ) is a retired male long - distance runner from France who mainly competed in the marathon race during his career .
Mike Beres ( born May 13 , 1973 ) is a male badminton player from Canada , who won the bronze medal in the men 's doubles competition at the 1999 Pan American Games .
Princesa Sujei ( born June 25 , 1980 ) is a Mexican luchadora enmascarada , or masked female professional wrestler .
Kinga Maculewicz - De La Fuente ( born May 25 , 1978 ) is a former female French volleyball player , a member of France men 's national volleyball team in 1994 - -2011 .
Bony Bullrich is the only male descendant of the eldest son of Adolfo Bullrich , founder of the Bullrich house ( where today is the Patio Bullrich ) and mayor of Buenos Aires between 1898 and 1902 .
Claudette Ortiz ( born July 21 , 1981 ) is an American singer and model , most famous as the female in the R&B group City High .
Burcu Dolunay ( pronounced ( ˈbuɾdʒu ˈdolunaj ) ; born February 17 , 1984 in Izmir , Turkey ) is a Turkish female swimmer competing in the freestyle events .
Furthermore , Ruprecht von Eggenberg had mandated in his testament that only male , Catholic members of the family who had attained the rank of general or higher may be buried in his mausoleum .
François Rousseau is openly gay and his work portrays mainly gay themes , the male body , athleticism and spirituality .
Debbie Jacobs is a female African American singer born on November 10 , 1955 in Baltimore , Maryland who had several Disco hits .
Paweł Holszański ( Lithuanian : Povilas Alšėniškis ; ca . 1485 -- September 4 , 1555 , Vilnius ) was a notable Catholic church official and one of the last male scions of the once - mighty Lithuanian Olshanski princely family of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania .
Akivasha is a female character appearing in the fictional universe of Robert E. Howard 's Conan the Barbarian .
Kang Sung - hyung ( 강성형 ; born 7 May 1970 ) is a former South Korean male volleyball player .
Izeta Selimović ( born 27 March 1939 ) , known by her stage name Beba Selimović , is a Bosnian sevdalinka - folk singer and was one of the leading female singers of the 1960s and 1970s in Yugoslavia , along with Zehra Deović , Nada Mamula and Silvana Armenulić .
Lucilla Perrotta ( born June 3 , 1975 in Rome ) is a female professional beach volleyball player from Italy , who twice represented her native country at the Summer Olympics : 2000 and 2004 .
Josipa Lisac ( pronounced ( jɔ̌sipa lǐːsat͡s ) ; born 14 February 1950 ) is an eminent Croatian female singer .
He Zhuoqiang ( Chinese : 何灼强 ; born : 12 January 1967 ) is a male Chinese weightlifter .
Han Wenxia ( born August 23 , 1976 in Dalian , Liaoning ) is a female Chinese football player who competed for the national team in the 2008 Summer Olympics .
Hoda Saad ( Arabic هدى سعد ) ( Casablanca , Sidi Ôtmane November 22 , 1981 ) is a Moroccan female singer - songwriter .
Linda Clement ( born 13 March 1980 ) is a female field hockey forward and midfielder from Scotland .
Sophie Dodemont ( born August 30 , 1973 in Pont - Sainte - Maxence ) is a female archer from France .
Future hereditary Guardians were permitted in the Bahá'í scripture by appointment from one to the next , but a prerequisite that appointees be male descendants of Bahá'u'lláh left no suitable living candidates , and Shoghi Effendi died without making an appointment .
Natalia Valeeva is the top female archer in Italy .
Margarita Romanovna Kokovtseva , generally named in English sources as Olga Kokovtseva was a female soldier in an Imperial Russian Army cavalry unit during World War I. Wounded in combat and decorated for bravery , she appears to have been involved with establishing a hospital for injured servicemen .
As of June 2012 Endhita is five months pregnant and preparing for a role as a female police officer in Cintaku Di Saku Celana ( Love in My Pants Pocket ) .
May7ven won her 1st award at the NMVA ( Nigerian Music Video Award 2009 ) for Best Video in Europe being the 1st female to ever win in this category .
Texas Ruby ( June 4 , 1908 -- March 29 , 1963 ) , born Ruby Agnes Owens , was a pioneering country music female vocalist of the 1930s through the early 1960s .
Jade McSorley ( born 16 February 1988 ) is a British female model , most notable for placing third on the fifth series of Britain 's Next Top Model .
Sweet Honey in the Rock , the Washington DC - based African American female a cappella singing group , wrote and recorded a song called `` Fannie Lou Hamer . ''
After her death , a sermon entitled The Character and Death of Mrs. Hester Ann Rogers was published which presents Hester Rogers ' life as a role model for female Methodists .
Xu Yanlu ( Chinese : 许燕露 ) is a female Chinese football ( soccer ) player who plays as a midfielder .
He chose the name `` Pimpinela Escarlata '' ( `` The Scarlet Pimpernel '' ) and started to wrestle dressed more like a woman , complete with make - up while acting more effeminate towards his male competitors .
Arnarsaq is one of a few Inuit , and the only female Inuit of her time , to be mentioned in Danish history .
Abbas Dabbaghi ( Persian : عباس دباغی‎ , born on March 9 , 1987 in Sari ) is a male freestyle wrestler from Iran .
Kim Hyung - ju ( born March 14 , 1976 in South Korea ) is a male South Korean judoka who competed in the half - lightweight category .
Elena Murgoci - Florea ( May 20 , 1960 -- August 26 , 1999 ) was a female long - distance runner from Romania , who specialized in the marathon race .
Hatice Gizem Örge ( born April 26 , 1993 in Ankara , Turkey ) is a Turkish female volleyball player .
Anita Zapata , short for Paulina Ana María Zapata Portillo ( 1915 - 2010 ) daughter of General Emiliano Zapata , was a suffragist who fought for the vote for Mexican women and was the first female federal representative from the state of Morelos .
Hatı Çırpan ( formerly Satı Kadın , 1890 , Kazan , Ankara , Ankara Vilayet -- March 21 , 1956 , Ankara ) was one of the first female members of parliament in the Grand National Assembly of Turkey , elected in the 1935 general elections .
Nancy Coats - Ashley was the first female lawyer for Southwestern Bell Telephone Company in the five state area consisting of Texas , Missouri , Arkansas , Kansas and Oklahoma .
Laura Almaral Palafox ( born February 23 , 1960 in Guadalajara ) is a retired female beach volleyball player from Mexico , who won the bronze medal in the women 's beach team competition at the 1999 Pan American Games in Winnipeg , Canada , partnering Mayra Huerta .
Pan Xia ( born October 5 , 1981 in Zigong , Sichuan ) is a female Chinese softball player .
Ona Meseguer Flaque ( born 1988 ) is a Spanish female water polo player .
Antonio Selvaggio ( born 1 January 1958 in Palermo ) is a retired male long - distance runner from Italy .
The American Collegiate Hockey Association ( ACHA ) is a chartered non - profit corporation that is the national governing body of club or varsity college ice hockey in the United States .
Kevin McAllister ( born 8 November 1962 ) is a former association football player .
The 2011 Asian Beach Volleyball Championship was a beach volleyball event that was held from December 8 to 11 , 2011 in Haikou , China .
The 2004 Ordina Open was a tennis tournament played on grass courts in ' s - Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands that was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour and of Tier III of the 2003 WTA Tour .
The 2004 ITF Jounieh Open was a tennis tournament played on Clay courts .
The South Western Football League was an English association football league composed of clubs from Cornwall and the far western part of Devon .
Angélique Spincer ( born June 25 1984 in Orsay , France ) is a French team handball player .
Vassilis Mouratos ( alternate spellings : Vasileios , Vasilis ) ( Greek : Βασίλης Μουράτος ; born November 24 , 1997 ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
Leonard Schwartz ( 23 April 1913 -- unknown ) was an Australian amateur tennis player in the 1930s .
Guliskhan Nakhbayeva ( born 20 June 1991 ) is a chess player from Kazakhstan .
The World Football Elo Ratings is a ranking system for men 's national teams in association football published by the website eloratings.net .
The Rugby World Cup is a men 's rugby union tournament contested every four years between the top international teams .
The LEN Super Cup is an annual water polo match organized by LEN and contested by the reigning champions of the two main European club competitions , the Women 's LEN Champions ' Cup and the Women 's LEN Trophy .
Oxton Cricket Club is an amateur cricket club based at Townfield Lane , Oxton on the Wirral .
William Delme Thomas ( born 12 September 1942 in Bancyfelin near Carmarthen ) is a former rugby union player who became one of Wales ' best known rugby players in the 1960s and 70s .
The Reading Open was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played in Reading , Pennsylvania in the late 1940s and early 1950s .
Brandon Mashinter ( born September 20 , 1988 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey left wing currently playing within the Chicago Blackhawks organization of the NHL .
Kauniaisten Jäähalli is an ice hockey arena in the city of Kauniainen , Finland .
Pallokissat is a women 's association football club from Kuopio , Finland , playing in the Finnish women 's premier division Naisten Liiga .
Joe Louis vs. Max Schmeling refers to two separate fights between the two which are among boxing 's most talked about bouts .
Hugo Armando ( born on May 27 , 1978 in Miami , United States ) is an American former professional tour tennis player .
KS Gedania Danzig was an ethnically - Polish association football club that was part of German football competition in the inter - war period .
Raymond Lewis ( September 3 , 1952 - February 11 , 2001 ) was an American basketball and streetball player .
Erkka Westerlund ( born 30 March 1957 , Pernaja , Finland ) was the head coach of the Finnish national men 's ice hockey team .
Jalen Cannon ( born May 5 , 1993 ) is an American basketball player from Allentown , Pennsylvania playing in Mexico 's National Professional Basketball league .
Wests Rugby Union Club , or Wests , is an Australian rugby union club , based in Toowong that currently competes in the Queensland Premier Rugby competition .
Minas Gekos ( alternate spelling : Gkegos ) ( Greek : Μηνάς Γκέκος ; born November 7 , 1959 in Kurtuluş , Istanbul , Turkey ) is a Greek professional basketball coach and a retired professional basketball player .
Maurice Voron was a French rugby league footballer of the mid-20th century .
The 2016 UCI Track Cycling World Championships are the World Championships for track cycling in 2016 .
Belfius Mons - Hainaut is a Belgian professional basketball club that is based in Mons , Wallonia .
Eric Schiller ( born March 20 , 1955 in New York City ) is an American chess player , trainer , arbiter and one of the most prolific authors of books on chess in the 20th century .
Metz HB ( Metz Handball ) is the name of a French handball club from Metz , capital of Lorraine .
Darryl McDonald ( born 17 June 1964 ) is a retired American Australian basketball player who last played for the Melbourne Tigers in the National Basketball League .
The PGA EuroPro Tour is a men 's developmental professional golf tour .
Srikanth Kidambi is an Indian badminton player and currently the highest ranked Indian men 's player in the international circuit with a world ranking of 9 as of January 31 , 2016 .
Kwok Ka Ming MBE , JP ( Chinese : 郭家明 ; Jyutping : gwok3 gaa1 ming4 , born October 30 , 1949 ) is an association football expert from Hong Kong .
Alexander Dambaev ( born 16 June 1989 , Zabaykalsky Krai ) , is a Russian athlete who competes in compound archery .
The 1995 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan that was part of Tier I of the 1995 WTA Tour .
The Giuoco Piano ( Italian : `` Quiet Game '' ; pronounced ( dʒwɔːko ˈpjaːno ) ) is a chess opening beginning with the moves : 1 .
Waasland - Beveren is a Belgian association football club located in the municipality of Beveren , East Flanders .
Clément Poitrenaud ( born 20 May 1982 in Castres , Tarn ) is a French rugby union footballer .
The Polo Grounds was the name of three stadiums in Upper Manhattan , New York City , used mainly for professional baseball and American football from 1880 until 1963 .
The Indonesia national football team ( Indonesian : tim nasional sepak bola Indonesia ) represents Indonesia in competitive international association football .
AFL Europe is the regional governing body for Australian rules football in Europe .
The 1989 IIHF European Women Championships ( ice hockey ) was held April 4-April 9 , 1989 in West Germany , the first European Championship to be held .
The Continental Basketball Association ( CBA ) was a professional men 's basketball minor league in the United States .
The 2015 Swiss Open Gstaad presented by Visilab was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts .
Naoko Kijimuta ( Japanese : 雉子牟田 直子 Kijimuta Naoko , born March 26 , 1972 in Ebina , Kanagawa ) is a retired Japanese tennis player , winner of 3 professional tournaments in doubles and a representative of Japan in the Federation Cup .
Valeria Borza ( 1984 -- 19 December 2013 ) was a Romanian table tennis player .
Athanasios Michalopoulos ( Greek : Αθανάσιος Μιχαλόπουλος , born September 29 , 1973 ) is an Olympic beach volleyball player from Greece .
Jiří Bicek ( born December 3 , 1978 in Košice , Czechoslovakia ) is a Slovak ice hockey forward who currently plays for HC Košice in the Slovak Extraliga .
Michèle Gurdal ( born 30 November 1952 ) is a Belgian professional tennis player who was most prominent in the 1970s .
The Miami Sol was a professional women 's basketball team that was based in Miami , Florida and entered the Women 's National Basketball Association ( WNBA ) in 2000 .
Richard Birkett ( born 1 October 1979 in Roehampton ) is a former English rugby union player for London Wasps in the Aviva Premiership .
The Amílcar Cabral Cup was an international association football tournament for Western African nations .
Darya Kustova ( Belarusian : Дар'я Кустава ; Russian : Дарья Кустова ; born 29 May 1986 ) is a former professional Belarusian tennis player .
Pallavolo Sirio Perugia is an Italian volleyball club based in Perugia .
Thurles Racecourse is a horse racing venue in the town of Thurles , County Tipperary , Ireland which stages National Hunt racing .
Ti’i Paulo ( born 13 January 1983 ) is a rugby union player for the Clermont in the Top 14 competition .
Napa Valley Cricket Club is a cricket club in Napa Valley , that serves the expatriate cricket population of Napa County and beyond .
The 2007 Italian Figure Skating Championships ( Italian : Campionati Italiani Assoluti 2007 Pattinaggio Di Figura Su Ghiaccio ) were the Italian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
FC Zarya Leninsk - Kuznetsky ( Russian : ФК `` Заря '' Ленинск‑Кузнецкий ) is an association football team from Leninsk - Kuznetsky , Russia .
Jacobo Bolbochán ( 26 December 1906 -- 29 July 1984 ) was an Argentine chess master of Jewish origins .
Ajax Heroes , ( or officially Ajax København ) is a handball club based in northern Copenhagen , Denmark .
The 1993 Wimbledon Championships was a Grand Slam tennis tournament played on grass courts at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon in London in England .
Serge Lairle ( born Toulouse , 3 December 1956 ) is a French rugby union former footballer and a current coach .
The FINA World Water Polo Development Trophy is an international water polo tournament , organized by FINA .
The 2010 Canadian Figure Skating Championships were the Canadian Figure Skating Championships for the 2009 - -10 figure skating season .
Oliver Roggisch ( born August 25 , 1978 in Villingen - Schwenningen ) is a retired German team handball player who played for Rhein - Neckar Löwen . He has joined the coaching staff at his club as well as on the national team .
The 1988 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Filderstadt Tennis Centre in Filderstadt in West Germany and was part of Tier III of the 1988 WTA Tour .
Luke Tomlinson is a professional polo player and former captain of the England polo team , with a handicap of seven goals in Britain and eight in Argentina .
Mickaël Gelabale ( born May 22 , 1983 ) is a French professional basketball player who plays for Le Mans Sarthe of the LNB Pro A. He also represents the France national basketball team internationally .
Pekka Arbelius ( born June 26 , 1960 in Oulu ) is a Finnish retired ice hockey player .
Kanari Hamaguchi ( 濱口華菜里 Hamaguchi Kanari , born August 29 , 1985 ) is a Japanese volleyball player who plays for Toray Arrows .
Thibaut Privat ( born 4 February 1979 in Nîmes , France ) is a French international rugby union player .
Aisling Blake , ( born July 23 , 1981 in Dublin ) is a professional squash player who represented Ireland .
Gyula Sax ( 18 June 1951 -- 25 January 2014 ) was a Hungarian chess grandmaster and International Arbiter ( 1995 ) .
Christoph Bieler ( born 28 October 1977 in Hall in Tirol ) is an Austrian athlete competing in Nordic combined who has competed since 1996 .
Reo Wilde ( born October 6 , 1973 , in Pocatello , Idaho ) is an American athlete , who competes in compound archery .
The Trenton Titans were a professional minor league ice hockey team that played in the ECHL .
The Trans - Tasman Champions League is an ice hockey tournament between the Australian Ice Hockey League and the New Zealand Ice Hockey League .
Sinoti Sinoti ( born 9 September 1985 ) is a Samoan international rugby union winger .
The Supercopa Argentina ( English : Argentine Super Cup ) is an official National association football cup of Argentina organized by the Argentine Football Association ( AFA ) .
Carlos Rosa Mayi ( born September 21 , 1984 in San Francisco de Macoris , Dominican Republic ) is a professional baseball pitcher who currently plays for the Chiba Lotte Marines in Nippon Professional Baseball .
The Quebec University Football League was the Canadian football conference for Quebec universities who participate in CIS football until the completion of the 2010 football season .
Salisbury Racecourse is a flat racecourse in the United Kingdom featuring thoroughbred horse racing , 3 miles ( 5 km ) southwest of Salisbury , Wiltshire , England .
The 1998 Hall of Fame Tennis Championships ( also known as 1998 Miller Lite Hall of Fame Championships for sponsorship reasons ) was a tennis tournament played on grass courts at the International Tennis Hall of Fame in Newport , Rhode Island in the United States and was part of the World Series of the 1998 ATP Tour .
Florian Keller ( born October 3 , 1981 in Berlin ) is a field hockey player from Germany and the brother of Natascha Keller .
The Canadian Independent Junior Hockey League ( CIJHL ) was a Canadian independent Junior A ice hockey league based in Lower Mainland of British Columbia .
Pałac Bydgoszcz is a Polish women 's volleyball club , based in Bydgoszcz .
The Euro Hockey Challenge is a competition consisting of the 12 best European ice hockey teams .
Francois Ratier ( b. April 12 , 1972 ) is a French rugby union and Canadian coach .
The Nelson Mandela Invitational was a charity golf tournament conceptualised by Marc Player , CEO of Black Knight International , which took place annually in South Africa from 2000 until 2006 .
Kenneth Carlsen ( born 17 April 1973 ) is a Danish former professional tennis player , who was active between 1992 and 2007 .
The 2007 Norwegian Figure Skating Championships were the Norwegian Figure Skating Championships of the 2006 - 2007 figure skating season .
The Jamestown Expos were a minor league baseball franchise located in Jamestown , New York .
The 2011 Hong Kong Super Series was a top level badminton competition contested from November 15 , 2011 to November 20 , 2011 in Hong Kong .
Zepler doubling is a manoeuvre in chess in which a piece moves along a certain line ( rank , file or diagonal ) , then another friendly piece moves onto that same line , then the first piece moves again in the same direction as before .
Orna Ostfeld ( Hebrew : אורנה אוסטפלד‎ ; born December 23 , 1952 ) is an Israeli former basketball player and current basketball coach .
Bozhidar Avramov ( born March 8 , 1990 ) is a Bulgarian professional basketball player .
HC Danubius Galați , formerly known as Oțelul , is a women 's handball club from Galaţi , Romania , that plays in the Romanian Women 's Handball League .
Jaroslav Šajtar ( December 3 , 1921 -- February 4 , 2003 ) was a Czech chess master and an honorary grandmaster , born in Ostrava .
Alessandro Salvio ( c. 1570 -- c. 1640 ) was an Italian chess player who is considered to be the unofficial world champion around the year 1600 .
The Oceania Football Confederation ( OFC ) is one of the six continental confederations of international association football , consisting of New Zealand , Tonga , Fiji , and other Pacific Island countries .
Claire Nitch ( born 7 August 1971 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) is a squash player from South Africa .
Laurent Capet ( born 5 May 1972 in Dieppe , Seine - Maritime ) is a French volleyball player , who won the bronze medal with the Men 's National Team at the 2002 World Championships in Argentina .
The 1990 Thomas & Uber Cup was the 16th tournament of the Thomas Cup , and the 13th tournament of the Uber Cup , which are the major international team competitions in world badminton .
Amadou Sissoko is a Central African professional basketball player who currently plays for AS Mazanga of the Central African Division I Basketball League .
The Chinese Chess Association ( CCA ) ( 中国国际象棋协会 ) is the governing body of chess in China and is one of the federations of FIDE .
Jérôme Cazalbou ( born April 30 , 1969 in Toulouse ) is a retired rugby union player in the Top 14 .
Bill Sweek ( born 1946/1947 ) is an American former basketball player and coach .
The 1912 PCHA season was the first season of the now defunct men 's professional ice hockey Pacific Coast Hockey Association league , which was founded on December 7 , 1911 .
Ömer Onan ( born February 4 , 1978 ) is a Turkish former professional basketball player and current team manager of Fenerbahçe of the Turkish Basketball League .
The Topeka Mudcats are a women 's professional American football team based in Topeka , Kansas , and a charter member of the Women 's Spring Football League .
The 1994 Scottish Challenge Cup Final , also known as the B&Q Cup Final for sponsorship reasons , was an association football match between Dundee and Airdrieonians on 6 November 1994 at McDiarmid Park in Perth .
The Huntsville Tigers is a women 's American football team located in Huntsville , Alabama .
Roger Kortko ( born February 1 , 1963 ) is a former professional ice hockey player who played 79 games in the National Hockey League .
Umbria Volley was an Italian volleyball club based in the Umbria Region .
Glen Fitzpatrick ( born 26 January 1981 in Dublin ) is a former Irish football player who currently manages Broadford Rovers in the Leinster Senior League ( association football ) .
The 2009 All - Ireland Minor Hurling Championship was the 79th staging of Ireland 's premier hurling knock - out competition for players in the under-18 age bracket .
Joseph Harry Guy Carbonneau ( born March 18 , 1960 ) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey player in the National Hockey League .
The Baltic Men Volleyball League , or League of Hundred is the top official competition for men 's volleyball clubs in the Baltic states .
Alexander Baljakin ( born 8 April 1961 ) is a Dutch draughts player born in the Russian city of Arkhangelsk .
Andy Ogide ( born October 1 , 1987 ) is an American - born Nigerian basketball player born in Tallahassee , Florida .
The 1976 Canada Cup was an international ice hockey tournament held September 2 - -15 , 1976 , in Ottawa , Toronto , Montreal , Winnipeg and Quebec City , Canada as well as in Philadelphia , United States .
The 2011 Women 's European Volleyball League was the third edition of the annual European Volleyball League , which featured Women 's national volleyball teams from twelve European countries :
Mayumi Pejo is a former US Olympian in taekwondo from Binghamton NY .
HK Gomel ( ХК Гомель ) is an ice hockey team in Gomel in Belarus .
The Sydney Spirit ( formerly the West Sydney Razorbacks ) were an Australian professional basketball team competing in the Australasian National Basketball League .
The Edmonton Mercurys ( `` Mercurys '' , `` Mercs '' ) were an intermediate senior - A ice hockey team that played in Edmonton , Alberta , Canada in 1940s and 50s .
Monica Nolan ( December 28 , 1913 in Cincinnati , Ohio -- December 18 , 1995 ) was an outstanding American tennis player in the 1930s and 1940s .
Jonas Randolph ( born c. 1990 ) is a former American football player who won the Harlon Hill Trophy in December 2011 .
Sean Hardman ( born 6 May 1977 in Brisbane , Australia ) is an Australian rugby union player who plays Hooker for the Queensland Reds in the international Super Rugby competition .
The 2009 Qatar Open , known as the 2009 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons , was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The 2011 BWF Super Series Masters Finals was a top level badminton competition which was held from December 14 to December 18 , 2011 in Liuzhou , China .
Zugzwang ( German for `` compulsion to move '' , pronounced ( ˈtsuːktsvaŋ ) ) is a situation found in chess and other games wherein one player is put at a disadvantage because they must make a move when they would prefer to pass and not move .
The 2013 Finnish Cup ( Finnish : Suomen Cup ) is the 59th season of the main annual association football cup competition in Finland .
Braden Gellenthien ( born 26 April 1986 in Boston ) , is an athlete from the United States who competes in compound archery .
Sascha Heyer ( born July 21 , 1972 in Zürich ) is a beach volleyball player from Switzerland , who won the silver medal in the men 's beach team competition at the 2005 Beach Volleyball World Championships in Berlin , Germany , with partner Paul Laciga .
Raheem Morris ( born September 3 , 1976 ) is an American football coach and former player who is currently an assistant head coach and defensive backs coach for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
Linn Siri Jensen ( born 18 January 1961 ) is a Norwegian team handball goalkeeper and coach .
Cobus Visagie ( born 31 October 1973 ) is a former South African rugby union footballer who played at tighthead prop .
Yevhen Pyeskov ( born 22 September 1981 in Zaporizhia , Ukraine ) is a professional Ukrainian association football midfielder who plays for Vorskla Poltava in the Ukrainian Premier League .
The WWC World Tag Team Championship is the tag team title contested for in the Puerto Rican professional wrestling promotion , the World Wrestling Council .
Victor Hănescu ( Romanian pronunciation : ( vikˈtor həneˈsku ) ; born 21 July 1981 ) is a Romanian tennis player .
Cathy Phillips ( born August 7 , 1960 in Burlington , Ontario ) was a Canadian ice hockey player .
The 2005 South African Figure Skating Championships were a figure skating national championship , part of an event held annually to determine the national champions of South Africa .
The Hockey East Association , also known as Hockey East , is a college ice hockey conference which operates mostly in New England .
The Delhi Daredevils ( often abbreviated as DD ) are a franchise cricket team representing the city of Delhi in the Indian Premier League .
The 2002 Croatia Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the ITC Stella Maris in Umag in Croatia and was part of the International Series of the 2002 ATP Tour .
Mahiedine Mekhissi - Benabbad ( born 15 March 1985 ) is a French middle - distance runner of Algerian origin who mainly competes in the 3000 metres steeplechase .
Georgina Póta ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈɡɛorɡinɒ ˈpoːtɒ ) ; born 13 January 1985 in Budapest ) is a multiple European Champion table tennis player from Hungary .
Margaret Curtis ( October 8 , 1883 -- December 24 , 1965 ) was an American golf and tennis champion and lifelong social worker .
St George FC , commonly called St George Saints or just Saints , is a semi - professional Australian association football club based in the St George district in the south of Sydney , New South Wales .
Andrew Leeds is an Australian former rugby union and professional rugby league footballer of the 1980s and ' 90s .
Jammit is a 1994 computer basketball game for the 3DO , MS - DOS , Sega Genesis and SNES .
Regev Fanan ( Hebrew : רגב פנאן‎ ; born 23 November 1981 ) is a former Israeli professional basketball player , who played most of his career with Maccabi Tel Aviv .
The Austrian Fencing Federation ( German : Österreichischer Fechtverband , ÖFV ) is the national organisation for fencing in Austria and as such is a member of the international governing body for amateur fencing , the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime .
Jorge Guerra , known as Guerrinha ( born 21 June 1959 ) is a Brazilian basketball coach and former basketball player .
The Romanian Fencing Federation ( Romanian : Federația Română de Scrimă ) is the governing body for the sport of fencing in Romania .
Marin Draganja ( born 13 May 1991 ) is a Croatian professional tennis player and competes mainly on the ATP World Tour in doubles .
Braehead Clan are a Scottish professional ice hockey team .
The Tiburones de La Guaira ( English : La Guaira Sharks ) are a baseball team in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League .
McKenzie Corey Dickerson ( born May 22 , 1989 ) is an American professional baseball left fielder for the Tampa Bay Rays of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
K.S. Błękitni Stargard Szczeciński is a Polish association football team from Stargard Szczeciński .
The Central Hockey League ( CHL ) was a North American mid - level minor professional ice hockey league which operated in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
The 2009 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida in the sport of American football during the 2009 college football season .
Miklós Szabados ( March 7 , 1912 -- February 12 , 1962 ) was a Hungarian and Australian table tennis champion .
Osvaldo Hernández Chambell ( born 11 Juyy 1970 in Camagüey ) is an Italian volleyball player originally from Cuba .
Adam Pengilly ( born October 14 , 1977 in Taunton , Somerset , England ) is a British skeleton racer who has competed since 2004 .
The Omega Dubai Desert Classic is an annual professional golf tournament which takes place in Dubai in the United Arab Emirates .
The Tour of Estonia is a road bicycle racing stage race held in Estonia .
' Marcello d'Orey ' de Araújo Dias ( born Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , 7 March 1976 ) is a Portuguese rugby union player .
Romain Guessagba - Sato - Lebel ( born March 2 , 1981 ) , generally known as Romain Sato , is a Central African professional basketball player who plays for Valencia Basket of the Liga ACB .
Agustín Pichot ( born 22 August 1974 in Buenos Aires ) is a retired Argentine rugby union player , formerly captain of the Argentine team and the English club Bristol .
Jillian Harmon ( born 3 March 1987 ) is a women 's basketball player who represented New Zealand and the Tall Ferns at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .
The Baltic football championship ( German : Baltische Fußball Meisterschaft ) was the highest association football competition in the Prussian provinces of East Prussia , Pomerania and West Prussia .
José Gildásio Pereira de Matos , commonly known by the nickname Gil Baiano ( born November 3 , 1966 ) , is a retired professional association football right back , who played for several Campeonato Brasileiro Série A clubs , and for the Brazilian national team .
The USWA Women 's Championship was a female - exclusive professional wrestling title in the American professional wrestling promotion , the United States Wrestling Association .
Zviad Izoria ( born 6 January 1984 in Georgia ) is a chess grandmaster .
Darío Sala ( born October 17 , 1974 ) is an Argentine association football administrator and former player .
Erika Araki ( 荒木絵里香 Araki Erika , born 3 August 1984 ) is a Japanese volleyball player .
Basket Club d'Orchies or just BC Orchies is a basketball club based in Orchies , France that plays in the LNB Pro B.
The Yugoslav Women 's Handball Championship was the premier championship for women 's handball clubs in SFR Yugoslavia .
Eddie Hughes ( born 26 May 1960 ) is a retired American professional basketball player who played three years in the NBA .
Mario Ančić ( Croatian pronunciation : ( mâːrio âːntʃitɕ ) ; born 30 March 1984 ) is a retired Croatian professional tennis player .
The 1983 Virginia Slims of Chicago was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the UIC Pavilion in Chicago , Illinois in the United States that was part of the 1983 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
The Bartercard Cup ( successor of the Lion Red Cup ) was the top level rugby league club competition in New Zealand from 2000 until 2007 .
Lutalo Muhammad ( born 3 June 1991 ) is a British taekwondo athlete .
The KeuPa HT are a semi - professional ice hockey team based in Keuruu , Finland .
The ITU Triathlon World Cup is an annual series of triathlon races staged around the world .
The Houston Buffaloes , Houston Buffalos , or Buffs were an American minor league baseball team , and were the first minor league team to be affiliated with a Major League franchise , which was the St. Louis Cardinals .
Isaac Spencer ( born December 8 , 1977 ) , is an American professional basketball player .
Gymnastics at the 2007 Pan American Games consisted of three separate sets of events -- artistic gymnastics , rhythmic gymnastics , and trampoline .
The Swiss Gymnastics Federation ( French : Fédération Suisse de Gymnastique ) is the governing body of gymnastics in Switzerland .
The 2013 BNP Paribas Masters was a professional tennis tournament that was played on indoor hard courts .
The 1979 NBA All - Star Game was an exhibition basketball game which was played on February 4 , 1979 , at the Pontiac Silverdome in the Detroit suburb of Pontiac , Michigan .
Milan Holeček ( born 23 October 1943 , in Pardubice , Czechoslovakia ) , is a former professional tennis player from Czechoslovakia , who retired in 1976 .
Csilla Bátorfi ( born March 3 , 1969 in Szombathely ) is a Hungarian table tennis player .
Zhao Ruirui ( Chinese : 赵蕊蕊 ; pinyin : Zhào Ruǐruǐ ; born 8 October 1981 in Nanjing , Jiangsu , China ) is a Chinese volleyball player who competed on the 2003 Volleyball World Cup winning side and made an initial appearance with the 2004 gold medal winning side before refracturing her right leg .
Jiang Xingquan , Liaoning province Xingcheng County , was born in 1940 , the Chinese professional basketball coach , who twice served as the Chinese national men 's basketball coach , he was elected to the new Chinese basketball 50 .
The 2013 Junior Club World Cup was the 3rd Junior Club World Cup , an annual international ice hockey tournament .
Irakli Kobalia ( born 13 March 1992 ) is a Georgian association football player , who is currently playing for FC Zugdidi in the Umaglesi Liga .
Rahshon Turner ( born on March 10 , 1975 ) is an American basketball player .
The Kootenay Ice are a major junior ice hockey team based in Cranbrook , British Columbia , and competing in the Western Hockey League ( WHL ) .
Roberto Íñiguez de Heredia , ( born 5 September 1967 in Vitoria - Gasteiz , Basque Country , Spain ) is a former Spanish basketball player and the current manager of Spar CityLift Girona .
The Biarritz Ladies Classic was a women 's professional golf tournament on the Ladies European Tour that took place in Biarritz , France .
Shaun Le Roux , ( born September 27 , 1986 in Cape Town ) is a professional squash player who represents South Africa .
The 2003 CAM Open Comunidad Valenciana was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Valencia in Spain and was part of the International Series of the 2003 ATP Tour .
Evan Cheverie ( born May 6 , 1980 in Charlottetown , Prince Edward Island ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward currently playing for Gander Flyers of the CWSHL
Nemanja Todorović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Немања Тодоровић , born 23 April 1991 ) is a Serbian professional basketball player who plays for Metalac Farmakom of the Serbian League .
Tanel Tein ( born January 10 , 1978 in Tartu , Estonia ) is an Estonian retired professional basketball player .
John Carlos Matanguihan Hermida Jr. better known as Borgie Hermida is a Filipino professional basketball player .
The 2006 Tuvalu A - Division was the sixth season of association football competition .
Pierre Mignoni ( born 28 February 1977 in Toulon , France ) is a retired French rugby union footballer who is currently a coach for his hometown club team , Toulon .
TJ Sakaluk ( born April 27 , 1983 in Hamilton , Ontario ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently under contract with EHC Dortmund in the German Oberliga .
The Fiji Barbarians is a former Fijian rugby union representative team that played in the Pacific Rugby Cup from 2006 to 2010 .
The San Marino national football team 's first official association football match took place on 14 November 1990 against Switzerland .
Niclas Huschenbeth ( born February 29 , 1992 in Hann . Münden ) is a German chess grandmaster ( 2012 ) and German champion in 2008 .
The Mechanics ' Institute Chess Club in San Francisco is the oldest chess club in the United States .
Virtus Bergamo Alzano Seriate 1909 is an Italian association football club from Alzano Lombardo and Seriate , Lombardy .
The 18U Baseball World Cup is the 18-and - under baseball world championship sanctioned by the International Baseball Federation ( IBAF ) , and was first held in 1981 in United States .
Susan Mascarin Keane , born Susan Mascarin ( born June 28 , 1964 ) is an American former tennis player whose best singles Grand Slam result was the 1984 US Open where she advanced to the fourth round .
John Turek ( born February 19 , 1983 ) is a former American professional basketball player for Rosa Radom in the Polish Basketball League .
The 2008 Friends Provident Trophy was an English county cricket tournament , held between 20 April and 16 August 2008 .
The 2014 General Cup was a professional non - ranking snooker tournament that took place between 12 and 18 October 2014 at the General Snooker Club in Hong Kong .
TTXGP are the official promoters of FIM eRoadRacing , the world 's premier electric motorsport race series .
Tom Clapp ( 25 October 1858 - 15 October 1933 ) was an English - born international rugby union forward who played club rugby for Newport and Nantyglo RFC .
Yulia Merkulova ( Russian : Юлия Меркулова ) ( born 17 February 1984 ) is a Russian volleyball player , who was born in Lipetsk .
Márta Balogh ( Hungarian pronunciation : ( ˈmaːrtɒ ˈbɒloɡ ) ; born 2 March 1943 in Budapest ) is a former Hungarian international handball player , multiple Hungarian championship and Hungarian cup winner , and gold medalist of the 1965 World Championship .
Beach Soccer Worldwide ( BSWW ) is the organisation responsible for the founding and growth of the association football derivative sport of beach soccer .
The Israel national under-17 football team represents Israel in association football at the under-17 youth level , and is controlled by the Israel Football Association .
The 2014 Web.com Tour was the 25th season of the top developmental tour for the U.S. PGA Tour in men 's golf , and the third under the current sponsored name of Web.com Tour .
Santiago Phelan ( born March 31 , 1974 in San Isidro , Buenos Aires ) is a retired Argentine rugby union footballer .
PFC Spartak Nalchik ( Russian : Профессиональный футбольный клуб `` Спартак '' Нальчик ) is a Russian association football club based in Nalchik that plays in the third - tier Russian Professional Football League .
Aylin Daşdelen and her two teammates , Sibel Şimşek and Şule Şahbaz , filed in September 2004 complaints of sexual harassment against Mehmet Üstündağ , who was the coach of the Turkey national women 's weightlifting team .
Hicham Guemmadi ( born April 16 , 1976 ) is an Algerian international volleyball player .
The Hong Kong Football Association Limited ( Chinese : 香港足球總會 ) , often abbreviated to the HKFA , is the governing body of association football in Hong Kong .
Blanche Bingley Hillyard ( 3 November 1863 -- 6 August 1946 ) was an English tennis player .
The 1999 Nokia Cup was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts in Prostějov in the Czech Republic that was part of Tier IVb of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Tatjana Lematschko ( born March 16 , 1948 in Moscow ) is a Swiss chess player , originally Russian but lived in Bulgaria for several years .
The Derby della Scala , also known as Derby dell'Arena or the Verona Derby ( Italian : Derby di Verona ) , is the name given to any association football match contested between Chievo Verona and Hellas Verona .
The Boston Irish Wolfhounds Rugby Football Club ( also known as BIWRFC ) is a rugby union team based in Boston , Massachusetts , US .
William Dowell ( 21 May 1885 - 9 November 1949 ) was a Welsh dual - code international rugby union and rugby league footballer who played rugby union for Newport and Pontypool and rugby league with Warrington RLFC .
Basketball Pro Management ( BPM ) is a video game that gives the player the opportunity to manage the basketball team of his choice .
Alexander Yanyushkin ( Russian : Александр Янюшкин ) ( born Penza , 30 October 1982 ) is a Russian rugby union player .
Jukka Lehtonen ( born 22 February 1982 ) is a professional volleyball player from Finland who joins GFCO Ajaccio in French Ligue A for season 2010 - 2011 .
Tony Rampton ( born 30 May 1976 in New Plymouth , New Zealand ) is a former New Zealand professional basketball player .
Brent Hobba ( born 10 March 1982 ) is an Australian basketball player who has played in the National Basketball League ( NBL ) , Big V , South East Australian Basketball League ( SEABL ) and State Basketball League ( SBL ) .
Sateki Tuipulotu ( born 3 July 1971 ) is a former rugby union footballer who played internationally for Tonga .
Brice Assie ( born June 3 , 1983 in Koumassi , Côte d'Ivoire ) is a Côte d'Ivoirean - French basketball player currently playing for San Martin Corrientes in Argentina .
Ameen Zakkar ( born 15 June 1994 ) is a Syrian - born Qatari handball player for Al Rayyan and the Qatari national team .
Chess City ( also referred to as City - Chess ; Russian : Сити-Чесс Siti - Chess or Город Шахмат Gorod Shakhmat ) is a large complex devoted to chess and chess competitions located east of Elista , Kalmykia , in Russia .
John White Newall ( 21 July 1917 -- 21 January 2004 ) , more commonly known as Jock Newall , was an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Kovlands Ishockeyförening ( English : Kovlands Ice Hockey Club , also called Kovland Hockey , abbreviated `` Kovlands IshF '' or `` KIF '' ) is a Swedish ice hockey club founded in 2000 when the ice hockey section of Kovlands IF split off to form an independent club .
Dejan Malinović ( born 12 April 1992 ) is a Bosnian handball player who currently plays for Creteil .
Valentin Sanon ( born 20 May 1980 ) is a former Ivorian professional tennis player , who played mainly on the ITF Futures tournaments .
The Trophée des Champions ( French pronunciation : ​(trofe də ʃɑmpiɔ̃ ) , Champions ' Trophy ) , is a French association football trophy contested in an annual match between the champions of Ligue 1 and the winners of the Coupe de France .
Halesowen Harriers F.C. was an English association football club based in Halesowen .
The FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women is an under-18 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation 's FIBA Africa zone .
Willi Wülbeck ( born December 18 , 1954 in Oberhausen , North Rhine - Westphalia ) is a retired German 800 metres runner .
Ian Starnes ( born January 26 , 1989 in Springfield , Missouri ) is an American football player from Glendale High School .
Bronwyn Marshall ( born 31 December 1963 ) is a former Australian women 's basketball player .
Uakazuwaka Kazombiaze , also known as Wakka Kazombiaze ( born 25 January 1979 ) , is a Namibian rugby union player with Birmingham & Solihull R.F.C. of England 's National Division Two and the Namibia national rugby union team .
Dr. Karel Hartmann ( July 6 , 1885 -- c. October 16 , 1944 ) was a Czechoslovakian ice hockey player who competed in the Olympic games in 1920 .
Suzannah Bianco ( born May 15 , 1973 ) is an American competitor in synchronized swimming and Olympic champion .
LaRon Dendy ( born December 18 , 1988 ) is an American basketball player , currently with Provence Basket in France 's second division .
Yulieski González Ledesma ( born June 20 , 1980 in Alquízar , Havana Province , Cuba ) is a pitcher for the Cuba national baseball team and Habana of the Cuban National Series .
Charlie Ward , Jr. ( born October 12 , 1970 ) is a retired American professional NBA basketball player , college football Heisman Trophy winner , Davey O'Brien Award winner and a Major League Baseball draftee .
The 1958 Moroccan Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held at Ain - Diab Circuit , Casablanca on 19 October 1958 , after a six - week breaking following the Italian Grand Prix .
Alexei Glukhov ( born April 5 , 1984 ) is a Russian professional ice hockey who currently play for Avangard Omsk .
The 1999 Swisscom Challenge was a women 's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts at the Hallenstadion in Zurich , Switzerland that was part of Tier I of the 1999 WTA Tour .
Eduard Dyckhoff ( November 14 , 1880 in Augsburg , Germany -- March 2 , 1949 ) was a German doctor of law and chess player .
Wenche Halvorsen Stensrud is a Norwegian handball player .
Borko Ristovski ( Macedonian : Борко Ристовски ) ( born 2 November 1982 ) is a Macedonian handball player who plays for the Rhein - Neckar Löwen and the Macedonia national handball team .
The 2013 Rostelecom Cup ( also known as Cup of Russia ) was an international figure skating competition in the 2013 - -14 season .
Piscine Molitor ( French pronunciation : ​(pisin molitɔʁ ) ; also known as the Piscines Auteuil - Molitor or the Grands établissements balnéaires d'Auteuil ) is a swimming pool and hotel complex located in Porte Molitor , 16th arrondissement of Paris , Île - de - France , Paris , France .
Petr Gřegořek ( born May 25 , 1978 ) is a Czech professional ice hockey player who participated at the 2010 IIHF World Championship as a member of the Czech Republic National men 's ice hockey team .
The 2009 Grand Slam of Darts was the third staging of the darts tournament , the Grand Slam of Darts organised by the Professional Darts Corporation .
The 2001 Toray Pan Pacific Open was a tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Tokyo Metropolitan Gymnasium in Tokyo in Japan and was part of Tier I of the 2001 WTA Tour .
The 1995 Fed Cup was the 33rd edition of the most important competition between national teams in women 's tennis , and the first to bear the name Fed Cup .
The 2012 Aegon Nottingham Challenge was a professional tennis tournament played on grass courts .
Filip Krajinović ( Serbian Cyrillic : Филип Крајиновић ; born 27 February 1992 ) is a Serbian professional tennis player , who achieved a career - high singles ranking of World No . 86 in April 2015 .
Carol Ross ( born June 11 , 1959 ) is an American college and professional basketball coach .
Erick McIntosh ( born May 27 , 1987 ) is an American football defensive back who is currently a free agent .
The 1999 Five Nations Championship ( sponsored by Lloyds TSB ) was the seventieth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship .
The Georgia national under-17 football team represents the country of Georgia in association football at the under-17 youth level , and is controlled by the Georgian Football Federation .
The Turkish Women 's Handball Super League ( Turkish : Türkiye Kadınlar Hentbol Süper Ligi ) is the top professional league for Turkish women 's handball clubs .
José Luis López Peinado ( born 21 May , 1943 in Tetuán , Morocco ) is a former Spanish professional association football player .
Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt ( 1765 ? -- March 23 , 1840 ) was one of the leading chess player in France in the years between 1820 and 1840 .
Robert Schellander ( born January 31 , 1983 ) is an Austrian professional association football player who currently plays for Austrian Regional League side SC Bregenz .
François Rozenthal ( born June 20 , 1975 in Dunkirk , France ) is a French ice hockey player .
Middlesex County Cricket Club in 2005 played their cricket in Division One of the County Championship and Division Two of the totesport League .
Nataša Vezmar ( born October 24 , 1976 in Bjelovar ) is a Croatian taekwondo practitioner , who competed in the women 's heavyweight category .
Amanda Carter ( born 16 July 1964 ) is an Australian Paralympic wheelchair basketball player .
The NHK Trophy is an international , senior - level figure skating competition held as part of the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series .
The Maybelline Classic ( known as the Lynda Carter Maybelline Classic in 1983 ) is a defunct women 's tennis tournament first held in 1980 and played every year until 1985 .
Khadijah Rushdan ( born May 12 , 1988 ) is a professional basketball player who played in the 2012 WNBA preseason .
Tradition Field ( formerly Thomas J. White Stadium and Digital Domain Park ) is a baseball stadium located in Port St. Lucie , Florida .
Lunds ASK or Lund 's Academic Chess Club ( Lunds Akademiska Schackklubb ) is a Premier League chess club who play in Lund , Sweden , and were founded in 1906 .
The Poznań Open is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts .
Apostolos Tsoptsis ( Greek : Απόστολος Τσόπτσης , born 29 August 1972 ) is a Greek association football player and the manager of Edessaikos .
Polisportiva S.S. Lazio Rugby 1927 , based in Roma , is an Italian professional rugby union team .
Kevin Daley is much more than a professional basketball player .
The Chiltern Football Club , nicknamed the Swans , is an Australian rules football club playing in the Tallangatta & District Football League .
The Bulgaria national football team ( Bulgarian : Национален отбор по футбол на България ) is an association football team fielded by the Bulgarian Football Union , a member association of UEFA .
Zenón Franco Ocampos ( born 12 May 1956 , Paraguay ) is a chess grandmaster ( GM ) from Paraguay .
SC Hauenstein is a German association football club from the municipality of Hauenstein , Rhineland - Palatinate .
Constantin Henriquez was a Haitian - born French rugby union footballer .
The 2014 ICC World Cricket League Division Three was a cricket divisional tournament organised by International Cricket Council .
Stella de Heij ( born 17 January 1968 in Driehuis ) is a former field hockey goalkeeper from the Netherlands , who played eighteen international matches for her national team .
Dimitrios Katiakos ( alternate spelling : Dimitris ) ( born March 10 , 1987 in Cholargos , Attica , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player .
The 2013 Irani Cup , also called 2013 Irani Trophy , was the 51st season of the Irani Cup , a first - class cricket competition in India .
Club Banco Hipotecario de la Nación , mostly known as BHN Rugby , is an Argentine rugby union and field hockey club based in Villa Celina , in La Matanza Partido of Greater Buenos Aires .
Nikša Kaleb ( born 9 March 1973 in Metković ) is a former Croatian handball player .
Sione Fua ( /siːˈoʊneɪ ˈfuːɑː/ see - OH - nay FOO - ah ; born June 15 , 1988 ) is an American football nose tackle who is currently a free agent .
Robert Kearney ( born 26 March 1986 ) , also referred to as Rob Kearney , is an Irish rugby union rugby player who currently plays for UCD , Leinster and Ireland .
Manuel Monsour Tabib del Rosario III ( born May 11 , 1965 ) , best known as Monsour del Rosario , is a Filipino taekwondo champion who has also starred in several Filipino and international action films .
The 1993 DFS Classic was a men 's tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts that was part of Tier III of the 1993 WTA Tour .
Vladimir Vuković ( 26 August 1898 , Zagreb -- 18 November 1975 , Zagreb ) was a Croatian Jewish chess writer , theoretician , player , arbiter , and journalist .
The 2012 FAI Cup Final was the final match of the 2012 FAI Cup , the national association football cup of the Republic of Ireland .
The Kanada - malja is an ice hockey club championship trophy , awarded annually to the winner of the SM - liiga playoffs .
Gerben de Knegt ( born December 11 , 1975 ) is a professional cyclo - cross racing cyclist and mountain biker from the Netherlands .
Barbara Hund ( born 10 October 1959 , Darmstadt ) is a chess woman grandmaster .
Roy Kinikinilau ( born 14 February 1980 ) is a rugby union player who plays for the Ricoh Black Rams in the Top League in Japan .
Matías Agüero ( born 13 February 1981 in San Nicolas ) is an Italian Argentine rugby union player who plays as a prop for Leicester Tigers .
The Deutschland Cup is an in - season international ice hockey tournament hosted by the German Ice Hockey Federation which has been contested in most years since 1987 .
KSV Klein - Karben is a German association football club from Karben , Hesse and is part of a larger sports club founded in 1890 .
Blaine Taylor ( born January 14 , 1958 ) is an American college basketball coach and the former head coach of the Old Dominion Monarchs men 's basketball team .
Ricardo Alonso González ( May 9 , 1928 -- July 3 , 1995 ) , also known as Richard Gonzales , and usually as Pancho Gonzales , was an American tennis player .
The American National Rugby League ( AMNRL ) was a rugby league organization in the United States that operated from 1997 to 2014 .
Johannes Bitter ( born September 2 , 1982 in Oldenburg ) is a German team handball goalkeeper playing for HSV Hamburg and the German national team .
The Harlem Wizards are a basketball team whose history goes back to 1962 when it was created by sports promoter , Howie Davis .
The Adelaide Rams were an Australian professional rugby league football club based in Adelaide , South Australia .
Russian Basketball Federation ( Russian : Российская федерация баскетбола ) , also known as RBF , is a national governing body of basketball in Russia .
Peter Markland ( born April 13 , 1951 in Bolton , Lancashire ) is a British chess player .
The 2009 Women 's South American Volleyball Club Championship was the 2009 annual edition of the women 's volleyball tournament , played by six teams from 3 countries over October 14 - -18 , 2009 in Lima , Peru .
The Virginia Wings were a professional ice hockey team based in Norfolk , Virginia of the greater Hampton Roads area .
The Leicester Riders , officially known as the Jelson Homes Leicester Riders for sponsorship reasons , is a British professional basketball team that play in the British Basketball League ( BBL ) .
Viliame Satala born 19 July 1972 in Lautoka , Fiji is a Fijian rugby union footballer .
The USSR International in badminton was an international open held in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics since 1973 , and finished in 1992 with the dissolution of the Soviet Union and the establishment of the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) , in its place .
The 1998 Toyota Princess Cup was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the Ariake Coliseum in Tokyo in Japan that was part of Tier II of the 1998 WTA Tour .
Club Belgrano de San Nicolás is a professional basketball team in San Nicolás de los Arroyos , Argentina playing in the Liga Nacional de Básquetbol ( LNB ) .
Hockey Club Junior Milano Vipers was an Italian professional ice hockey team from Milan .
Monika Soćko ( née Bobrowska on 24 March 1978 in Warsaw ) is a Polish chess grandmaster ( GM ) .
The 1973 Australian Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor grass courts at the Kooyong Stadium in Melbourne in Australia and was held from 26 December 1972 to 1 January 1973 .
Lloyd Sharrar ( February 27 , 1936 -- January 30 , 1984 ) was an American basketball player who was a college All - American at West Virginia University ( WVU ) and played for several years in the Amateur Athletic Union .
The Hamburg Marathon is an annual marathon race over the classic distance of 42.195 km ( 26.219 mi ) held in Hamburg , Germany .
The 2008 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship Division B was the fourth edition of the Division B of the FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship , the second tier level of European basketball .
Keiunta Denard Span ( born February 27 , 1984 ) is an American professional baseball center fielder for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) .
The BC Aichach is a German association football club club from the town of Aichach , Bavaria .
Witold Balcerowski ( 10 August 1935 - 9 November 2001 ) was a Polish chess player who twice won the Polish Chess Championship in 1962 and 1965 .
Paul Herygers ( born 22 November 1962 ) was a professional Belgian cyclo - cross cyclist from 1992 until 1999 .
Kjell Espen Knutsen Jahre ( born January 12 , 1972 ) is a retired Norwegian professional ice hockey player and currently the head coach of Vålerenga in the Norwegian GET - ligaen .
Maurie Fa'asavalu is a Samoan rugby union player who formerly played rugby league for St Helens .
Aron Zabłudowski ( 1909 - -1941 , Białystok ) was a Polish chess master .
Mälarhöjden / Bredäng Hockey ( often referred to as MB Hockey or MB ) is an ice hockey club based in Stockholm , Sweden .
Petr Nedvěd ( born December 9 , 1971 ) is a Czech Canadian former professional ice hockey player who spent 15 seasons in the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
Bàsquet Manresa , S.A.D. , also known as ICL Manresa by sponsorship reasons , is a professional basketball team based in Manresa , Catalonia , Spain , playing in Liga ACB .
Michaël Guigou ( born 28 January 1982 ) is a French handball player having played since the start of his career ( in 1999 ) for Montpellier Handball .
Corey Santee ( born September 13 , 1983 ) is an American professional basketball guard .
Cristian Ugalde García ( born 19 October 1987 ) is a Spanish professional handball player for MVM Veszprém and the Spanish national team .
Antti Siltala ( born 14 March 1984 ) is a Finnish professional volleyball player who has played in Greek , Turkish and Polish leagues .
The 2010 IFAF Women 's World Championship was the first world championship of American football for women .
The FIBA Americas Under-16 Championship for Women is an under-16 basketball championship in the International Basketball Federation 's FIBA Americas zone .
Ylon Schwartz ( /ˈiːlɒn ˈʃwɔrts/ ; born c. 1970 ) is a chess master and professional poker player from Brooklyn , New York , and a fourth - place finisher in the $ 10,000 World Championship No Limit Hold'em Main Event of the 2008 World Series of Poker ( WSOP ) , played on November 9 , 2008 .
The WTA Christchurch ( also known by its corporate title of the Colgate International ) is a defunct WTA Tour affiliated tennis tournament played in 1970 - -71 and 1978 .
The 1935 FIBA European Championship , commonly called EuroBasket 1935 , was the first FIBA EuroBasket regional basketball championship , held by FIBA Europe , as well as a test event preceding the first Olympic basketball tournament at the 1936 Summer Olympics .
Moses Scurry ( b. 14 June 1968 ) is a former college and professional basketball player .
Jen - Ho Tseng(曾仁和 ) ( born October 3 , 1994 ) is a Taiwanese baseball player who represented Taiwan at the 2013 World Baseball Classic .
Manute Bol ( /məˈnuːt ˈboʊl/ ; October 16 , 1962 -- June 19 , 2010 ) was a Sudanese - born American basketball player and political activist .
Oscar De La Hoya vs. Hector Camacho , billed as `` Opposites Attack '' , was a professional boxing match contested on September 13 , 1997 for the WBC and lineal welterweight championships .
The 2006 Open 13 was an ATP men 's tennis tournament held in Marseille , France .
Villefranche XIII Aveyron are a semi - professional rugby league football club based in southern France that represents the sous - préfecture area of Aveyron and also the Villefranche - de - Rouergue commune .
Anton Kazarnovski ( born January 21 , 1985 ) is an Israeli - Russian professional basketball Center who currently plays for Karpoš Sokoli .
The Mount Pritchard Mounties Rugby League Football Club ( sponsored by Mounties Group ) is an Australian rugby league football club based in Mount Pritchard , New South Wales formed in 1927 .
Jennifer Digbeu ( born 14 April 1987 in Lyon , France ) is a French basketball player who has played 56 times for the French women 's national basketball team since her debut against Turkey in 2008.Jennifer 's brother Alain Digbeu is also a basketball player .
The 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 Championships or 2010 ICC Africa Under-19 World Cup Qualifiers were two cricket events organised by the African Cricket Association .
The Rec . Sport . Soccer Statistics Foundation ( RSSSF ) is an international organization dedicated to collecting statistics about association football .
Daphne Seeney ( born 2 February 1933 ) , married name Daphne Fancutt , is an Australian former tennis player whose career spanned the 1950s .
Cory Conacher ( born December 14 , 1989 ) is a Canadian professional ice hockey center currently playing for SC Bern of the Swiss National League A ( NLA ) .
Scott Drapeau ( born 1970s ) is an American former basketball player known for his collegiate career at the University of New Hampshire ( UNH ) .
The Queensland Country Heelers is an amateur rugby union football team that represents the regions of Queensland outside of Brisbane .
Giorgos Danas ( Greek : Γιώργος Δανάς ; born June 22 , 1991 , in Rhodes , Greece ) is a Greek professional basketball player who plays for Promitheas Patras .
Annelize Naudé ( born 1 January 1977 ) is a professional squash player from the Netherlands .
The 2015 Mutua Madrid Open was a professional tennis tournament that was played on outdoor clay courts at the Park Manzanares in Madrid , Spain from 3 - -10 May.
Marvin Joey Iosefa ( born June 19 , 1991 ) is an American football fullback on the practice squad for the New England Patriots of the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The FINA Water Polo World League is an international water polo league organized by FINA , which plays annually , typically from winter through to June .
Federico Luzzi ( 3 January 1980 -- 25 October 2008 ) was a professional tennis player from Italy who had been ranked as high as World No . 92 .
Billy Eppler ( born 1975 ) is an American baseball executive .
British Chess Magazine is the world 's oldest chess journal in continuous publication .
The 2011 Cricket Canada Summer Festival was a cricket tournament in Canada , taking place between 11 - -13 August 2011 .
Valter Bonacina ( born 30 July 1964 in Bergamo ) is an Italian association football coach , currently of Foggia and former player .
Marielle Amant ( born 9 December 1989 in Le Lamentin , Martinique ) is a French basketball player for Nantes Basket and the French national team , where she participated at the 2014 FIBA World Championship .
The Gibraltar national football team represents the Gibraltar in association football and is controlled by the Gibraltar Football Association ( GFA ) , the governing body of the sport there .
The 2010 Rally Sweden was the opening round of the 2010 World Rally Championship season .
Ties Theeuwkens ( born January 15 , 1985 ) is a Dutch professional basketball player for Challenge Sports Rotterdam in the Dutch Basketball League .
The 1995 Qatar Open , known as the 1995 Qatar ExxonMobil Open for sponsorship reasons , was a men 's tennis ATP tournament held in Doha , Qatar and played on outdoor hard courts .
The 1910 NHA season was the first season of the National Hockey Association men 's professional ice hockey league .
Lori Dupuis ( born November 14 , 1972 ) is a Canadian women 's ice hockey player .
Chad Bassen ( born April 25 , 1983 ) is a Canadian - German professional ice hockey forward who is currently playing with the Iserlohn Roosters of the Deutsche Eishockey Liga ( DEL ) .
Gürkan Çetinkaya ( born on December 4 , 1987 ) is a Turkish ice hockey player .
Ryan Joseph Ramos Rizada , better known as R.J. Rizada , ( born October 5 , 1982 in Davao ) is a Filipino professional basketball player who currently plays for the Petron Blaze Boosters in the Philippine Basketball Association .
The 1984 WTA German Open was a women 's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts in Berlin , Germany that was part of the 1984 Virginia Slims World Championship Series .
The 1993 International Tennis Championships was an ATP Tour tennis tournament held in Coral Springs , Florida from 10 May until 17 May 1993 .
The Manchester Spartans were an English American football club based in Manchester .
Peter Dods ( born 6 January 1958 ) is a former international rugby union player , who played fullback for Gala and Scotland .
Chin - Feng Chen ( simplified Chinese : 陈金锋 ; traditional Chinese : 陳金鋒 ; pinyin : Chén Jīnfēng ; Wade -- Giles : Ch'en2 Chin1-Feng1 ; born October 28 , 1977 ) is a baseball outfielder who was the first player born in Taiwan to play in Major League Baseball .
Vishal Sareen ( born in 1973 ) is a chess International Master .
Jan Štokr ( born 16 January 1983 ) is a Czech volleyball player ( opposite ) , a member of Czech Republic men 's national volleyball team and Korean club Suwon KEPCO Vixtorm .
Nenad Zivčević ( born February 28 , 1986 ) is a Macedonian and Serbian professional basketball Small forward .
Panayotis Papoulias ( Greek : Παναγιώτης Παπούλιας ; born 9 December 1969 ) is a Greek former track and field athlete who competing middle- and long - distance running events .
ECWA Heavyweight Championship is the top title contested in the independent professional wrestling promotion East Coast Wrestling Association .
Max Rousié ( 18 July 1912 - 2 June 1959 ) was a French rugby league and rugby union footballer who rose to prominence in the 1930s .
Bridgend Ravens ( formerly Bridgend RFC ) are a semi - professional rugby union club based in Bridgend , South Wales .
The 2004 NatWest Series was a One Day International cricket tri - series sponsored by the National Westminster Bank that took place in England between 24 June and 10 July 2004 .
The Port Adelaide Football Club is a professional Australian rules football club based in Alberton , Port Adelaide , South Australia .
The WTA Tier III tournaments were Women 's Tennis Association tennis third - level tournaments held from 1990 until the end of the 2008 season .
Christina Bauer ( born January 1 , 1988 ) is a French volleyball player of Fenerbahçe from Turkey .
FC Mostransgaz Gazoprovod ( Russian : Футбольный клуб `` Мострансгаз '' Газопровод ) is a defunct Russian association football club based in Moscow .
The 1991 Westchester Cup was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Westchester , New York in the United States .
İzzet Türkyılmaz ( born May 20 , 1990 ) is a Turkish professional basketball player currently playing for Turkish Basketball League club Galatasaray .
The Balkan Cup was an international association football tournament contested on and off from 1929 to 1980 by countries from the Balkans region .
Lorenzo Mata - Real ( born July 8 , 1986 ) is an American - born of Mexican descent professional basketball player in Mexico 's Liga Nacional de Baloncesto Profesional ( LNBP ) .
The 2009 Hungarian Figure Skating Championships ( Hungarian : Senior Országos Bajnokság 2009 ) were the Hungarian Figure Skating Championships of the 2008 - 2009 figure skating season .
The 2008 Golden Spin of Zagreb ( Croatian : Zlatna pirueta Zagreba ) was the Golden Spin of Zagreb competition for the 2008 - -2009 figure skating season .
The 1992 Hopman Cup was the fourth edition to the Hopman Cup tennis event .
The Brisbane Heat are an Australian men 's professional twenty20 cricket team that competes in the Big Bash League .
BC Kyiv ( Ukrainian : БК `` Київ '' ) is a Ukrainian professional basketball club based in Kiev .
Marigje Degrande ( born 7 August 1992 ) is a Belgian chess player from Bruges , West Flanders .
Romeo Sacchetti ( born August 20 , 1953 in Altamura ) is a former professional basketball player , and current basketball coach from Italy , who won the silver medal with his national team at the 1980 Summer Olympic Games in Moscow .
The Hartford Dark Blues were a 19th - century baseball team .
HC MVD ( Russian : ХК МВД ) was a professional ice hockey club based in Balashikha , Moscow Oblast , Russia .
The Southern Spears , were a South African rugby union franchise who were originally founded in 2005 and were intended to participate in Super 14 from 2007 onwards ; however , their proposed entry into the competition led to considerable controversy within the country 's rugby establishment .
Michel Enríquez Tamayo ( born February 11 , 1979 in Nueva Gerona , Isla de la Juventud ) is a Cuban baseball third baseman .
Behnam Mahmoudi ( Persian : بهنام محمودی‎ , born April 25 , 1980 in Meyaneh ) is an Iranian former volleyball player , who capped for more than 8 years in the Iranian National Volleyball Team .
The 2004 ATP Buenos Aires was a tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Buenos Aires Lawn Tennis Club in Buenos Aires in Argentina and was part of the International Series of the 2004 ATP Tour .
The 2010 Giro dell'Emilia was the 93rd of this single day road bicycle racing .
The Indianapolis Blues were a baseball team in the National League only during the 1878 season and finished fifth in the six - team league with a 24 - 36 record .
Gauri Shankar ( born October 1 , 1992 ) is an Indian chess player who is currently a FIDE Master .
Vojo Gardašević ( born 10 October 1940 ) is a Montenegrin association football coach and former player .
Christophe Porcu ( born 5 May 1971 in Mauvezin , France ) is a French international rugby union player .
Durham Tigers are a rugby league club based in Sunnydale Leisure Centre , Shildon , County Durham in the North East of England .
Jeff Lima ( born 4 July 1982 in Auckland , New Zealand ) is a professional rugby league footballer who currently plays for the Canberra Raiders in the National Rugby League .
Yvonne Vermaak ( born 18 December 1956 ) is a former tour tennis player who represented her native South Africa .
The Vodacom Players Championship was a golf tournament on the Sunshine Tour that was held in South Africa .
Morgan Parra ( born 15 November 1988 ) is a French rugby union player who plays as a Scrum - half and occasionally Fly - half .
Baadur Jobava ( Georgian : ბაადურ ჯობავა ; born 26 November 1983 ) is a Georgian chess grandmaster and three - time Georgian champion ( 2003,2007 , 2012 ) .
Jacques - Louis Potgieter ( born 2 September 1984 in Pretoria ) is a South African rugby union player , currently playing with French Top 14 side Lyon .
Trefl Sopot is a Polish professional basketball team , based in Sopot , Poland .
Ismaïla Sy ( born May 29 , 1979 in Versailles . France ) is a French basketball player who played for French Pro A league clubs Nancy during 2003 - 2004 season , Brest during 2005 - 2006 season and Hyeres - Toulon during 2007 - 2008 season .
Simone Carmichael ( née Ferrara ) ( born 7 June 1977 ) is an association football player who represented New Zealand at international level .
Pascal Vincent ( born September 22 , 1971 in Laval , Quebec ) is a retired ice hockey player and current assistant coach of the Winnipeg Jets .
SG Rot - Weiss Frankfurt 01 is a German association football club from Frankfurt am Main .
The 2011 Inter - Provincial Twenty20 was the fourth and final season of the Inter - Provincial Twenty20 , the official Twenty20 domestic cricket competition in Sri Lanka .
FV Speyer was a German association football club from the town of Speyer , Rhineland - Palatinate .
`` Let 's Go Mets Go ! '' ( also entitled `` Let 's Go Mets ! '' ) was the rally song of the 1986 World Series champion New York Mets baseball team .
The ICC Americas Championship is the continental cricket championship for the Americas region , for Affiliate and Associate members of the International Cricket Council in North , Central and South America , and the Caribbean .
Rameez Junaid ( born 25 May 1981 ) is an Australian professional tennis player of Pakistani descent .
Olga Fateeva ( Russian : Ольга Фатеева ; born 4 May 1984 ) is a Russian volleyball player .
The Colorado Rockies are an American professional baseball team based in Denver , Colorado ..
The 1990 Chevrolet Classic was a men 's tennis tournament held in Guarujá in Brazil and played on clay courts .
Turid Smedsgård is a Norwegian former handball goalkeeper .
The 2008 Morgan State Bears football team played American football on behalf of the Morgan State University .
The 2000 Indian Wells Masters ( also known as Tennis Masters Series Indian Wells ) was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
The 2015 Tour of Qinghai Lake is the 14th edition of an annual professional road bicycle racing stage race held in Qinghai Province , China since 2002 , named after Qinghai Lake .
William Frederick Stelling ( born 30 June 1969 in Johannesburg , South Africa ) , better known as Billy Stelling , is a Dutch cricket player .
Miljan Goljović ( born August 27 , 1971 ) is a Serbian - born retired Slovenian professional basketball player .
The 2013 State of Origin series was the 33rd time the annual best - of - three series between the Queensland and New South Wales rugby league teams was played entirely under ' state of origin ' rules .
Omm'A Givens is a former high school basketball All - American , and center on the 1995 UCLA Bruins men 's basketball national championship team .
FIBA Europe is a zone within the International Basketball Federation ( FIBA ) which includes all 52 national European basketball federations .
IK Comet Halden is an ice hockey club based in Halden , Norway .
Tasha Butts ( born March 10 , 1982 ) is an American retired women 's basketball player from Milledgeville , Georgiaand currently an assistant coach at LSU .
The Steenbergcross ( Dutch for stone mountain cross ) is a cyclo - cross race held in Erpe - Mere , Belgium with the first edition in 2002 .
Doncaster RLFC is a professional rugby league football club , from Doncaster , South Yorkshire .
Union Tours Basket Métropole ( English : Tours Basketball Union Metropolis ) is a French semi - professional basketball club based in the city of Tours in the Centre - Val de Loire region of France .
The State Farm Women 's Tennis Classic was a tennis tournament held in Scottsdale , Arizona , United States from 2000 to 2003 .
The 2010 Italian Figure Skating Championships ( Italian : Campionati Italiani Assoluti 2010 Pattinaggio Di Figura Su Ghiaccio ) were the Italian Figure Skating Championships of the 2009 - 2010 figure skating season .
Ricoh Black Rams is a Japanese rugby union team in the Top League .
The 2007 French Super Series is the tenth tournament of the 2007 BWF Super Series in badminton .
The 2006 European Youth Baseball Championship was an international baseball competition held in Gijon , Spain from July 4 to July 9 , 2006 .
David Chiotti ( born September 9 , 1984 ) is an Italian - American basketball player who is currently playing for Olimpia Milano since 2012 .
Greg Koubek ( born March 15 , 1969 in Clifton Park , New York ) is a retired American basketball player best known for his collegiate career at Duke University between 1988 and 1991 .
Josef Beránek ( Czech pronunciation : ( ˈjɔzɛf ˈbɛraːnɛk ) ) ( born October 25 , 1969 ) is a Czech former professional ice hockey player and coach .
Runcorn RLC are a rugby league club based in Runcorn , Cheshire .
Martyn Kravtsiv ( Ukrainian : Мартин Кравців ; born 26 November 1990 in Lviv ) is a Ukrainian chess grandmaster ( 2009 ) .
The Emami Kolkata Open ATP Challenger Tour ( formerly known as State Bank of India ATP Challenger Tour ) is a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts .
Steed Tchicamboud ( born June 18 , 1981 ) is a French professional basketball player for who last played for Paris - Levallois of the LNB Pro A.
The 2009 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Championship Game was the finals of the 2009 NCAA Men 's Division I Basketball Tournament and it determined the National Champion for the 2008 - 09 NCAA Division I men 's basketball season .
The Canadian Open Chess Championship is Canada 's Open chess championship , first held in 1956 , and held annually since 1973 , usually in mid - summer .
Esther Epstein ( born May 10 , 1954 ) is a United States chess player and systems manager , who has won the U.S. Women 's Chess Champion in 1991 and 1997 .
The Lowlanders Białystok is an American football team based in Białystok , Poland , which currently competes in the PLFA I , the second division of Polish American Football League .
Frank Hilton ( born 1884 , died unknown ) was an English professional association football player in the years prior to the First World War .
SpVg Bönen is a German association football club from Altenbögge in Bönen .
Lituania Tilsit was a German association football club from the city of Tilsit , East Prussia ( today Sovetsk , Russia ) .
The Nordsjælland Cobras were a Danish professional ice hockey team that used to play in the top Danish ice hockey league AL - Bank Ligaen . After filing for bankruptcy at the end of the 2009 - 2010 season , the team was excluded from the following season .
The BMW ISPS Handa New Zealand Open is the premier men 's golf tournament in New Zealand .
The 2013 WTA Tour Championships was a tennis tournament at Istanbul , Turkey from 22 to 27 October 2013 .
Pablo Ricardi ( born 25 February 1962 , Buenos Aires ) is an Argentine chess grandmaster .
Darius Songaila ( born February 14 , 1978 ) is a Lithuanian former professional basketball player and currently assistant coach for Žalgiris Kaunas .
The FIE Fencing World Cup is an international fencing competition held by the Fédération Internationale d'Escrime .
The Hank Aaron Award is given annually to the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) players selected as the top hitter in each league , as voted on by baseball fans and members of the media .
Gert Ligterink ( born 17 November 1949 in Oldekerk ) is a Dutch chess player .
The Larkana Bulls is a limited overs cricket team based in Larkana , Sindh , Pakistan .
Romain Taofifénua ( born 14 September 1990 in Mont - de - Marsan ) is a French rugby union player , playing as Lock for Toulon in the Top 14 .
Parallel bars is an apparatus used by gymnasts in artistic gymnastics .
Lowell Hamilton ( born May 3 , 1966 ) was a former high school and college basketball player during the 1980s .
Dwayne Anderson , II ( born June 22 , 1986 ) is an American basketball coach .
Vladimir Krstić ( born July 27 , 1972 in Osijek , SR Croatia , SFR Yugoslavia ) is a Croatian professional basketball coach and former professional player .
Ties Kruize ( born 17 November 1952 ) is a former field hockey player from the Netherlands .
Bradley Ronald Johnstone ( born 30 July 1950 ) , known as Brad Johnstone , is a former New Zealand rugby union footballer and a current coach .
FK Šaca is a Slovak association football club located in Šaca which is a borough of Košice .
The South London Pirates , known until 2012 as the Croydon Pirates , is a British baseball club based in South London .
Trine Haltvik ( born March 23 , 1965 in Trondheim ) is a Norwegian handball coach and former player .
Callaway Golf Company is an American global sporting goods company that designs , manufactures , markets and sells golf equipment , golf accessories and golf lifestyle - related products in more than 70 countries worldwide .
Viljar Veski ( born April 29 , 1986 ) is an Estonian basketball player , who currently plays in the Spanish third division for Palma Air Europa .
Marco Salvatore ( born February 20 , 1986 ) is an Austrian professional association football player currently playing for SV Horn in the Austrian Football First League .
Juvenia Stadium ( Polish : Stadion Juvenii Kraków ) is a rugby union stadium in Kraków , Poland .
The Greatest Baseball Game Never Played was a 1982 simulated broadcast of a hypothetical baseball game between all - time Major League Baseball greats .
Stanley Havili ( born November 14 , 1987 ) is an American football fullback who is on the Seattle Seahawks practice squad .
Mélodie Daoust ( born January 7 , 1992 ) is a women 's ice hockey player from Canada .
Paola Croce ( born March 6 , 1978 in Rome ) is an Italian volleyball player , who plays as a libero .
The Naismith College Player of the Year is an annual basketball award given by the Atlanta Tipoff Club to the top men 's and women 's collegiate basketball players .
Kimmie Meissner began figure skating at age six after watching her older brothers playing ice hockey .
The 1959 Scottish Cup Final was an association football match between St Mirren F.C. and Aberdeen F.C. on 25 April 1959 at Hampden Park in Glasgow , Scotland .
The Chess Monthly was a short - lived monthly chess magazine produced from January 1857 and May 1861 in the United States .
The Toledo Goaldiggers were a minor professional ice hockey club based in Toledo , OH from 1974 - 1986 .
The Melbourne Ice are a semi - professional ice hockey team in the Australian Ice Hockey League .
Mason Cole ( born March 28 , 1996 ) is an American football player .
Andrew Jarrett ( born 9 January 1958 in Belper , Derbyshire , England ) , is a former professional tennis player from the United Kingdom .
Rotherham Giants is a rugby league team based in Rotherham , South Yorkshire , playing in the Yorkshire Premier of the Rugby League Conference .
Hélio Rubens Garcia ( born Franca , Brazil , September 2 , 1940 ) , known as Hélio Rubens , is a former Brazilian basketball player and coach .
The Nelson Mandela Challenge Plate is a rugby union trophy contested between Australia and South Africa .
The Rugby Nordic Cup is the biggest club rugby union tournament in Scandinavia , annually pitching the champions of each Nordic county against each other to find out who is the best .
Paul Maurice ( born January 30 , 1967 ) is a Canadian former ice hockey player and current head coach of the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League ( NHL ) .
The Southampton Trailblazers were a basketball club based in Southampton , England , which competed in the English Basketball League Division 3 ( South ) at the time of the club 's demise .
Kyle Connor ( born December 9 , 1996 ) is an American ice hockey player , who currently plays college ice hockey for the Michigan Wolverines of the Big Ten Conference .
Greg Pankewicz ( born October 6 , 1970 ) is a Canadian ice hockey coach and former professional ice hockey player .
The Japan national under-17 football team is a national association football youth team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association .
The Czech Women 's Handball First Division is the premier category of the Czech Republic 's women 's handball national league .
Terry Simpson ( born August 30 , 1943 in Brantford , Ontario ) is a retired Canadian professional ice hockey player and a former NHL head coach .
The Hokkaido Marathon held in Sapporo , Hokkaidō , Japan , is one of the prominent marathon races of the year .
Neerim - Neerim South Football Club , nicknamed The Cats , is an Australian rules football club in the Ellinbank & District Football League .
The UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 Final was an association football match on 28 July 2013 at the Friends Arena in Solna , Sweden , to determine the winner of UEFA Women 's Euro 2013 .
Kristina Elez ( born 22 May 1987 as Kristina Franić ) is a Croatian handball player and a member of the Croatian national team .
Max Harmonist ( Berlin , 10 February 1864 - -16 October 1907 ) was a leading German chess master .
Hedera canariensis is a species of Ivy ( genus Hedera ) which is native to the Atlantic coast in Canary islands and northern Africa .
Olga Sober ( Šober ) ( born in Sarajevo ) is an opera singer and leading soprano in the Croatian National Theatre in Rijeka .
Giuseppina Ronzi de Begnis ( born Giuseppina Ronzi ; Milan 11 January 1800 - died , Florence , 7 June 1853 ) was an Italian soprano opera singer famous for the roles written for her by the prominent composers of the 1820s and 1830s .
Pauline Wales ( born 1938 ) is an English singer and actress best known for her performances in the mezzo - soprano roles of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas with the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company .
Teresa Stolz ( born 2 June 1834 , Elbekosteletz ( Czech : Kostelec nad Labem ) , Bohemia -- died 23 August 1902 , Milan ) was a Bohemian soprano , long resident in Italy , who was associated with significant premieres of the works of Giuseppe Verdi , and may have been his mistress .
Joan Pons Álvarez ( Ciutadella , Spain , 8 August 1946 ) , is a Spanish operatic baritone , known internationally as Juan Pons .
Therese Malten was the stage name of Therese Müller ( 21 June 1855 -- 2 January 1930 ) , a well - known German dramatic soprano .
Jessica Rivera ( born 1974 ) is an American soprano of Peruvian - American ancestry .
Beverly Bower ( September 30 , 1925 -- March 24 , 2002 ) was an American operatic soprano who had an active international opera career from the mid-1950s through the early 1970s .
Aprile Millo ( born April 14 , 1958 ) is an American operatic soprano of Italian and Irish ancestry who is particularly admired for her interpretations of the works of Giuseppe Verdi .
Stoyanka Savova Nikolova , best known by her stage name Elena Nicolai ( 24 January 1905 -- 23 October 1993 ) , was a Bulgarian mezzo - soprano and opera singer .
Pavel Koshetz ( Russian : Павел Алексеевич Кошиц ; real last name is Poray - Koshetz ( ru:Порай-Кошиц ) ; December 14 , 1863 in Kiev Oblast , Russian Empire -- March 2 , 1904 in Moscow ) was a Russian opera singer ( tenor ) .
Joanne Lunn is an English classical soprano in opera and concert .
Claramae Turner ( née Haas , October 28 , 1920 - May 18 , 2013 ) was an American operatic contralto , perhaps best known for her appearance in the film Carousel ( 1956 ) , adapted from the Rodgers and Hammerstein stage musical of the same name .
James Billings ( born 1932 , Springfield , Missouri ) is an American operatic baritone , librettist , and opera director .
Eva Mylott ( 1875 - 20 March 1920 ) was an Australian contralto opera singer .
Giuditta Grisi ( 28 July 1805 -- 1 May 1840 ) was an Italian operatic mezzo - soprano , sister of soprano Giulia Grisi and cousin of ballerina Carlotta Grisi .
Karan Armstrong ( born December 14 , 1941 , Havre , Montana ) is an American operatic soprano , who is celebrated as a singing - actress .
Giacomo Lauri - Volpi ( December 11 , 1892 -- March 17 , 1979 ) was an Italian tenor with a lyric - dramatic voice of exceptional range and technical facility .
Zhang Liping ( simplified Chinese : 张立萍 ; traditional Chinese : 張立萍 ; born 1965 ) is a Chinese - Canadian soprano , who has sung leading roles in the opera houses of both Europe and North America .
Hélène Bouvier ( June 20 , 1905 , Paris -- March 11 , 1978 , Paris ) was a French operatic mezzo - soprano , particularly associated with the French repertoire .
Anton Schott ( born Schloss Staufeneck , Bavaria , June 24 , 1846 - died Stuttgart , January 6 , 1913 ) was a German dramatic tenor .
The Toronto Star described her part in the program as `` a series of musical confections smartly wrapped in Liberian - born and New York - based Dawn Padmore 's silky soprano '' and he concluded : `` and Dawn Padmore should be encouraged to visit us as often as possible ... ''
Kari Rueslåtten ( Trondheim , October 3 , 1973 ) is a Norwegian soprano singer , songwriter and keyboardist , who was well known for being the former lead singer and songwriter for the now disbanded Norwegian doom metal / experimental band , The 3rd and the Mortal from 1992 to 1994 .
Colette Alliot - Lugaz ( born 20 July 1947 ) is a French soprano , particularly associated with Mozart .
Elvira Casazza ( 15 November 1887 -- 24 January 1965 ) was an Italian mezzo - soprano opera singer ( also known as Elvira Mari - Casazza ) .
Ana María Martínez ( born 1971 ) is a Puerto Rican - American soprano .
Gustáv Papp ( 28 September 1919 -- 7 October 1997 ) was a Slovak operatic tenor who had an active international career during the 1940s through the 1980s .
Romilda Pantaleoni ( 1847 -- 20 May 1917 ) was an Italian soprano who had a prolific opera career in Italy during the 1870s and 1880s .
Marie Te Hapuku ( formerly Marie - Adele McArthur ) is an operatic soprano from Gisborne , New Zealand and is a direct descendant of the Māori chief , Te Hapuku .
Jörg Dürmüller ( born 28 August 1959 in Bern ) is a Swiss classical tenor in concert and opera .
Marie Selika Williams ( c. 1849 - -1937 ) was an American coloratura soprano .
Gitta Alpár ( née Regina Klopfer ; 5 February 1903 -- 17 February 1991 ) , was a Hungarian - born opera and operetta soprano .
Jon Garrison ( né Jon Long ; born December 11 , 1944 in Higginsville , Missouri ) is a successful American operatic tenor who has been performing in locations around the world since 1965 .
Richard Mayr ( 18 November 1877 , in Henndorf -- 1 December 1935 , in Vienna ) was an Austrian operatic bass - baritone who was particularly admired for his performances in works by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart , Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss .
Anthony Stuart Lloyd ( born 1967 , Cardiff ) is a Welsh baritone opera singer from Wales .
Giuseppe Giacomini ( * September 7 , 1940 ; Veggiano near Padua , Italy ) is an Italian dramatic tenor .
Hermann Prey ( 11 July 1929 -- 22 July 1998 ) was a German lyric baritone , best known for his lieder renditions and for light comic roles in opera .
Pierre Gaveaux ( 9 October 1761 -- 5 February 1825 ) was a French operatic tenor and composer , notable for creating the role of Jason in Cherubini 's Médée and for composing Leonore ou l'amour conjugal , the first operatic version of the story that later found fame as Fidelio .
Stuart Howe ( July 19 , 1967 ) is an operatic tenor who has become particularly noted for his interpretation of the heroic roles of Rossini and Donizetti .
Anna Kasyan ( Armenian : Աննա Կասյան ) is a Georgian - born Armenian opera singer ( soprano ) living in France .
Marietta Marcolini ( born c. 1780 -- date of death unknown ) was an Italian operatic contralto .
Nikos Gounaris ( Greek : Νίκος Γούναρης ; 1915 -- 5 May 1965 in Athens ) was a Greek tenor who was enormously popular as a `` pop '' singer in the 1950s .
Georgine von Milinkovič ( July 7 , 1913 , Prague - February 26 , 1986 , Munich ) was a Croatian operatic mezzo - soprano of Czech birth , particularly associated with Wagner and Strauss roles .
A singer ( mezzo - soprano ) and composer herself , Elsa Respighi created ballets out of Respighi 's Ancient Airs and Dances suites and completed his final opera Lucrezia in 1937 .
Petre Munteanu ( 26 November 1916 - 18 July 1988 ) was a Romanian operatic tenor particularly associated with Mozart and lighter Italian roles .
Clémentine Delauney ( born 11 February 1987 ) is a French soprano singer from Lyon .
Andreas Dippel ( 30 November 1866 -- 12 May 1932 ) was a German - born operatic tenor and impresario who from 1908 to 1910 was the joint manager ( with Giulio Gatti - Casazza ) of the New York Metropolitan Opera .
Delores Ziegler ( born 4 September 1951 ) is an American mezzo - soprano who has had an active international performance career since the late 1970s .
Giovanni Paroli ( 1856 , Brescia - 1920 , Brescia ) was an Italian operatic tenor who had an active international performance career for four decades .
James Oldfield ( born in October 1981 in Ipswich , UK ) is an English bass - baritone .
Margarete Teschemacher ( 3 March 1903 -- 19 May 1959 ) was a German operatic soprano , particularly associated with the German repertory , although she sang a wide range of roles .
Radmila Bakočević ( Serbian Cyrillic : Радмила Бакочевић , pronounced ( rǎdmila bakɔ̌ːtʃɛʋitɕ ) ; born January 5 , 1933 ) , is a Serbian operatic soprano who had a major international opera career that began in 1955 and ended upon her retirement from the stage in 1982 .
Niels Jacob Hansen ( 1880 - -1969 ) was a Danish tenor , mostly famous for his roles in opera .
Arthur Fear ( 1902 - -1984 ) was a Welsh bass and baritone opera singer .
Gary Lehman is an American operatic tenor , specialising in the Heldentenor repertoire .
Laura Macrì ( born 29 June 1990 in Caltanissetta , Sicily , Italy ) is a Sicilian - Italian soprano singer .
Lubomír Havlák ( 27 December 1921 -- 28 September 2014 ) was a Czech dramatic tenor born at Fryčovice near Ostrava ( former Czechoslovakia ) .
Christian du Plessis ( born 2 July 1944 ) is a South African baritone , largely based in England , and particularly associated with the bel canto repertory .
Roberta Alexander ( born 3 March 1949 , in Lynchburg , Virginia ) is an American operatic soprano .
Giuseppe Filianoti ( born 11 January 1974 ) is an Italian lyric tenor from Reggio Calabria .
John Ken Nuzzo ( ジョン・健・ヌッツォ , born 5 May 1966 in Tokyo ) is a Japanese - Italian tenor .
Naděžda Kniplová ( née Pokorná ) ( born 18 April 1932 ) is a Czech operatic soprano who had an active international career from the 1950s through the 1980s .
Roberta Peters ( born May 4 , 1930 ) is an American coloratura soprano .
Aino Ackté ( originally Achte ; 23 April 1876 -- 8 August 1944 ) was a Finnish soprano .
Korliss Uecker is an American vocalist ( soprano ) from Hettinger , North Dakota .
Gerd Türk is a German classical tenor .
Anna de Belocca ( née de Bellokh ) ( 4 January 1854 -- unknown ) , was a Russian - born operatic contralto .
Ján Koehler ( died 28 June 1895 ) was a Polish operatic baritone .
Hilary Summers is a Welsh dramatic contralto .
Jennifer Vyvyan ( 13 March 1925 -- 5 April 1974 ) was a British classical soprano who had an active international career in operas , concerts , and recitals from 1948 up until her death in 1974 .
Elisabetta Manfredini - Guarmani ( 2 June 1780 -- after 1828 ) was an Italian opera singer best known for having created the leading soprano roles in four of Rossini 's operas , roles which he wrote specifically for her voice .
Maria Reining ( August 7 , 1903 in Vienna -- March 11 , 1991 in Deggendorf ) was an Austrian soprano and Kammersänger .
Heinrich Sontheim ( 1820 - -1912 ) , also known as Honas Bär Sontheimer , was a prominent late-19th - Century tenor and kammersänger ( chamber singer ) based in Stuttgart , Germany .
Pierre Jélyotte ( 13 April 1713 -- 11 September 1797 ) was a French operatic tenor , particularly associated with works by Rameau , Lully , Campra , Mondonville and Destouches .
Vyacheslav Polozov ( born January 1 , 1950 ) is an operatic spinto tenor from the former Ukrainian SSR .
Anne Sofie von Otter ( born 9 May 1955 ) is a Swedish mezzo - soprano whose repertoire encompasses lieder , operas , oratorios and also rock and pop songs .
Vincent Niclo ( born in Paris on 6 January 1975 ) is a French light pop tenor singer .
Dino Borgioli ( February 15 , 1891 -- September 12 , 1960 ) was an Italian lyric tenor .
Salvador Novoa ( born in Mexico City , Mexico , on October 30 , 1937 ) is a Mexican dramatic tenor .
Aloys Pennarini , also spelled Alois Pennarini , ( born Aloys Federler ; June 21 , 1870 in Vienna , Austria - Hungary -- June 23 , 1927 in Liberec , Czechoslovakia ) , was an opera singer ( tenor ) , opera director and film actor .
John Gostling ( 1644 - -1733 ) was a 17th - century Church of England clergyman and bass singer famed for his range and power .
